Tesla , the electric vehicle ( EV ) maker best known for its outlandishly - priced roadster EV , unveiled its newest , the Model S Sedan , this afternoon at the offices of CEO Elon Musk ’s other startup , SpaceX .
The Model S promises a 300 - mile range , 45 - minute fast - charge capability , a 0 to 60 time of 5.5 seconds , and room for seven passengers .
The car will also feature a removable battery pack as well as two LCD touch screens–one displaying the gauges and one mounted centrally in the dashboard .
Tesla hopes that this sleek mass - market electric vehicle prototype can be manufactured affordably so that the sedan can be priced at $ 49,900 ( after tax breaks ) , enabling the company to move 20,000 units a year by mid-2012 , a year after its debut .
Tesla may rent battery packs to customers for long road trips , but in general , the batteries will be available for lease .
The company claims they will last from seven to ten years , and Tesla ’s Model S will be covered under a warranty of three to four years .
The car will be manufactured in Southern California , but the Model S drive train will be produced in San Jose .
Musk says that the company has designed–and plans on manufacturing–its own platform .
So those are the facts behind an announcement thick with vapor .
You ca n’t buy a Tesla today .
Or next year .
Tesla has been plagued with problems since Musk founded it in 2003 .
Tesla ’s roadster was late , over budget , and is now too expensive for everyone but the seriously wealthy .
The company has also burned through nearly all the money it raised ( $ 150 million ) and recently laid off 20 % of its staff .
Even the streaming video of the Model S debut crashed within minutes .
Why all the fuss then ?
Today ’s lumbering Big
Three automakers can’t adapt to the world of electric vehicles quickly enough–witness today ’s news that GM and Chrysler are headed for another bailout .
They ’re too busy trying to stop money from bleeding out of the auto industry to focus on new ways of doing things .
Small , nimble companies do n’t have to change the way they ’ve done things forever .
They can work on electric cars from the beginning .
So Tesla is just a symbol of what we need to revive American automotive manufacturing .
May a thousand Teslas bloom .
And produce some cars people actually want to buy .
Plastic Surgery Packages
Look picture perfect and feel beautifully radiant on your special day with pre-wedding cosmetic plastic surgery and treatments .
Let Dr. Greenberg rejuvenate your skin , enhance your lips or contour your body just the way you ’ve always wanted .
CLICK TO SEE MORE
Pregnancy , and especially repeated pregnancies , stretch and distort the breasts and abdomen .
Fortunately , there is something you can do about it : a combination of cosmetic surgeries we call the “ Modern Mommy Makeover . ”
CLICK TO SEE MORE
Starting Over
For those affected by divorce or looking for a new , fresh start , the “ Starting Over ” package will give you the renewed confidence to go back into the world looking younger and feeling better .
A tummy tuck , Breast implants , breast lift or a combination of procedures can make a dramatic improvement in your look .
CONTACT US TO LEARN MORE
In just 20 minutes you can erase wrinkles it took years to create with injectables , such as Restylane® , BOTOX Cosmetic® and JUVÉDERM ® .
CLICK TO SEE MORE
Fresh Face
Turn back the hands of time with the appropriate combination of facelift , eyelid lift , rhinoplasty , chin reshaping and more .
CONTACT US TO LEARN MORE
Massive Weight - Loss Makeover
A package of procedures that includes body lift , tummy tuck and liposuction to help you tighten up after major weight loss .
CONTACT US TO LEARN MORE
Ultimate Breasts
Breast augmentation , breast lift , breast reduction – separately or in combination – for the most beautiful , natural - looking results .
CONTACT US TO LEARN MORE
Male Remodel
Hair restoration , liposuction , breast reduction , eyelift — whatever it takes to be the man you want to be .
CONTACT US TO LEARN MORE
Plastic Surgery Packages Stephen T. Greenberg , M.D. , F.A.C.S is a nationally renowned cosmetic plastic surgeon based in Southampton , Woodbury , Long Island , Boca Raton , Florida and Manhattan , New York .
Dr. Greenberg is well - known for his expertise in the field of cosmetic plastic surgery and is frequently interviewed for his knowledge on the latest cosmetic surgery techniques .
He has appeared on CBS , Fox News , NBC and News12 Long Island .
He is regularly featured on national magazines such as Harper ’s Bazaar , Cosmopolitan , More , and Elle , as well as in The New York Times and Newsday .
Let 's face it , every motorcyclist wishes they could cruise down the street looking like Pac - Man is eating their face .
Well loyal Geekologist MMach made the dream a reality when he painted his helmet to look like the icon character .
But instead of munching dots , now he munches the dotted line .
But not the double solid , that would be dangerous .
I 'm not quite sure if this has use on your blog , but I find it quite funny , albeit a bit geeky .
Months ago , I bought a new helmet , and I got this idea for my old helmet .
I decided it would look great to paint it like pacman .
And I have to say , I like the look of it . :)
I like it too .
Smart decision , MMach .
Reduce , repaint , recycle .
I would totally make one except I do n't have a motorcycle or motorcycle helmet .
But I do wear a crash helmet when my dad pulls me around in the wagon .
So I may paint that .
One time we crashed and I rolled into a storm sewer .
I made friends with a dead raccoon down there .
I poked Stripey in the eye with a stick .
Hit the jump for some before and after action .
Thanks MMach , now let 's go munch some asphalt .
BELFAST ( Reuters ) - Northern Ireland ’s environment minister said Monday he had blocked a television advertisement warning of climate change because he did not agree with its message it was a man -made problem .
The advertisement made by the government in London urges people to reduce energy use in the household to help save money and cut emissions of carbon dioxide , which scientists widely believe causes global warming .
Minister Sammy Wilson said the rules setting out the powers of Northern Ireland ’s devolved provincial executive meant London should have asked him whether he wanted to broadcast the ad there .
He said he agreed households should try to cut down on energy use , but not because this would help prevent environmental disasters .
“ I do n’t think that it needs to be associated as well with the propaganda message that climate change is man-made and that somehow by not having the standby light on your TV you ’ll stop the glaciers melting , the world being submerged , ... a deluge and all kinds of environmental catastrophes , ” he said .
Wilson has repeatedly argued that climate change had already been occurring before the spike in CO2 emissions associated with industrialisation , the advent of cars and air travel .
“ We have never clearly understood the causes of these changes , ” he earlier wrote in an article posted on his website .
Wilson , a member of the Democratic Unionist Party which leads Northern Ireland ’s power sharing executive , said the ad ’s reference to man-made climate change was “ insidious New Labour propaganda , ” a reference to Prime Minister Gordon Brown ’s party .
Some scientists say global warming may have contributed to a heatwave that fuelled Australia ’s devastating wildfires , in which more than 170 people have died , and that it will produce more extreme weather events in the future .
Northern Ireland ’s Green Party said Wilson should step down .
“ While the minister is entitled to his own views , he is not entitled to ignore the overwhelming scientific evidence that man-made climate change exists , ” Northern Ireland Assembly Member Brian Wilson said .
Photoshop Bigger Boobs Tutorial
In order to do this you will need :
There are a few things major things that people like to adjust in Adobe Photoshop .
Aside from bad skin , eye color , one thing that people want adjusted is the size of their breasts .
Luckily making somebodies boobs way bigger in Photoshop is actually pretty easy .
A PC or Mac with Adobe Photoshop
Publication date 1944 Usage Public Domain Topics World War II : Japanese Americans : Internment Digitizing sponsor U.S. War Relocation Authority with the cooperation of the Office of War Information and the Office of Strategic Services
Government - produced film attempting to defend the massive internment of Japanese Americans in concentration camps during World War II .
Shotlist
Film on the massive internment of Japanese Americans in concentration camps during World War II .
The film tries to reassure the viewer that the conditions in the camps are not too " soft " -- that the Japanese Americans there have to work hard and actually provide for many of their own needs , costing the taxpayer as little as possible .
It also takes pains to describe the internees as involved in community activities like the Boy Scouts , Red Cross and church - going .
It makes the point several times that internees are mostly loyal to America , but that the potential threat they pose is being dealt with appropriately .
There is also footage of Japanese American fighting units in training .
Hart Mountain , Wyoming
Ken Smith sez :
This weird film -- the U.S. government 's view of life inside its World War II Japanese - American internment camps -- is an early exercise in political damage control .
One of its more enjoyable aspects is its baldfaced use of pleasant - sounding euphemisms to recast the nasty things it shows us .
" The people are not under suspicion , " the narrator informs us , as we see Japanese - Americans being herded onto trains .
" They are not prisoners .
They are not internees .
They are merely dislocated people . "
He adds , " Their evacuation did not imply individual disloyalty but was ordered to reduce a military hazard . "
As the camera pans past armed guards in watchtowers and chain - link fences topped with barbed wire , we are told that these are simply " symbols of the military nature of the evacuation . "
This confusing clash between what we see and what we 're told continues throughout the film ; sometimes the narration is nice and the visuals are nasty , sometimes it 's the other way around .
For example , we 're shown the industrious internees growing their own food ( they had to , we 're informed , or else they 'd starve ) on " lands that had never been occupied or farmed . "
But then we 're told that none of the surplus was allowed onto the open market .
" Those who work are paid , " we 're informed , and we see smiling internees collecting their paychecks -- but then the narrator adds that " wages , by outside standards , are low , " and gives us the particulars :
Twelve to nineteen dollars a month ( the latter for doctors ) .
" Most have had to draw on their savings to live as they would like to . "
Next , we 're shown a series of location shots of internee beauty queens , boys scouts and baseball games , while the narrator blandly admits that the Japanese - Americans had to dip into their savings accounts ( again ) to fund such activities .
" The government does not provide money for purely recreational purposes , " we 're told , matter - of - factly ( Perhaps the War Relocation Authority was trying to have it both ways -- producing a film that would appease both proponents and opponents of internment ?
Politicians may advance through compromise , but it makes for a messy film ) .
We 're told that in 1943 , many of the internees were let out of the camps temporarily -- to perform grunt - labor harvest work on surrounding farms ( some of which the internees had previously owned ) .
" Most of the people returned to the centers , " notes the narrator , which is n't surprising .
However , he adds , " The War Relocation Authority has been more concerned with PERMANENT relocation .
Getting the evacuees out of the BACKWATER of the relocation centers , into the mainstream of American life . "
The narrator reminds us that the WRA wants to speed Japanese - American resettlement " so their labor can help to win the war , so the cost to the taxpayer may be reduced , " and " so there may be no question of the constitutionality of any part of the action taken by the government . "
We see a hand leafing through a " Leave Clearance Docket " ( it 's packed with over thirty pages of forms ) , while the narrator reassures us that " only those evacuees whose statements and whose acts leave NO QUESTION OF THEIR LOYALTY to the United States are permitted to leave " ( a guilty - until - proven - innocent approach that was later adopted by Joseph McCarthy ) .
Now the film becomes optimistic , treating us to dozens of staged shots of smiling Japanese - Americans toiling in Midwest factories .
" American flags -- some of them for the armed forces -- are turned out by Mrs. Yoshia Abi , " the narrator informs us .
" She hopes that one of the flags she makes some day may be carried in triumph down the streets of Tokyo ! "
And , " Henry Logoro used to be a farmer in Fresno , California .
From the Jerome relocation camp he moved to the Midwest -- to make marshmallows ! "
The film ends with footage of a Japanese - American combat team in training .
" They know what they 're fighting for ! " the narrator declares .
In case we 're not quite sure what that is at this point , he describes it as " The American ideals that are part of their upbringing .
Democracy .
Freedom .
Equality of opportunity .
Regardless of race , creed , or ancestry ! "
It does n't matter that what we 've just seen violates every one of those principles .
This was a challenge to democracy , not a triumph of it .
Shots :
aerials of barracks ; military police ; construction of living spaces by internees .
mess hall ; schools ; general store ;
clearing desert brush by hand .
building irrigation ditches , plowing and planting .
farming ; laying water mains ; medical shots ; dentists ; elections for camp government ; court administered by internees ; baseball and softball games ; football .
Church services ; internees painting ; Boy Scouts ; U.S.O. Club ( to provide entertainment for Japanese American soldiers who come to visit their families in the camps . )
Red Cross ; Campfire Girls ;
Harvest festival parade including floats ;
sign : Vote for Sam Nagata for Councilman
many shots of Japanese Americans working in a wide variety of professions : as farmers ; machine operators , nurses ; telephone linemen etc .
many people are identified by their full names and have their lives before and during the war described by the narrator .
Japanese Americans internment relocation World War II WWII race racism
Voiceover :
" Evacuation : more than 100,000 men , women and children all of Japanese ancestry removed from their homes in the Pacific coast states to wartime communities established in out - of - the - way places .
Their evacuation did not imply individual disloyalty , but was ordered to reduce a military hazard at a time when danger of invasion was great .
Two - thirds of the evacuees are American citizens by right of birth .
The rest are their Japanese - born parents and grandparents .
The evacuees are not under suspicion .
They are not prisoners .
They are not internees .
They are merely dislocated people .
The unwounded casualties of war . "
" Each family , upon arrival at a relocation center was assigned to a single room compartment about 20 X 25 feet .
Barren , unattractive , a stove , a light bulb , cots , mattresses and blankets .
Those were the things provided by the government .
The family 's own furniture was in storage on the West Coast . "
" Those who work are paid .
Wages by outside standards are low .
Twelve dollars a month for beginners .
Sixteen dollars a month for most of the workers and nineteen dollars a month for professional people such as doctors . "
" Some of the teachers [ in camp schools ] are Caucasian .
Some are evacuees , Americans of Japanese ancestry . "
" Evacuee doctors and nurses serve in the hospitals , under the supervision of Caucasians . "
" The evacuees have a form of community self - government , which aids the appointed officials in administration of the community . "
" A judicial commission sits in judgment on minor offenses .
Attorneys among the evacuees represent the prosecution and the defense .
A serious crime would be tried in the regular courts outside the center .
The crime rate among people of Japanese ancestry in the United State always has been extremely low and this has proved to be the case in the centers . "
" Evacuees have provided practically all of their own [ sports ] equipment .
. . . little government money has been spent for strictly recreational purposes . "
" The relocation centers include many well - known artists . "
" Most of the alien Japanese are Buddhists , but almost half their American - born children belong to some Christian denomination , Catholic , Methodist , Presbyterian .
Except for state - Shinto , involving Emperor worship , there is no restriction on religion in relocation centers . "
" While they have many things in common with ordinary American communities , in the really important things relocation centers are not normal and probably never can be .
Home life is disrupted .
Eating , living and working conditions are abnormal .
Training of children is difficult .
Americanism , taught in the schools and churches and on the playgrounds , loses much of its meaning in the confines of a relocation center .
When the War Relocation Authority was only a few months old it was decided that relocation centers should not be maintained any longer than necessary . "
[ some Japanese Americans were permitted to leave the camps before the end of the war .
there is a discussion of how these people were chosen and the possible unconstitutionality of the relocation , also much footage ]
" Relocation of evacuees is not being carried out at the expense of national security .
Only those evacuees whose statements and whose acts leave no question of their loyalty to the United States are permitted to leave . "
" American flags , some of them for the armed forces , are turned out by Mrs. Yoshii Abe [ sp . ? ] .
She hopes that one of the flags she makes someday maybe be carried in triumph down the streets of Tokyo . "
" The Americanism of the great majority of America 's Japanese finds its highest expression in the thousands who are in the United States Army , almost half of them are in a Japanese American combat team .
. . . Hundreds of them volunteered while they were in relocation centers .
. . . They know what they 're fighting against and they know what they 're fighting for -- their country and for the American ideals that are part of their upbringing -- democracy , freedom , equality of opportunity regardless of race , creed , or ancestry . "
< BR >
Addeddate 2002-07-16 00:00:00 Closed captioning no Collectionid 19585 Color B & W Country United States Identifier Challeng1944 Numeric_id 235 Proddate ca. 1944 Run time 17:13 Sound Sd Type MovingImage Year 1944
Virtual worlds could gain new players if a 3D web was standard
The 3D web moved closer to reality as Mozilla , the developer of the Firefox browser , joined forces with graphics consortium Khronos .
Khronos has set up a working group to create a standard for what it calls accelerated 3D graphics on the web .
It could lead to widespread browser - based gaming as well as creating 3D environments in social networking sites such as Facebook and MySpace .
The aim is to produce a first public version within a year .
" For a number of reasons , I think now is the time to .. figure out what an initial take of 3D on the web should look like , " said Mozilla 's infrastructure engineer Vladimir Vukicevic in his blog .
" People are doing more and more on the web adding 3D to this mix ensures that current web applications can experiment with new user experiences , while also enabling new classes of web applications , " he said .
Walking around Quake III has recently been made available on browsers
The development of the standard being proposed by Mozilla will create a mechanism to let JavaScript - the programming language used to write many web - based applications - tap into the widely used OpenGL graphics interface technology .
Browser - based games are beginning to take - off and , in February , classic game Quake III was re-released specifically for the browser .
A 3D - enabled web could provide a kickstart for virtual world games such as Second Life thinks Paul Jackson , an analyst with research firm Forrester .
" One of the things which puts people off virtual worlds is that it requires users to make very big downloads to install the games , " he said .
Having them available directly from a web browser would eliminate this and have much wider implications for non-gamers .
" Social networks could create 3D chatrooms and retailers could provide proper 3D visualisations of their products , " he said .
" If you think about the traditional browsing experience of flat pages and links this is not a natural way to interact .
People are much more used to walking around and picking things up so a 3D browser could lead eventually to a more naturalistic way of interaction , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Genki Wear , known for its licensed science fiction jewelry and perfumes , has produced what might be the most unusual Star Trek product ever : Star Trek colognes and perfume based on the original 1960s television show .
In our latest look at Trek ’s big Spring Collection , TrekMovie has all the exclusive first details and images on this unique addition to the pantheon of Star Trek merchandise .
An alcohol based synthetic , artificially reproducing a floral scent – Data , describing the perfumes used by males of Angel I ( TNG , “ Angel One ” )
Genki Wear Star Trek Perfume – A trio of scents from the final frontier
There are three fragrances planned for 2009 with the monikers “ Tiberius ” “ Red Shirt ” and “ Ponn Farr . ”
Tiberius
The Tiberius cologne , named in honor of the Mirror Universe James T. Kirk ’s challenges users to “ Boldly Go ” with a perfume described as being spiked with “ notes of freshness and sensuality . ”
According to Genki Wear , the perfume has sweet citron zest , black pepper , and cedar as its top notes ( top notes refers to those scents that are noticeable first ) and warm vanilla , white musk , and sandalwood as its base notes ( scents perceived last , usually about a half hour after application ) .
Genki Wear promises that “ Tiberius Cologne for men is difficult to define and impossible to refuse ” which is also a pretty good description of the Mirror Kirk himself .
Command your essence with Tiberius , the cologne
Red Shirt
Genki’s “ Red Shirt ” cologne ( whose tag line “ Because Tomorrow May Never Come ” is priceless ) celebrates the sacrifices of those often nameless crew of the USS Enterprise .
Described appropriately as a cologne for those with a “ devotion to living each day as it could be your last ” the cologne has top notes of green mandarin , bergamot , and lavender , with base notes of leather and grey musk .
Live every day as if it could be your last , with ‘ Red Shirt ’ cologne
Both the Tiberius and Red Shirts are 100 ml ( 3.4 oz ) quality colognes built from long lasting fragrances for men , and will retail for $ 30 - 40 depending on the department or retail store .
Pon Farr
The most risqué titled of the new Star Trek fragrances is “ Ponn Farr ” which is a perfume designed to “ drive him wild . ”
It should only be used once every seven years ( okay , that is n’t true ) .
Named for the Vulcan mating ritual first introduced in the episode “ Amok Time , ” this perfume is one of the newly designed products meant to appeal to female fans .
More details and an image on Ponn Farr will be available soon .
A Star Trek First
While there was a cologne included in the 1996 Star Trek First Contact travel set ( that also included a wallet and soap ) , this is the first time that Star Trek is getting a first class fragrance treatment in the perfume area .
The First Contact cologne had a generic label and was in an inexpensive plastic bottle .
The Genki Wear line , however , includes uniquely designed containers and specially crafted boxes , as well as carefully prepared fragrances that the company believes is comparable to Chanel or Cartier .
What is especially exciting about this line is that it has something that most Star Trek products do n’t … a practical purpose .
Not only are fans getting a collectible , it is a collectible that could and should be used .
It is also nice because it allows the partners of Star Trek fans ( whether fans or not ) to buy this perfume for that special “ Captain Kirk ” in their lives .
All the Star Trek fragrances will be available this April at department and retail stores , and at online retailers .
Genki Wear has invited Trekmovie.com readers to send their questions or suggestions to them at questions@genkiwear.com regarding this and possible future fragrances .
[ digg- reddit- me ]
Our enemies do not subscribe to the rules of the Marquis of Queensbury .
“ Name , rank and serial number ” does not apply to non-state actors but is , regrettably , the only question this administration wants us to ask .
Porter Goss , former director of the CIA , in the Washington Post .
Right - wingers from the National Review to Rush Limbaugh to Porter Goss has repeated this line ad infinitum – this constant suggestion or occasionally accusation that opponents of torture only want to ask members of al Qaeda for their “ name , rank and serial number . ”
This is a distortion of the position many opponents of torture take – that the Geneva Conventions do apply even to terrorists .
A commenter called salubrius provides a decent breakdown :
There are two standards for interrogation in the Geneva Convention .
One standard applies to POWs or prisoners of war .
These prisoners have a preferred status in that they may not be coerced to provide information other than their name , rank and serial number .
The other standard applies to those who do not qualify as POWs .
These are also referred to as unlawful enemy combatants .
The Supreme Court in 1942 referred to this classification of lawful and unlawful combatants .
Terrorists and suspected terrorists are still protected under the Geneva Conventions – though not to the extent of prisoners of war or civilians .
Geneva provides certain mininimal protections for “ those who , at a given moment and in any manner whatsoever , find themselves , in case of a conflict or occupation , in the hands of a Party to the conflict or Occupying Power of which they are not nationals . ”
Namely , Geneva provides that such persons “ shall nevertheless be treated with humanity ” and “ shall not be deprived of the rights of fair and regular trial prescribed by the present Convention . ”
This is the position held by most if not all of those who insist that Geneva still applies to terrorists .
Proponents of torture try to mislead those not following the political conversation closely by disingenously claiming that their opponents consider asking anything more than “ name , rank , and serial number ” to be torture .
In fact , the most successful interrogators of terrorists so far have also been opponents of torture – from Ali Soufan of the FBI to Matthew Alexander of military intelligence .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
By Caitlin Smith
U.S. Presidents have to manage a mind - boggling range of issues , from international affairs to domestic cultural issues to the environment to national security to economics .
And just as no presidents deal with the same exact issues in the same circumstances , no presidents have prepared for the job in the same way .
Some presidents enjoyed long careers in politics and studied political science , U.S. history and international relations , but others had careers in journalism , education and even geology before entering into politics .
Read on to discover the 10 most surprising majors in presidential history .
The Mac web has been abuzz over the past few days regarding the possibility of an " authentication " or " DRM " chip included inside the headphones for Apple 's new iPod shuffle released last week .
After several days of investigation , explanations , and misunderstandings , the chip appears to contain no authorization or encryption component .
Following up on comments from iLounge regarding the existence of such a chip , Boing Boing Gadgets discovered the chip located inside the new iPod shuffles ' headphone control module .
The discovery touched off speculation that Apple had added the chip as a means to force third - party manufacturers to pay a licensing fee in order to produce headphones compatible with the new iPod shuffle .
Macworld , however , contacted an Apple spokesman about the matter .
While the spokesman confirmed the existence of the chip , its intended purpose is said to be related to the " Made for iPod " program alone .
Boing Boing Gadgets was also able to speak with Apple and received what is so far the clearest explanation regarding whether the chip contains DRM :
Just spoke with Apple .
There is no encryption or authentication on the chip , so clones could conceivably be made , just not with " Made for iPod " official certification .
And now we know !
Update : Apple offers a " Made for iPod " licensing certification for accessories that work with their iPods .
With the introduction of this chip , Apple seems to have extended " Made for iPod " certification to headphones / remotes that work with the iPod shuffle .
Previously , these accessories were not required to be " Made for iPod " certified .
So while there is no DRM in the chips , themselves , it is unlikely that a 3rd party manufacturer would be carried in an Apple Store unless they are " Made for iPod " .
The implication is that Apple has further extended their control over 3rd party accessories for the iPod .
NEW YORK , March 14 ( UPI ) --
A rare copy of the first Superman comic book sold for $ 317,200 during an Internet auction , a New York auction company said .
The auction site ComicConnect.com said John Dolmayan , drummer for the rock band System of a Down -- who also happens to be a vintage comic book collector and dealer -- registered the winning bid late Friday for a client , the New York Daily News reported Saturday .
It was one off the highest bids ever for a comic book , the newspaper said .
Advertisement
The 1938 edition of Action Comics No. 1 -- the first comic to feature mild - mannered reporter Clark Kent and his Man of Steel alter ego -- had been purchased by its previous owner for 35 cents at a secondhand shop , the News said .
Comic book expert Stephen Fishler had described the issue last month as " the Holy Grail of comic books . "
Only 100 copies are known to exist worldwide and this one is one of just a few that remain untouched , in mint condition .
Radical Software have just launched the latest version of their media web browser , Wyzo .
The newest version has been a long time in the making and is one of the few web browsers supporting BitTorrent downloads straight out of the box .
We first discovered Wyzo when it was released in June 2007 .
The project showed potential but many reported problems with the packaged FireTorrent extension during the early stages .
The team had difficulty finding the right people to take the project forward and this combined with a lack of funding resulted in the project being discontinued after a few months .
Early in 2008 , the project was revived by Radical Software and one year later , Wyzo 3 is alive and kicking .
The most recent Wyzo release is based on the latest Firefox 3 core , but with it comes with a brand new “ chrome like ” theme and a wide range of proprietary extensions .
The new version of FireTorrent has been completely rewritten and provides integrated support for torrent downloads .
Downloading torrents with Wyzo is as simple as grabbing any other file and the speeds are comparable to most standalone BitTorrent clients .
FireTorrent is also available as a Firefox extension and currently has 25,000 active daily users .
Another new extension that comes with the browser , FireDownload , provides multi- threaded acceleration to all regular http downloads .
FireTray , a minimize to tray feature , allows all downloads to continue while the browser sits in the tray .
Wyzo downloads torrents in the browser
Wyzo also includes some other popular extensions such as Cooliris to enhance the users ’ browsing experience .
A full list of features can be found at the Wyzo site .
The latest version of the ‘ BitTorrent browser ’ is a great improvement and shows Radical Software mean business with Wyzo .
TorrentFreak was told that here are other proprietary extensions in the development pipeline and Wyzo hopes to gain users by offering a rich media browsing experience .
Disclaimer : Wyzo is one of our sponsors .
It ’s always good to declare such things or you end up accused of being biased ;-)
Flash games are hugely popular , and they 're cheap to make .
But is there money to be made as a Flash developer ?
That depends , say the people interviewed for this article , not only on the quality of your games , of course , but more importantly , on how clever you are at marketing them .
It 's all about having multiple revenue streams , they say ; single sources of income used to cut it , but no longer .
Once upon a time , the standard operating procedure for an independent Flash developer was to create a game and then shop it around to the various portals and sponsors to see who -- if anyone -- would bite , says former Flash developer Chris Hughes in Sacramento , CA .
He and his partner Adam Schroeder soon became weary of the process and launched FlashGameLicense.com , a broker site where developers can display their wares and sponsors can bid on them .
" We 've had a huge impact on what developers get for their games , " claims Hughes , the site 's co-owner .
" We only allow legitimate sponsors to bid , and the process not only helps to increase the monetary value of the games but also can improve the terms of the agreements , which can sometimes be more important than the upfront money . "
The Web site claims to have over 960 sponsors -- including CareerBuilder.com , Cartoon Network , and Simon & Schuster -- of which 200 view the site daily .
There are currently about 2,000 games on display , created by the 4,400 developers now enrolled .
Since the site was launched in April , 2008 , it has brokered over 830 deals totaling almost $ 956,000 -- an average of just over $ 1,000 per deal .
Sponsors pay no fees to become sponsors ; the site takes 10 % of each transaction .
How much is the typical transaction ?
According to Hughes , of the 20 games submitted daily to FlashGameLicense.com , " 99.9 % of the good - to - great games get sold while 25 % of all the games we 've ever had on our site have been sold .
At a minimum , developers selling their first game ever -- if it falls into the ' good - to - great ' category -- make about $ 500 - and - up . "
At " the high end , " a not - so - typical example of how lucrative Flash development can get is Auckland , New Zealand - based studio NinjaKiwi , the developer of the Bloons games , says Hughes .
" They have created an entire game - specific site -- Bloonsworld , " he notes , " which enables them to make $ 30,000 a month or more by leveraging their IP in various ways , including creating an online community around their games , in - game ads , banner ads on their site , and various licenses on their games .
And that , in fact , is what developers need to do to make their work lucrative -- maximize the number of revenue streams they create . "
For instance , developers can allow specific branding in their games for a fee through sponsorships and licenses , sell items or premium content through microtransactions , and allow ad networks like MochiAds and CPMstar to keep ad inventory flowing through their games and to share the revenue with the developer .
In addition , developers can license or sell their IP , enter competitions that generate revenue , and urge gamers to buy full and / or downloadable versions of their games .
Take , for example , developer Colin Northway , whose first Flash game was Fantastic Contraption .
Northway sold " premium content " in the game -- a level editor and the ability to view other peoples ' contraptions -- for a one - time $ 10 fee payable through PayPal .
" The game ended up making Colin an amount in the low six figures in only four months , " recalls Hughes , " and then he sold the rights to inXile .
He still retains a percentage of the revenue share on the game and any version of the game released .
That 's what I call maximizing revenue streams . "
THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP )  Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton says the Obama administration has indeed abandoned the term " global war on terror . "
The top U.S. diplomat told reporters Tuesday that the Obama administration has quit using that line to describe the effort to fight terrorism around the world .
" The administration has stopped using the phrase and I think that speaks for itself , " Clinton said .
Clinton spoke as she headed to Europe for a week of diplomatic meetings .
The phrase " war on terror " is widely disliked in Europe and elsewhere overseas , where even close U.S. allies suggested it was overly militaristic and perhaps counterproductive .
It is also now associated with a range of Bush administration policies such as harsh interrogation practices that President Barack Obama has pledged to abandon .
Clinton was asked about the phrase as she headed to Europe for a week of diplomatic meetings .
Pundits have noted the absence of the " war on terror " language , but top administration figures have had little to say on the subject before now .
" I have n't heard it used .
I have n't gotten any directive about using it or not using it , it 's just not being used , " Clinton said .
Then - President George W. Bush used the phrase as a rallying cry after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The roads around Dubai airport are clogged with abandoned cars left behind by guestworkers from the construction industry who are fleeing the country ahead of the economic collapse :
On the night of December 31 , 2008 alone more than 80 vehicles were found at the airport .
" Sixty cars were seized on the first day of this year , " director general of Airport Security , Mohammed Bin Thani , told DNA over the phone .
On the same day , deputy director of traffic , colonel Saif Mohair Al Mazroui , said they seized 22 cars abandoned at a prohibited area in the airport .
Faced with a cash crunch and a bleak future ahead , there were no goodbyes for the migrants — overwhelmingly South Asians , mostly Indians – just a quiet abandoning of the family car at the airport and other places .
While 2,500 vehicles have been found dumped in the past four months outside Terminal III , which caters to all global airlines , Terminal II , which is only used by Emirates Airlines , had 160 cars during the same period …
" The construction and real estate industry has been hit following the global slowdown and the direct fallout is that professionals working in the realty industry are rapidly losing their jobs , " said a senior media professional , in - charge of a realty supplement in Dubai .
" In fact , my weekly real estate supplement usually had 60 % advertisement and ran into 300 - odd pages .
In the last seven weeks , it 's down to 80 pages and with fewer advertisments , " he added .
Mumbai resident D Nair ( name changed ) had been living in a plush highrise in Sharjah for the past four years .
However , the script went horribly wrong when his contract was terminated .
Nair used all his credit cards to their maximum limit , shopping for people back home .
He then discarded his Honda Accord before returning to India for good .
Nair , who stays in a rented apartment in Navi Mumbai today , has a Rs15 lakh loan with a Dubai bank .
by : Renraw62
an image from Renraw62 Uploaded 11 years ago
Bookmark & Share
( CNN ) -- Connie and Donald McCracken were watching CNN one evening last week when they learned of the tragic death of actress Natasha Richardson from a head injury .
Immediately , their minds turned to their 7 - year - old daughter , Morgan , who was upstairs getting ready for bed .
An injured Morgan McCracken has benefited from awareness after Natasha Richardson 's death .
Two days earlier , Morgan , her father , and brother had been playing baseball in the yard of their Mentor , Ohio , home when her father hit a line drive that landed just above Morgan 's left temple .
A lump formed , but the McCrackens iced it down and the swelling subsided within an hour .
" For the next two days , she was perfectly fine , " Donald McCracken says .
" She had no symptoms .
She went to school both days and got an A on her spelling test as usual .
There were no issues whatsoever . "
But after hearing about Richardson 's death , the McCrackens wondered if Morgan was really as OK as she seemed .
After all , Richardson had been talking and lucid immediately after her fatal injury .
When they went upstairs to kiss Morgan good night , she complained of a headache .
" Because of Natasha , we called the pediatrician immediately .
And by the time I got off the phone with him , Morgan was sobbing , her head hurt so much , " McCracken says .
The McCrackens took Morgan to the emergency room at LakeWest Hospital in neighboring Willoughby , where doctors ordered a CT scan and immediately put Morgan on a helicopter to Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , with her father by her side .
" I knew it was bad when she had to get there by helicopter in six minutes , instead of the 30 minutes it would have taken to get to Cleveland in an ambulance , " McCracken said .
When the helicopter arrived at Rainbow , the McCrackens were greeted by Dr. Alan Cohen , the hospital 's chief of pediatric neurosurgery .
He whisked Morgan into the operating room , pausing for a moment to tell McCracken that his daughter had the same injury as Richardson : an epidural hematoma .
McCracken remembers standing in the emergency room , feeling like the life had just been sucked out of him .
" My heart sank , " he says .
" It just sank . "
Unlike Richardson's , Morgan 's story has a happy ending .
After surgery and five days in the hospital , she 's at home and doing fine .
" Dr. Cohen told us that if we had n't brought her in Thursday night , she never would have woken up , " McCracken says .
Now the McCrackens sometimes wonder if they waited too long to get Morgan to a doctor .
After hearing about Richardson 's death , many people are asking themselves the same question :
Do all head injuries need attention , even ones that seem minor ?
" Sometimes there 's a gray zone , and there 's no right answer , " Cohen says .
Watch for tips on when to go to the ER »
In most cases , it 's pretty clear when someone needs medical attention after a head injury , says Greg Ayotte , a spokesperson for the Brain Injury Association of America and a cognitive rehabilitation therapist .
" They 're confused , they 're agitated , or they might be dizzy or unresponsive , " he says .
But then there 's what doctors call the " talk and die " scenario , where someone seems fine , only to die hours , or sometimes even days later .
" Talk and die " can happen with several different kinds of brain injuries .
In the case of epidural hematomas , the injury Richardson and Morgan had , blood pools in the area between the lining of the brain and the skull .
" Fluid is building up in a contained space , creating pressure .
Something 's got to give , and that something is the brain , " Ayotte says .
If you do n't get to the hospital to have surgery to drain the fluid , " the deterioration can happen very quickly . "
Here , from Ayotte and other experts , is a list of what to do after someone has suffered a head injury .
1 . Be vigilant
Keep an eye on someone who has hit his head , even if the person never lost consciousness .
" A lot of folks are still under the assumption that as long as you 're not knocked out , you 're OK , and that 's not true , " Ayotte says .
2. Look for dizziness , vomiting , headache and confusion
If the injured person has these signs , take him or her to an emergency room , says Dr. Jam Ghajar , clinical professor of neurological surgery at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York , and president of the Brain Trauma Foundation .
3 . Look for changes in symptoms and behavior
Any sudden change , such as Morgan 's headache going from mild to severe in minutes , means the person needs medical attention .
For example , Ghajar says , if a person gets suddenly sleepy in the first 12 hours after a hit , it may mean the parts of the brain responsible for staying awake are experiencing pressure from a bleed .
4 . Be especially wary if someone a ) has been drinking alcohol , b ) is on blood thinners , c ) is elderly or d ) is a young athlete
It 's tough to distinguish brain - injured behavior from drunken behavior , so when in doubt , take the person to the hospital , Ghajar says .
Also , blood thinners can turn a mild bleed into a major bleed , so be especially vigilant if the injured person is taking blood thinners such as warfarin .
He also warns people to be extra vigilant when an elderly person hits his or her head .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has information on traumatic brain injury and senior citizens .
The CDC also has information on concussions in young athletes .
5 . Go to a certified trauma center if you can
The American College of Surgeons has a list of certified trauma facilities ; a hospital that 's not a trauma center may not have a neurosurgeon on call .
You can also look on this map from the American Trauma Society .
Find your state , select trauma centers , update the map , and you can find information about trauma centers in your area .
The McCrackens say they look back and still can't believe Morgan suffered such a severe injury and did n't show any signs for 48 hours .
" She did n't black out , her speech was n't slurred , she was n't dizzy , she was n't any of the things you 'd expect , " McCracken says .
" And you do n't want to be one of those panicky parents who takes their child to the emergency room all the time . "
Cohen 's advice after a head injury :
When in doubt , go .
" It 's always better to err on the side of being conservative , " he says .
CNN Medical Producer Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .
All About Natasha Richardson • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Breast cancer survivor Christina Applegate made the cover of People magazine ’s 100 most beautiful people issue on Wednesday in a list that welcomed newcomers U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and “ Twilight ” heart - throb Robert Pattinson .
Pattinson ’s vampire - loving co-star Kristen Stewart , teen music idols Nick and Joe Jonas and “ Slumdog Millionaire ” star Dev Patel also made the coveted list for the first time , in the celebrity magazine ’s annual issue that hits newsstands on Friday .
Applegate , 37 , the star of the U.S. TV show “ Samantha Who ? , ” won admiration for going public last year about her breast diagnosis and later underwent a double mastectomy .
The actress , who has since undergone reconstructive breast surgery , told People in an interview it was hard to look at herself naked .
“ You do n’t look the same anymore and you never will .
A part of you is gone .
...
It ’s a decision that you made to save your life , ” she said .
It was Applegate ’s third appearance on the People list .
Michelle Obama , who has achieved celebrity status and has wowed the world as a fashion icon , made the list for the first time .
“ I had a father and a brother who thought I was beautiful , and they made me feel that way every single day , ” Obama told the magazine .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
“ I grew up with very strong male role models who thought I was smart and fast and funny , so I heard that a lot .
I know that there are many young girls who do n’t hear it .
But I was fortunate , ” she added .
Also included in a “ Barack ’s Beauties ” section were White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and others .
Pattinson , 22 , who has a huge teen girl following after appearing in the “ Twilight ” movie blockbuster , said he did n’t quite understand his heartthrob status .
“ I do n’t get it .
It ’s funny , you look the same for years and no one ever mentions it .
Then suddenly it ’s a big deal , ” he told People .
The 100 list also included old favorites George Clooney , Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt and Halle Berry .
Some of the celebrities , including actress Eva Mendes and supermodel Cindy Crawford appeared in a “ Stars Without Makeup ” section in which they were photographed wearing no make - up for their close - ups .
The Font Game is back !
Thirty multiple - choice questions to test your font identification skills .
This is level one .
The game is not timed , so take your time and good luck !
You Scored - That 's an impressive score .
Play again or try Level Two Play again , try Level Two , or try more games # 1 . Georgia A B C D # 2 . Rockwell A B C D # 3 .
Cooper Black A B C D # 4 . Bodoni A B C D # 5 . Bauhaus 93 A B C D # 6 . Helvetica A B C D # 7 . Impact A B C D # 8 .
Times New Roman A B C D # 9 . Arial A B C D # 10 .
Trajan A B C D # 11 . Stencil A B C D # 12 . Optima A B C D # 13 .
Wide Latin A B C D # 14 .
Template Gothic A B C D # 15 .
Cowhand A B C D # 16 .
Showcard Gothic A B C D # 17 . Magneto A B C D # 18 . Comic Sans A B C D # 19 . Gill Sans A B C D # 20 .
Colonna A B C D # 21 . Mistral A B C D # 22 . Copperplate Gothic A B C D # 23 .
Playbill A B C D # 24 .
Century A B C D # 25 .
Myriad A B C D # 26 .
Curlz A B C D # 27 .
Hoefler Text A B C D # 28 .
Brush Script A B C D # 29 .
Courier New A B C D # 30 .
Centaur A B C D finish
Getting to Grips with LaTeX
Here are some tutorials I have written for getting up to speed with this excellent document processing system .
Funnily enough I would n't consider myself an expert , per se , but I 'm learning all the time .
I recall finding it quite taxing when I started to learn LaTeX , which is why I have started these tutorials .
However , I hope that my experience plays to your advantage because I cover sort of questions and problems I had when I first learning LaTeX which are probably typical for most beginners .
Benefits
LaTeX pre-dates modern graphical word processors , if not modern graphical operating systems !
How can something so archaic be any good ?
Well it turns out it was well designed and ahead of its time , which is why it 's still popular today .
First and foremost the quality of the documents is far superior to word processors .
The separation of content and style is in fact quite liberating and makes for simpler writing : you can concentrate on content .
And for large documents with lots of cross-references , bibliographies / citations and figures , you 'll wonder how you ever put up with word processors !
For a more detailed account , see my article regarding the numerous advantages .
Tutorials
March 19 , 2009  -- Citigroup , which has received $ 45 billion in taxpayer bailout money , plans to spend $ 10 million on new offices at its Park Avenue headquarters for CEO Vikram Pandit and his deputies , according to Bloomberg News .
A Citi source confirmed the renovation plans to ABC News , which were first reported by Bloomberg .
The source added that the renovation is part of an overall effort to cut costs by consolidating offices .
Last month , Pandit testified before Congress about the way his company is using taxpayer dollars received through the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
" The American people are right to expect that we use TARP funds responsibly , quickly and transparently to help American families , businesses and communities , " he said .
Earlier this year , Citigroup reversed a decision to buy a $ 50 million corporate jet under pressure from the government .
The Citi source likened the $ 10 million in office renovations to refinancing a home :
You need to put money down so you can save money over time .
Permits for the renovations were filed in September 2008 , according to the source .
" This office space consolidation is part of a global effort to create greater operating efficiencies and generate millions of dollars in savings in the years ahead , " Citi told ABC News in a statement .
" Through this project , senior executives in our corporate headquarters are moving from two floors to smaller , simpler offices on a single floor . "
" These changes , combined with greater use of shared work spaces and alternative work arrangements , will double the overall occupancy rate on the remaining floor , " the company added .
" In addition , based on estimates made when the project was initiated , we expect to generate savings in the next few years well in excess of the project costs compared to our current utilization of headquarters executive space . "
Bloomberg reported that the company plans to spend at least $ 3.2 million for basic construction , such as wall removal , plumbing and fire safety , but that the overall cost would be at least three times as high .
Merrill Lynch CEO Spends on Redecoration
Earlier this year CNBC reported that then Merrill Lynch CEO John
Thain spent more than $ 1 million to redecorate his office .
The redecoration , which took place in early 2007 , became a symbol of corporate extravagance ahead of the financial crisis that has taken over the world economy .
Thain was forced to sell Merrill Lynch to Bank of America in a frantic deal in September 2008 .
While he was originally expected to stay on as an employee , Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis fired Thain in January 2009 , soon after news of the renovations became public .
In a subsequent interview on CNBC , Thain said in hindsight the office renovations were a " mistake . "
Thain 's purchases went well beyond what an average office space would cost and were reported to have included an $ 87,000 area rug for Thain 's conference room and another area rug for $ 44,000 ; a $ 25,000 mahogany pedestal table ; a $ 68,000 19th - century credenza for Thain 's office ; a $ 15,000 sofa ; four pairs of curtains for $ 28,000 ; a pair of guest chairs for $ 87,000 ; a George IV Desk for $ 18,000 ; six wall sconces for $ 2,700 ; six chairs in his private dining room for $ 37,000 ; a mirror in his private dining room for $ 5,000 ; a chandelier in the private dining room for $ 13,000 ; fabric for a Roman shade for $ 11,000 ; a custom coffee table for $ 16,000 ; something called a " commode on legs " for $ 35,000 ; Regency chairs for $ 24,000 ; 40 yards of fabric for wall panels for $ 5,000 and a parchment waste can for $ 1,400 .
According to Bloomberg , plans for Citi 's renovations on file with the city specify the installation of at least one Sub - Zero Inc. refrigerator and icemaker , " premium grade " millwork and a Madico Inc. " Safety Shield 800 " blast - proof window film .
The project includes 17 private offices , each with space for administrative assistants , two conference rooms and open areas with " soft seating . "
Sernova Corp Completes $ 3.7 M in Financing By Jim Robertson
Earlier this week , small cap clinical - stage regenerative medicine therapeutics company Sernova Corp ( TSX -V : SVA ; OTCQB : SEOVF ; FSE : PSH ) announced that it has closed its non-brokered private placement announced on September 9 plus will give an update at an upcoming biotech investor conference .
» Read More
Zinc8 Energy Solutions Announces India Agreement and Bags an Innovation Award By Jim Robertson Earlier this week , small cap Zinc8 Energy Solutions ( CSE : MGXR ; FSE:0E9 ; OTCMRKTS : MGXRF ) announced the signing of an agreement in principle with Vijai Electricals Ltd from Hyderabad to explore JV projects and was also selected as a winner of the New York City Department of Buildings Carbon Neutrality Innovation Challenge .
» Read More
Westport Fuel Systems Secures Chinese Certification for Natural Gas Engine By Peter Graham Small cap alternative fuel systems and component stock Westport Fuel Systems ( NASDAQ : WPRT ) just jumped almost 40 % in morning trading after announcing that its Chinese joint venture had received certification from the Chinese government and is now positioned to sell to truck original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) in China . » Read More
Northern Lights Resources Announces Secret Pass Gold Project Airborne Geophysics Results By Jim Robertson Small cap exploration stage mining stock Northern Lights Resources Corp ( CNSX : NLR ) has announced the results of the airborne geophysics surveys at the Company ’s Secret Pass Gold Project with the airborne geophysics surveys being part of a Phase 1 exploration program for the Project announced on February 10 , 2020 .
» Read More
Chinese EV Stock NIO Limited : Sustainable Breakout ?
By Peter Graham Chinese electric vehicle ( EV ) stock NIO Limited ( NYSE : NIO ) has recently broken above a key resistance line , given a good delivery update and has also completed more financing ; but shares are still taking a hit in today ’s sell off .
» Read More
Two Mining Small Caps Finish Raising Millions in Capital By Jim Robertson
Last week was a busy week for completing financing for two small caps that the Small Cap Network has followed for some time as Silver Spruce Resources ( TSXV : SSE ) raised $ 1,819,500 and Northern Lights Resources Corp ( CNSX : NLR ) finished raising $ 2,817,890 . » Read More
Small Cap EV Maker AYRO Reports Earnings By Peter Graham
This morning before the market opened , small cap electric vehicle stock Ayro , Inc ( NASDAQ : AYRO ) reported ( preliminary ) earnings ; but shares are drifting downward in morning trading and have been hovering above a key support level or within a range for some time now .
» Read More
Aura Resources Closes Financing and Acquisition Deals By Jim Robertson Small cap Aura Resources Inc ( TSX - V : AUU ) has announced that following significant investor demand , it had closed its private placement financing along with the amalgamation agreement for the acquisition of Territory Metals Corp . » Read More
George Bailey has spent his entire life giving of himself to the people of Bedford Falls .
He has always longed to travel but never had the opportunity in order to prevent rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town .
All that prevents him from doing so is George 's modest building and loan company , which was founded by his generous father .
But on Christmas Eve , George 's Uncle Billy loses the business 's $ 8,000 while intending to deposit it in the bank .
Potter finds the misplaced money and hides it from Billy .
When the bank examiner discovers the shortage later that night , George realizes that he will be held responsible and sent to jail and the company will collapse , finally allowing Potter to take over the town .
Thinking of his wife , their young children , and others he loves will be better off with him dead , he contemplates suicide .
But the prayers of his loved ones result in a gentle angel named Clarence coming to earth to help George , with the promise of earning his ...
Written by alfiehitchie
Lee Harbert was a San Francisco - based investment banker with a history of DUIs .
On Jan. 11 , 2005 , he killed 55 - year - old Gurdeep Kaur in a hit - and - run with his Jaguar .
Google got him convicted .
Advertisement
Harbert claimed he thought he'd hit a deer , which meant he would n't have needed to stop and help the person he mowed down , and police had originally said they were looking for a burgundy Jag , while his was black , so he had no idea what he'd done .
But , when police searched his computer , they found Google searches from a couple days after the accident like , " auto parts , auto dealers out - of - state ; auto glass , Las Vegas ; auto glass reporting requirements to law enforcement , auto theft , " according to the prosecutor .
The coup de grace ?
He searched for " hit - and - run , " which he followed to a page about the hit - and - run he committed .
Advertisement
The judge sentenced Harbert to three years ( that 's it ? ) .
Harbert appealed , and got his argument smacked down last week .
So remember kids , do n't search for a crime you recently committed , or at least do it on someone 's computer .
[ Cnet ]
Going Galt Share
This :
A few days ago , Brad asked if I 'd noticed how often the term " Going Galt " was cropping up on the Internet ... in blogs and columns , letters to editors etc .
( For " Going Galt " the T - shirt ,
Lisa Schiffren of The Corner has
The doctors , lawyers , engineers , executives , serious small - business owners , top salespeople , and other professionals and entrepreneurs who make this country run work considerably harder than pretty much anyone else ( including most of the chattering class , and all politicians ) .
They are not robber barons , or trust - fund babies , or plutocrats , or even celebrities .
They are mostly the meritocrats who worked hard in high school and got into the better colleges and grad schools , where they studied while others partied .
They pushed through grueling hours and unpleasant â€œup or outâ€ policies in their twenties and thirties at top law firms , banks , hospitals , and businesses to earn salaries in the solid six figures ( or low seven ) today â€ ” in their peak earning years .
Their work ethic is prodigious , and . . . in their spare time they sit on the boards of most of the complex charities and arts institutions that provide aid and pay for culture in America .
No group of people contribute more to their community .
And now the president , who followed a path sort of like that , and who claims that his wifeâ€™s former six - figure income was a result of precisely such qualifications and efforts , is demonizing them .
More problematically , he is penalizing their success and giving them very clear incentives to ratchet back on productivity .
about " Going Galt " on the Classically Liberal site also has a good summary .
I am not sure how prevalent Going Galt is as phenom ; it is not a phenom that officials will keep stats on even if there was a way to measure the frequency , depth of personal withdrawal , etc .
But the phrase seems to have hit a nerve and , so , it reveals a common response to the constant pillaging of society by government and state capitalists .
To the extent there is an emotion driving the phrase 's popularity , I believe it is resentment bordering on rage at the sight of people who were irresponsible or downright corrupt receiving a bottomless sack of money that is stolen from hardworking , honest people who played and worked by the rules .
Only suckers obey the rules these days .
Only thieves get rich .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
Of course , for many if not most people , the withdrawal is partial and a matter of commonsense as much as political sensitivity .
The economic and social equation has changed .
When a government penalizes your productivity to the point of seizure through taxes , paperwork , possible lawsuits etc. , then ceasing to produce is a way to remove yourself as a target and alleviate stress .
Suddenly , time with your children or in pursuing hobbies becomes far more attractive .
Lisa Schiffren of The Corner has a great description of the type of person who is likely to Go Galt -- basically , it is the working affluent who earn above the $ 250,000 that Obama has arbitrarily defined as being " rich . "
Schiffren writes , The doctors , lawyers , engineers , executives , serious small - business owners , top salespeople , and other professionals and entrepreneurs who make this country run work considerably harder than pretty much anyone else ( including most of the chattering class , and all politicians ) .
They are not robber barons , or trust - fund babies , or plutocrats , or even celebrities .
They are mostly the meritocrats who worked hard in high school and got into the better colleges and grad schools , where they studied while others partied .
They pushed through grueling hours and unpleasant â€œup or outâ€ policies in their twenties and thirties at top law firms , banks , hospitals , and businesses to earn salaries in the solid six figures ( or low seven ) today â€ ” in their peak earning years .
Their work ethic is prodigious , and . . . in their spare time they sit on the boards of most of the complex charities and arts institutions that provide aid and pay for culture in America .
No group of people contribute more to their community .
And now the president , who followed a path sort of like that , and who claims that his wifeâ€™s former six - figure income was a result of precisely such qualifications and efforts , is demonizing them .
More problematically , he is penalizing their success and giving them very clear incentives to ratchet back on productivity .
A fascinating article about " Going Galt " on the Classically Liberal site also has a good summary .
I am not sure how prevalent Going Galt is as phenom ; it is not a phenom that officials will keep stats on even if there was a way to measure the frequency , depth of personal withdrawal , etc .
But the phrase seems to have hit a nerve and , so , it reveals a common response to the constant pillaging of society by government and state capitalists .
To the extent there is an emotion driving the phrase 's popularity , I believe it is resentment bordering on rage at the sight of people who were irresponsible or downright corrupt receiving a bottomless sack of money that is stolen from hardworking , honest people who played and worked by the rules .
Only suckers obey the rules these days .
Only thieves get rich .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Monday 23 March 2009 - 14:19:57 - Permalink Sam Konkin III once told me that he was " in search of the Promised Gulch " -- referring , of course , to the state - free Galt 's Gulch from Atlas Shrugged where the producers of society withdraw to form their own community and remove their support from the parasites .
( With his permission , I stole the phrase for an article I wrote oh - so - many years ago . )
SEK3 was not a Randian in any but the loosest sense of the term but Galt 's Gulch is the most anarchistic aspect of AS ; for all practical purposes , it is an anarchist society -- a " society by contract " , as Benjamin Tucker would have put it .
I think SEK3 was charmed by Rand 's depiction of the Gulch ; I imagine him wriggling his toes in anarchistic delight while reading it .
A few days ago , Brad asked if I 'd noticed how often the term " Going Galt " was cropping up on the Internet ... in blogs and columns , letters to editors etc .
( For " Going Galt " the T - shirt , click here . )
I followed up on his comment and , as usual , the guy is right .
As far as I can tell the phrase refers to an individual removing support from the political system as an act of disgust / protest / self - respect ; usually , the withdrawal involves a financial disconnect but it also can involve the decision to withdraw one 's talent and skill -- e.g. not to run a factory any more , not to practice medicine , not to earn money that is snatched away by taxes and " redistributed " .
Rather like a farmer plowing under a field rather than sell at a price that is tantamount to theft .
The phrase does not refer to forming a society .
*
For a lot of us , one of the most exciting milestones in our lives is when we reach that magical age when we ’re finally old enough to buy and consume alcohol– and step foot into a bar for the first time .
America has a longtime love affair with drinking and bars– alcohol seems to be the magic elixir for all our worries , and the hazy comfort of a favorite bar can be like collagen for our souls .
Just seeing all the shiny glasses & colorful bottles lined - up and ready for business is comforting , and seems to put all things in order .
I am not what you ’d call a frequent bar patron anymore– family and priorities have other plans , which is just fine with me .
But when I do get an hour or two to unwind with a friend and a cold one , maybe even catch a great game too– it ’s a very special time to relish .
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
Related TSY Posts :
GREAT AMERICAN HOME IMPROVEMENT THE OLD SCHOOL BASEMENT BAR
BACK TO THE FUTURE | A RETRO HI FI IN A DARK & COZY MAN CAVE
*
The ' life on Mars ' consists of a curry eating slob , a cat - like humanoid , an officious hologram and a sanitation mechanoid .
This spoof April Fool 's footage which sees Red Dwarf 's Cat being ' discovered ' on Mars , celebrates the three episode special ' Red Dwarf : Back to Earth ' , which will air on Dave , ten years after the team 's last appearance on our screens .
Posted on April 21 , 2009 in Uncategorized
So , you can apparently torture without recourse in America :
The Obama administration on Thursday released top secret memos outlining the legal rationale used to justify the CIA ’s torture of terror suspects , but vowed not to prosecute the torturers .
“ It would be unfair to prosecute dedicated men and women working to protect America for conduct that was sanctioned in advance by the Justice Department , ” Attorney General Eric Holder said .
Ten years since the mass killings in Colorado
The Columbine High School Massacre : American Pastoral ... American Berserk
By David North
20 April 2009
Ten years ago today two students at Columbine High School in Jefferson County , Colorado , near Denver , killed 12 fellow students and one teacher , and wounded 23 others , before committing suicide .
The pair , Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , entered the school building armed with rifles , shotguns and handguns ; they had also built 99 improvised explosive devices .
Their original plan , never realized , involved the killing of hundreds or more people .
The nation was legitimately horrified .
Countless editorials and commentaries appeared , as columnists , politicians and psychologists weighed in on the causes of the tragedy .
The mass killings were variously blamed on bullying and school cliques , the “ Goth ” subculture , violent video games , the two students ’ fascination with Hitler ( the event took place on the German fascist leader ’s birthday ) and the easy availability of firearms in the US .
President Bill Clinton described the event as beyond any complete human understanding , citing St. Paul to the effect that “ we all see things in this life through a glass darkly ... we only partly understand what is happening . ”
Clinton ’s remarks were typical of the banality and shallowness of the official response .
No one in the political and media establishment would point a finger at American society and its advanced state of economic , social and moral decay .
Columbine was not the first such episode in America , it had been preceded by a spate of school killings , but its level of violence and homicidal premeditation were unprecedented .
And it was certainly not the last .
In the past decade , the US has witnessed dozens of mass shootings .
In the most deadly , in April 2007 , a student at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg , Virginia , murdered 32 people and wounded 17 others , before killing himself .
The multiple killings have continued under various political constellations in Washington , with either Democrats or Republicans in power in Congress or a Democrat or Republican residing in the White House .
March and April 2009 have proven particularly bloody .
More than 50 people were massacred between March 10 and April 4 in seven episodes , the most deadly of which took place in Binghamton , New York , on April 3 , when a Vietnamese immigrant shot and killed 13 people at an immigration center before turning a gun on himself .
The murder - suicides have not stopped .
On April 6 , a man in northern Alabama facing divorce shot his estranged wife , their teenage daughter and two relatives , before killing himself .
Two days later a 44 - year - old woman shot her 20 - year - old son at point blank range in Casselberry , Florida , before shooting herself .
In Dearborn , Michigan , April 10 , a 28 - year - old student shot a female classmate on the campus of Henry Ford Community College and then killed himself .
Most recently , a man killed his wife and their three young children before fatally shooting himself in Middletown , Maryland .
He left various suicide notes , complaining of psychological issues and financial problems .
The massive economic crisis and the suffering imposed on wide layers of the population are only exacerbating the strains of everyday life .
The new Obama administration is as uncomprehending and indifferent as all its previous counterparts .
While the official commentary shed no light on the Columbine massacre 10 years ago , the World Socialist Web Site did offer an explanation on April 27 , 1999 , centering on the crisis of American society and the growth of US imperialist violence .
We print that comment below .
The article presciently noted that the concentration on “ individual warning signs ” would be of little help “ in preventing further tragedies . ”
Attention , it commented , should rather be focused on “ the social warning signs , ” the signs of “ social and political dysfunction ” in the US that had created the climate for events like the massacre at Columbine High School .
* * *
27 April 1999
Columbine High School appeared to be , at least in the view of its administrators and the county school board , such a lovely place for young people to grow up and learn .
In its official profile , the institution boasted of its “ excellent facilities ” and “ long history of excellence in all areas . ”
Nothing seemed to be lacking — honors and advanced placement classes , foreign language instruction in Spanish , French and German , and an artistic program that included ceramics , sculpture , acting , choir and no less than five bands and one ensemble .
There were even “ Cross - categorical programs for students with significantly limited intellectual capacity . ”
And , of course , there was no shortage of athletics .
“ Stretch for Excellence ” was the motto adopted by the school .
And its mission statement — over which , one must assume , various well - meaning people labored — promised that Columbine High School “ will teach , learn , and model life skills and attitudes that prepare us to : work effectively with people ; show courtesy to others ; prepare for change ; think critically ; act responsibly ; and respect our surroundings . ”
Columbine , with its six guidance counselors , accountability committee , dozens of peer mediators and techniques for “ conflict resolution , ” and an ethos of “ collaborative partnership ” with parents , viewed itself as a “ twenty - first century high school . ”
The surrounding neighborhoods were prosperous , with housing from the low to high six - figures , numerous shopping malls and high - tech workplaces .
But on April 20 , 1999 , Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold walked into Columbine High School armed with assault rifles and pipe bombs .
By the time their bloody rampage was over , they had killed twelve students , one teacher and themselves .
There have been , during the past two years , other school shootings that have resulted in the death of students .
But as terrible as the earlier incidents at Pearl , West Paducah , Jonesboro and Springfield , the carnage at Columbine was of a qualitatively different scope and scale .
Harris and Klebold manufactured dozens of pipe bombs , stashed explosives in the school kitchen , studied the layout and traffic pattern to insure the largest number of victims , and chose Hitler ’s birthday as the date for the attack , in the course of nearly a year of preparation .
Their intention was to kill as many students as possible and blow up the entire school with a propane bomb .
Had they had the opportunity , Harris and Klebold would have continued their rampage beyond the school .
According to the diary that one of the youth left behind , they hoped to hijack an airplane and crash it into the center of New York City .
Only an unexpected encounter with a school guard and the failure of the bomb to explode thwarted their plan .
Harris and Klebold then fled to the school library where they proceeded to select their victims before killing themselves .
What Harris and Klebold did on Tuesday was horrible , brutal and criminal .
But these words are only descriptions of their acts , not explanations .
As usual , the media has nothing to offer by way of analysis .
It is extraordinarily adept at milking the grief of the parents and community for every possible rating dollar .
But those who wish to understand the underlying causes of this tragedy will find nothing of value on the network news .
After a few perfunctory tears for the victims , the media is looking for someone to blame .
The parents , judging from the remarks of state officials , are being singled out as the most likely target for public vengeance .
Perhaps they do bear some level of responsibility , but singling out for exemplary punishment these grief - stricken mothers and fathers — whose own lives have been utterly shattered by what their sons did last week — seems not only cruel , but deceitful and hypocritical .
After all , the parents of Klebold and Harris were not the only ones who failed to recognize and act on signs of the coming disaster .
Columbine High School administrators apparently ignored repeated warnings they received about the boys ’ potential for violence .
This is not an individual failing , but one common to all the major institutions of American society : governments , political parties , corporations , the media , schools , churches and trade unions .
All are essentially oblivious to the mounting social tensions , until they erupt into homicidal violence at a post office , a high school , a McDonald ’s restaurant , a commuter railroad train or inside the US Capitol .
Then these outbreaks are invariably treated , not as a social phenomenon , but as a police problem , to be handled by installing metal detectors , more police , more surveillance cameras , and enlisting the population as collaborators to inform on those with a supposed propensity to violence .
There ’s endless talk about “ parents taking responsibility for their children , ” and of “ children taking responsibility for themselves . ”
But there is nothing said about the responsibility American society has for a tragedy like that which occurred at Columbine .
It is almost grotesque to treat the Columbine HS massacre as merely the product of the breakdown of parental authority and supervision .
Neither parents nor high school guidance counselors are equipped to deal with the societal dysfunction that found such devastating expression in the rampage of Klebold and Harris .
Consider , for a moment , the social outlook of these two youth .
They were admirers of Adolf Hitler , fascinated by fascism ’s racism , its cult of sadistic violence and death and its general contempt for humanity .
And yet , there was nothing particularly Germanic about the views of Harris and Klebold .
In a statement that he posted on his Web site , Harris wrote : “ I am the law , if you do n’t like it you die .
If I do n’t like you or I do n’t like what you want me to do , you die . ”
These sentiments , expressed with a little more polish , sum up the approach of the American government to the rest of the world .
“ Do what we want , or we ’ll destroy you . ”
As we reread the lines of Harris , in the aftermath of the Columbine massacre , we recognize the brutality of a potential killer .
But what , then , are we to see in the words written last Friday by the highly paid and celebrated columnist of the New York Times , Thomas Friedman ? :
“ While there are many obvious downsides to war - from - 15,000 feet , it does have one great strength — its sustainability .
NATO can carry on this sort of air war for a long , long time .
The Serbs need to remember that ....
“ But if NATO ’s only strength is that it can bomb forever , then it has to get every ounce out of that .
Let ’s at least have a real air war ....
It should be lights out in Belgrade : every power grid , water pipe , road and war - related factory has to be targeted .
“ Like it or not , we are at war with the Serbian nation ( they certainly think so ) , and the stakes have to be very clear :
Every week you ravage Kosovo is another decade we will set your country back by pulverizing you .
You want 1950 ?
We can do 1950 .
You want 1389 ?
We can do 1389 too . ”
Harris and Klebold did not have to study Mein Kampf to find special “ inspiration ” for their actions .
The editorials and columns that appear in American newspapers , not to mention the vicious outpourings on talk radio , would do just as well .
And here we come to the crucial paradox that finds expression in their assault on Columbine High .
It is likely that Harris and Klebold viewed themselves as rebels against society .
In this they were quite mistaken .
Certainly , the venue of their action was unconventional .
But the deed itself represented an extreme application of the selfish and inhumane attitudes that are commonplace in American society today .
First , their violent outburst was not conceived of as a response to social injustice .
Rather , Harris and Klebold took revenge against what they perceived as personal slights .
They did not act on behalf of others , but for themselves .
Further , they attacked not a symbol of oppression , but defenseless children and a well - meaning teacher .
And finally , even if one were to accept that these two boys had been harassed at school , the scale of their violence was out of all proportion to the injury they had suffered .
Their aim was not to right a wrong , but to create as much pain and suffering as possible .
What Harris and Klebold did was monstrous .
But does it help to portray them as monsters ?
They were , let us not forget , only teenagers .
Youth is supposedly a time of hope and idealism .
How , then , was it possible that so much hate could be accumulated by these youth in so short a time ?
And not only hate , but utter despair as well .
In their own minds , they had many reasons to kill , but none to live .
They plotted this deed , but were they its only authors ?
They are , in the final analysis , the products of a particular time and place .
However terrible its consequences , the mad rampage of Harris and Klebold has deep social roots .
Of course , the political leaders and the media elite do not care to delve too deeply into the social pathology of this dreadful crime .
It would require that they hold a mirror up to themselves .
Since the Colorado killings , the media is full of commentary from psychologists , ministers , priests , police and experts of all sorts , gravely enumerating the “ warning signs ” that may alert parents to the possibility that their teenage son or daughter may be a potential mass murderer :
Is your child depressed , discouraged , anxious , over - stressed , uncommunicative , disinterested , addicted to computer games , subject to mood swings , getting consistently bad grades , worrying too much about maintaining consistently high grades , etc . ?
At least 75 percent of all American children express one if not more of these characteristics .
In reality , the concentration on individual warning signs will be of little help in preventing further tragedies .
Attention should be focused , rather , on the social warning signs , that is , the indications and indices of social and political dysfunction that create the climate that produces events like the Columbine HS massacre .
Vital indicators of impending disaster might include : growing polarization between wealth and poverty ; atomization of working people and the suppression of their class identity ; the glorification of militarism and war ; the absence of serious social commentary and political debate ; the debased state of popular culture ; the worship of the stock exchange ; the unrestrained celebration of individual success and personal wealth ; the denigration of the ideals of social progress and equality .
What is happening to America ’s kids ?
This is a question posed by Philip Roth in his provocative novel American Pastoral , which tells the story of a family ruined by a teenage daughter ’s dreadful and unexpected act of violence .
“ Something is driving them crazy .
Something has set them against everything .
Something is leading them into disaster . ”
What is that something ?
Look honestly at this society — its political leaders , its religious spokesmen , its corporate CEOs , its military machine , its celebrities , its “ popular ” culture , and , above all , the entire economic system upon which the whole vast superstructure of violence , suffering and hypocrisy is based .
It is there the answer is to be found .
The author also recommends :
The mass shootings in America
[ 7 April 2009 ]
The ports are a major source of income for state governments Venezuela 's military has taken control of key airports and sea ports under the terms of a move rubber - stamped by parliament a week ago .
The move centralises the running of the country 's main transport hubs .
President Hugo Chavez has pushed for the move , describing it as " reunifying the motherland , which was in pieces " .
Critics of Mr Chavez say the plans are unconstitutional , but the National Assembly backed them a week ago , saying they would improve essential services .
State governments in Venezuela have controlled the country 's most important airports , sea ports and major highways since a move towards decentralisation began some 20 years ago , the AFP news agency says .
Many of the facilities seized on Saturday have since then fallen under the jurisdiction of state governments often hostile to Mr Chavez .
Correspondents say the ports provide them with an important source of local revenue - and the removal of this revenue will now make the localities more reliant on central government funding .
Power struggle Soldiers were dispatched to ports in three states governed by Mr Chavez 's opponents on Saturday - Zulia , Carabobo and Nueva Esparta .
They were also moving into Anzoategui , governed by an ally .
Since the government lost a number of key seats , including the mayoralty of Caracas , in local elections last year , there have been regular clashes over jurisdiction between local mayors and the national government .
The latest change to the law came just weeks after Venezuelans voted for a constitutional amendment granting Mr Chavez and other elected officials the right to stand for election beyond the previous limit of two terms .
The socialist leader has indicated on several occasions that he intends to run again for office in 2012 and has talked of remaining in power until 2021 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MIAMI -- Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte Stallworth said he flashed his car 's headlights to warn a pedestrian before fatally striking a man in Miami Beach last month , according to a report released by police .
The report released Tuesday also said the pedestrian , 59 - year - old Mario Reyes , was n't in a crosswalk when Stallworth 's Bentley hit him .
According to the report , Stallworth told officers he flashed his lights to try to warn Reyes , a construction crane operator who was rushing to catch a bus after getting off work around 7:15 a.m. March 14 .
Police said Stallworth was driving about 50 mph in a 40 mph zone .
They are investigating whether alcohol played a role in the accident .
No charges have been filed against Stallworth pending the outcome of blood tests .
A police diagram shows that Reyes was hit in the far left lane of the six - lane MacArthur Causeway -- not in a nearby crosswalk .
Stallworth stopped a few feet away .
Police also released calls from three people who dialed 911 that morning .
The first , a woman , said , " There 's a man laying in the middle of the road . "
The dispatcher asked for her location and a description of the victim .
Then the woman blurted : " He 's dead .
He 's dead ...
He was just laying in the middle of the road .
I think he 's dead . "
When the dispatcher asked what happened , the woman said , " I do n't know , I do n't know , he 's just lying in the middle of the road . "
None of the callers apparently witnessed the accident .
One man , saying he was on his way to work , said he " heard a hit " and then saw Reyes lying in the roadway .
A few moments later , a police officer arrived .
Stallworth 's attorney declined comment Tuesday but has said his client is cooperating with police .
Stallworth last week released a statement saying he was " grief stricken " over the accident .
Stallworth signed a seven - year , $ 35 million contract with the Browns before last season but was injured most of the year .
He was scheduled to receive a $ 4.75 million signing bonus the day before the accident .
Before that , he played for New England , Philadelphia and New Orleans in the NFL and in college for Tennessee .
Welcome to JackHerer.com
Here you will find information about Jack Herer , maintained by Jeannie Herer .
This website is used as a resource to keep you informed about Cannabis Hemp and the relevance it plays in our culture .
Please share your comments to the articles and send us a message using the contact form .
Along with the rest of the country suffering from the mortgage crisis , Detroit has seen more than its fair share of foreclosures .
Coupled with a failing American auto industry , the Motor City has been hit hard by the current recession .
The national rate for home foreclosures is one in 300 , yet Detroit has the highest home foreclosure rate in the country .
Since 2000 , Detroit has lost over 150,000 jobs to downsizing in the auto parts and auto industry .
Michigan also has the highest percentage of subprime mortgages in the US , and the state suffers from the highest unemployment rate in the union .
So how much does a foreclosed home in Detroit cost ?
Two weeks ago , you could buy a home for $ 1 in the city .
Today the lowest price I could find was $ 40 .
That ’s right , you can buy a bank owned home in Detroit for only $ 40 .
Of course , homes for these low prices may have fire damage or boarded up windows , but it is still a house sitting on a lot .
Another shocking statistic from Detroit is that the average price of a home is almost equitable to a year ’s worth of auto insurance .
According to the Macomb Daily :
Because the neighborhoods and housing stock in the city have deteriorated so dramatically , the median sale price for a foreclosed home in Detroit has dipped to $ 7,750 .
At the same time , auto theft , insurance fraud and vehicle burglaries are so rampant that the average car insurance policy carries a price tag of $ 5,072 .
The city ’s morale has dipped so low that only 14 percent of voters turned out for the big mayoral election in February , and two - thirds of children drop out of high school .
What could we do to boost moral in Detroit ?
We could buy up foreclosed homes and lots and turn them into green urban spaces .
By turning foreclosed homes into nature preserves and parks , Detroit could undergo a green urban renewal that would mitigate environmental damage the auto industry has done and improve the health of its citizens .
Recent studies have also shown how inner city children that grow up in neighborhoods full of green spaces grow up healthier and happier :
This study ’s findings align with previous research linking exposure to green landscapes with health improvements .
Among adults , greenness is associated with less stress and lower [ body mass index ] , improved self - reported health and shorter post - operative recovery periods .
Among children and youth , the positive health effects of green landscapes include improved cognitive functioning and reduced attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms .
Another study has shown that crime rates go up in cities when the landscape is barren of nature .
Turning foreclosed homes into parks , wildlife sanctuaries , and urban gardens could be just what the Motor City needs to revitalize itself .
Considering the price of these foreclosed homes , it would be affordable for any grassroots organization to undertake .
I volunteer to buy a home and donate to any group willing to take on this challenge .
Image : Realtor.com
Sign on to demand non-partisan special counsel , immediate prosecution of Bush , Cheney and other former senior administration officials ...
David Swanson Byon 2/26/2009 , 6:05 am PT
Guest Blogged by David Swanson of After Downing Street
Only in America can elected officials go on TV and confess to felonies ( including torture and warrantless spying , not to mention aggressive war ) and the resulting debate focus around the question of whether investigating the " possibility " of wrong - doing would be too radical .
This week a coalition of dozens of human rights groups including the Center for Constitutional Rights , the National Lawyers Guild , and the Society of American Law Teachers released a statement , as drafted by The Robert Jackson Steering Committee , cutting to the chase .
It reads in its entirety :
We urge Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a non-partisan independent Special Counsel to immediately commence a prosecutorial investigation into the most serious alleged crimes of former President George W. Bush , former Vice President Richard B. Cheney , the attorneys formerly employed by the Department of Justice whose memos sought to justify torture , and other former top officials of the Bush Administration .
Our laws , and treaties that under Article VI of our Constitution are the supreme law of the land , require the prosecution of crimes that strong evidence suggests these individuals have committed .
Both the former president and the former vice president have confessed to authorizing a torture procedure that is illegal under our law and treaty obligations .
The former president has confessed to violating the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
We see no need for these prosecutions to be extraordinarily lengthy or costly , and no need to wait for the recommendations of a panel or " truth " commission when substantial evidence of the crimes is already in the public domain .
We believe the most effective investigation can be conducted by a prosecutor , and we believe such an investigation should begin immediately .
I wrote this statement with some helpful tweaks from colleagues and have been screaming the same basic message for about three years , but I sense more than ever right now that more ears are open to it .
While actually enforcing laws and " getting tough on crime " is now considered the radical leftist position and a " truth " commission the reasonable compromise , it is clear that a bipartisan commission would create the bipartisan bickering our elected officials are so eager to avoid .
It would also , in Senator Patrick Leahy 's view , investigate the complicity of Democrats as well as Republicans in the crimes of the past 8 years , thus guaranteeing that neither Democrats nor Republicans will support it .
If Congress can't take the heat and wo n't even enforce its own subpoenas , it should leave well enough alone .
Statutes of limitations are running out fast , and we do n't have time for another commission .
If President Obama wants to distance himself from enforcing the law , he can do what he is supposed to do and leave the matter in the hands of Eric Holder .
And if Attorney General Holder wants distance he can do what is required and appoint a truly independent prosecutor .
Doing so would please the following organizations .
More are signing on every hour , and both organizations and individuals can sign on at ProsecuteBushCheney.org .
Signatorees , as of 2/25/09 , include ...
Alan Milburn , the former Health Secretary and the chairman of the Panel , said : " It is shocking that despite the best efforts of many professions they seem to have become more not less socially exclusive .
SAFETY AT ALL COSTS
We had an abandoned quarry not far from where I grew up .
When I was 14 or so , a bunch of us pooled our cash and bought an old dirt bike so that we might enjoy concussions and fractures in this perfect venue .
None of our parents seemed to mind ; in fact , some wondered if we were n't acting a little girly , what with our wearing advanced safety equipment like " helmets " and " shoes " .
As Joanne Jacobs reports , times have changed :
Children learn to cope with the world through outdoor activities , writes a British educator .
But adult fears are restricting children 's ability to explore the world .
And they 're not any safer as a result .
Please discuss , parents : are you more safety - inclined than were your parents ?
And what insane risks did you take as kids that would now induce rage and fear if repeated by your children ?
UPDATE .
Disabled veteran Mike Weatherford tells his harrowing ( and charming ) childhood story :
I 've fallen out of trees , cut my foot on broken glass , carved my own fingers while whittling , and even once jammed a piece of barbed wire completely through my bare foot .
I 've been stung by scorpions and just about every kind of bee and wasp that lives in Louisiana .
I stepped into a yellow jacket nest when I was sixteen , and was stung so many times my parents were afraid I 'd go into shock ...
Through all the wildness , the craziness , the escape from adult supervision , and ' learning the hard way ' , I lived , and lived well , as a child .
Posted by Tim Blair at November 30 , 2004 02:27 AM
TechCrunch , although being very pro-Apple , has spotted the fakeness behind the countdown timer for Apple ’s App Store Billion Apps countdown .
That ’s not a countdown for a billion apps developed but for a billion apps downloaded from the App Store .
So , how is it fake ?
Very simple .
As TC pointed out , Apple has ‘ predicted ’ ( assumed / lied would be a better words ) , that the billionth app would be downloaded at 1:24:06 AM PST on April 23 .
This can be confirmed if you readjust your computer ’s clock to any time after the one mentioned in bold , you ’ll be greeted with this :
The counter will also jump ahead if you increase the time on your computer ’s clock to a time near the the billionth app download time .
While , there is also a mention of the time being tweaked in this file , it does n’t change the fact that Apple is predetermining the time , and hence this is another example of the Reality Distortion Field being executed brilliantly to fool millions of users .
Oh , and a somewhat ridiculous statement by MG Siegler in that blog post :
Not that it ’s all that surprising .
After all , with so many apps being sold every second , can you really expect Apple to do anything other than estimate ?
I can simple assume that MG is unaware of Web Analytics .
I would n’t expect such an immature assumption by an experienced blogger , unless he is a fan boy blinded by RDF .
Oh wait ..
So , there you go folks .
Apple is doing it yet once again .
HONG KONG 
What to call the new strain of flu raising alarms around the world has taken on political , economic and diplomatic overtones .
Pork producers question whether the term " swine flu " is appropriate , given that the new virus has not yet been isolated in samples taken from pigs in Mexico or elsewhere .
While the new virus seems to be most heavily composed of genetic sequences from swine influenza virus material , it also has human and avian influenza genetic sequences as well , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta .
Government officials in Thailand , one of the world ’s largest meat exporters , have started referring to the disease as “ Mexican flu . ”
An Israeli deputy health minister  an ultra-Orthodox Jew  said his country would do the same , to keep Jews from having to say the word “ swine . ”
However , his call seemed to have been largely ignored .
Janet Napolitano , the secretary for homeland security , and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack went out of their way at a press conference in Washington on Tuesday to refer to the virus by its scientific name , as the " H1N1 virus . "
Comedian Jay Leno hosts the 30th Carousel of Hope gala in Beverly Hills , California October 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - Detroit , a long - suffering late - night punchline and one of the U.S. cities hardest hit by the recession , is in line for some comic relief courtesy of Jay Leno .
The host of NBC’s “ The Tonight Show with Jay Leno ” announced on his late - night talk show Monday that he would host an April 7 benefit in the city , devastated by the near - collapse of its auto industry and crumbling housing prices .
People who say they are unemployed -- about one in eight in the state say they are -- can get four free tickets to the show billed as “ Jay ’s Comedy Stimulus Plan . ”
Sponsors , including soft drink and food maker PepsiCo , are chipping in to offset the cost of free soft drinks and parking at The Palace arena of Auburn Hills , which is home to the Detroit Pistons professional basketball team .
“ I like Detroit .
I think it gets a bad rap , ” Leno told Reuters .
“ Most people do n’t have money to spend , or waste , on entertainment .
So the idea is come out -- everything ’s free -- and get your mind off your troubles for an hour and a half . ”
Leno , a celebrated car buff , said he thought unionized autoworkers and Detroit ’s car makers had been unfairly singled out for criticism amid a downturn that has leveled the whole auto industry .
“ There is a whole generation of people that have a snide attitude about American cars .
Maybe that was deserved in the 70s and 80s , but certainly not in the last 10 years , ” he said .
Leno said he thought both General Motors Corp and Chrysler LLC would survive after turning to the U.S. government for a bailout that has kept them in business .
“ We love to kick ourselves in the ass in this country .
I do n’t know why , ” Leno said .
“ GM has been the biggest for so long , people think they would like to see it fall until they realize -- uh - oh , you are GM . ”
A protest is due to be held outside of Broadcasting House A protest is to be held outside the BBC's London HQ over its refusal to broadcast a charity appeal for Gaza .
The BBC says it cannot show the appeal by the Disasters Emergency Committee because it does not want to compromise its commitment to impartiality .
But health minister Ben Bradshaw , a former BBC journalist , said it was " an inexplicable decision " and that the reasons given were " completely feeble " .
Veteran politician Tony Benn will be at the protest at Broadcasting House .
The Disasters Emergency Committee - an umbrella organisation for several major aid charities - wanted to run TV and radio appeals to help raise funds for people in need of food , shelter and medicines as a result of Israel 's military action in the Palestinian area .
I 'm afraid the BBC has to stand up to the Israeli authorities occasionally
Ben Bradshaw
Health minister
ITV and Sky have also said they will not show the appeal , with an ITV spokesman saying that no consensus could be reached .
The government has already asked the BBC to reconsider its position .
The International Development Secretary Douglas Alexander had urged all the broadcasters to reconsider this decision in light of what he called " the great human suffering still taking place in Gaza " .
But BBC Director - General Mark Thompson wrote back saying the appeal might jeopardise the public 's confidence in the BBC 's impartiality .
The BBC 's chief operating officer , Caroline Thomson , said it had to be " very careful " over the broadcast of such appeals .
' Impartiality ' " It 's important to remember that broadcasting appeals like this is a unique thing we do , " she said .
" And we have to be very clear about two things when we do it - firstly , that that money will go to the people it 's intended for .
" But secondly , that we can do it within our own editorial principles and without affecting and impinging on the audience 's perception of our impartiality .
" And clearly - in conflicts as controversial as this - that is a real issue for us . "
Mr Bradshaw said the BBC 's reasoning was flawed .
" First , the one about delivery - the British government is giving £ 25 m to Gazan relief , we do n't have a problem getting it in .
There 's no reason why there should be any problem getting the relief in .
" Secondly , this nervousness about being biased .
I 'm afraid the BBC has to stand up to the Israeli authorities occasionally . "
Mr Benn will address the pro-Palestinian rally called by the Stop the War Coalition , and is expected to say the BBC 's refusal is a " betrayal " of its obligations .
' Disgraceful decision ' Mr Benn will say : " The decision of the BBC to refuse to broadcast a national humanitarian appeal for Gaza , which has left aid agencies with a potential shortfall of millions of pounds in donations , is a betrayal of the obligation which it owes as a public service .
" To deny the help that the aid agencies and the UN need at this moment in time is incomprehensible and it follows the bias in BBC reporting of this crisis , which has been widely criticised .
Disasters Emergency Committee Gaza humanitarian appeal : Launched by UK charities on 22 January to raise money for Gaza aid relief and reconstruction Participants : Action Aid , British Red Cross , Cafod , Care International , Christian Aid , Concern Worldwide , Help the Aged , Islamic Relief , Merlin , Oxfam , Save the Children , Tearfund , World Vision Tel : 0370 60 60 900 or go to DEC website " I appeal to the chairman of the BBC Trust to intervene to reverse this decision to save the lives of those who are now in acute danger of dying through a lack of food , fuel , water and medical supplies . "
Mohammed Sawalha , president of the British Muslim Initiative , said turning down the appeal was a " disgraceful decision " .
He added : " The BBC should be ashamed for its coverage of the Israeli aggression which failed to address the catastrophic suffering on the Palestinian side , and now it 's concerned about its impartiality .
" Never was the BBC impartial throughout this crisis " .
Following Mr Benn 's speech , the demonstrators intend to march to Trafalgar Square via Downing Street .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ’m no stranger to wildland fires .
Longtime readers may recall that my own home had the threat of wildfires here in Chico , California this past summer , as did many Butte County residents who not only were threatened , but lost homes .
View from my home on June 16th , 2008
The recent fires in Australia and the loss of life and property were apparently compounded by a draconian policy that prevented people who lived in the fire threat zones from cutting trees and brush near their properties .
We witnessed something equally tragic in Lake Tahoe fire in 2007 , owing to similar eco driven government stupidity forcing heavy handed policies there .
Residents could n’t get permits to cut down brush and trees , the result was a firestorm of catastrophic proportions .
A family in Australia saw the threat , decided on civil disobedience , cleared a firebreak , and got fined $ 50,000 .
They feel vindicated now , because their house is one of the few in Reedy Creek , Victoria , still standing , the only one in a two kilometer radius .
Good for them .
The quote from the homeowner that is the title of this entry really does say it all .
Here ’s the story from The Sydney Morning Herald .
Fined for illegal clearing , family now feel vindicated
Richard Baker and Nick McKenzie
February 12 , 2009 – 12:03AM
They were labelled law breakers , fined $ 50,000 and left emotionally and financially drained .
But seven years after the Sheahans bulldozed trees to make a fire break — an act that got them dragged before a magistrate and penalised — they feel vindicated .
Their house is one of the few in Reedy Creek , Victoria , still standing .
The Sheahans ’ 2004 court battle with the Mitchell Shire Council for illegally clearing trees to guard against fire , as well as their decision to stay at home and battle the weekend blaze , encapsulate two of the biggest issues arising from the bushfire tragedy .
Do Victoria ’s native vegetation management policies need a major overhaul ?
And should families risk injury or death by staying home to fight the fire rather than fleeing ?
Anger at government policies stopping residents from cutting down trees and clearing scrub to protect their properties is already apparent .
“ We ’ve lost two people in my family because you dickheads wo n’t cut trees down , ” Warwick Spooner told Nillumbik Mayor Bo Bendtsen at a meeting on Tuesday night .
Although Liam Sheahan ’s 2002 decision to disregard planning laws and bulldoze 250 trees on his hilltop property hurt his family financially and emotionally , he believes it helped save them and their home on the weekend .
“ The house is safe because we did all that , ” he said as he pointed out his kitchen window to the clear ground where tall gum trees once cast a shadow on his house .
“ We have got proof right here .
We are the only house standing in a two - kilometre area . ”
At least seven houses and several sheds on neighbouring properties along Thompson - Spur road in Reedy Creek were destroyed by Saturday night ’s blaze .
Saving their home was no easy task .
At 2 pm on Saturday , Mr Sheahan saw the nearby hills ablaze .
He knew what lay ahead when the predicted south - westerly change came .
The family of four had discussed evacuation but decided their property was defensible , due largely to their decision to clear a fire break .
It also helped that Mr Sheahan , his son Rowan and daughter Kirsten were all experienced members of the local CFA .
“ We prayed and we worked bloody hard .
Our house was lit up eight times by the fire as the front passed , ” Mr Sheahan said .
“ The elements off our TV antenna melted .
We lost a Land Rover , two Subarus , a truck and trailer and two sheds . ”
Mr Sheahan is still angry about his prosecution , which cost him $ 100,000 in fines and legal fees .
The council ’s planning laws allow trees to be cleared only when they are within six metres of a house .
Mr Sheahan cleared trees up to 100 metres away from his house .
“ The council stood up in court and made us to look like the worst , wanton environmental vandals on the earth .
We ’ve got thousands of trees on our property .
We cleared about 247 , ” he said .
He said the royal commission on the fires must result in changes to planning laws to allow land owners to clear trees and vegetation that pose a fire risk .
“ Both the major parties are pandering to the Greens for preferences and that is what is causing the problem .
Common sense is n’t that common these days , ” Mr Sheahan said .
Melbourne University bushfire expert Kevin Tolhurst gave evidence to help the Sheahan family in their legal battle with the council .
“ Their fight went over nearly two years .
The Sheahans were victimised .
It was n’t morally right , ” he said yesterday .
Dr Tolhurst told the Seymour Magistrates court that Mr Sheahan ’s clearing of the trees had reduced the fire risk to his house from extreme to moderate .
“ That their house is still standing is some natural justice for the Sheahans , ” he said .
He said council vegetation management rules required re-writing .
He also called on the State Government to provide clearer guidelines about when families should stay and defend their property .
Houses in fire - prone areas should be audited by experts to advise owners whether their property is defensible , Dr Tolhurst said .
Mr Sheahan said he wanted others to learn from his experience and offered an invitation for Government ministers to visit his property .
He would also like his convictions overturned and fines repaid .
“ It would go a long way to making us feel better about the system .
But I do n’t think it will happen . ”
This story was found at : http://www.smh.com.au/national/fined-for-illegal-clearing-family-now-feel-vindicated-20090212-85bd.html
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Canada geese got into both engines of US Airways Flight 1549 and forced the plane to ditch into the Hudson River last month , the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday .
Surveillance video shows passengers of US Airways Flight 1549 hurrying onto the plane 's wings .
more photos »
The flight crew of the Airbus A320 put the plane down gently on the river , which separates New York from New Jersey , after the bird ingestion caused both engines to lose power on January 15 .
All 155 people aboard survived .
Adult Canada geese weigh between 5.8 and 10.7 pounds , although birds from resident populations rather than migratory populations can be heavier .
The plane 's CFM56 - 5B / P turbofan engines were certified in 1996 as being able to withstand bird ingestion of 4 pounds .
The NTSB said last week that both engines contained the remains of birds , confirming the pilots ' report that the engines shut down after colliding with birds less than two minutes after taking off from from New York 's LaGuardia Airport .
Material from both engines was sent to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington for identification of the bird species .
Investigators have not yet determined how many birds hit the jet 's engines .
The plane 's flight data recorder " revealed no anomalies or malfunctions in either engine up to the point where the captain reported a bird strike , after which there was an uncommanded loss of thrust in both engines , " the NTSB said last week .
All About Hudson River • U.S. National Transportation Safety Board • LaGuardia Airport
Thrive Learning Institute | Why Join Thrive Learning ?
Thrive Learning Institute empowers individuals , organizations and businesses to create , buy and sell merchandise online using Thrive Learning Institute 's unique e-commerce services .
[ / caption ]
Astronomers have now been able to see the very early stages of a gamma ray burst , thanks to the Swift satellite .
The Ultraviolet / Optical Telescope ( UVOT ) on board the satellite provided an ultraviolet spectrum of a GRB just 251 seconds after its onset – the earliest ever captured .
Further use of the instrument in this way will also allow distance and brightness of GRBs to be calculated within a few hundred seconds of their initial outburst , as well as gather new information about the causes of bursts and the galaxies they originate from .
“ The UVOT ’s wavelength range , coupled with the fact that Swift is a space observatory with a speedy response rate , unconstrained by time of day or weather , has allowed us to collect this early ultraviolet spectrum , ” said Martin Still from the Mullard Space Science Laboratory ( MSSL ) at UCL .
“ By looking at these earlier moments of gamma ray bursts , ” said Paul Kuin , another member of the team , “ we will not only be able to better calculate things such as the luminosity and distance of a burst , but to find out more about the galaxies that play host to them and the impact these explosions have on their environments .
Once this new technique is applied to much brighter bursts , we ’ll have a wealth of new data . ”
Massimiliano De Pasquale , a GRB scientist of the UVOT team , added , “ The UVOT instrument is particularly suited to study bursts with an average to high redshift – a part of the ultraviolet spectrum that is difficult for even the very big ground - based telescopes to study .
Using UVOT with Swift , we can now find redshifts for bursts that were difficult to capture in the past and find out more about their distant host galaxies , about ten billion light years away . ”
Since its launch in 2004 , the Swift satellite has provided the most comprehensive study so far of GRBs and their afterglows .
Using the UVOT to obtain ultraviolet spectrums , the Swift team will be able to build on this study and even determine more about the host galaxies ’ chemistry .
Paul Kuin said , “ The new spectrum has not only allowed us to determine the distance of the gamma ray burst ’s host galaxy but has revealed the density of its hydrogen clouds .
Learning more about these far - away galaxies helps us to understand how they formed during the early universe .
The gamma ray burst observed on this occasion originated in a galaxy 8 billion light years from Earth . ”
Swift is a NASA mission in collaboration with the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) in the UK and the Italian Space Agency ( ASI ) .
The work was published on Friday 27th February in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical society .
Source : Science and Technology Facilities Council
Like a used car , must a groom take his bride " as is " – with no warranty implied as to the woman 's chastity ?
That was the question at the heart of a legal case that recently worked its way through the French courts .
The drama began on a Muslim couple 's wedding night .
Apparently , the bride was n't the virgin the groom thought she was .
He immediately brought suit to annul the marriage on the grounds that his wife 's virginity was an essential condition of the marriage .
French contract law states that if one of the parties to a contract is mistaken as to some essential element , then the contract is void .
The question was whether the woman 's virginity was an essential element of the marriage contract .
If it was , then the contract could be annulled .
If it was not , then the couple was validly married .
As neither party objected , the trial judge saw no harm in granting the annulment .
He failed to foresee the media storm that would ensue .
Prominent members of the French government , including the dynamic minister of justice , Rachida Dati , were outraged .
She ordered the government to intervene and appeal the decision .
French law permits the government to become a party to any case in which French public policy is at issue .
A woman 's right to choose her first lover suddenly became a matter of public policy .
The decision of the trial judge quickly reached the appeals court , which reversed the judgment .
At the appeals court , the husband changed his argument , saying that although he had hoped for a virgin wife , her chastity was not indispensable .
It was her integrity that mattered .
He claimed she lied to him and that truthfulness was an essential condition to a marriage .
Mutual confidence and sincerity were , he argued , essential conditions of matrimony .
Her deception concerning her virginity meant that he had not knowingly consented to the marriage .
His wife told a different story .
She denied deceiving her future husband about her past .
The subject of her virginity , she said , had never come up .
Still , she agreed to an annulment because her husband lacked the intent to show her the respect required by the marriage vows , and that this was an essential condition to the marriage .
The government argued that the wife 's virginity was not an essential condition because her unchaste past has no effect on married life .
The judges agreed .
Even if she had lied , they said , it did not matter , as a woman 's lies about her past love affairs are not matters essential to her married life .
In short , a woman 's past is her own .
The court 's legal analysis was one of " let the buyer beware , " as though the groom were claiming to have purchased damaged goods .
His mistaken belief about his bride 's virginity could not , the court said , nullify his purchase .
As a 19th century English judge put it , " on the sale of a specific article , unless there be a warranty making it part of the bargain that it possesses some particular quality , the purchaser must take the article he has bought , though it does not possess that quality . "
French law now holds that a groom receives no warranty as to his bride 's chastity .
This case followed an equally dramatic one last year in which the French Supreme Court denied citizenship to a Moroccan woman because of the clothes she wore .
In the eyes of the judges , her choice of a burqa and symbolized inferiority .
( I am representing her appeal to the European Court of Human Rights . )
What conclusions can be drawn from these cases ?
They do not involve traditional arguments of equal pay , equal access , or discrimination .
They go beyond mere legal equality to show concern for a woman 's status in society .
Yet the concern comes at the cost of imposing values not accepted by a portion of the French population .
It is no coincidence that the parties to both cases were Muslims .
Denying citizenship to a Muslim woman on the basis of the clothes she wears is at best a doubtful use of state power .
The appellate court 's limpid edict that a woman 's past has no impact on her married life tries to impose a factual reality by a legal fiction .
What does seem clear is that the Muslim presence in France is having an important impact on the development of French law .
• Ronald Sokol is a lawyer in Aix - en - Provence who practices across France .
He taught at the University of Virginia Law School and is the author of " Justice after Darwin " and other books and articles .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - American International Group Inc , which was rescued twice last year by the U.S. government , is in talks with authorities for more aid as it looks to post its largest - ever quarterly loss , a source familiar with the matter said on Monday .
AIG is expected to post a roughly $ 60 billion fourth - quarter loss , the source said .
The loss would be among the largest in corporate history , exceeding Time Warner ’s $ 54 billion loss in 2002 and dwarfing the $ 24.5 billion loss AIG posted in the third quarter , when the government increased its rescue package for the troubled insurer to about $ 150 billion .
The latest round of talks with the government include the possibility of additional funds for the insurer and trading debt for equity , another source said .
The situation is fluid and other options are being discussed , this second source said , adding that it was unclear where the talks would lead .
AIG may also look to convert preferred shares held by the government into common stock , Bloomberg reported , citing an unnamed source .
The discussions are going on as U.S. authorities try to put out financial crisis fires on other fronts as well .
Citigroup
Inc , whose stock has been pounded by fears that the government may seize the bank and wipe out shareholders , is also in talks to give the government a larger stake , a person familiar with the matter told Reuters .
CNBC , which first reported AIG ’s discussions , said the losses to be announced next Monday were due to writedowns on commercial real estate and other assets .
It said the insurer ’s board will meet next Sunday to work out an agreement with the government .
In case they do not reach a deal , AIG ’s lawyers at Weil , Gotshal & Manges LLP were preparing for the possibility of bankruptcy , CNBC said .
But the first source told Reuters that while AIG has retained Weil Gotshal , the insurer has no plans to file for bankruptcy .
AIG said in a statement it had not yet reported results and would provide an update when it does so in the near future .
“ We continue to work with the U.S. government to evaluate potential new alternatives for addressing AIG ’s financial challenges , ” AIG said .
U.S. Treasury officials declined to comment .
Weil could not be reached immediately for comment .
The logo of American International Group ( AIG ) is seen at their offices in New York , September 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
AIG shares closed down 1 cent to 53 cents on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday .
AIG was first rescued in September after bad mortgage bets left it on the verge of collapse .
The government stepped in with $ 85 billion in bailout financing , as the credit crisis peaked with Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc filing for bankruptcy and Merrill Lynch agreeing to be bought by Bank of America Corp .
The rescue swelled in November as AIG posted its then largest - ever loss , hurt by writedowns on assets linked to subprime mortgages and capital losses .
The Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury stepped in with even more money to buy mortgage assets that had left AIG deeply in the red , and eased the terms of its loan repayment .
AIG has said it plans to sell all assets except its U.S. property and casualty business , foreign general insurance , and an ownership interest in some foreign life operations , as it looks to raise money to pay back the government .
( Editing by Richard Chang , Jeffrey Benkoe and Tim Dobbyn )
In a cosy sound - proof recording studio , housed in a decrepit building in central Tehran , Felakat lounges on a chair , surrounded by sound mixers .
Sporting a tousled black shirt and a rumpled - and - spiky hairstyle – popular as " Tintin style " in the local barber 's parlance – this Persian rapper could pass for a punk icon .
" I devoted my life to rap when I was just 15 , " says the 27 - year - old whose stage name means " miserable " in Farsi .
" Rap is my god . "
ButFelakat is well aware of the perils of indulging in rap music as a profession .
The music is forbidden in Iran .
Rappers replicate American accents , indulge in obscene lyrical content and often use female leads or background voices – all symbols of Western decadence to the authorities .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Despite the restrictions , Felakat and countless other rap musicians are the demigods of Iran 's " underground " music scene – an expression that applies to any group which fails to obtain a recording license from the Culture Ministry .
In a country where 70 per cent of the population is under 32 , society is strongly influenced by the young .
Felakat is aware of his appeal .
He coyly admits his female fanbase has " become fanatical " since the release of " Nazgol , " his first hit track , themed on love and fidelity , last March .
" I 've had to change my mobile phone number twice , " he grins .
With the introduction of satellite television in Iran in the early 1990s – also illegal – hip - hop found an explosive following and eventually the fans began to create their own version .
Another group , Zedbazi , introduced gangster rap withtheir song " Mehmooni , " or " In the Club " .
The most famous rapper , Soroush Lashkari , who boasts the nickname Hich Kas – or Nobody – is thought of as the " father of Persian rap " .
And , astonishingly in a country where singing is banned for women , female rappers also dot the landscape .
The first of the female hip - hop and rap artists was Salome , who lives in Tehran and focuses on social issues such as the miseries of the war in Iraq and prostitution .
Given the restrictions , one of the main ways for Iranian rappers to get their music out both locally and globally is via the internet .
Many websites – such as www.rap98.com and www.parshiphop.com – make downloading it easy .
There may be fame , but there 's little money in the business because of tight regulations .
Most CD shop owners refuse to sell underground music , fearing raids – if caught , they face imprisonment and hefty fines .
Concerts in private gatherings are sometimes cancelled because of threats from ad - hoc neighbourhood Islamic vigilantes .
In March last year , the government filtered a number of underground music websites .
Last April , some rappers were incarcerated , their recording studios raided and shut down .
Felakat was also arrested and later released on bail .
Mohammad Dashtgoli , of the Culture Ministry , which is responsible for vetting music " in accordance with Islam , " said : " There is nothing wrong with this type of music in itself .
But due to the use of obscene words rap has been categorised as illegal . "
But " .S " has composed up to 100 Persian songs , 80 of which are rap .
Only two of them have clearance from the ministry .
" If we adhere to their red lines , rap will be ruined , " he says .
But he is hopeful that rap music will go overground one day in Iran .
" The youth are the majority , and they can't ignore their aspirations , " he says .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 30 , 2009
According to the Independent , “ extremist and anarchist groups ” are handing out literature ahead of London ’s G20 summit instructing demonstrators on how best to confront and attack the police .
The online pamphlets suggest certain groups are advising their followers on how to beat the police should things turn rough .
One document , called “ Guide to Public Order Situations ” , explains how to breach lines of riot police using a “ snow plough ” human formation ; throw rape alarms to make it hard for the police to give orders ; resist baton and horse charges using nets ; and “ de- arrest ” seized protesters .
Anarchists plan to attack police in London and thus discredit legitimate protests aimed at the global bankers and their engineered economic crisis .
“ We want to see resistance on the street on Wednesday .
If the police are ready for you , go and fight them .
If they ’re not , give them a surprise , ” a supposed anarchist told marchers at Hyde Park .
“ G20 protesters are circulating detailed pamphlets advising people on how to win street battles against riot police and what to do if arrested , ” write Jerome Taylor and Kunal Dutta , “ The vast majority of protests are likely to be peaceful but the Metropolitan Police claims extremist and anarchist groups might resort to violence . ”
In other words , “ extremist and anarchist ” violence will be used by police as an excuse to attack non-violent demonstrators .
MP George Galloway accused the London Metropolitan Police of engaging in “ a deliberate conspiracy to bring about scenes of violent disorder ” during Bush ’s visit in June of 2006 .
In a letter to the Home Secretary , Galloway detailed incitements that an officer made towards police and how the man encouraged other protesters to charge baton - wielding officers and hurl projectiles at them .
“ Several protesters were kept in custody and were later charged with offenses including affray , violent disorder , assaulting police and possession of an offensive weapon , ” Steve Watson wrote at the time .
Police instigated “ anarchist ” violence is a favored tactic of governments around the world .
In December of 2008 , a Greek television show revealed how Greek police posed as anarchists and destroyed property .
In 2007 , agents provocateurs attempted to incite violence in Montebello , Canada , during a peaceful protest against a Prosperity Partnership summit .
A video and photographs later revealed the so - called anarchists were wearing the same military boots as the police .
Other documented instances of agents provocateurs used against peaceful protests occurred in Seattle in 1999 at the World Trade Organization meeting , at the WTO protests in Genoa , Italy , and during protests in Miami in late November 2003 .
Italian police “ beat the shit ” out of protesers as suggested by former Italian President Francesco Cossiga .
Last year , former Italian President Francesco Cossiga said the Italian government should deal with widespread demonstrations by students and teachers over a cut in state funding of education by “ beat the shit out of the protesters . ”
Cossiga is one of the founders of the Operation GLADIO covert intelligence unit .
GLADIO has a long and sordid history of blowing up train stations and engaging in random murder and blaming the violence on leftist political groups .
The reason for this staged violence “ was quite simple , ” explained GLADIO agent Vincezo Vinciguerra in sworn court testimony .
“ They were supposed to force these people , the Italian public , to turn to the state to ask for greater security .
This is the political logic that lies behind all the massacres and the bombings which remain unpunished , because the state cannot convict itself or declare itself responsible for what happened . ”
In likewise fashion the G20 — shorthand for the finance ministers and central bank governors of the leading 20 world economies — may need to portray overwhelmingly peaceful protesters opposed to the policies of IMF , World Bank , the European Central bank and other bankster dominated criminal organizations as violent terrorists .
In order to fill London ’s streets with police and impose a state of “ heightened security , ” British authorities on Monday said they questioned five people suspected of possessing bomb - making equipment , according to the UPI .
“ Officers , acting under the Terrorism Act , said their raids turned up real weapons , fake weapons and materials espousing ‘ political ideology ’ during a house search , the Daily Mail said . ”
“ Britain already is at a ‘ severe ’ level of alert , meaning security officials believe an attack is highly likely .
Bankers are being warned to dress casually — to deflect populist anger aimed their way — and luxury hotels are securing their perimeters for fear they could be targeted , ” reports the Associated Press .
Michael Clarke , the head of London ’s Royal United Services Institute think - tank , said small terrorist groups may use the cover of planned protests by environmentalists , anti-war protesters and labor unions to mount an attack …
Following November ’s seaborne attack on Mumbai , India ’s financial center , extra patrol boats will guard the steel gray waters of the River Thames , and police frogmen will scour the river ’s length for floating bombs .
In December , former Pakistani ISI chief Hamid Gul told Alex Jones he believes the Mumbai attacks were an inside job along the lines of the 9/11 inside job .
“ Gul joins a raft of former government officials and intelligence heads in questioning 9/11 , the most recent of which was former Italian President Francesco Cossiga , who last December said that the attacks were carried out by elements of the CIA and Mossad , ” writes Paul Joseph Watson .
Cossiga should know .
As noted above , he is one of the founders of the GLADIO terrorist group .
[ efoods ]
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
LONDON --
The slowdown in investment in oil and gas production could lop off nearly eight million barrels a day of future oil supply growth , setting the stage for another big crude price surge in years to come , according to a new study .
The global credit crisis and falling oil prices have squeezed oil companies ' finances and forced many to cut capital spending and postpone projects .
That could have big implications for supply when the global recession ends and demand for energy recovers , the report by Cambridge Energy Research ...
10 . Jazz Jackrabbit
Jazz Jackrabbit was a popular side - scrolling 2D platform game developed by Epic Megagames in 1994 .
In this game you had to control Jazz , a green rabbit looking like a cross of Rambo and Bugs Bunny .
From Wikipedia : Jazz Jackrabbit was created by Cliff Bleszinski and Arjan Brussee , and inspired by classic console games such as Super Mario Bros. , Mega Man , and especially the fast - paced Sonic the Hedgehog .
As a result , its console - style vibrant graphics and speedy gameplay made it somewhat novel as a PC game .
PC Format magazine named Jazz Jackrabbit " Arcade Game of the Year " , and it was popular enough to spawn two sequels , Jazz Jackrabbit 2 and the Game Boy Advance game Jazz Jackrabbit Advance .
Three thousand years after the events of Aesop 's " The Tortoise and the Hare " , the enmity between tortoises and hares continues .
Jazz Jackrabbit visits various planets to save Princess Eva Earlong and the rabbits ' homeworld , Carrotus , from the megalomaniacal Devan Shell and his army of Turtle Terrorists .
The eponymous hero is a bright green rabbit or hare with a red bandana .
9. Volkswagen Rabbit
The next rabbit is only a rabbit in certain countries , but after 35 years on the market , it seems like a rabbit that has worked itself into pop culture .
From Wikipedia :
The Volkswagen Golf is a compact car / small family car manufactured by Volkswagen since 1974 and marketed worldwide across six generations , in various body configurations and under various nameplates -- prominently as the Volkswagen Rabbit in the United States and Canada ( Mk1 and Mk5 ) , and as the Volkswagen Caribe in Mexico ( Mk1 ) .
The front - wheel drive Golf was Volkswagen 's first successful replacement for the air - cooled Volkswagen Beetle .
Historically , it is Volkswagen 's best - selling model and the world 's third best - selling model , with more than 25 million built by 2007 .
Consider this a memorial entry in the Top Ten list , as Volkswagen announced that it will no longer be branding the Volkswagen Golf as the Rabbit in the United States in 2009 .
From Volksbloggin :
Get this people , Volkswagen just announced that the Rabbit nameplate will be no more come this fall .
It ’s back to the Golf for all .
Call it a cheap marketing gimmick that just did n’t pan out .
It seems the heritage of the “ Rabbit ” namesake just did n’t do for Americans what Volkswagen marketing was hoping it would do .
So , instead of leaving things be , they want to introduce even more confusion in the American VW market by going BACK to Golf again by year ’s end .
Here is a commercial for the Rabbit that may seem familiar to Wardrivers : Own a Rabbit , and want to commiserate with your fellow owners on that wonderful German engineering ?
Check out the VW Rabbit Owners Club .
8. Bucky O’Hare
Bucky O'Hare is a character , created by comic writer Larry Hama between 1978 and 1979 , who was the eponymous hero of a comic book series , as well as a number of spin - offs , including a TV series and various toys and games .
The comic book was first published by Continuity Comics in comic book form in the mid-1980s , appearing in the anthology series Echo of Futurepast , with Hama writing and Michael Golden on pencils .
The series was later collected into an oversized graphic novel .
Hama wrote a second Bucky O'Hare arc , which was never published .
The comic book spawned an animated TV show between September 1991 & January 1992 , along with a series of action figures .
Here is the intro from the television show : A Bucky O'Hare video game developed by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System came out in 1992 , and a Bucky O'Hare arcade game was also released .
In 2007 , Vanguard reprinted the original Bucky O'Hare comic and two of the UK issues in a digest size collection , similar to a manga .
The book is called Bucky O'Hare and the Toad Menace and is printed in black and white .
7. Childrens Literature Bunnies
There are so many of these , that I decided just to lump them all in together .
None of them are particularly appealing to me , but I suppose they are some of the most well known bunnies that you will find in pop culture .
They include Rabbit from Winnie the Pooh , Peter Rabbit , the Velveteen Rabbit , Peter Cottontail , Br'er Rabbit , Runny Babbit and probably a ton more that I am forgetting .
I 'll even lump Little Bunny Foo Foo in here , because he 's been scooping up the field mice and bopping them on the head .
My favorite bit of trivia to toss in here is this gem from WikiAnswers : Q : Who is Rabbit in Winnie the Pooh ?
A : His name is " Rabbit " Duh !
Follow the links if you really want to read about these lame excuses for rabbits , while I go wash my hands .
Do n't we all feel warm and fuzzy now ?
6. Cadburry Bunny
The famous Cadbury Bunny is a live bunny that is used in Easter commercials for Cadbury Creme Eggs .
The premise is that this Bunny ( which sounds like a chicken ) lays special eggs for Easter .
See the commercial , if you do n't know what the hell I am talking about :
Here is an interesting note from Wikipedia : During an interview on the April 4th , 2007 episode of Late Night with Conan O' Brien , actor B. J. Novak drew attention to the fact that American market Cadbury Creme Eggs have decreased in size from previous years , despite the claim on the Cadbury 's website FAQ that the eggs were not getting smaller , but rather , " you 've just grown up ! "
The site has since been updated to clarify that only American eggs have altered in size .
For more than you ever cared to know about Cadbury Cream Eggs , check out X - Entertainment : According to Hershey 's commercial , which is still in rotation well over a decade later , these delicious monsters are birthed from the ass of the infamous Cadbury Bunny - a rabbit who bucks and clucks like a chicken while shitting out chocolate .
Deny not the glory , friends : it 's the only candy in the world with an original story .
I think that picture above clearly explains how these things are made .
5. Mr. Floppy
No , this is n't Mr. Floppy from the Flophouse .
This one may be a bit obscure to people , since Mr. Floppy was a character that appeared on a WB show , Unhappily Ever After , which aired 100 episodes from 1995 to 1999 .
The show , which was probably most notable for being the breakout role for Nikki Cox , was essentially a Married with Children clone .
Mr. Floppy was a smoking , drinking , and perverted gray stuffed bunny who lived in the basement , and discussed his life in " the toy bin , " his success stories with women , or ranted about cynical topics .
He was voiced by Bobcat Goldthwait ( who actually was engaged to Cox for a time ) and could only be heard by the main character Jack .
From TV Acres : Mr. Floppy 's former friends included GI Joe , Barney and Wolverine of the X - Men. Mr. Floppy 's love life has also been quite interesting .
He has been married six times , but one of them does n't count because it was not a doll but the " shoe " from the Monopoly game ( he was really drunk that night ) .
And he has dated Barbie ( until GI Joe stole her ) , Barbie 's friend Skipper and has obsessed over " getting it on " with actress Drew Barrymore .
Here is a sample speech from Mr. Floppy :
4. Trix Rabbit
Silly Rabbit , Trix are for Kids .
Who did n't grow up watching this Rabbit try to steal cereal on Saturday mornings ?
From Wikipedia : Joe Harris created the Trix Rabbit , an anthropomorphic cartoon rabbit character ; in Trix animated television commercials , this rabbit would continually try to trick children into giving him a bowl of Trix cereal .
He would be discovered every time , and the kids would say , " Silly rabbit , Trix are for kids ! "
After the success of the first commercial , the Trix brand soon became one of General Mills ' best sellers .
Much like Warner Brothers ' Wile E. Coyote , the Trix Rabbit 's constant struggle to obtain the unobtainable elicits a degree of sympathy from many viewers .
Generally , the commercials begin with the rabbit having successfully managed to snatch the cereal , only to have the kids confuse him long enough for them to take it back .
In some commercials , the rabbit successfully gets the cereal and makes a getaway , leaving the kids to ask the viewer for help .
The earliest known successful attempt of the Trix Rabbit to obtain the cereal was in 1969 .
A national vote was held with ballots distributed on the back of Trix boxes , allowing kids to vote on whether to let the Trix Rabbit have some Trix .
According to this campaign , he had already consumed two spoonfuls before the kids caught him .
Nonetheless , it continued to be part of the advertising that the Trix Rabbit never had Trix .
In two commercials he successfully tricked the children again into giving him Trix , but they were apparently cross about it .
You knew eventually the rabbit would get his revenge .
I only had room for one product spokesman on the list , so the Trix Rabbit beat out the Nesquick Bunny .
3. Energizer Bunny
This little Bunny has been walking across screens for two decades now , and Energizer still is utilizing him in their campaigns .
From Wikipedia : The Energizer Bunny is the marketing icon and mascot of Energizer batteries .
It is a pink rabbit wearing sunglasses and blue sandals that beats a bass drum .
It has been appearing in television commercials since 1988 .
The Energizer Bunny does not appear in Europe and Australia where the rival Duracell Bunny is seen instead .
In Australia and the UK the mascot for Energizer is a muscle - bound anthropomorphic battery .
The American Energizer commercials , produced by DDB Chicago Advertising , originally began as a parody of TV advertisements for rival Duracell .
In the Duracell ads , a set of battery - powered drum - playing toy pink rabbits ( Duracell Bunnies ) gradually slow to a halt until only the toy powered by a copper - top battery remains active .
In Energizer 's parody , the Energizer Bunny then enters the screen beating a huge bass drum and swinging a mallet over his head .
The criticism was that Duracell compared their batteries with carbon batteries , and not similar alkaline batteries like Energizer .
Original Energizer Bunny Commercial from 1989 :
As the series progressed , realistic - looking commercials were aired for fictional products ( such as " Sitagin Hemorrhoid Remedy " ) only to have the Bunny march through .
To date , the Energizer Bunny has appeared in more than 115 television commercials .
In these commercials , a voiceover would announce one of various slogans used throughout the years ; all of them would relate the stalwartness of the Energizer Bunny to the long - lasting power of their batteries .
The original slogan boasted that " ... nothing outlasts the Energizer ... " , but it was eventually changed after a lawsuit filed by Duracell disputing Energizer 's claim .
In 1992 through 1994 , Energizer ran a series of commercials featuring a fake rival battery , Supervolt ( including a Supervolt weasel mascot ) , that was an obvious look alike of Duracell .
Star Wars Energizer Bunny Commercial from 1994 :
2. Bugs Bunny
I 'd like to think that this Bunny needs no introduction .
He has been a staple of television for more than 60 years , and is one of the most beloved cartoon characters of all time .
Yeah , Wikipedia again , it 's getting late , and why reinvent the wheel ?
Bugs Bunny is a fictional character who appears in the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of animated films produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions , which became Warner Bros.
Cartoons in 1945 .
He remains one of the most popular and recognizable cartoon characters in the world .
In 2002 , he was named by TV Guide as the greatest cartoon character of all time .
Currently , he is the corporate mascot for Warner Brothers , especially its animated productions .
According to Bugs Bunny : 50 Years and Only One Grey Hare , he was " born " in 1940 in Brooklyn , New York , created by Tex Avery ( who directed A Wild Hare , Bugs Bunny 's debut ) and Robert McKimson ( who created the definitive Bugs Bunny character design ) , among many others .
According to Mel Blanc , the character 's original voice actor , Bugs Bunny has a Flatbush accent , an equal blend of the Bronx and Brooklyn dialects .
His catchphrase is a casual " What 's up , Doc ? " , usually said while chewing a carrot .
His other popular phrases include " Of course you realize ... this means war " and " Ain't I a stinker ? "
Here is some older Bugs Bunny : ... and here is a more modern version :
1. Playboy Bunny
China navy criticises dispatch of US destroyers : state media
by Staff Writers
Beijing ( AFP ) March 13 , 2009
Chinese navy officers warned the dispatch of US destroyers to protect a surveillance vessel involved in a standoff with Chinese ships is an inappropriate response , state media said Friday .
A press report quoted unnamed Chinese navy sources as saying the deployment signalled a US intention to " keep on pressing " Beijing in the South China Sea .
" The timing and the extent ( of the deployment ) have gone beyond what you could call proportionate , " one navy officer was quoted saying by the China Daily .
Military tensions have risen after the United States said Chinese boats harassed the US Navy surveillance vessel Impeccable on Sunday in the South China Sea , forcing the ship to take emergency action to avoid a collision .
China , whose state media has accused the Impeccable of spying , has called the US account " totally inaccurate , " but has not offered an alternative version of events .
A US official said on Thursday that Washington had decided to provide heavily armed destroyers to escort US surveillance ships operating in the area following the standoff .
" Right now they are going to escort these types of ships for the foreseeable future , " a defence official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told AFP .
A day after the incident , the destroyer USS Chung - Hoon accompanied the Impeccable , an unarmed ship designed to track submarines , in the same area , the official said .
The US government has protested to Chinese authorities over Sunday 's incident , which occurred about 75 miles ( 120 kilometres ) south of Hainan Island .
China , meanwhile , said it had in turn protested to the United States over the Impeccable 's " illegal " activities .
President Barack Obama told visiting Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi that it was important to raise the level and frequency of military dialogue between the two sides to " avoid future incidents , " the White House said .
Printing Police Lies
The rightwing press has briefly turned against the police , but normal service will soon resume .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 21st April 2009
If a conservative is a liberal who has been mugged , a liberal is a conservative who has been twatted by the police .
As the tabloids turn their fire onto an unfamiliar target – the unprovoked aggression of Her Majesty ’s constabulary – the love affair between the cops and the rightwing press has never been more fragile .
The policing of the G20 protests at the beginning of this month was routine .
Policemen hiding their identification numbers and beating up peaceful protesters is as much a part of British life as grey skies and red buses .
Across 20 years of protests , I have seen policemen swapping their jackets to avoid identification , hurling people against vans and into walls and whomping old ladies over the head with batons .
A friend had his head repeatedly bashed against the bonnet of a police van ; he was then charged with criminal damage to the van .
I have seen an entire line of police turn round to face the other way when private security guards have started beating people up .
I have seen them refuse – until Amnesty International got involved – to investigate my own case when I was hospitalised by these licensed thugs ( the guards had impaled my foot on a metal spike , smashing the middle bone ) .
But none of this featured in the conservative press .
The story was always the same : we would stagger home after our peaceful protests were attacked by uniformed skinheads to discover that we were “ Anarchist Thugs on the Rampage ” whose attempt to destroy civilisation had been thwarted only by the calm professionalism of the police .
Violent police action mutated into violent protests .
The papers believed everything the police told them .
This began to change when the police foolishly attacked a Countryside Alliance march in 2004 .
In the spirit of impartial policing , the cops gave these reactionaries the treatment they had been doling out to generations of progressives .
It was grotesque , disportionate and entirely familiar policing , but there ’s a world of difference between bloodstained hemp ponchos and bloodstained tweeds .
The exposure of the lies the police then told about the killing of Jean Charles de Menezes and the shooting of Mohammed Abdul Kahar made the newspapers – which had reproduced the official version – feel stung .
In other circumstances , Ian Tomlinson , the passer - by who died after being thrown to the ground by police , would have been treated by the press as a violent anarchist who had assaulted the road with his body .
But video footage and disillusionment has changed that – for a few days at least .
On Friday the front page of the Daily Express carried lurid pictures of the injuries sustained by a woman at the G20 protests , under the headline “ Police Did This to Me : It was just like being whipped by the Taliban ” .
Yesterday the Daily Mail posted up a film made by climate camp activists ( 1 ) .
Its columnist Melanie Phillips , who is yet to be celebrated for her support of radical causes , opined that “ there are always elements in the ranks [ of the police ] who want to give people a good kicking . ” ( 2) A column in the Telegraph explained that “ there are individuals who join the police just because they like hitting people ” ( 3 ) , while the Spectator lamented the “ disgraceful actions of a few Met officers ” ( 4 ) .
Today ’s Guardian poll suggests that the police are losing the wider battle for public opinion too .
The papers maintain that a few rogue officers got out of control .
But as testimonies collected by Climate Camp ’s legal team show , police violence at the G20 demos was organised and systematic ( 5 ) .
It is true that the police appear to have been carried away by testeria ( a useful word which describes testosterone - fuelled male rampages ) .
But this keeps happening , and senior officers make no attempt to prevent it .
Before the protests , the police fed stories to the media about terrorist plots hatched by G20 demonstrators ( 6 ) .
“ We ’re up for it and we ’re up to it , ” Commander Simon O’Brien told the press ( 7 ) .
Organisers from Climate Camp asked if they could attend police briefings to journalists in order to put their side of the story .
They were rebuffed .
The police initially refused to meet them even to discuss the protesters ’ intentions .
The police plan was called Operation Glencoe : it was named after the site of a notorious massacre .
If the police at the G20 protests were pumped - up , testerical , itching for a fight , it was partly because their commanding officers have spent years blurring the distinction between peaceful campaigners and terrorists .
Until recently , this strategy worked well : by turning quiet protests into angry confrontations , the police could show the public that unless they received ever greater powers and resources , the country would be overrun by violent mobs .
Now it has backfired .
Do n’t expect this momentary backlash to change anything .
The police appear impervious to criticism .
Just eight days before the G20 protests , the parliamentary select committee on human rights published a report on the policing of protests ( 8 ) .
It recommended that “ counter - terrorism powers should never be used against peaceful protestors ” ; and that “ the presumption should be in favour of protests taking place without state interference ” .
The police ignored it .
They used counter - terrorism powers to stop and search climate campers having supper at an Indian restaurant ( 9 ) ; they sought to prevent peaceful actions from taking place .
Interestingly , they also appeared to allow a group of genuine rioters to break into a branch of RBS .
This too is a familiar pattern : the police beat up peaceful protesters and stand by when vandals create some easy headlines for the tabloids .
The public revulsion towards the police lies about Mr de Menezes did n’t prevent them from attempting a similar cover - up over the death of Ian Tomlinson .
Just as the furore over Mr Tomlinson reached its peak , the police again curtailed the right to protest when they pre-emptively arrested 114 people close to a power station ( 10 ) .
Their purpose was to impose sweeping bail conditions on the protesters , which will come in very handy when the decision to build a new coal - burning power station at Kingsnorth in Kent is announced .
Yesterday the Guardian published evidence of collusion between the police and Kingsnorth ’s operator , E.On ( 11 ) .
The police behave like this , despite the opprobium of left and right , because they know they will get away with it .
They know that the government wo n’t rein them in ; that the Independent Police Complaints Commission eats out of their hands ; that the sternest sanction an officer can expect for beating or killing a passer - by is some extended gardening leave .
They know that in a few days ’ time the rightwing press will revert to publishing stories about the anarchist baby - eaters seeking to turn Britain into a bloodbath .
But something else has changed in this country : the resolution of the protesters .
Despite repeated assaults , they appear to become better organised and less afraid .
That , so soon after Operation Glencoe , 114 people were prepared to risk arrest and another beating testifies to the resilience of this movement .
These people know that protest is not a threat to democracy but its cornerstone .
They know that the issues they contest outweigh any harm they may suffer .
They know that getting beaten up is a sign that state has lost the argument .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1 . http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1172005/Police-threatened-G20-activists-tasers-ex-yard-chief-blames-leadership-crisis-aggression.html
2 . http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-1172008/MELANIE-PHILLIPS-A-governing-class-raters-drunk-power-state-crumbling-chaos.html
3 . http://www.telegraph.co.uk/comment/5178573/Police-hurt-themselves-in-a-propaganda-war.html
4 . http://www.spectator.co.uk/coffeehouse/3539761/brutality-exposed.thtml
5 . The Climate Camp Legal Team , 18th April 2009 .
Demonstrating Respect For Rights ?
The Policing Of The Climate Camp In The City On 1 April 2009 .
http://climatecamp.org.uk/themes/ccamptheme/files/report.pdf
6 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/mar/30/g20-protest-explosives-plot-arrests
7 . http://www.schnews.org.uk/archive/news6723.php
8. House of Lords , House of Commons Joint Committee on Human Rights , 23rd March 2009 .
Demonstrating respect for rights ?
A human rights approach to policing protest .
http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/jt200809/jtselect/jtrights/47/47i.pdf
9 . The Climate Camp Legal Team , ibid .
10 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/apr/13/nottingham-police-raid-environmental-campaigners
11 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2009/apr/20/police-intelligence-e-on-berr
Opinion
America should act now to avoid return of $ 4 gas
You may have forgotten what you did on vacation last summer — but you probably remember how much it cost to fill your gas tank for the trip .
Last July , soaring gasoline prices had everybody talking .
Presidential candidates called for energy independence .
Congressional leaders hauled oil company executives in for hearings .
Gas prices seemed to jump by a dime a day .
They topped $ 4 per gallon and looked as if they ’d never stop climbing .
Yet suddenly they did .
A global recession slashed demand and gas prices fell , dropping back to today ’s roughly $ 2 per gallon .
But that does n’t mean our energy problems are over .
In the months and years ahead the global economy will improve ; the demand for oil will increase and prices will rise again .
That means today ’s cheaper prices are an opportunity .
The U.S. needs to act now so we ’ll have enough supply in the years ahead to keep costs reasonable .
The key : Increase domestic oil production .
Last summer President Bush took a sensible first step , lifting an executive order ( put in place by his father ) that prohibited oil drilling off America ’s coasts .
A few months later ( even though gas prices were finally falling )
Congress allowed its own moratorium to expire .
Together , these bans had kept about 85 percent of America ’s territorial waters off limits to exploration .
Even with lower gas prices , Americans grasp the need for more drilling .
A Harris Interactive poll taken in February shows that 62 percent support “ increased domestic access to offshore oil . ”
Only 26 percent oppose it .
Yet our government is n’t moving quickly enough .
The Interior Department has taken a tentative first step .
It has announced a draft program to provide offshore leases , and it has given the public 60 days to comment .
Unfortunately , President Obama ’s new secretary of the interior , Ken Salazar , has already ( long before the initial comment phase would have ended ) announced he ’ll extend the comment period for six months .
He ’s also told his agency to gather additional information on the estimated amounts of oil and natural gas in these offshore areas .
To be fair , drilling offshore is hardly a crisis that needs immediate action .
But some steady progress would help .
Unfortunately , Salazar seems determined to slow any progress as much as possible .
He called the two - month comment period “ a headlong rush of the worst kind . ”
Really ?
Even though the public had plenty of time to comment ?
Meanwhile , he ’s hinted that he may want to delay exploration indefinitely .
“ The Bush administration was so intent on opening new areas for oil and gas offshore that it torpedoed offshore renewable energy efforts , ” he ’s said , ignoring at least one offshore wind project Bush promoted .
Besides , electric wind farms are completely different from oil fields , as Salazar must know .
It takes years to develop an oil field , which is why we should get started this year , while prices are still low .
Salazar ’s own Interior Department estimates there are 19 billion barrels of oil available in U.S. waters , and such estimates tend to be on the low side .
But we wo n’t know until we start looking .
This is n’t the first time Salazar has opposed exploration , by the way .
Last summer , when the Bush administration wanted to sell some public land in Western states so oil companies could take a closer look at harvesting fuel from oil shale , Salazar expressed his dislike for the program .
“ A fire sale will not lower gas prices .
It will not accelerate the development of commercial oil shale technologies , ” he wrote in The Washington Post .
Again , true as far as it goes .
But without exploration , we ’ll never know if oil shale can be made to work .
Our country needs more oil exploration , as quickly as is prudent .
Otherwise , prepare for the eventual return of $ 4 or higher gasoline .
Feulner is president of The Heritage Foundation .
[ Haskell - cafe ] [ ANN ] salvia - 0.1 , salvia - extras -0.1
Hi all , I am pleased to announce a new version of Salvia , the lightweight Haskell Web Server Framework with modular support for serving static files , directories indices , default error responses , connection counting and logging , HEAD and PUT requests , keep - alives , custom banner printing , default handler environments for parsing request and printing responses , dispatching based on request methods , URI , paths and filename extension , URI rewriting and redirection , virtual hosting , cookie , session and user management and more ...
Changes since previous version : - Some more advanced , non-fundamental handlers have been moved to their own package salvia - extras .
This helps pruning the dependencies a bit .
-
The package now has some default handler environments that simplify setting up a server application .
-
The server now has support for keep - alive , significantly increasing the performance .
-
The library functions are now almost fully documented instead of no- documentation - at - all in the previous versions .
- Salvia now also works on windows ( I heard ) .
- Lots of code cleanups throughout the code .
- Lots of minor bug fixes .
To install : use cabal .
Thanks to the people that helped me with suggestions and bug - reports ! -- Sebastiaan .
LOS ANGELES , March 31 ( Reuters ) - McDonald 's Corp MCD.N , the largest purchaser of potatoes in the United States , has agreed to take steps towards reducing pesticide use in its domestic potato supply , shareholder groups said on Tuesday .
Following the agreement , the Bard College Endowment , Newground Social Investment and the AFL - CIO Reserve Fund withdrew a shareholder proposal that , if approved , would have required the company to publish a report on options for reducing pesticide use in its supply chain .
The investors said McDonald ’s has agreed to survey its U.S. potato suppliers , compile a list of best practices in pesticide reduction and recommend those best practices to its global suppliers .
It also will share its findings with investors and include the findings in its annual corporate social responsibility report .
McDonald ’s , the world ’s largest fast - food chain , did not have an immediate comment on the agreement .
“ Because McDonald ’s has such a commanding presence in the marketplace , this commitment offers the promise of significant reductions of pesticide use -- which will benefit consumer health , as well as farm workers , local agricultural communities , and the environment , ” said Newground Social Investment Chief Executive Bruce Herbert , who is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Institute for Children ’s Environmental Health .
Had the agreement not been reached , the resolution would have appeared in the company ’s upcoming proxy statement and come up for a vote at the company ’s shareholder meeting later this year .
The three investor groups teamed with Investor Environmental Health Network to engage McDonald ’s in talks about pesticide reduction .
Dr. Richard Liroff , executive director at the Investor Environmental Health Network , said that some of McDonald 's largest U.S. potato suppliers include ConAgra Foods Inc CAG.N unit Lamb Weston and privately held J.R. Simplot Co .
“ We welcome McDonald ’s stepping up to the plate and look forward to supporting the company ’s efforts to reduce pesticide use in the future , ” Liroff said .
“ These are early steps , ” said Liroff , who said McDonald ’s must first know where it stands in terms of pesticide use in potato supplies before it can set targets for reduction .
He said food companies like Sysco Corp SYY.N , General Mills Inc GIS.N , and Campbell Soup Co CPB .
N already have shown that cutting pesticide use can makes sense from both an environmental health and business perspective .
There was no immediate reply from ConAgra and J.R. Simplot to calls for comment .
( Editing by Phil Berlowitz )
30th March 2009 , 11:00 am
Lately I ’ve been learning that some programming principles I treasure are not widely shared among my Haskell comrades .
Or at least not widely among those I ’ve been hearing from .
I was feeling bummed , so I decided to write this post , in order to help me process the news and to see who resonates with what I ’m looking for .
One of the principles I ’m talking about is that the value of a closed expression ( one not containing free variables ) depends solely on the expression itself — not influenced by the dynamic conditions under which it is executed .
I relate to this principle as the soul of functional programming and of referential transparency in particular .
Edits :
2009 - 10 - 26 : Minor typo fix
Recently I encountered two facts about standard Haskell libraries that I have trouble reconciling with this principle .
The meaning of Int operations in overflow situations is machine - dependent .
Typically they use 32 bits when running on 32 - bit machine and 64 bits when running on 64 - bit machines .
Implementations are free to use as few as 29 bits .
Thus the value of the expression “ 2^32 == ( 0 :: Int ) ” may be either False or True , depending on the dynamic conditions under which it is evaluated .
operations in overflow situations is machine - dependent .
Typically they use 32 bits when running on 32 - bit machine and 64 bits when running on 64 - bit machines .
Implementations are free to use as few as 29 bits .
Thus the value of the expression “ ” may be either or , depending on the dynamic conditions under which it is evaluated .
The expression “ System .
Info.os ” has type String , although its value as a sequence of characters depends on the circumstances of its execution .
( Similarly for the other exports from System .
Info .
Hm .
I just noticed that the module is labeled as “ portable ” .
Typo ?
Joke ? )
Although I ’ve been programming primarily in Haskell since around 1995 , I did n’t realize that these implementation - dependent meanings were there .
As in many romantic relationships , I suppose I ’ve been seeing Haskell not as she is , but as I idealized her to be .
There ’s another principle that is closely related to the one above and even more fundamental to me : every type has a precise , specific , and preferably simple denotation .
If an expression e has type T , then the meaning ( value ) of e is a member of the collection denoted by T .
For instance , I think of the meaning of the type String , i.e. , of [ Char ] , as being sequences of characters .
Well , not quite that simple , because it also contains some partially defined sequences and has a partial information ordering ( non - flat in this case ) .
Given this second principle , if os :: String , then the meaning of os is some sequence of characters .
Assuming the sequence is finite and non-partial , it can be written down as a literal string , and that literal can be substituted for every occurrence of “ os ” in a program , without changing the program ’s meaning .
However , os evaluates to “ linux ” on my machine and evaluates to “ darwin ” on my friend Bob ’s machine , so substituting any literal string for “ os ” would change the meaning , as observable on at least one of these machines .
Now I realize I ’m really talking about standard Haskell libraries , not Haskell itself .
When I discussed my confusion & dismay in the #haskell chat room , someone suggested explaining these semantic differences in terms of different libraries and hence different programs ( if one takes programs to include the libraries they use ) .
One would not expect different programs ( due to different libraries ) to have the same meaning .
I understand this different - library perspective — in a literal way .
And yet I ’m not really satisfied .
What I get is that standard libraries are “ standard ” in signature ( form ) , not in meaning ( substance ) .
With no promises about semantic commonality , I do n’t know how standard libraries can be useful .
Another perspective that came up on #haskell was that the kind of semantic consistency I ’m looking for is impossible , because of possibilities of failure .
For instance , evaluating an expression might one time fail due to memory exhaustion , while succeeding ( perhaps just barely ) on another attempt .
After mulling over that point , I ’d like to weaken my principle a little .
Instead of asking that all evaluations of an expression yield same value , I ask that all evaluations of an expression yield consistent answers .
By “ consistent ” I mean in the sense of information content .
Answers do n’t have to agree , but they must not disagree .
Failures like exhausted memory are modeled as ⊥ , which is called “ bottom ” because it is the bottom of the information partial ordering .
It contains no information and so is consistent with every value , disagreeing with no value .
More precisely , values are consistent when they have a shared upper ( information ) bound , and inconsistent when they do n’t .
The value ⊥ means i- do n’t - know , and the value ( 1, ⊥,3 ) means ( 1 , i - do n’t - know , 3 ) .
The consistent - value principle accepts possible failures due to finite resources and hardware failure , while rejecting “ linux ” vs “ darwin ” for System .
Info.os or False vs True for “ 2^32 == ( 0 :: Int ) .
It also accepts System .
Info.os :: IO String , which is the type I would have expected , because the semantics of IO String is big enough to accommodate dependence on dynamic conditions .
If you also cherish the principles I mention above , I ’d love to hear from you .
Lately I ’ve been learning that some programming principles I treasure are not widely shared among my Haskell comrades .
Or at least not widely among those I ’ve been hearing from .
I ...
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
OP -ED :
I recently read a book that deserves the widest possible readership .
The book is “ The Trouble with Textbooks - Distorting History and Religion ” by Dennis R. Ybarra .
I have never met or talked with either of these gentlemen , but I ca n’t say enough good things about this book .
For all who believe that there is a fairly objective rendition of history that we are obliged to teach our children , this book reveals how shockingly far from that objective American education - and particularly school textbooks - have fallen .
In their conclusion , the authors quote the great historian of Islam , Bernard Lewis ’ observation concerning the willful bending of history : “ We live in a time when great efforts have been made , and continue to be made , to falsify the record of the past and to make history a tool of propaganda ; when governments , religious movements , political parties , and sectional groups of every kind are busy rewriting history as they wish it to have been , as they would like their followers to believe that it was . ”
I discuss some of the findings of Mr. Tobin ’s and Mr. Ybarra ’s study in my latest book ( “ American Grit - What It Will Take to Survive and Win in the 21st Century , ” which will be released in January ) .
“ The Trouble with Textbooks ” identifies a system of self - censorship and cultural equivalence that celebrates everybody and omits many unpleasant historic facts .
The grievance group that has become particularly adept at influencing textbook publishing is the organized Muslim lobby .
The founder of the United States , refers to his work as a “ bloodless revolution … inside American junior high and high school classrooms . ”
He is , regrettably , right .
While these days one may expect “ sensitive deference ” to Muslim sensitivities , the authors show how American textbooks have gone so far as to outright proselytize Islam .
As “ The Trouble with Textbooks ” shows , textbooks relate Christian and Jewish religious traditions as stories attributed to some source ( for example , “ According to the New Testament … ” ) , while Islamic traditions are related as indisputable historic facts .
The authors cite the textbook “ Holt ’s World History , ” where one can read that Moses claimed to receive the Ten Commandments from God , but Muhammad simply “ received ” the Koran from God .
In the textbook “ Pearson ’s World Civilizations , ” the book instructs that Jesus of Nazareth is “ believed by Christians to be the Messiah ” - which would be a fine comparative religion study observation if the book did n’t also disclose that Muhammad “ received revelations from Allah . ”
The “ Trouble with Textbooks ” is filled with such shocking examples .
It reports on a textbook , “ McDougal Littell ’s World Cultures and Geography , ” which relates that “ Judaism is a story of exile ” and that “ Christians believe that Jesus was the promised Messiah , ” but that the Koran “ is the collection of God ’s revelations to Muhammad . ”
As “ The Trouble with Textbooks ” makes only too clear , one instance could perhaps be overlooked , but in fact there is a consistent , malicious practice that Islam - and only Islam - is repeatedly described in numerous prominent public school textbooks as historical truth .
In those textbooks , Christianity and Judaism are equally consistently described as mere notions of their believers .
I have no problem with religions being taught in public school textbooks on a comparative basis .
But to see Islam , alone , taught as the “ truth ” is an outrage .
This is only one small part of the assault on truth in textbooks by organized Muslim special pleaders analyzed in the book “ The Trouble with Textbooks . ”
As you might expect , there are constant examples of American textbooks describing recent Yasser Arafat ’s version rather than anything approaching honest and accurate history .
I understand that perfect objectivity in the study of history is never possible .
And it would not surprise anyone that each country tends to teach its children its history - and the history of the world - in a manner that makes the country look better than it perhaps is .
What is particularly galling in this report on American textbooks is that some fraction of the 5 million or so Muslims in America is winning the battle for textbook writing against the interest and tradition of the 275 million or so Judeo - Christian Americans .
“ The Trouble with Textbooks ” is a wake - up call to the parents of America to fight back to re-insert the truth of our history in our children ’s textbooks and classrooms .
Is it too much to ask that in American schools our traditions and faith not be denigrated , but rather get equal treatment with other faiths and traditions ?
Tony Blankley is a syndicated columnist
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Click on the image to purchase this book through Amazon.com .
Purchases help support MediaMouse.org .
It has been a few years since Rep. Sensenbrenner proposed draconian legislation known as HR 4437 .
His proposed legislation , which would have made being undocumented in the US a felony , was a major catalyst for mobilizing a new wave of immigrant justice activists in 2005 - 2006 .
However , immigration rights and reform was a non-issue during the 2008 presidential election .
Candidates steered clear of taking a position on what many saw as a “ controversial ” issue .
Illegal People : How Globalization Creates Migration and Criminalizes Immigrants , is an excellent book that reminds us of the importance of immigration as a justice issue .
Veteran writer and photo journalist David Bacon has spent years observing and writing about the harsh realities that face people who are part of the migrant stream coming from Central America and Mexico into the United States .
Bacon combines the best of analysis with how US immigration policy impacts individuals and their families .
Illegal People is not so much a methodical look at how globalization creates migrants , rather it is a collection of essays and stories about people who have come from countries like Guatemala and Mexico after economic hardship as a result of trade policies such as NAFTA and CAFTA .
Bacon weaves throughout the book examples from US history of migrants who have been victims of racist immigration policy to those who have organized against this repression .
The author draws the links between how the US treated Chinese immigrants in the later part of the 19th century to how US policy treats Mexicans today .
The book also provides excellent examples of how migrants have organized themselves in response to immigration policy .
Bacon provides a window into the campaigns by Chicano and Filipino activists in the 1960 that led to the creation of the United Farm Workers and the organizing behind the current immigrant rights movement .
Illegal People : How Globalization Creates Migration and Criminalizes Immigrants is not only a great resource for understanding what drives much of the immigration to the US , it provides a framework for responding to the racist and xenophobic movements that want to build a wall along the US - Mexican border .
David Bacon , Illegal People : How Globalization Creates Migration and Criminalizes Immigrants , ( Beacon Press , 2008 ) .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Email
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
live cam models for free on CamBB |
Chat with cam girls here BEST PORN CAMS
The bankrupt former child star sells his belongings in a bid to raise cash
Eight apparently was n’t enough for Willie Aames .
The star of Charles in Charge and Eight Is Enough , after filing for bankruptcy last year and whose house is in foreclosure , has been reduced to holding a garage sale at his Olathe , Kan. , home to raise some scratch .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
Among the items on sale Thursday were antiques , artwork , a piano , leather couches , a TV set , a mounted lion ’s head and other stuffed wildlife the 48 - year - old had hunted , and movie memorabilia .
Aames also signed autographs while a film crew recorded the event for a TV documentary about his life , reports the Kansas City Star .
Reuters
The Guardian newspaper in Britain reports that a ferocious spate of windy weather in Spain actually helped set a new wind - power generation record for the country , with “ 40 percent of the country ’s energy needs being covered by wind turbines at one stage . ”
Giles Tremlett , a reporter in Madrid , wrote :
The peak of 11,180 mw of electricity supply came mid-morning yesterday , as fierce winds swept across much of north - west Spain , where most of the country ’s extensive wind farms are situated .
That covered 29 percent of Spain ’s energy needs at the time .
The percentage had been even higher , reaching above 40 percent for several hours , earlier in the morning when demand for electricity was lower .
Spain ’s Wind Energy Association said at the moment of peak production , the country ’s turbines were working at 69 percent of their maximum theoretical potential .
In statistics published last month , the Global Wind Energy Council ranked Spain third in terms of overall installed wind - power capacity , at nearly 16,000 megawatts .
Ahead of Spain are Germany , at nearly 24,000 megawatts of capacity , and the United States , at No. 1 , with over 25,000 megawatts .
Of course , given the difference in markets , the winds could n’t blow hard enough in the United States to match Spain ’s record .
Power from wind turbines still accounts for only about 1 percent of the American power supply .
Music streaming community Last.fm has made some important changes to its services with the intention of generating revenue .
The struggling ad market has forced the CBS subsidiary to require subscriptions in many international markets , and streaming to third - party apps is now being restricted to subscribers .
The honeymoon of " free " streaming music appears to be ending .
As announced on Last . fm 's blog , the company will soon require most international users to purchase a monthly subscription to use Last. fm Radio .
Users in the US , UK , and Germany are excluded , but all others will need to begin paying � 3.00 per month on Monday , March 30 if they hope to keep rocking out .
Last.fm boasts a global user base of 30 million monthly users ( double what it was just a year ago ) and , as you might guess , many of them have already expressed dissatisfaction over no longer having free access to the company 's seven million tracks .
Last.fm used its forums to let users know that the company is also changing the rules for third - party streaming apps .
First , only subscribers will be able to stream music via these apps unless developers negotiate something directly with Last.fm .
The obvious justification for this rule is that the company " need [s ] to get the money to cover royalties , " the forum post reads .
The second new rule for third - party apps is that they will not be able to stream to mobile phones or , perhaps more accurately in this 21st - century gadget landscape , over cellular networks .
Last.fm blames this on limitations in its licensing agreements , though it may be able to " make an exception " if developers plead their case .
But , unless those developers act fast , unofficial apps for Windows Mobile , Symbian , and BlackBerry will stop working next week .
Last. fm 's official clients for iPhone and Android will reportedly continue to work without requiring a subscription .
Third - party apps that allow users to " scrobble " ( or share , in mundane English ) information with Last.fm about music played in various media players will " always be free , " and this is no surprise .
Collecting information about community and user behavior is a business model in and of itself for companies like Last.fm .
Naturally , all manner of complaints have been lodged in the comment threads , with many saying that Last.fm has sold out and willingly destroyed " thousands of free development hours . "
On the road to generating revenue out of a " free " service , though , these bridges sometimes need to get burned .
Since CBS acquired Last.fm for $ 280 million in 2007 , it has been looking for a way to boost the music streaming community 's profitability .
In December , 20 percent of Last . fm 's staff was let go .
While the company does not elaborate how its users are distributed , its US and UK operations are presumably still generating enough revenue ( via ads and optional subscriptions ) to avoid imposing this requirement — at least for now .
Licensing seven million tracks is no small financial feat .
Even Pandora , a streaming music competitor , took a page from traditional radio's book in January this year and introduced ads that run in between songs .
All things considered , it may simply be time for costly Web services to start exploring other business models more aggressively .
This is Billix , a lightweight distribution that allows you install several other distributions , and also contains a handy Windows tool for those of us who tend to forget our passwords .
Download in .ogv format
In these turbulent economic times , there ’s two major approaches that can happen : tighten everything down and hope you survive , or create new opportunities , within your business or in a whole new one .
For those that choose the second option , there are several interesting paths to follow , and many places to find ideas to inspire which one you choose .
Springwise is my favorite , with thousands of trend spotters around the world , writing brief , engaging pieces on companies expanding what ’s possible .
For quick scanning , they ’re categorized by type , as in Eco & Sustainability , Style & Design , Non-profit & Social Cause , and Life Hacks .
This piece on Scout Books , sustainably made custom designed journals created for what Springwise calls “ minipreneurs ” is one example .
Though this article was focused on how Pinball Publishing enables ecologically minded artists and innovative swag seekers to create high quality journals to their specifications in a relatively small run , suitable for selling on Etsy stores and the like , it was when I looked further at Pinball itself that I saw a dynamic business model well suited for these times .
[ social_buttons ]
They are primarily a printing press , and from the looks of it deeply committed to both their customer ’s satisfaction and the environment , for longer and more broadly then recently “ greening ” printers .
Beyond that , making efficient use of their own resources and I imagine the creative Portland community around them , they have their own designer card series which serve as a creative way to promote both their particularly high quality single job printing and the artist who created the design for the card .
Tenth & Grant are their own original paper goods creations .
Using their design & printing talent in a whole different arena , they ’ve got a small record label , Bangback Records .
And they do n’t keep all the business to themselves .
Their resource page has a huge , attractively laid out list of creative professional / service companies .
In doing that , they are not dependent on any one stream of income .
If printing orders are down at the moment , they could focus more energy on their own efforts .
But when you step back from it , this multi-community connecting is a wise business move , as several different markets are made familiar with and want to support this business that seems clearly in support of their client ’s success as well .
Now that ’s a sustainable business .
Readers :
What other examples of cross sector sustainable businesses have you seen ?
Comment below please
A Police Service of Northern Ireland officer aims his rifle as he takes up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
A Police Service of Northern Ireland officer takes up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
A Police Service of Northern Ireland officer aims his rifle as he takes up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March , 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
A Police Service of Northern Ireland officer aims his rifle as he takes up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
A Police Service of Northern Ireland officer aims his rifle as he takes up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
The scene where a PSNI officer has died following a shooting incident in Craigavon , County Armagh
A police Service of Northern Ireland officer aims his rifle as he takes up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March , 10,2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police officers cordon off the area near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
The shooting is understood to have happened near Lismore High School in Craigavon
A police Service of Northern Ireland officer at Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March , 10 , 2009 .
Irish Republican
Army dissidents fatally shot a policeman in the head as he responded to an emergency call , just 48 hours after the killing of two soldiers , Northern Ireland 's police commander said Tuesday .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police Service of Northern Ireland officers take up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March , 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police forensic officers examine the Police Service of Northern Ireland car at the scene of the shooting at Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March , 10 , 2009 .
Irish Republican
Army dissidents fatally shot a policeman in the head as he responded to an emergency call , just 48 hours after the killing of two soldiers , Northern Ireland 's police commander said Tuesday .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police forensic officers attend the shooting scene near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
Irish Republican
Army dissidents fatally shot a policeman in the head as he responded to an emergency call , just 48 hours after the killing of two soldiers , Northern Ireland 's police commander said Tuesday .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police forensic officers arrive at the scene of a shooting near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
Irish Republican
Army dissidents fatally shot a policeman in the head as he responded to an emergency call , just 48 hours after the killing of two soldiers , Northern Ireland 's police commander said Tuesday .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police forensic officers examine the spot were gunmen fired from , with marked bullet casings on the ground , near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
Irish Republican
Army dissidents fatally shot a policeman in the head as he responded to an emergency call , just 48 hours after the killing of two soldiers , Northern Ireland 's police commander said Tuesday .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police Service of Northern Ireland officers take up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police Service of Northern Ireland officers take up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
Police Service of Northern Ireland officers take up position near Lismore Manor , Craigavon , Northern Ireland , Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 .
A large security presence has begun after a Police Service of Northern Ireland officer was shot dead by suspected Irish Republican terrorists .
( AP Photo / Peter Morrison )
A police officer was shot dead in Craigavon last night , just 48 hours after Real IRA dissidents shot dead two British soldiers .
The incident happened in the Lismore Manor area andfollows an attack on Saturday when two soldiers were shot dead by dissident republicans as they collected a pizza delivery at their base in Antrim .
A PSNI spokesman said : " We can now confirm that one police officer has died following a shooting incident that occurred shortly before 9 pm in the Lismore Manor area of Craigavon . "
Police have been warning of a heightened threat from dissident gunmen for some time .
Police later said two squad cars were involved in separate collisions on the Tandragee Road and Lake Road as they travelled to the scene last night .
A manhunt was already under way after the two soldiers were killed outside Massereene Barracks on Saturday night .
Politicians across the community condemned that action as an effort to destabilise the power - sharing administration and this latest incident will prompt further concern .
Politicians from across the political divide were last night quick to condemn the shooting and to blame dissident republicans opposed to the peace process for the killing .
Northern Ireland 's First Minister Peter Robinson said : " It is with great sadness that I have learned of the murder of a police officer in the Lismore area of Craigavon .
" This officer was serving his community at the time of the incident .
" I unreservedly condemn this evil deed and offer my sincere sympathy to the officer 's family circle .
The entire police family is in my thoughts and prayers at this time .
" I am sickened at the attempts by terrorists to destabilise Northern Ireland .
Those responsible for this murderous act will not be allowed to drag our Province back to the past .
" On behalf of the Democratic Unionist Party and the people we represent , I would urge the Prime Minister and the Chief Constable to take whatever steps are necessary to ensure that innocent life is protected in the face of this terrorist threat across Northern Ireland . "
Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) member of parliament for the Upper Bann constituency where the shooting took place , David Simpson , linked the shooting to the dissident republican murder of the two soldiers shot dead at Massereene barracks on Saturday .
View Larger Map
He said the political process was under attack from terrorists intent on causing mayhem .
" What we have seen over the last 36 hours is a deliberate and sustained effort by terrorist murderers to try and drag Northern Ireland back to the worst days of Ulster 's past , " he said .
" I utterly and completely condemn the criminals responsible for this latest outrage and I hope that the vermin responsible for it are brought to justice immediately .
" Events such as the murders at Massereene and this latest terrorist atrocity show us all the need for a swift , co-ordinated and ruthless security and government response . "
Lord Maginnis , UUP spokesman , said those behind the attacks had barely any " grass roots " support but were getting " an opportunity " to publicise their cause .
He told the BBC : " We have a chief constable who has warned us and warned us and warned us about the danger of dissident IRA .
That has put pressure on the leaders of dissident IRA , what I call rebel IRA , to have a big show to kill those soldiers at the gates of Massereene barracks , to kill this policeman in Lurgan .
" I just feel we have just got it so wrong in terms of how we are dealing with the potential for terrorism from this small group of people .
" As we publicise them we give them almost the motivation to carry out this type of attack .
We are going to have a period now when in fact they will go for soft targets whether that be politicians , police or soldiers .
" These evil people are getting an opportunity to build up a profile that really is quite unacceptable . "
Alliance Leader David Ford expressed revulsion at news of the shooting of the police officer .
He said : " My heart and the hearts of the whole community goes out to the family and colleagues of the police officer who has been so brutally murdered serving the people of Northern Ireland .
" I simply cannot comprehend the sheer evil of those involved in this attack .
This shooting was cowardly and despicable .
" This murder must be roundly condemned by all right - thinking people .
It is clear that dissident republicans are determined to attempt a sustained attack on peace and stability in Northern Ireland .
" All political representatives and the whole community united to condemn Saturday 's attack .
The public 's resolve has been strengthened against these elements - everyone has spoken with one voice to say that peace is the only way forward .
" There must be calm at this time .
Political representatives again need to show leadership .
" Anyone with any information on these attacks has a duty to contact the police immediately .
The public , working closely with the police , can catch these individuals and end this violence . "
Patrick Mercer MP , chairman of the Commons sub - committee on counter terrorism , said : " This is not unexpected .
They have been expecting this escalation in activity for some time .
" The chief constable last week said the threat had risen and the fact that he asked for the help of special troops was a tactic that proves his fears .
" The terrorists want to damage the peace process - that is undoubted - but they are a small minority . "
Since the start of 2008 , dissident groups have mounted 18 gun and bomb attacks , with three carried out in the early months of 2009 .
They had failed to claim lives during their latest campaign , until the soldiers from the 38 Engineer Regiment were gunned down outside the Massereene base on Saturday .
The news of tonight 's killing emerged as tributes were still being paid to Sapper Mark Quinsey , 23 , from Birmingham , and Sapper Patrick Azimkar , 21 , from Wood Green , north London .
Last week nationalists and republican politicians criticised Northern Ireland Chief Constable Sir Hugh Orde after it emerged he had brought covert troops to help with the surveillance of dissidents .
But in the aftermath of the Massereene murders in Antrim , politicians showed a united front at Stormont today in opposition to those groups intent on violence .
Sinn Fein Assembly member for the Craigavon area John O'Dowd hit out at those behind the latest attack .
" This is an attack on the peace process .
It is wrong and it is counter productive and I would extend my condolences to the dead man 's family at this time , " he said .
" As with what happened in Antrim over the weekend we condemn it .
Whoever carried out this shooting was not doing so to advance Irish republican or democratic goals .
They have no strategy to deliver a United Ireland .
" This is a time for strong political leadership and cool heads .
It is a time for all political parties and the two governments to recommit to the principles which have underpinned the peace process and delivered the stability of recent years . "
SDLP Upper Bann MLA Dolores Kelly condemned the shooting of the PSNI officer .
She said : " We are staring into the abyss .
There is little point appealing to the people who planned and did this , but all of us have to realise we are on the brink of something absolutely awful .
" All of us have to get together to pull ourselves back from the brink .
A tiny handful of people with nothing to say and nothing to offer cannot be allowed to destroy so much . "
The leader of the loyalist Progressive Unionist Party Dawn Purvis MLA said her thoughts were with the officer 's family .
She echoed comments she made after the weekend Real IRA attack : " The message remains the same , the perpetrators will not be allowed to damage our peace process .
I appeal for calm and for people to assist the police by providing them with the information that can take these people off the streets and before the courts . "
Prime Minister Gordon Brown was in Northern Ireland yesterday to meet security chiefs and political leaders .
He said those behind the Massereene attack would not threaten the political progress that had been made over the last decade .
The DUP and Sinn Fein are the largest parties at Stormont and they spearhead the power - sharing government in place in Northern Ireland .
Yesterday First Minister and DUP leader Peter Robinson told a packed Northern Ireland Assembly that the Massereene attack was a throwback to years of violence he said would never return , while Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams said his party would stand up to anyone who tried to undermine the political process .
Mr Robinson and deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein are due to fly to the United States for a series of meetings with business leaders and to hold talks with President Barack Obama .
Yesterday evening 's events represented a further challenge to the political system , with dissidents intent on destabilising the Stormont administration .
Ulster Unionist Party ( UUP ) deputy leader Danny Kennedy branded the latest shooting as wicked and murderous and blamed dissident republicans .
" These terrorists seem totally incapable of understanding that they are flying in the face of the overwhelming will of the people in Northern Ireland , Great Britain and the Republic of Ireland , who want peace and political stability , " he said .
" They are flying in the face of the unified opposition expressed to them in the Assembly and in the media today .
" And they will discover that the political parties and people of Northern Ireland are determined in their collective resolve to withstand any and every assault on the democratic institutions that have been in place for the last decade .
" We will not allow ourselves to be dragged back to a darker , bloodier world . "
He appealed for anyone with information to help the police .
Police carrying machine guns were this morning guarding the scene of the shooting , which happened close to a school .
Councillors and local people were tonight gathering on the residential street as police helicopters hovered above .
A spokesman for the Police Service of Northern Ireland said police were called to Lismore Manor , Craigavon , at around 9.45 pm , following a request for assistance from a member of the public .
He said : " Two police vehicles arrived in the area .
Both officers alighted from the vehicles .
It appears gunshots were fired at them .
One officer was struck by gunfire and subsequently he has died from his wounds . "
He said a major investigation was now under way and police are appealing for anyone with information to call Lurgan police on 0845 600 8000 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
Belfast Telegraph
Brilliant Photoshop Art by Pierre Beteille Posted on Sunday , September 21 2008
I am not a photographer or an artist , I just make images … I shoot very average or even bad photos that I try to improve thanks to Photoshop …
- Pierre Beteille
Tags :
More OMFG - Good Links
Links : Official
Site pierre beteille , art , photoshop , portaits , shooped , amazing photoshopped pictures , good photoshopper , not gimpShare : See all Posts in the Funny Pictures category .
Download mp3s faster than limewire using google .
I 've made 100 + free video tutorials
See the best of the internet today on one page .
Advertisements
With all the talk of seccession by Texas Gov. Rick Perry , it seems that someone at the State Department was playing a bit of a practical joke today when State listed Sec. of State Hillary Clinton ’s foreign travelogue on their website and included Texas as a foreign country .
Here is the cached version of State ’s Travels with the Secretary page :
April 1 - 5 : Europe W / President ( 5,011 miles )
March 30 - 31 : Netherlands ( 4,031 miles )
March 27 : Texas ( 2,617 miles )
March 25 - 26 : Mexico ( 3,945 miles )
February 28 - March 8 : Middle East and Europe 15,518 miles )
February 15 - 22 : Asia ( 22,402 miles )
Advertisements
Texas was also listed as part of her foreign trips calculations .
The original page listed Sec. Clinton as taking six foreign trips totaling 53,524 miles .
The website has since corrected the page to reflect a total of five trips for 50,907 miles .
I am sure that some parts of Texas must feel like a foreign country for various reasons , but unless we all missed something , overnight Texas is still a state .
I believe that the seccession talk is a political strategy being used by Gov.
Perry to look like the more patriotic Texan than his likely primary challenger Sen.
Kay Bailey Hutchison .
One never knows , but it is unlikely that Sen .
Hutchison will endorse seccession from the union .
In fact , there is no mention of succession on her official Senate website .
The State Department could have made an honest mistake , but in politics , there are few coincidences .
Somebody over at State was having some fun at Perry ’s at expense , but their boss caught them , and they had to change it back .
I sincerely believe that Perry was just trying to position himself to the right of Hutchison , and get a little free media , but now he is nationally known as pro-secessionist .
This may help his reelection campaign , but it did him no favors nationally .
Here is Perry ’s succession talk :
Some movies inform .
Some movies entertain .
And some pry open your skull and punch you in the brain .
There ’s a certain brand of movie that I most enjoy .
Some people call them “ Puzzle Movies . ”
Others call them “ Brain Burners . ”
Each has , at some point or another , been referred to as “ that flick I watched while I was baked out of my mind . ”
But the phrase I find myself employing , when casting around for a succinct term for the entire genre , is “ Mindfuck Movies . ”
It ’s an expression I picked up from a college roommate of mine , an enormous Star Trek :
The Next Generation fan who adored those episodes when the nature of reality itself was called into question , usually after the holodeck went berserk or Q showed up and hornswoggled everyone into thinking they were intergalactic dung beetles ( or whatever … I never really followed the show myself ) .
Mindfuckers are n’t just Dadaism by another name — there has to be some rationale for the mayhem , even if it ’s far - fetched ( orbiting hallucination - inducing lasers ! ) or lame ( it was all a dream ! ) .
And they are not those movies where the audience ( and the characters ) think they know what ’s happening , only to discover in the final moments some key twist that turns everything on its head .
( Bruce Willis was balding the whole time ? ! )
I love those films as well , but that ’s not what we ’re discussing .
In Mindfuck Movies you know that Something Is Going On .
It ’s just not clear what .
Here are 15 16 of my absolute favorites from this rarefied class of motion pictures .
And , really , the phrase “ Mindfuck Movies ” is too crude for such works of arts .
These films are sophisticated .
They make love to your mind .
Note :
The text of this essay contains no spoilers , but watch the clips at your own peril .
Spellbound ( 1945 )
Many of Hitchcock ’s films dabble in the surreal , but how many include a dream sequence designed by Salvador Dalí himself ?
No , not three .
No , not 11 either …dude , rhetorical question .
And anyway , the correct answer is one : Spellbound , in which Hitchcock throws just about every brain - twisting plot element into the pot ( amnesia , delusions , mental illness , etc. ) and lets it simmer for an hour and a half .
The central narrative of Spellbound hews the conventional Hitchcockian template — innocent men on the lam from the law and the beautiful women who love them — but Spellbound heaps on psychoanalytical shenanigans until there ’s an enormous question mark after the aforementioned “ innocent . ”
Note :
This movie is in black and white .
If the film you are watching is in color and features quirky kids striving to spell the word “ smaragdine , ” you put the wrong movie in your Netflix queue .
Rashômon ( 1950 )
Face it :
The vast majority of knowledge you have squirreled away in your head was put there by an untrustworthy third - party source , probably someone with an agenda to promulgate and an axe to grind .
Akira Kurosawa drives this point home in his masterwork Rashômon , in which the events surrounding the rape of a woman and the murder of her husband are recounted by a number of witnesses , including a assailant , the woman , and even the slain man .
But this is n’t CSI : Kyoto , where every additional detail brings the big picture into sharper focus .
Instead , the accounts are muddled , contradictory , and self - serving — and that ’s before everyone starts changing their stories .
Rashômon will force you to rethink everything you know about the movie several times before it ’s over , and force you to rethink everything you know period well after it ’s over .
La Jetée ( 1962 )
This 28 - minute film consists solely of still photographs , voiceover narration , and awesome .
I ’ve said too much already .
2001 : A Space Odyssey ( 1968 )
Stanely Kubrick ’s tour de force is grounded on scientific principles so sound that even now , 40 years after its release , it is still routinely cited as the finest “ hard science - fiction ” film ever made .
( “ Hard science - fiction ” is defined as “ stories in which Han Solo does not saunter around the surface of an asteroid wearing only an oxygen mask and a leather jacket ” ) .
Yes , it ’s a meticulously crafted and imminently rational three - course meal of a film .
For the first two hours , anyhow .
And then , in the final 30 minutes , it serves up a steaming bowl of WTF for dessert .
Why is the ending of 2001 so hard to comprehend ?
Because it does n’t make a goddamned lick of sense — unless you read the book , that is .
And this is by design .
Kubrick and author Arthur C. Clarke intended the film and the novel to serve as companion pieces , to be consumed one right after the other .
Here ’s another fun fact :
The title sequence makes you feel like you can punch through walls !
Solyaris ( 1972 )
Perhaps worried about the widening “ Mindblowing Cinematic Science - Fiction Gap , ” the Ruskies released this Solyaris four years after 2001 and doubled - down on the hallucinogenic quotient .
Based on a novel by legendary sci-fi maven Stanislaw Lem , the plot revolves around a mysterious water - world and the cosmonaut in its orbit , as they attempt to communicate with one another .
Think My Dinner With Andre if Andre were a Class - O Planetoid and the dinner consisted solely of psilocybin mushrooms .
Director Andrei Tarkovsky loved making these kinds of movies — his 1979 film Stalkers is equally fantastic , in both the adjectival and superlative sense .
And he could also create a meditative , haunting , and beautiful sequence like nobody ’s business , as the clip here demonstrates .
Videodrome ( 1983 )
David Cronenberg ’s meditation on the perils of media saturation may have seemed dated 10 years ago , but it has renewed relevance in a world so enthralled with the internet that people can utter the word “ webinar ” with a straight face .
James
Woods is a seedy lowlife ( really playing against type there , I know ) looking for the Next Big Thing for his porn cable station .
When he stumbles across a pirate transmission of Videodrome , a “ show ” on which people are routinely tortured and killed , he resolves to discover the source of the broadcast and add the program to his lineup .
It ’s fitting that Videodrome and the word “ cyberpunk ” were introduced in the same year , because the former is steeped in the aesthetic of the latter .
It ’s a film that skillfully raises not only questions ( foremost among them :
How did a film this fucked up get greenlighted ? ) but also your lunch , and watching it is a thoroughly unpleasant experience .
Recommended !
The Quiet Earth ( 1985 )
Remember when people worried that the Large Hadron Collider would asplode the planet ?
Yeah , so this movie is kind of like that .
Physicist Zac Hobson wakes up one morning to discover that everyone else vanished from the face of the Earth when the mysterious “ Project Flashlight ” — on which he was working — was activated .
( Coincidentally , the one episode of Project Runway I saw also made me wish all humanity would disappear from the planet , but I digress . )
Bruno Lawrence ’s portrayal of a man alone in the world ( and slowly going mad ) rivals that of Charlton Heston in Omega Man .
And there are more plenty more surprises in store for our dear , deranged doctor .
Jacob ’s Ladder ( 1990 )
Perhaps as a reaction to the gritty realism of ‘ 80s - era Vietnam movies , director Adrian Lyne kicked off the following decade with this excursion into surrealism .
Jacob Singer finds it increasingly difficult to keep his current life as a divorced postal worker disentangled from his memories of serving in the Vietnam War , and eventually everything starts blurring into a huge , incomprehensible mess .
Is he suffering from PTSD ?
Did he inhale some verboten chemical on the fields of war ?
Has he started traveling through time , Slaughterhouse - Five style ?
Or is he just plain nuts ?
His hairstyle provides compelling evidence toward this last possibility , but you be the judge .
The Game ( 1997 )
Seeing Michael Douglas on a theater marquee is like seeing Chef Boyardee on a can :
You know the contents will be cheesy and geared toward an eighth - grade palate .
If that ’s what you thought after Basic Instinct and Disclosure , you may have skipped The Game .
And that ’s a shame , because it ’s actually an intelligent psychological thriller ( or , as I like to call them , “ Intellipsythrillogicalers ” ) , and directed by the guy who made Se7en ( which you loved ) and Fight Club ( which you loved ) .
It also provides an answer to the age - old question of what to get the man who has everything .
And that answer , it turns out , is HOLY SHIT TERROR !
After being enrolled in The Game , Douglas spends the rest of the movie trying to figure out if the people trying to kill him are just pretending to do so to give him a thrill , or if something has gone wrong and they actually want him dead .
Sounds fun , but you can just get me Cranium , thanks .
Abre los ojos ( 1997 )
César has it all :
He ’s rich , he ’s gorgeous , he ’s got a great friend , and has begun courting a beautiful woman .
But when an automobile collision leaves him disfigured , his life quickly goes to hell in a hand - basket .
Things get worse , and worse , and worse — until suddenly everything starts going his way again .
It ’s as if his dreams are coming true .
All of them .
Even the nightmares .
The overall premise is executed better in Vanilla Sky , the 2001 remake , but that film manages to come across as soulless despite being an almost shot - for - shot remake of the original .
Abre does n’t hide its secrets as well but feels more authentic , and though every character is flawed , you truly care about their fate .
Note :
The following trailer is in Spanish .
But you get to look at Penelope Cruz , so quit yer bellyaching .
Cube ( 1997 )
When I missed an episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer back in 2000 , a friend of mine loaned me a VHS tape on which he had recorded it .
I watched it later that evening , and then spent another 90 minutes glued to my television , transfixed by the movie that followed .
I was half convinced that the Buffy had overwritten the first 10 minutes of the film , the part that explained why these seven people were trapped in a giant metal labyrinth .
But , no :
That ’s just how Cube rolls .
If you want answers , feel free to watch Saw instead , which borrows liberally from Cube ’s traps - and - puzzles formula and then tacks on an ending to appease the masses .
But if you ’d rather just spend an hour and a half staring slack - jawed at your screen and wondering what in God ’s Green Earth is going on , then Cube is the film for you .
My buddy can even loan you the tape .
Dark City ( 1998 )
I ’m not going to lie to you — I love The Matrix .
But I ca n’t help but feel Dark City was robbed .
Released a year before Keanu and Carrie - Anne had us all wearing sunglasses and tight pleather pants ( or maybe that was just me ) , Dark City treads remarkably similar ground and does so with more aplomb ( albeit with a smaller budget ) .
It also taps into that pre-millennium “ my life does n’t feel like real life ” ennui that so many other films exploited around the same period .
Among its many other virtues , Dark City is also a masterful blend of a whole host of genres , from fantasy to science fiction to film noir .
Indeed , figuring out the kind of film you ’re watching — let alone what is happening within it — is half the fun .
Memento ( 2000 )
As I stood in line to buy my tickets , I noticed a small hand - lettered sign in the box - office window that read , “ People arriving five or more minutes late to Memento will not be allowed entrance . ”
This was at a small art - house cinema — not one to place arbitrary restrictions on its patrons — and it struck me as odd that the limitation applied solely to this one film , so I asked the cashier about it when I reached the front of the line .
“ You ca n’t understand anything about the film if you miss the first five minutes , ” she told me with a roll of her eyes .
“ We ’ve had late - comers charge out here after the end and demand that we explain the whole thing to them . ”
Writer / director Christopher Nolan ’s yarn noir tells the tale of a man with no short - term memory , searching for the man who killed his wife .
It ’s an intriguing premise made all the more engrossing by the unusual mode of presentation :
The story is told backwards , with each scene only as long as the protagonist can hold in his head before he forgets all that came before it .
Confused ?
Do n’t worry , it ’ll all make sense when you see it .
Unless you miss the first five minutes , apparently .
Mulholland Dr. ( 2001 )
Here are the makings of a fun evening .
Step one : Take your parents to see Mulholland Dr. Step 2 : Endure the hottest girl - on - girl sex scene in the history of mainstream cinema while sitting a foot and a half from your mom .
Step 3 : Take your parents out for dinner afterwards , but instead of making chit - chat spend your entire meal staring into the middle - distance while attempting to make sense of the previous two hours .
It ’s amazing that this film is n’t a mess .
David Lynch originally filmed the story as a pilot of a television series , then re-shot some scenes and cobbled together a feature - length film after the studio executives took a pass .
And yet somehow this rejected half - breed wound up as Lynch ’s finest work to date .
( “ Better than Dune ! ” raves Matthew Baldwin of The Morning News . )
Donnie Darko ( 2001 )
I originally omitted Donnie Darko from this list but then I realized I would get hate mail if I omitted Donnie Darko from this list so I put Donnie Darko on this list .
AND HERE’S A CLIP TOO ARE YOU HAPPY NOW JEEZE !
Primer ( 2004 )
The first 20 minutes of Primer are among the most prosaic ever committed to celluloid : four wanna - be entrepreneurs dicking around in a garage , then sitting around a kitchen table stuffing envelopes .
We know they are not working on anything new or exciting because the opening narration tells us as much .
We know their previous research has proven fruitless because the characters argue about who ’s to blame for their miserable lack of success .
And then they invent … something .
The viewer does n’t know exactly what they ’ve invented , primarily because the protagonists themselves do n’t know what they ’ve invented .
In fact , much of the film ’s remaining 60 minutes focuses on their efforts to figure out what this thing does and how they can capitalize on it .
If the films in this list were arranged in order of ascending awesomeness rather than chronologically , Primer would still occupy the final slot .
Made on a budget of $ 7,000 ( seven ! thousand ! ) ,
Primer is one of the few movies I have ever watched twice in a row — and certainly the only movie I ’ve ever watched at 8 a.m. after having watched it twice in a row on the evening prior .
It ’s like a deep - tissue massage for your brain — afterwards you may hurt like hell , but you ’ll also feel strangely invigorated .
Composite photo shows all three floors containing the 264,000 - pound , 10 - meter diameter target chamber .
Diagnostic instruments will be attached to the round hatches .
Photo montage by Jacqueline McBride
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Construction of the National Ignition Facility ( NIF ) , the world 's largest and highest - energy laser system , was essentially completed on Feb. 26 , when technicians at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ( LLNL ) , where the laser is located , fired the first full system shot to the center of the NIF target chamber .
The test was the first time all 192 laser beams converged simultaneously in the 10 - meter - diameter chamber .
NIF has met all of its project completion criteria except for official certification of project completion by the U.S. Department of Energy , due by March 31 .
" This a major milestone for the greater NIF team , for the nation and the world , " said Edward Moses , LLNL 's principal associate director for NIF & Photon Science .
" We are well on our way to achieving what we set out to do - controlled , sustained nuclear fusion and energy gain for the first time ever in a laboratory setting . "
" Although not required for formal completion of the NIF Project , " added Project Director Ralph Patterson , " it is extremely satisfying to wind up the project by firing all beams . "
An average of 420 joules of ultraviolet laser energy , known as 3 - omega , was achieved for each beamline , for a total energy of more than 80 kilojoules ( a joule is the energy needed to lift a small apple one meter against the Earth 's gravity ) .
The energy level will be increased during the next several months , and when all NIF lasers are fired at full energy , they will deliver 1.8 megajoules of ultraviolet energy to a BB - sized target in a 20 - nanosecond shaped laser pulse , generating 500 trillion watts of peak power -- more than the peak electrical generating power of the entire United States .
This is considered more than enough energy to fuse the hydrogen isotopes of deuterium and tritium in the target into helium nuclei ( alpha particles ) and yield considerably more energy in the process than was required to initiate the reaction .
For the past several weeks scientists and technicians have been conducting readiness tests within the NIF .
" The system already has produced 20 times more energy than any other laser system , and will triple that number in the months ahead , " Moses said .
" NIF is well on its way to producing breakthroughs in science never imagined .
Through our readiness testing we will see glimpses of what that future will bring . "
The facility will hold an official dedication ceremony on May 29 .
Scientific experiments will start as soon as this spring , including high - energy - density studies in support of the National Nuclear Security Administration ( NNSA ) 's Stockpile Stewardship Program .
The program ensures the safety and security of the nation 's nuclear weapons stockpile .
Later in the year , the National Ignition Campaign , a multi-institutional effort that will take NIF from a construction project to routine operations as a highly flexible high - energy - density science facility , will begin conducting a series of shots to prepare for the first credible attempts at ignition planned for late 2010 .
In addition its work in stockpile stewardship , NIF will be a key player in providing energy security for the United States .
By demonstrating the ability to attain fusion ignition in the laboratory , NIF will lay the groundwork for future decisions about fusion 's long - term potential as a safe , virtually unlimited energy source .
Fusion , the same energy source that powers the stars , produces no greenhouse gases and is environmentally more benign than fossil - fuel or nuclear - fission - based energy .
NIF also is an important tool for astrophysicists engaged in the study of how materials change when they are subjected to the tremendous gravitational pressures inside planets .
At last month 's annual conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Chicago , Raymond Jeanloz , professor of earth and planetary science at UC Berkeley , discussed research that he and his colleagues will carry out on NIF .
" NIF has given us a real breakthrough experimentally , so we can actually study the properties of matter at these conditions , " Jeanloz said .
" This is a new kind of chemistry of materials that we 're on the brink of being able to explore . "
" That NIF is now well on its way to initial ignition experiments in 2010 is a tribute to the ingenuity , dedication and hard work of an extraordinarily talented team of scientists , engineers and technicians , supported by an equally talented and energetic administrative staff , " Moses said .
" The year 2010 will mark the golden anniversary of the demonstration of the first laser and the concept of inertial confinement fusion , " he said .
" Our goal is to achieve fusion ignition and burn , launching a new era of high energy density science and energy research .
As a national and international user facility , NIF will provide unique opportunities to expand the frontiers of science in areas that will help safeguard our national and global security , provide alternatives for clean energy in the future , and enhance our understanding of the universe .
" We have an incredible amount to do and an incredible amount to learn , " Moses said .
" Completing the construction project and transitioning NIF to an operating facility is something we 're very proud of , and what we 're about to do with it will be even better . "
The last of NIF 's 6,206 various optical - mechanical and controls system modules , called " line replaceable units " or LRUs , was installed on Jan. 26 .
The first LRU , a flashlamp , was installed on Sept. 26 , 2001 .
Workers have aligned and tuned NIF 's final optical assemblies , which focus and convert the frequency of the project 's 192 laser beams as they enter the target chamber and converge on the tiny target .
Experimental systems and diagnostics are also being installed .
Software for the integrated computer control system , which handles shot automation , has been completed .
Charles H. Townes , who won the 1964 Nobel Prize in physics for developing the laser , visited NIF on Dec. 19 and said he was " amazed " by the facility 's capabilities .
" When I was inventing the laser and hoping to build the first one , I was hoping to get ... milliwatts of power with a small laboratory device .
I just never imagined anything like this coming out of it . "
Provided by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Explore further World ’s largest laser picks up the pace
Real Madrid's Pepe After Receiving Three Reds : Sorry , But I 'm Not A Violent Player
The Portuguese ace lost the rag during his side 's win over Getafe ...
With the scores level at 2 - 2 , Pepe hauled down Geta's
The furious stopper had to be escorted off the pitch by goalkeeper Iker Casillas amidst ugly scenes that also saw a small battle break out at full time , largely involving the Azulones defender Daniel ' Cata ' Diaz .
Pepe 's side went on to win the match after Iker Casillas saved the weak penalty and Gonzalo Higuain netted a last - second winner for the ten -man Blancos , but with Pepe now likely to miss three games at the absolute minimum , coach Juande Ramos has a defensive headache ahead of him .
Update 00:34 CET : Speaking to the press after the game , Pepe remarked that he was not , contrary to appearances , a violent person .
He said , " I am very sad and disappointed with my attitude .
It was in the heat of the moment , and as a human being I am entitled to make mistakes .
But the important thing is for me to recognise my mistake .
I apologise to the fans , to Real Madrid , to Casquero , and to everyone else .
" I was n't able to speak to [ Casquero ] after the game , so I ask him for his forgiveness in front of the media .
This has never happened before in my life .
I try to deal with bad things differently .
I have no idea what happened to me .
I have no explanation for my attitude .
" I do n't know what will happen now .
I 'm not a violent player .
I 've only had a few bookings this season and I hope that this is taken into account .
But I know that I 'm in the wrong and that I must be punished . "
Steve Michaels , Goal.com
Real Madrid centre - back
Pepe was shown the red card no fewer than three times as his side edged Getafe at the Santiago Bernabeu .
With the scores level at 2 - 2 , Pepe hauled down Geta 's Javier Casquero in the box , earning a second booking , but also twice kicked out at the supine midfielder , before apparently stamping on him .
The furious stopper had to be escorted off the pitch by goalkeeper Iker Casillas amidst ugly scenes that also saw a small battle break out at full time , largely involving the Azulones defender Daniel ' Cata ' Diaz .
Pepe 's side went on to win the match after Iker Casillas saved the weak penalty and Gonzalo Higuain netted a last - second winner for the ten -man Blancos , but with Pepe now likely to miss three games at the absolute minimum , coach Juande Ramos has a defensive headache ahead of him .
Speaking to the press after the game , Pepe remarked that he was not , contrary to appearances , a violent person .
He said , " I am very sad and disappointed with my attitude .
It was in the heat of the moment , and as a human being I am entitled to make mistakes .
But the important thing is for me to recognise my mistake .
I apologise to the fans , to Real Madrid , to Casquero , and to everyone else .
" I was n't able to speak to [ Casquero ] after the game , so I ask him for his forgiveness in front of the media .
This has never happened before in my life .
I try to deal with bad things differently .
I have no idea what happened to me .
I have no explanation for my attitude .
" I do n't know what will happen now .
I 'm not a violent player .
I 've only had a few bookings this season and I hope that this is taken into account .
But I know that I 'm in the wrong and that I must be punished . "
Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
From : delmir
2009 -04-20 07:15 am ( UTC )
Stupid truck tease .
I hit that .
( Deleted comment )
From : lol_comics
2009 -04-20 07:16 am ( UTC )
Platinum , but the chart appeals to all of the games ~
Except for that last step .
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
From : persephoneia
2009 -04-20 07:15 am ( UTC )
Hahah .
After a day of playing pokemon this is quite amusing .
Edited at 2009 - 04 - 20 07:16 am ( UTC )
From : misskass
2009 -04-20 07:23 am ( UTC )
I used to leave my Gameboy on overnight so I could rack up the 150 hours of play time needed to find the Mew under the truck .
From : prguitarman
2009 -04-20 07:24 am ( UTC )
That 's a new one for me .
From : unmovinglibrary
2009 -04-20 07:28 am ( UTC )
WHO WOULD WANT TO BE REAL FRIENDS WITH YOU
Going to go play this now .
Shall be drunk within a few minutes .
From : squall87
2009-05-06 11:45 pm ( UTC )
WHO WOULD WANT TO BE REAL FRIENDS WITH YOU
I would .
:D
Chris is awesome , but he's in Texas and a furry as such I hate him with every fiber in my soul .
( Though I 'd still hit it , and then jump off a bridge since I had sex with a furry , but that 's between you and me . ;)
From : jarnetatron
2009 -04-20 07:36 am ( UTC )
You can get fucking " shinies " in Gameboy games now ?
Goddamn I feel old .
From : squall87
2009-05-06 11:46 pm ( UTC )
You 've been able to since Gold / Silver / Crystal , dude .
Just they 're rare ( except that one Gyarados in G / S / C that 's a freebie ) .
Yes , I 'm a pathetic man child that has played nearly all the versions of Pokemon to completion .
From : ghetto_ninjette
2009 -04-20 07:44 am ( UTC )
... I know a few people who would play that game in a heartbeat >.> ... XD
* links them to this entry * \o /
From : 3libras
2009 -04-20 07:48 am ( UTC )
I love this so much .
From : ceasefire
2009 -04 -20 07:50 am ( UTC )
I 'm gonna go play this right now .
From : loni_lovesalot
2009 -04-20 07:51 am ( UTC )
Amazing !
I know what I 'm doing tonight !
From : jedi_iwakura
2009 -04-20 07:53 am ( UTC )
" I THINK I CAUGHT ZAPDOS ! "
" WAIT , REALLY ?
LET ME SEE -- ... THE GAMEBOY IS TURNED OFF , DUDE . "
" ;- ; "
From : winter_ruins
2009 -04-20 07:54 am ( UTC )
I once played a Pokemon drinking game to the anime .
... I honestly can't remember it ( as I do n't remember much of the show ) , but I clearly remember :
- Take a shot everytime someone says " I choose you , _____ . "
We had to pause the video several times in the first episode , and were loaded .
... I also think one of them was " Take a shot everytime Ash says something stupid , " and " everytime Pikachu shocks him . "
From : ashhorne
2009 -04-20 08:24 am ( UTC )
I 'm not the only one then ?
I did that with some mates too .
We had to down the shot every time :
1. Brock fawned over a girl
2 . Team rocket recited their motto
3. Team Rocket said " we 're blasting off again ! "
4 . Ash does something stupid and noobish ( e.g. using ' quick attack ' against a Gengar and then being really fucking surprised when it does n't work .
Idiot . )
5 . Every time Ash said the words " Pikachu ! Thundershock / Thunderbolt / Thunder / Volt Tackle ! "
We also did it for Top Gear episodes too .
Every time Clarkson said " How hard can it be ? " or " And on that bombshell " .
And every time any of the presenters used a witty analogy to describe a car rather than cold hard fact .
These days I can't tell if i have a liver of steel or if it 's severely weakened through torrid abuse . >.
From : cyrusimrae
2009-04-20 07:56 am ( UTC )
Why the grass starter hate ?
D :
From : prguitarman
2009-04-20 07:57 am ( UTC )
Evens the playing field since it's the EASY MODE choice .
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
From : ashhorne
2009 -04-20 08:15 am ( UTC )
Is n't it ' La Proxima Dia ' since Dia is feminine and therefore Proximo should be , which also changes ' el ' to 'la ' ?
Nevermind .
* slaps self *
From : kashiichan
2009 -04-20 09:17 am ( UTC )
This is gold .
Time Warner Cable 's plan to impose tiered data caps on Internet users imploded last week , but that does n't mean TWC users can download to their heart 's content .
No , like many other ISPs without explicit data caps , TWC retains an " acceptable use policy " that lets it curtail any " abuse " of its network , as one user found out the hard way .
StoptheCap.com has been covering the TWC case in obsessive detail ( seriously , we 're a little worried ) , and it yesterday published the story of a TWC user from Austin , Texas who ran afoul of the acceptable use policy .
Ryan Howard had his Internet connection cut off by the company with no notification ; only after a full day of phone calls and two new cable modems did a service rep suggest he call TWC's " security and abuse center . "
Turns out , Howard had transferred 44GB of data in a single week , enough to put him in the penalty box .
( He apparently violated this clause : " The ISP Service may not be used to engage in any conduct that interferes with Operator 's ability to provide service to others , including the use of excessive bandwidth . " )
He asked about the limit so that he could stay under it in future , but could n't get an answer .
Instead , it was suggested that he use " perhaps half or a quarter as much " data in a week .
Assuming that the trigger is somewhere around 40 GB / week , that works out to 160 GB / month — still a full 90 GB under Comcast 's 250 GB / month cap .
And if Howard is really supposed to use only " half or a quarter " of this amount , that means TWC imposes a de facto limit of between 40 GB / month to 80 GB / month .
When services like Netflix require 3GB just to stream one high - def movie to an Xbox 360 , it 's not hard to see how a household with a few computers , a game console , and ( say ) an iPhone might hit such caps without doing anything piratical or " abusive . "
Such practices are n't limited to TWC , of course .
While ISPs like Comcast have adopted explicit caps , others like AT&T have not , even though they reserve the right to curtail abuse on the network .
Given the importance of an Internet connection for everything from telecommuting to entertainment to phone service to e-mail to keeping up on politics , this is one of those areas where ambiguity should give way to clarity .
People simply need to know what 's allowed and what 's not .
ISPs have sometimes tried to solve the problem by calling people first and asking them to rein it in , an approach far preferable to simply shutting off someone 's Internet access after they hit some unpublished threshold .
This is n't just pro-consumer — it 's pro-business , too , unless you 're in a business that enjoys lawsuits .
Comcast last year paid the state of Florida $ 150,000 to deal with this exact issue and the ambiguity that surrounded it .
Each month , Comcast would contact the top 1,000 users of its 14.4 million user network network , regardless of how much data they had transferred , and warn them that they were violating the acceptable use policy .
When users asked what the limit was , they were simply told that they needed to stay out of the top 1,000 user list — something impossible to know .
The state attorney general said that " a ' top 1,000 ' criteria , as previously applied , did not clearly and conspicuously disclose to the consumer the specific amount of bandwidth deemed to be excessive under Comcast 's subscriber agreements . "
In response , Comcast adopted the explicit 250 GB / month cap .
In any event , whatever the realities of traffic on TWC 's data network , the cable company 's situation just can't be all that dire .
As StoptheCap.com noted today , TWC has just given San Antonio users a free bandwidth upgrade from 10 Mbps to 15 M bps — basically begging them to transfer more data in a month .
Last year China denied reports it hacked into Pentagon computers The United States ' defence department says China is developing " disruptive " technologies for nuclear , space and cyber warfare .
These are shifting the military balance in Asia and have implications beyond the region , said the latest report by the Pentagon on China 's armed forces .
It again criticised Beijing for a lack of transparency in reporting military spending and security policy .
The report also welcomed the rise of a peaceful , stable and prosperous China .
" However , " it adds , " much uncertainty surrounds China 's future course , particularly regarding how its expanding military power might be used . "
Projecting power ?
China is successfully managing to expand its arsenal of sophisticated weaponry , even though China 's ability to sustain military power at a distance remains limited , the Pentagon reported .
Chinese " armed forces continue to develop and field disruptive military technologies " , including " nuclear , space , and cyber warfare " .
SOUTH CHINA SEA TENSIONS Territorial claims from China , the Philippines , Taiwan , Brunei , Vietnam and Malaysia overlap in resource - rich sea Hosts some of the world 's busiest shipping lanes China says the US was in its Exclusive Economic Zone - but the two sides disagree on what activities are allowed in an EEZ Some of these developments help China to participate in international peacekeeping , humanitarian and counter - piracy missions , it acknowledged .
But they could also allow China to " project power to ensure access to resources or enforce claims to disputed territories , " the report said .
The Pentagon analysis said China is developing weapons that would disable its enemies ' space technology such as satellites , boosting its electromagnetic warfare and cyber - warfare capabilities and continuing to modernise its nuclear arsenal .
It also said China had sold nearly $ 7bn ( £ 4.8 bn ) worth of conventional arms in the global market , with Pakistan as the main customer .
The Pentagon noted China 's construction of large naval base on Hainan Island " with direct access to vital international sea lanes " .
offering " the potential for stealthy deployment of submarines into the deep waters of the South China Sea " .
Its report comes after a confrontation between US and Chinese ships in China 's exclusive economic zone south of Hainan , during which China accused the US of spying .
China claims sovereignty over the Spratly and Paracel islands - claims challenged by a number of neighbouring countries .
The report estimated 2008 China 's military spending was roughly double that of a decade ago .
Beijing usually criticises the Pentagon report , saying it unfairly portrays China as a military threat when it is committed to a " peaceful rise " as its economic power grows .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Everyone want to watch movies and that is the reason sites like Youtube , Daily Motion , Watch .
IS and many more are available .
Watching movies are free for all to watch online and all you have to do is to go to one of those sites to watch your favorite movies and TV series .
One thing that bothers everyone since most people are going to their workplace or school , how on earth are they going to watch those .
They ca n’t bring their computer as that would be probably prohibited .
Fortunately , there is a way to make it available on whatever platform you have .
You can download it from the source and it wo n’t cost you a thing .
How can you download your favorite video ?
There are apps that you can that you can use and one of them happens to be free .
Vidmate is one of the best known applications currently available for downloading videos and songs from online services like Vimeo , Dailymotion , YouTube , Instagram , FunnyorDie , Sex Video , Vine , Tumblr , Soundcloud , Metacafe , and tons of other multimedia portals .
With this highly recommended app , you ’ll get to download from practically any video site .
The number keeps going up
Currently , the number of downloads has reached 220 million in smartphones as of this writing .
It looks like that the number will keep on going as the number of people using the site is increasing every second .
If you are not into movies then you can use Vidmate to download some of the games for your smartphone .
Once , you downloaded it , it would be ready to play wherever you go .
Free for all
Do n’t worry about not having enough money to pay for it all since it is a free platform and you are allowed to download any app that you might like .
All you have to do is to go to their site then download the video or game that you like .
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) — Debate is heating up in the United States on establishing a “ truth commission ” to investigate whether the Bush administration abused its legal powers under the guise of its “ war on terror . ”
“ Nothing has done more damage to America ’s place in the world than the revelation that this nation stretched the law and the bounds of executive power to authorize torture and cruel treatment , ” said Patrick Leahy , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
He opened a hearing on Wednesday pressing for such an investigation saying it was badly needed as each week brought new revelations of alleged abuses under the administration of former US president George W. Bush .
On Monday , the administration of new President Barack Obama , published nine internal memos dating back to the Bush years .
They revealed how the former administration had given itself ample room to skirt the law on a number of controversial practices , such as the transfer of prisoners for secret interrogations or the power to wiretap phones without warrants .
Any eventual investigation could take various forms and be led either by the Congress , the criminal justice system or an independent commission .
On Wednesday , Leahy said the United States would see that “ such a commission of inquiry would shed light on what mistakes were made so that we can learn from those errors and not repeat them . ”
“ By carefully gathering the facts , a commission can tell the whole story , not just of each individual agency studied in isolation , but of how all parts of the US government interacted in the handling of the detainees , ” said Thomas Pickering , a former senior US State Department official .
For Pickering , as for Lee Gunn , a former admiral , such a commission would report to the Justice Department , handing over to the department the eventual authority to bring any legal charges .
They pleaded for the commission to have the power to call witnesses to testify , but not to be able to offer immunity in exchange for their testimony , or only in some rare cases .
Republicans are already gearing for a battle .
“ It ’s a fishing expedition , ” said Arlen Specter , a Republican member of the Senate committee , while defending the principle of legal action on a case by case basis .
“ It is naive to expect a mere commission to settle an ongoing and embittered controversy about past government policy and replace it with a new consensus on historical truth , ” said law professor Jeremy Rabkin from George Mason university in Virginia .
For Rabkin , such “ truth commissions ” were appropriate in countries such as Chile emerging from the repressive dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet or in South Africa after the brutality of the apartheid era .
“ We are not remotely in that situation in the United States , ” he argued .
And attorney David Rivkin , who worked in the Justice Department under the administration of former president Ronald Reagan , warned such a commission would have huge legal ramifications .
“ It is important to recognize that one of the commissions ’ most dangerous effects would be to increase the likelihood of former US government officials being prosecuted overseas , whether in the courts of foreign countries or before international tribunals , ” he said .
( Source )
Barack Obama
Obama Restoring Endangered Species Act Provision
By Juliet Eilperin
Today President Obama will restore rules requiring U.S. agencies consult with independent federal experts to determine if their actions might harm threatened and endangered species , according to an administration official who asked not to be identified , marking yet another reversal of President Bush 's environmental legacy .
In December 2008 , the Bush administration changed a longstanding practice under the Endangered Species
Act by issuing rules that allowed agencies to move ahead with projects and programs without seeking an independent review by either the Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Environmentalists and scientists said this shift could allow agencies to press ahead with plans that could hurt already - vulnerable species across the country .
Today Obama will issue a presidential memorandum , an administration official said , that will direct departments to yet again consult with the two agencies on decisions that could affect imperiled plants and animals " while the Interior and Commerce Departments review the Bush rulemaking . "
The move , the official said , " will restore the status quo ante and allow the Interior and Commerce Departments to determine whether a new rule should be promulgated that will again codify the longstanding consultation practice under the " Endangered Species Act .
House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Nick J. Rahall ( D - W.V. ) , who had decried the Bush rule and had been trying to reverse it through the legislative process , hailed Obama 's decision .
" I wholeheartedly support the president 's proposal to restore the protections for endangered species that the Bush administration spent so many years trying to undermine , " Rahall said in an interview .
" It is one more indication that the new administration truly represents change for the better and is committed to the protection of our natural resources and our environment .
I think we know who would have been the winner in this fox guarding the hen house scenario advanced by the Bush administration , and it would not be the hens . "
Obama is scheduled to visit the Interior Department this afternoon , to commemorate the agency 's 160th anniversary .
Kieran Suckling , executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity , said the memorandum would have a tremendous impact .
" Endangered species are breathing a deep sigh of relief today , " Suckling said .
" The consultation process is the heart of the Endangered Species Act power .
By reversing Bush 's attempt to deregulate the consultation process , Obama restored oversight and balance and has given endangered species a good fighting chance of survival . "
Posted at 10:43 AM ET on Mar 3 , 2009 | Category : Barack Obama
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : Obama , Pelosi Still Finding Their Way | Next : Two Potential Deputy Secretaries Bowing Out
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : feliciasmith1 | March 6 , 2009 1:44 PM
Posted by : annebeckett | March 4 , 2009 2:05 PM
Posted by : JakeD | March 4 , 2009 12:46 PM
Posted by : Factspleez | March 4 , 2009 12:05 PM
Posted by : JMSeipp | March 3 , 2009 10:52 PM
Posted by : JakeD | March 3 , 2009 8:27 PM
Posted by : zjr78xva | March 3 , 2009 7:09 PM
Posted by : chrisfox8 | March 3 , 2009 5:03 PM
Posted by : rnguyen1 | March 3 , 2009 4:27 PM
Posted by : Slager21 | March 3 , 2009 4:16 PM
Posted by : hansenthered | March 3 , 2009 4:14 PM
Posted by : wesatch | March 3 , 2009 4:13 PM
Posted by : castanea | March 3 , 2009 4:09 PM
Posted by : JAH3 | March 3 , 2009 4:09 PM
Posted by : castanea | March 3 , 2009 4:08 PM
Posted by : BigRoy | March 3 , 2009 3:53 PM
Posted by : pookiecat | March 3 , 2009 3:47 PM
Posted by : lichtme | March 3 , 2009 3:45 PM
Posted by : indep2 | March 3 , 2009 3:44 PM
Posted by : AverageJane | March 3 , 2009 3:38 PM
Posted by : tichy 1 | March 3 , 2009 3:36 PM
Posted by : zjr78xva | March 3 , 2009 3:09 PM
Posted by : askgees | March 3 , 2009 2:45 PM
Posted by : apm1 | March 3 , 2009 2:35 PM
Posted by : sarahabc | March 3 , 2009 2:34 PM
Posted by : beenthere3 | March 3 , 2009 2:34 PM
Posted by : Gatsby1 | March 3 , 2009 2:30 PM
Posted by : wonders7 | March 3 , 2009 2:23 PM
Posted by : askgees | March 3 , 2009 2:13 PM
Posted by : chrisfox8 | March 3 , 2009 1:52 PM
Posted by : nodebris | March 3 , 2009 1:14 PM
Posted by : onestring | March 3 , 2009 12:15 PM
Posted by : scrivener50 | March 3 , 2009 12:11 PM
Posted by : T - Prop | March 3 , 2009 11:24 AM
Posted by : ignoranceisbliss | March 3 , 2009 11:18 AM
Posted by : parkerfl1 | March 3 , 2009 11:02 AM
Posted by : JakeD | March 3 , 2009 10:51 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
October 7th , I see the city fall to its knees , prostrate before the wave of depraved humanity that infests her .
I walk her shadowed angles , the redeemer of her myriad sins .
Â
Two men laugh .
Fat and content .
Soft .
Weak .
They reek of arrogance .
A foul , putrid smell .
Like hot dog burps .
Â
Or is that actual hot dog burps ?
Must remember to get mask cleaned .
Must cut back on hot dogs .
A scream echoes in the night .
I smile .
Work begins .
*** Nevermind .
Scream was just tires squealing .
Been like four hours now and no crime .
I walk the alleyways , knee - deep in human filth .
Praying for action .
A woman jaywalks and I flip her off .
Some may call that extreme .
Nowhere near extreme enough , I say .
She 's lucky it was n't the double bird .
The first bird is only meant to scare .
The second ?
The second one 's for real .
She flips me off back .
We stand across the street from one another , still but for the increasingly extravagant sweeping motions I am making with my middle fingers .
This battle is lost already , she just does n't know it yet .
She will know it .
I will tell her .
And when she cannot take anymore , when she has been flipped the bird so hard that she can feel its spiteful protuberance within that stinking rat 's nest she calls a mind , only then will I stop .
Only then will I relent .
Two minutes pass .
She turns in disgust and leaves .
I call it a victory .
There is no victory here .
Only levels of defeat .
*** A child .
Innocence soon to be corrupted .
He turns and smiles and I remember what it was like to smile .
Always false .
Every smile like a promise broken .
The truth is a grimace .
The truth is a growl .
The truth is a howl of rage cut dead in the night .
He offers me his ice cream cone .
I take a lick .
It is vanilla .
Who Cares About the Invention of the Sewing Machine ?
I first want to thank Eugene for inviting me to blog on the invention and commercialization of the sewing machine in the antebellum era .
I 've long been a consumer of the Volokh Conspiracy , and it 's quite exciting to experience it from the producer 's side .
More important , I 'm really looking forward to sharing my research and to receiving some valuable feedback .
So , let 's jump in !
As someone who writes on topics in legal history , I often face the question : Who cares ?
I appreciate this question , as I 've always believed it 's critical for an academic to connect abstract identifications to concrete reality .
I will give an in - depth answer to that question at the end of my posts , after I have identified the facts of the invention and commercialization of the sewing machine that make it possible to infer lessons for the modern policy debates .
For those readers who may not have a burning personal interest in the history as such , I hope this introductory posting will set enough of the modern policy context to keep you interested .
There is currently a raging debate in the patent literature about patent thickets .
A " patent thicket " exists when too many patents covering individual elements of a commercial product are separately owned by different entities .
This concept is not unique to patent law ; it is based on Professor Michael Heller 's theory of the anticommons in real property , which arises when there is excessive fragmentation of ownership interests in a single parcel of land .
According to economic theory , the problem of such excessive fragmentation of ownership interests is straightforward :
It increases transaction costs , accentuates hold - out problems , and precipitates costly litigation , which prevents commercial development of the affected property .
The debate centers on whether patent thicket theory accurately explains or predicts such problems in practice , and the empirical studies produced thus far are arguably in equipoise .
In speaking about anticommons theory , Professor Heller acknowledges that " the empirical studies that prove — or disprove — our theory remain inconclusive . "
Nonetheless , in the patent literature and in the popular press , vivid anecdotes abound about patent thickets obstructing development of new drugs or preventing the distribution of life - enhancing genetically engineered foods to the developing world .
Given the heightened interest today amongst scholars and lawyers concerning the existence and policy significance of patent thickets , a historical analysis of the sewing machine patent thicket in the 1850s — called the " Sewing Machine War " at the time — and the denouement of this patent thicket in the Sewing Machine Combination of 1856 is important .
On one hand , it is an empirical case study of a patent thicket that ( temporarily ) prevented the commercial development of an important product of the Industrial Revolution .
The sewing machine was the result of numerous incremental and complementary inventive contributions , which led to a morass of patent infringement litigation given overlapping patent claims to the final commercial product .
The Sewing Machine War thus confirms that patent thickets exist , and that they can lead to what Professor Heller has identified as the tragedy of the anticommons .
On the other hand , the story of the sewing machine challenges some underlying assumptions in the current discourse about patent thickets .
One assumption is that patent thickets are primarily a modern problem having to do with recent changes in technology and law .
Professor
Heller explicitly makes this point in his recently published book , The Gridlock Economy :
There has been an unnoticed revolution in how we create wealth .
In the old economy — ten or twenty years ago — you invented a product and got a patent ....
Today , the leading edge of wealth creation requires assembly .
From drugs to telecom , software to semiconductors , anything high tech demands assembly of innumerable patents .
In fact , Professor Heller 's first foray into patent thicket theory was in assessing an anticommons in " biomedical research , " which he and his co-author , Professor Rebecca Eisenberg , saw as a logical result of extensive patenting of biotech research tools .
Despite Heller 's and other scholars ' off - hand references to earlier patent thickets , the principal focus of the theoretical and empirical studies of patent thickets is on very recent inventions in high - tech and science — computers , telecommunications , and biotech .
A second assumption is that patent thickets are a property problem — too much property that is too easily acquired that results in too much control — and so they are best addressed by limiting the property rights secured to patentees .
Specific proposals have called for eliminating contractual rights in patented drugs , authorizing federal agencies to terminate patent rights to avoid patent thickets , and even prohibiting the patenting biotech inventions altogether .
Although the empirics have yet to confirm patent thicket theory , this has not stopped people from proposing numerous regulatory or statutory measures to redefine and limit property rights in patents .
The story of the invention and development of the sewing machine challenges these two assumptions insofar as it is a story of a patent thicket in an old technology .
More important , it is a story of the successful resolution of a thicket through a private - ordering mechanism : a contractual arrangement in which patent - owners cross-license the right to use their respective patents .
This cross-licensing contractual arrangement is called a " patent pool , " and it so happens that the first patent pool in United States history was the one that brought the Sewing Machine War to an end : the Sewing Machine Combination of 1856 .
In fact , the Sewing Machine Combination successfully coordinated the overlapping property claims in the sewing machine until the last patent in the pool expired in 1877 .
As I researched the Sewing Machine War , I further discovered that this particular patent thicket is an important case study because it encompasses many other issues in patent law that are often intertwined today with concerns about patent thickets .
For instance , there was massive and costly litigation between multiple parties in multiple venues .
One of the patentees in the Sewing Machine War engaged in an extremely costly search for evidence of prior inventions ( what patent lawyers call " prior art " ) that would invalidate the other sewing machine patents .
There was hard - fought and expensive satellite litigation in the courts and in the patent office .
In other words , the Sewing Machine War reflected all of the concerns expressed today about an alleged explosion in out - of - control patent litigation , and yet one finds the same conditions existing in the patent system more than one hundred years ago .
Last , but certainly not least , I also discovered that the Sewing Machine War was precipitated by patent infringement lawsuits filed by Elias Howe , who was America 's first " non-practicing entity " ( NPE ) .
As an aside , commentators and judges sometimes call a NPE a " patent troll . "
Interestingly , the term " patent troll " has proven extremely difficult to define with precision , and perhaps one of the lessons of the Sewing Machine War is that it is an unhelpful rhetorical epithet .
Elias Howe was a NPE , because he commercially exploited his patent by licensing sewing machine manufacturers .
He also obtained injunctions against those who refused to pay him royalties , and given that Howe 's 1846 patents was valid , he obtained many of these injunctions .
This is interesting , because patent scholars , as well as some Supreme Court Justices , believe that " patent trolls " arose only recently and that they are undermining the proper functioning of the patent system .
Such scholars and Justices may be surprised to learn how these so - called modern problems have long existed within the historically successful American patent system .
The Sewing Machine War came to an end with the voluntary formation of the Sewing Machine Combination .
In this respect , the Sewing Machine Combination reveals how patent - owners have substantial incentives to overcome patent thickets , even in contexts in which so - called " patent trolls " are exploiting the strong enforcement of the property rights in patents .
The Combination was formed though pre-existing private - ordering mechanisms , such as contract and corporate law , and not through judicial decisions , PTO regulations , or statutes that limited or restricted the patent - owners ' property rights .
In sum , the Sewing Machine Combination reveals the innovative ways in which patent - owners can rescue themselves from commercial gridlock , and in so doing , unleash an explosion in productivity and innovation .
In my next posting , I will discuss the invention of the sewing machine , which was an effort that took place over a hundred years ( approximately from the mid-1700s to the mid-1800s ) .
The result of this lengthy inventive process was that the sewing machine — a tremendous technological accomplishment — was developed through incremental inventive steps .
By the early 1850s , the inventive contributions by so many different people over so many years resulted in a product in which there were many differing ( and legitimate ) property claims .
This set the stage for the Sewing Machine War , and thus to understand how this thicket arose , it is necessary to identify its first cause .
I will discuss this part of the story in my next blog posting .
( If anyone is interested in seeing the sources for the quotes and other factual claims in my posts , please feel free to download my paper , A Stitch in Time : The Rise and Fall of the Sewing Machine Patent Thicket , where you can see the sources in all their glory .
As everyone who reads law journal articles knows by now , law professors love citations so much , we put them on almost every sentence , phrase and word . :) )
Torture and the crisis of American democracy
21 April 2009
The publication of previously classified Bush Justice Department memos detailing and approving forms of torture has become the focus of a political crisis that marks a new stage in the decay of American democracy .
The release of the memos and the Obama administration ’s rejection of criminal investigations of CIA torturers and the Bush administration officials , beginning with the former president and vice president , who gave the orders for their actions will have far - reaching consequences for the Obama administration and the future political trajectory of the United States .
The question of publishing the memos provoked a bitter conflict within the state .
The administration itself was internally divided , with CIA Director Leon Panetta vigorously opposed and Attorney General Eric Holder in favor .
In line with his general modus operandi , Obama sought to split the difference between the competing factions , but on terms favorable to the most right - wing forces .
Characteristically , Obama sought to give the appearance of a break with the policies of his predecessor by publishing the memos , while seeking to conceal the complicity of the entire political and media establishment and reassure the CIA and the military that his administration would continue the basic thrust of Bush ’s anti-democratic policies .
Evidently , Obama and his political advisers believed that this solution would contain the controversy over torture .
In fact , it has produced the opposite result .
It has led to further revelations on the scale and severity of the abuses while placing the administration in the legally untenable position of admitting that both domestic and international laws were violated , while shielding the lawbreakers from prosecution .
This itself , as the United Nations rapporteur on torture has declared , is a violation of international laws which require a government to prosecute officials involved in torture .
It has only further embittered the conflict within the state .
Bush administration CIA Director Michael Hayden , a retired Air Force general , has openly campaigned against the release of the memos .
He appeared on “ Fox News Sunday ” over the weekend to defend the interrogation methods and denounce Obama for allegedly jeopardizing US national security and aiding terrorists by making the memos public .
Obama felt obliged to pay a visit Monday to CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia in an attempt to quell dissent within the agency .
The White House ’s defense of torturers highlights the growth of the power of the military - intelligence apparatus , a state - within - a - state which is , in practice , beyond any democratic control or accountability .
Congress as well as the White House habitually defer to it , in no small part because they are fearful that a situation might arise in which the national security establishment openly defied the authority of the elected government .
The parlous state of American democracy finds expression in methods traditionally associated with totalitarian governments .
This is the outcome of a protracted period of decay .
There is a striking parallel in the rise over the past three decades of a financial aristocracy based on free market economics and financial parasitism and the eruption of US militarism .
While the military - intelligence establishment has grown in power and political influence , the widening economic chasm separating the financial elite from the broad mass of the people has undermined the socio-economic bases for democratic forms of rule .
It is possible here only to point to the major signposts of the decay of American democracy over the past thirty years .
The 1980s saw the Iran - Contra affair .
The Reagan administration , in direct violation of the Boland Amendment passed by Congress in the early 1980s , conducted a covert dirty war in Nicaragua that took the lives of tens of thousands of civilians .
But unlike the Watergate scandal , Congress intervened to cover up the crimes committed by Reagan and his lieutenants and block any move to impeach Reagan or hold his accomplices criminally accountable .
The 1990s saw a non -stop conspiracy by right - wing forces , backed by the Republican Party , the courts and the media , to destabilize the Clinton administration , culminating in December of 1998 in the first - ever impeachment of an elected president .
This was followed by the theft of the 2000 election , in which a right - wing majority on the Supreme Court sanctioned the suppression of votes and installed George W. Bush in the White House .
There followed the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , which were seized on as the pretext for embarking on a right - wing agenda of foreign aggression and domestic repression long in preparation .
The role of intelligence agencies in allowing , and very likely facilitating , the attacks was covered up by a series of phony congressional investigations , culminating in the 9/11 Commission whitewash .
9/11 ushered in the “ war on terror ” — an undeclared and indeterminate faux war that provided the overarching , bipartisan framework for US military aggression , first in Afghanistan , and then , on the basis of outright lies , Iraq .
The “ war on terror ” served as well as the pretext for the erection of the framework for a police state — the Patriot Act , the Homeland Security Department , the Northern Command , the vast expansion of domestic spying , the establishment of gulags in Guantánamo , Iraq and Afghanistan and CIA “ black sites ” around the world , the denial of habeas corpus , indefinite detention , rendition and torture .
All of this took place with the complicity of Congress and without any resistance from the Democratic Party .
The vast and regressive changes in the structure of American society had fundamentally altered the social physiognomy and political outlook of the liberal wing of the ruling class , eroding any previous attachment to social reform or the defense of democratic rights .
Large sections of the constituency for liberalism had profited from the policies of social reaction at home and imperialist aggression abroad , sharing in the general enrichment of the most privileged layers of American society .
They had — and have today — little interest in seeking to rein in the financial oligarchy and the intelligence - military establishment .
Their greatest fear is an eruption of class struggle and a challenge to the status quo from the working class .
The death agony of American democracy is inseparable from the failure of US and world capitalism .
The growth of authoritarian tendencies becomes all the more dangerous under conditions of deepening economic crisis .
The prospect of growing popular resistance to unemployment and poverty means that the national security apparatus will be directed more and more openly against the American working class .
The only basis for a mass movement in defense of democratic rights is the broad mass of working people , guided by a socialist and internationalist perspective .
Such a movement must demand unequivocally the criminal investigation and prosecution of all those responsible for torture and all the other war crimes with which it is associated .
The development of this movement , and the program upon which it must be based , will be discussed at regional conferences called by the Socialist Equality Party , the International Students for Social Equality and the World Socialist Web Site to be held beginning April 25 in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
We urge all those committed to the defense of democratic rights and seeking an alternative to capitalism to attend .
For information on the conferences , click here .
Barry Grey
Barry Grey
WASHINGTON �
In one of the largest food recalls in history , the Food and Drug Administration Wednesday asked retailers , manufacturers and consumers to throw out every product made in the last two years from peanuts processed by a Georgia plant at the heart of a deadly nationwide outbreak of salmonella illness .
The action came after federal officials discovered this month that the company , Peanut Corporation of America , knowingly shipped products contaminated with salmonella 12 times in 2007 and 2008 , prompting a congresswoman to call Wednesday for a criminal investigation by the Justice Department .
Michael Rogers of the FDA said the company violated good manufacturing practices by selling peanut products that had tested positive for salmonella bacteria in inspections commissioned by the firm .
He said it turned over records of its inspections only after the FDA invoked special authority given to it by Congress in 2002 under laws to prevent bioterrorism .
But Rogers would not say whether the company would face sanctions .
A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment on whether the agency is evaluating the matter .
A spokesman for Peanut Corporation of America , based in Lynchburg , Va. , has said that the company complied with all requests by regulators from �day one� of their investigation .
The company 's Blakely , Ga. , plant produces peanut butter , paste , meal and granules that are used in products including ice cream , snack crackers and dog biscuits .
Since early this month , when federal investigators traced the salmonella contamination to the plant , more than 400 products made with peanut butter or paste from the facility were recalled .
That represented products made with peanut ingredients handled by the plant since July 1 .
But Wednesday 's move expands the recall to all peanut products that came out of the Blakely plant since Jan. 1 , 2007 .
Federal officials said they do not know how many consumer products will be affected .
� We do n't have a good idea right now in terms of how much of that product is still out there ; it may have largely been consumed , � said Stephen Sundlof , director of FDA 's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition .
Federal officials found four different strains of Salmonella enterica at the plant , raising questions about whether products besides peanut butter and paste may have been contaminated .
The outbreak of salmonella illness , which began in late summer and is ongoing , has been linked to eight deaths , including two in Virginia .
In all , about 500 people in 43 states and Canada have become ill .
About 22 percent were hospitalized , and about half who were affected are children .
Health officials said they will work with companies supplied by Peanut Corporation of America to continually update a recall list that is available on the FDA 's Web site .
The Web site details a long list of popular products that are affected , including candies , cookies , snack bars and snack mixes .
Major - label peanut butter is not suspected to be contaminated with salmonella and is considered safe to eat , according to the FDA .
The makers of several major brands , including Peter Pan , Jif and Smuckers , are worried that consumers will stop buying their products , and they have been pointing out that their peanut butters are not part of the outbreak .
Peanut Corporation of America , which also has plants in Virginia and Texas , is a relatively small company , but the contamination 's impact is large because the peanuts the plant processes are turned into hundreds , if not thousands , of food products .
Once federal investigators traced the current outbreak to the Blakely plant , they made 14 visits earlier this month and documented unsanitary conditions , poor practices and structural problems that invited bacterial contamination .
The inspection reports , made public Wednesday by the FDA , detail mold growing on a ceiling , rainwater leaking into the production area from skylights , gaps in the building where rodents could enter , dead roaches and inadequate ventilation , among other defects .
Raw peanuts , which can carry bacteria , were stored in proximity to roasted peanuts , increasing the chances for contamination , the report said .
Peanut products ready for packaging were stored 15 feet from a spot where a swab tested positive for one of four salmonella strains that the FDA said existed in the plant .
A single sink was used by workers to wash their hands as well as utensils and mops , making it possible to pass contaminants among all three .
The last time the FDA inspected the plant was in 2001 , officials said Wednesday .
In 2006 , the agency contracted inspections to the Georgia Department of Agriculture .
State inspectors visited the plant about twice a year , but in 2008 , they did not check for salmonella .
The state inspection reports all seemed to downplay deficiencies , saying all that was needed was routine follow - up .
The outbreak of salmonella illness has spurred two civil lawsuits against the company .
Wednesday , Rep. Rosa DeLauro , D - Conn. , chairwoman of the House Appropriations subcommittee on agriculture and the FDA , said she will ask the Justice Department to investigate possible criminal charges against plant officials .
She also wants the FDA 's inspector general to review the agency 's inspection contracts with the state of Georgia and others .
Rep. John Dingell , D - Mich. , introduced a bill Wednesday that would increase resources and regulatory authority for the FDA .
� The Food and Drug Administration can't and does n't do its job , and American lives are at risk , � Dingell said .
� We 're killing Americans . �
Sundlof of the FDA defended his agency .
� It 's the responsibility of the industry to produce safe products .
The FDA is not in the plants on a continuous basis .
We do rely on inspections to find problems when they exist .
It 's just as if it were an individual citizen :
We expect individual citizens to obey the law .
Occasionally , they do n't obey the law , and when they do n't , it 's the responsibility of the regulatory agency to take the appropriate action , which is what we 're doing . �
If this is your first time visiting National Terror Alert you may want to subscribe to our RSS feed .
The National terror Alert feed features breaking news , alerts and bulletins on demand and it's free of charge ..
You will only see this message on your first visit to the site .
Thanks for visiting !
Swine flu updates and latest news stories can be found here .
Swine flu news updates
MSNBC Reports Outbreak in Mexico , U.S. Tied To New Swine Flu
The unique strain of swine flu found in seven people in California and Texas has been connected to the deadly flu that has broken out in Mexico , killing as many as 60 people , NBC News has confirmed .
Authorities in Mexico asked the Public Health Agency of Canada to help identify the cause of the lung illness linked to 20 deaths , including two in the state of Baja California Norte , which borders California .
The Mexican cases include five health - care workers , the Ottawa - based agency said in an e-mail today .
UPDATE : Mexico shuts schools over deadly influenza epidemic Mexico authorities have closed all schools in the capital and central Mexico as the WHO announced hundreds of human cases of swine flu in the country , including 57 suspected deaths .
The outbreak has killed at least 20 people in the past month , Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova said in announcing the school closures .
Read Full Story
Tests in Mexico found patients were infected with H1N1 and type - B influenza strains and the parainfluenza virus , the agency said .
In the U.S. , doctors discovered a new strain of H1N1 swine influenza in patients in San Diego County and Imperial County , California , and in San Antonio , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta said today .
“ It will be critical to determine whether or not the strains of H1N1 isolated from patients in Mexico are also swine flu , ” Donald Low , an infectious diseases specialist at Toronto ’s Mount Sinai Hospital , told the Canadian Press .
Read Full Story
Canada Issues Travel Advisory
Canadians who have recently returned from Mexico should be on alert for flu - like symptoms that could be connected to a severe respiratory illness , federal health officials said Thursday in issuing a travel advisory .
A severe respiratory illness appears to have infected 137 people in south and central areas of Mexico , with cases concentrated in Mexico City and three other areas , including 20 deaths , the Public Health Agency of Canada said .
Read Full Story
Gauthier , who rides for the Colavita / Sutter Home women ’s cycling team , taped her race number onto her helmet early Sunday morning .
She was there to train , she said , because the distance is longer and the terrain is rougher than any of her professional competitions .
She lined up with about 250 racers who rolled out from St. Francisville , about 30 miles north of Baton Rouge , La. , under a foggy sky to test themselves on the back roads .
Despite the ruts , few wanted to trade shocks or knobby tires for speed .
Almost all rode lightweight road bikes , although at times , many pushed them .
The last stretch of gravel , through the Tunica Hills , tends to do this to people .
The land here evolved over thousands of years , forced up as if by a lever by a subsiding Mississippi Delta , its steep grades carved by river tributaries slicing through silty soils .
Racers who were able to stay on their bikes spun slowly through these hills , dwarfed by hardwoods and tall moss - coated embankments veined with exposed tree roots .
A man in a blue and white jersey threw his bike frame over his shoulder and plodded uphill .
“ Bike racers suffer from this problem , ” said Christophe Jammet , 25 , an analyst for a hedge fund who came from New York to race .
“ They like to do things that cause them pain . ”
aangirfan
Monday , April 27 , 2009
The Swine Flu story sounds like a psy - op :
1. Millions die in Mexico each year from diseases such as TB , typhoid and malaria .
But we do n’t hear much about that .
Due to high levels of poverty in Mexico , there is a tendency for outbreaks of flu to kill large numbers of people .
2 . In the USA and Canada , flu symptoms have been described as mild .
“ Several students experienced flu symptoms after they returned but they were so mild that they did n’t raise any concerns . ”
( Swine flu hits Canada )
This swine flu’s a “ relative lightweight ” ( Swine flu ’s a relative lightweight . )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The first reports of swine infections in Mexico came in mid-March .
The current swine flu strain still has fewer than 1,000 reported cases .
So , why is publicity for the flu coming now ?
3. The Flu Kills The Torture Memos
4 . And , certain fascist swine are hoping to make lots of money from selling vaccines .
“ On March 20 , 2009 , this researcher outlined a peculiar PANDEMIC VACCINE TRAINING exercise in Texas scheduled to occur on Saturday , May 2 , 2009 . ” ( http://www.rense.com/general85/dsd2.htm)
“ There was a Swine Flu outbreak in 1976 .
President Gerald Ford asked that all Americans be innoculated .
“ As it turned out , the disease only killed one person but the vaccine harmed hundreds and may have killed some . ”
( This article addresses that question . )
~~
aangirfan : Bird flu and profits at Roche
The details of the Budget cap have been released by the FIA .
It will start next season .
The level has been set at £ 40 million with no ‘ glide path ’ from a higher figure to a lower one .
It will present teams with an obligation to lay off a significant number of people quickly , which in itself is an expensive exercise .
The FIA has maintained the idea of a two tier championship , with teams able to spend more if they wish to , but the cost controlled teams enjoying greater technical freedom .
This will greatly annoy Ferrari and BMW .
The FIA statement reads as follows :
“ From 2010 , all teams will have the option to compete with cars built and operated within a stringent cost cap .
The cost cap for 2010 will be £ 40 m per annum * .
This figure will cover all team expenditure except :
– Marketing and hospitality ;
– Remuneration for test or race drivers , including any young driver programmes ;
– Fines or penalties imposed by the FIA ;
– Engine costs ( for 2010 only ) ;
– Any expenditure which the team can demonstrate has no influence on its performance in the Championship
– Dividends ( including any tax thereon ) paid from profits relating to participation in the Championship . ”
Drivers being excluded will drive up their wages .
But these may fall under the budget cap in future years .
Engines being excluded means an additional £ 5 million for customer teams and allows the manufacturers some latitude in reshaping their engine departments .
Many will be providing customer engines to teams .
The whole plan is aimed at attracting new teams to the series and the field has been increased to 26 cars , so 13 teams can get an entry .
Bernie Ecclestone has agreed to give the new teams a share of the prize money ( normally they would have to serve a couple of years before getting anything )
“ In addition to the payments which it already makes to the top ten teams in the Championship , Formula One Management , the commercial rights holder , has agreed to offer participation fees and expenses to the new teams .
This includes an annual payment of US $ 10 million to each team plus free transportation of two chassis and freight up to 10,000 kg in weight ( not including the two chassis ) as well as 20 air tickets ( economy class ) for each round trip for events held outside Europe .
“ To be eligible for this , each new team must qualify as a “ Constructor ” and demonstrate that it has the necessary facilities , financial resources and technical competence to compete effectively in Formula One . ”
The technical freedoms the capped teams may enjoy are as follows :
“ 1. Movable wings , front and rear .
2 . An engine which is not subject to a rev limit .
The teams will also be allowed unlimited out - of - season track testing with no restrictions on the scale and speed of wind tunnel testing . ”
To put pressure on the existing teams to comply , the FIA has said that entries must be in soon ,
“ Applications to compete in the 2010 FIA Formula One World Championship are to be submitted to the FIA during the period 22 - 29 May 2009 .
Teams must state in their application whether they wish to compete under cost - cap regulations . ”
The team ’s association , FOTA is meeting in London on May 6th .
Their response will be very interesting , with Ferrari particularly furious .
BOURNEMOUTH , England , March 17 ( UPI ) -- A British couple said their pet duck has become the talk of the town with its dog-emulating behavior , including tail wagging and attempts at barking .
Steph and Tony Tufft from the Charminster area of Bournemouth , England , said they adopted Essy the duck when she was only 8 weeks old and the waterfowl chose the couple 's two dogs as role models , The Daily Telegraph reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
" We are known throughout Charminster .
People come out of bars to see her .
They love it , " Tony Tufft said .
" She does n't know she 's a duck .
She must think she 's a dog .
She goes up to other dogs .
People can't understand it and the dogs are really confused as well . "
" We even had to buy Essy her own lead , after getting strange looks from people who thought we were duck - napping , " he said .
His wife said taking the duck for walks has become a spectator event for locals .
" It 's as if Brad Pitt was walking on the lead , the amount of people that come out , " she said .
The couple said their dogs are very protective of Essy and flank her when they go out for walks .
They said the duck has her own sleeping space , but she prefers to spend the night with the canines .
You have probably heard the term E85 used before , witnessed some vehicles badged with the FlexFuel signature or even stopped at a gas station that offers it and been slightly puzzled .
E85 is an alcohol fuel mixture that is composed of up to 85 % denatured ethanol with the remainder standard gasoline .
Currently , most fuel is composed of roughly 90 % gasoline and 10 % percent ethanol .
With E85 , this formula is pretty much reversed .
As E85 can reduce the dependency on oil and has been touted as a superior option for the environment , it is quickly becoming a powerful force in the automotive industry .
For better or worse , E85 is being added to the growing list of eco-friendly alternative - energy sources to rival electric , hydrogen powered and hybrid vehicles .
From a political standpoint , the biggest benefit is that E85 is a biofuel as opposed to a fossil fuel .
E85 is mainly derived from corn but can also be produced from other grains such as sugar cane , beets , wheat , milo or potatoes .
The fact that these are all renewable resources is a major selling point .
The equipment required for E85 is similar to the current infrastructure required for oil so there is not a prohibitively high cost for handling or distribution .
Vehicles that can run on E85 , known as Flexible Fuel Vehicles , are becoming increasingly available and are no more expensive than their gas counterparts ( as opposed to hybrids , which are ) .
And with more than 1900 E85 capable fueling stations in the US , which is expected to double in the next year , availability should become widespread .
Opponents against electric powered vehicles often suggest that the additional production of electricity required to charge larger and larger numbers of cars ultimately does more harm than good .
This is also the case with E85 where opponents claim that the production of grain alcohol actually is harder on the environment than using fossil fuels such as oil .
This is also known as the “ net energy ” effect of ethanol production .
Basically , more energy is used to grow and process the raw materials in ethanol than actually ends up in the final ethanol product itself .
The agricultural machinery used to both plant and harvest vast amounts of crops creates a massive carbon footprint .
Shipping and processing grains is a more energy intensive process than simply converting oil into gas or diesel fuel .
Large amounts of arid land are required to grow corn and other ethanol sources which can lead to deforestation , typically by burning .
Because of this , there are fewer trees and plants to reduce CO2 emissions which results in a hefty environmental impact by changing the balance of oxygen .
Resources such as water are needed in vast amounts which can lead to deficiencies elsewhere such as a reduction in ground water and natural reservoirs .
And all of the fertilizers and pesticides used in grain production ultimately harm the soil and ecosystem .
Proponents of the ethanol production provide equally compelling arguments .
The entire life cycle of ethanol production using corn provides roughly a 20 % reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to gasoline .
As efficiencies improve , this number will approach over a 50 % reduction using corn and over an 80 percent reduction using cellulose .
Ethanol is biodegradable and is a safe alternative to harmful additives like MTBE which is a groundwater pollutant and soil contaminant .
Ethanol based fuels adhere to strict emission standards .
Overall , not only are there fewer evaporative emissions but those also contain less carbon monoxide and dangerous toxins .
( Although opponents will correctly point out that acetalkdehyde , a known toxin , is emitted in greater quantities than with gasoline alone ) .
So , who ’s getting involved ?
General Motors is the biggest manufacturer right now in the flex - fuel market .
For the current calender year , there are 18 different models with E85 capability available .
Chrysler offers 10 models , Ford 8 and Nissan and Toyota just 2 . Honda is not playing ball at this point .
Even luxury manufacturers such as Bentley are coming on board .
The company plans to provide flex - fuel options across its entire product line by 2012 .
Bentley has a fascinating study surrounding their new approach which is available here
And , what ’s the biggest difference to your engine ?
Commercial automobile gasoline has an octane rating between 85 to 94 .
However , E85 has an octane rating between 100 and 105 .
An octane rating basically is a measurement of how resistant a fuel source is to detonation and in turn , engine knocking .
In addition , higher octane ratings mean that higher activation energies are required for detonation .
Each engine has a specific compression ratio .
The higher the number the better an engine is at extracting energy and producing more power .
Racing engines have high compression ratios and therefore need higher octane fuels .
Regular gasoline powered cars have lower ratios and require lesser octanes .
Engines that use E85 necessitate higher compression ratios due to the higher octane level .
But they also have to be capable of running regular gasoline .
Therefore , most current flex - fuel vehicles have to use a compression ratio that will work well for both gasoline and E85 .
Because of this , E85 is used up quicker than using strictly gas alone .
The majority of fueling stations discount E85 anywhere from 5 to 15 % to compensate .
So , if you see a lower price for E85 do n’t assume it ’s cheaper because in the long run it is not .
In flex - fuel vehicles E85 also gets less miles per gallon .
The extent of which varies model to model .
As technology quickly improves , rest assured that this disparity will disappear in short order and the discount built in as well .
I hope that this article presented a balanced argument both for and against the production and use of E85 and that you are better informed because of it .
More and more scientific studies are sure to emerge that both support and negate the benefits of E85 and other biofuels but this trend is definitely here to stay .
As auto manufacturers get more proficient at using ethanol look for fuel economy to improve , power outputs to increase and biofuel engine options to become more available and widespread .
Source : www.e85vehicles.com | www.e85fuel.com | GM | Ford
Mozilla Corporation has pushed back the release of the third , and possibly final , beta for Firefox 3.1 by a week to allow the firm to fix some bugs in the upcoming version of its open source browser .
The beta had been expected to land on 26 January , but Mozilla has delayed the release to 2 February to allow it time to fix some glitches in the InternetExplorerChromeSafari rival surfing tool .
" Due to the large number of outstanding P1 blockers , we are declaring a code slip , " Mozilla said on its website earlier this week .
“ P1 ” is Mozilla lingo for the worst offending glitches that remain unsolved in its browser .
However , despite the minor delay , Mozilla insists it ’s still on target to ship Firefox 3.1 late in the first quarter .
Of course , the firm originally – somewhat optimistically – earmarked late 2008 for the release of the latest version of its browser even though Firefox 3.0 was n’t unleashed onto the interwebs until June last year .
There are 15 P1 flaws , including issues with its “ Private Browsing ” mode , waiting to be fixed by Mozilla developers before the third beta can be released .
In July last year , Mozilla claimed that the transition to Firefox 3.1 would n’t be “ a major pain - in - the - ass ” and pledged developers would n’t be hit by “ surprises along the way ” .
That declaration came after the company royally hacked off users with the 3.0 launch when servers collapsed under the “ strain ” of its much - hyped Download Day PR stunt to score a Guinness World Record . ®
Aboti and Anisa live in southern Mogadishu with their four children
The BBC's Mohamed Olad Hassan meets a Mogadishu family that depends for money on a relative living and working in the UK .
The relative works in a warehouse in Bristol , and supports eight families back in Somalia with the money he makes .
Living in Mogadishu , the capital of a lawless country , is far from easy .
Thousands of its residents have already fled Somalia as a result of violence between Islamist insurgents and Ethiopian troops , which back the weak but UN - recognised government of Somalia .
The country 's official unemployment rate is close to 100 % .
Many people have little choice but to live in camps for internally displaced people .
Some in Mogadishu depend solely on remittances from their relatives abroad .
Others run small businesses .
How dependent are African states on money sent home ?
Abdulahi Husein Aboti is a 33 - year - old father of four - two sons and two daughters .
The family lives together in a troubled zone in the south of the capital .
Most of his neighbours and his relatives have already fled .
Because the Ethiopians have bases nearby , the area is always a prime target for the insurgents .
Staying in the city But , unlike many others , he has decided to remain in his own home , with his wife , 24 - year - old Anisa , and their children .
He says he does n't have enough money to enable the family to seek shelter in a safer part of the city .
" I know everything is from God , " he says .
We live a simple life , but it 's not a real one .
You can imagine , $ 150 is just not enough for a family like ours
Abdulahi Husein Aboti
" We remain here because living in IDP camps is not healthy and I can't afford to pay for medicine for my kids if they fall ill .
" We live here and every time fighting goes on around us , we duck while it is going on and then come out once it subsides . "
Despite such risks surrounding his family , Aboti is more worried about what would happen to his children and wife if his brother - who lives and works in the UK city of Bristol - were to lose his job .
He says that because of the global financial crisis the money sent back by his brother has already decreased by a quarter .
" My family depends completely on my brother in Britain , who sends us $ 150 every month .
" I have no job here and nowhere else to turn .
I 'm waiting for my destiny .
He has dropped the amount he was sending us from $ 200 to $ 150 , " he said .
Balancing the budget " Now we live a simple life , but it 's not a real one .
You can imagine , $ 150 is just not enough for a family like ours .
The kids need milk and food - which are expensive .
You even need money for water here .
" But I am really worried that this false life might turn into nothing if my brother Abdi Husein , in Bristol , loses his current job or if the financial crisis gets any worse , " Aboti said .
His wife Amisa too senses that times could get even tougher for her family .
But she points out that it will be her , not Aboti , who will feel the pain of feeding a family with a very restricted income .
She is the one who manages the family budget .
My worst fear would be if my children 's paternal uncle in Britain - our only tower of our strength and the sole bread - winner for my family - were to lose his job
Anisa , mother of four
Sending money home :
In graphics " If you are short of money in Mogadishu , planning family meals is very difficult , because the prices of essential food stuffs fluctuate so much , " Anisa explains .
" For example , one day you go to market and buy something .
The next morning the prices have already changed but your income always remains the same , so how do you manage ?
It 's like living just for the sake of living . "
" But my worst fear would be if my children 's paternal uncle in Britain - our only tower of our strength and the sole bread - winner for my family - were to lose his job as a result of the current financial crisis , " she said .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Located in the US Rust Belt , Charlestown is home of the hapless Chiefs , a losing Federal League hockey team whose games are poorly attended .
To make money , the team 's unknown owner makes its manager , Joe McGrath , do cheesy publicity much to the players ' chagrin .
Rumors abound among the players that if the local mill closes , the team will fold .
Just before the official announcement is made , the team 's aging player / coach , Reggie Dunlop , does get wind that the mill is indeed closing and that this season will be the team 's last .
Beyond efforts to reconcile with his wife Francine , who loves Reggie but does n't love his career , Reggie begins to focus on how to renew interest in the team for a possible sale as he knows if the team folds , his hockey career is over .
Without telling anyone of his plan , he begins a rumor that the owner is negotiating a sale with a city in Florida .
He also decides that " goon " hockey - most especially using the untapped talents of the recently acquired childlike ... Written by Huggo
The Federal Reserve on Tuesday announced the extension through October 30 , 2009 , of its existing liquidity programs that were scheduled to expire on April 30 , 2009 .
The Board of Governors and the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) took these actions in light of continuing substantial strains in many financial markets .
The Board of Governors approved the extension through October 30 of the Asset - Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility ( AMLF ) , the Commercial Paper Funding Facility ( CPFF ) , the Money Market Investor Funding Facility ( MMIFF ) , the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) , and the Term Securities Lending Facility ( TSLF ) .
The FOMC also took action to extend the TSLF , which is established under the joint authority of the Board and the FOMC .
In addition , to address continued pressures in global U.S. dollar funding markets , the temporary reciprocal currency arrangements ( swap lines ) between the Federal Reserve and other central banks have been extended to October 30 .
This extension currently applies to the swap lines between the Federal Reserve and each of the following central banks : the Reserve Bank of Australia , the Banco Central do Brasil , the Bank of Canada , Danmarks Nationalbank , the Bank of England , the European Central Bank , the Bank of Korea , the Banco de Mexico , the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , the Norges Bank , the Monetary Authority of Singapore , the Sveriges Riksbank , and the Swiss National Bank .
The Bank of Japan will consider the extension at its next Monetary Policy Meeting .
The Federal Reserve action to extend the swap lines was taken by the Federal Open Market Committee .
The current expiration date for the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) remains December 31 , 2009 .
Other Federal Reserve liquidity facilities , such as the Term Auction Facility ( TAF ) , do not have a fixed expiration date .
The AMLF provides loans to depository institutions to purchase asset - backed commercial paper from money market mutual funds .
The CPFF provides a liquidity backstop to U.S. issuers of commercial paper .
The MMIFF supports a private - sector initiative to provide liquidity to U.S. money market investors .
The PDCF provides discount window loans to primary dealers .
Under the TSLF , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York auctions term loans of Treasury securities to primary dealers .
The TALF will support the issuance of asset - backed securities collateralized by student loans , auto loans , credit card loans , and loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration .
Under the TAF , Reserve Banks auction term discount window loans to depository institutions .
My name is Cathy Alexander , age 52 , from Tennessee .
Here is my story : MY BATTLE WITH ASPARTAME POISON .
In 2005 I had an operation on my abdomen , and there were 100 days of recovery time .
A week after I got up one morning and my legs folded under me .
I could not walk and my mind was so cloudy I could not remember what day it was .
I was very frightened because I had never felt this way before , not once in my entire life !
I would hold on to whatever was near , holding unto the walls to get down the hall to the bathroom , falling along the way .
I was so scared : I had never felt this way before .
I had no insurance .
I went to 3 different ER's at three different county hospitals .
First , they all thought I was on drugs or drunk and I was n't .
With all kinds of testing they could not find anything .
I had to come up with the money to go to a Neurologist who tested me and did spinal taps .
Nothing showed up .
So the neurologist and another doctor said it was acute cerebellitis and that I would be better in about 6 months .
By that time it was the same or even worse .
I had no balance or any motor skills .
It was like my muscles were soft and did not work .
I do not take prescriptions for nervous or antidepressants , but I was very shaky and very depressed .
I did not care to live .
I would wake up and cry because I was still here another day .
I was clumsy , dizzy , and suffered from blurred and double vision .
I could not remember anything from the day before .
My speech was slurred .
I had to have around the clock care , so my best friend took care of me .
I almost lost all my hearing and eyesight .
The doctors gave me all kinds of medications but nothing worked .
I used a walker for a while and even then I would be walking across the yard and just fall , like mini strokes , 5 to 10 times a day .
My best friend heard the famous Aspartame / Neurologist , Dr. Russell Blaylock on a short wave radio telling about Aspartame and symptoms , and how to test to see if it is what you have .
So i went back to talk to my own physician , Dr. Lewis
I told my doctor " When this first hit me , you asked me how many diet drinks I had a day .
I did not lie to him but said at least one or two a day .
He asked me to stop but I never did until the day came when I went back to him I told him i did not tell him the whole truth , that I drink 5 or more daily , as well as many other sugarfree products , Crystal Lite , and sugarfree gum , all having aspartame in it .
He told me to get off all aspartame for 90 days .
That is the same thing Dr. Blaylock said to do .
So I did .
After about four weeks , my eyesight and hearing got better .
My pain had lessened as it was before all this happened .
My doctor knew all about Aspartame poison .
He had done research on it a few years ago when his wife was sick from it .
The last 9 months I had kidneystone problems .
I never reported this to my kidney doctor because so many doctors do n't believe in aspartame poisoning , or even appear to have the slightest understanding of what should have been obvious among their patients , with so many identical symptoms , all deriving from their use of " diet " products .
About two months I told my kidney doctor about me having aspartame poisoning awhile back .
He said he wished he had known because then he would known something different to try for my stones .
I have had 21 kidney stone operations in the last nine months .
The doctor thought my body was making the acid that makes the stones .
But the poison shut down the tubes that filters the acid to and from my kidneys .
So he doubled my medications for stones ; now they have almost all of them .
WHAT ASPARTAME DID TO MY LIFE AND MY CONDITION
I have always been a hard worker , quick thinking , and never forgotful .
I could go to stores and start talking to anyone about anything .
I never met a stranger .
I was a sales person many years and was really proficient .
I had that kind of outgoing personality .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
I 've coded in both Erlang and Haskell .
Erlang is practical , efficient , and useful .
It 's got a wonderful niche in the distributed world , and it has some real success stories such as CouchDB and jabber.org .
Haskell is elegant and beautiful .
It 's been successful in various programming language competitions .
I have some experience in both , but I 'm thinking it 's time to really commit to learning one of them on a professional level .
They both have good books out now , and it 's probably time I read one of those books cover to cover .
My question is which ?
Back in 2000 , Perl had established a real niche for systems administration , CGI , and text processing .
The syntax was n't exactly beautiful ( unless you 're into that sort of thing ) , but it was popular and mature .
Python had n't really become popular , nor did it really have a strong niche ( at least as far as I could see ) .
I went with Python because of its elegance , but since then , I 've coded both professionally .
I feel like I 'm in the same situation again .
Erlang is clearly successful and useful , but its syntax is not so wonderful .
Haskell is profoundly elegant , and perhaps even higher level , but it does n't seem as popular , nor does it seem to have success stories as great as Erlang does .
Another interesting thing to note is that Erlang is really good at Erlang - style concurrency .
Haskell does n't have the same zen in this field as Erlang has , but Haskell has successfully tackled a wider variety of approaches to concurrency -- at least , that 's the feeling I get when I read this page
Is there anyone out there who enjoys Python 's elegance as much as I do who can give me some advice on committing to either Erlang or Haskell ?
Am I too far ahead of the curve in my hopes to one day code professionally in one or the other ?
Should I just wait for Reia ?
Have any mere mortals such as I had success with reading Real World Haskell ?
Should I take a break from playing with weird languages and do something useful , like write a Facebook app or an Android app ?
The lyrics of the Diamond Rio song “ In God We Still Trust ” ( alternately known as “ Here in America ” ) might best be summarized as an affirmation of the U.S. national motto , “ In God We Trust ” :
You place your hand on His bible , when you swear to tell the truth .
His name is on our greatest monuments , an’ all our money too .
An ’ when we pledge allegiance , there ’s no doubt where we stand :
There ’s no separation , we ’re one nation under Him .
In God , we still trust here in America ;
He ’s the one we turn to every time the going gets rough .
He is the source of all our strength , the one who watches over us .
Here in America , in God , we still trust .
Back in 2006 , circulated e-mails touted the notion that “ In God We Still Trust ” did not receive radio airplay because its pro-religion - in - America message was deemed too “ politically incorrect ” :
YOU WONT HEAR THIS SONG IN A PUBLIC BROADCAST : In March , 2005 , this song was performed at a Diamond Rio concert .
They received an immediate standing ovation , and continue to do so every time they perform it !
Sadly , major radio stations would n’t play it because it was considered politically incorrect .
Consequently , the song was never released to the public .
If this song speaks to your heart and you want to share it with friends and loved ones , please do .
Then , regardless of our ethnic origin , let us cease being the silent majority and join together .
Not as a particular political party , but as Americans !
March of 2005 was the first time this song was performed by Diamond Rio at a concert in Las Vegas .
They received an immediate resounding standing ovation , and continue to do so every time they perform it !
At the time , my thought was , “ Everyone who loves America will be so thrilled to hear this song ! ”
Although Diamond Rio has never before done a statement song , they felt compelled to record “ In God We Still Trust . ”
But guess what ?
Sadly , major radio stations would n’t play it because it was considered politically incorrect .
Consequently , the song was never released to the public .
So , America , see what you think .
If this offering speaks to your heart and you feel to share it with friends and loved ones , please do .
Many of us feel great concern with the movement of a dissident minority to eliminate God from the face of America !
If they succeed , it will destroy the very principles upon which our nation was founded .
Are we going to allow this to happen ?
What would that be like ?
More importantly .. how would you feel ?
Regardless of our ethnic origin , let us cease being the silent majority and join together .
Not as a particular political party , but as Americans !
Let us voice to the media and the powers that be how we feel about having God erased from everything that is sacred to us .
If we do n’t do it , who will ?
The song you are about to listen to is from a Las Vegas Diamond Rio concert .
They received an immediate resounding standing ovation , and continue to do so every time they perform it !
Sadly , major radio stations would n’t play it because it was considered ‘ politically incorrect ’ .
Consequently , the song was never released to the public .
Now Congress is getting involved .
The Dictator Obama , no , no , its President Hitler is saying that is not fit for release because it offends so many .
So America , see what you think … can we say “ CENSORSHIP ”
If this offering speaks to your heart and you feel you want to share it with friends and loved ones , please do .
These claims that did not stand up to scrutiny .
In general , for a song to receive significant radio play , it needs to be issued as a single and to have substantial promotional backing from the releasing label .
But “ In God We Still Trust ” evidently satisfied neither of those requirements : it was n’t released at all ( in any format ) until it appeared as one of the four new songs included on Diamond Rio ’s Greatest Hits II CD in May 2006 , and even then it was primarily an album track , not a single that was being sent to radio stations and promoted for airplay .
The claim that “ Major radio stations would n’t play it because it was considered politically incorrect ; consequently , the song was never released to the public ” therefore puts the cart before the horse : a song generally needs to be released before it can receive widespread airplay on major radio stations , not vice - versa .
When “ In God We Still Trust ” was finally released , it had to compete for airplay in the wake of several other similarly - themed songs from prominent recording artists , such as Toby Keith ’s “ Courtesy of the Red , White and Blue ” and “ American Soldier , ” Brooks and Dunn ’s “ Believe , ” Carrie Underwood ’s “ Jesus Take the Wheel , ” and Brad Paisley ’s “ When I Get Where I ’m Going . ”
Listeners apparently did n’t find the Diamond Rio song distinctive or appealing enough to make it stand out from a crowd of kindred songs and prompt additional requests for airplay , so — like a lot of other music — it quietly faded off of radio playlists without having achieved even minor hit status .
Its lack of airplay was n’t due to “ political incorrectness , ” but rather to bad timing and getting lost in the shuffle .
However , “ In God We Still Trust ” was the subject of a somewhat similar controversy three years later , in March 2009 , when students at a Florida elementary school were rehearsing the song to perform it as part of an end - of - the year school assembly .
The parents of two students filed a lawsuit against the school board maintaining that the school had violated their children ’s First Amendment rights “ by making them choose between practicing a ‘ proselytizing ’ and ‘ sectarian ’ country music song or sitting out the entire performance . ”
A U.S. District Judge issued an injunction against the song ’s performance at the school assembly , although it had already been dropped from the program by then .
Any suggestion of a connection between President Obama and the alleged radio “ censorship ” of “ In God We Still Trust ” is completely specious , as Diamond Rio ’s recording of the song was released over two and a half years before Barack Obama took office as President of the United States .
Laser preamplifiers at the National Ignition Facility .
Image courtesy of LLNL / Damien Jemison
Tom Friedman ’s brain is flat .
That is the only conclusion I can reach after reading his New York Times piece on Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ’s National Ignition Facility ( NIF ) .
A flat brain cannot tolerate complexity .
It turns things — such as globalization and laser facilities — into cartoon versions of themselves .
The recently finished NIF is set to be the world ’s most powerful laser system .
It ’s a remarkable piece of engineering .
The size of a football stadium , its 192 laser arms are aligned to within 100 microns .
They were largely assembled by robots to keep them super - clean , and they must converge within a few microns and a few billionths of a second of one another in order to create an evanescent star within the laboratory .
Delivering more than the entire energy supply of the US electrical grid for a few billionths of a second , the laser strikes a tiny pellet of tritium and deuterium and creates transitory pressures and temperatures greater than those inside the sun — and all of this just a few hundred yards from a suburban housing estate .
It ’s not clear whether Friedman knows about the NIF ’s weapons connection and decided to leave it out , or whether he cut so many corners in writing his piece that he was n’t aware of it .
I appreciate that , in the harsh world of a twice - a- week columnist , deadlines are a brute fact , but there are times when a column is n’t yet ready for prime time .
Friedman touted the NIF as a possible solution to the nation ’s energy problems .
In his characteristically turbocharged prose , he asks : “ What if a laser - powered fusion energy power plant that would have all the reliability of coal , without the carbon dioxide , all the cleanliness of wind and solar , without having to worry about the sun not shining or the wind not blowing , and all the scale of nuclear , without all the waste , was indeed just 10 years away or less ?
That would be a holy cow game - changer . ”
He does note ( at the end of the column , of course , where it wo n’t be seen by many readers ) , that he is n’t sure NIF can be made to work as a viable commercial technology .
But much of his golly - gosh evocation of NIF ( complete with a comparison to the USS Enterprise from Star Trek ) reads like a weak paraphrase of shovel - ready prose from the lab ’s public relations department .
Surely New York
Times readers have a right to expect more from a high - profile columnist than an embellished press release .
Here are a number of important points Friedman did not mention :
Although the NIF has been funded through the Stockpile Stewardship Program for the nuclear weapons complex and presented to Congress as a vital facility for training a new generation of nuclear weapon scientists — ensuring that aging US nuclear weapons continue to work — remarkably , the words “ nuclear weapons ” never appear in Friedman ’s column .
Friedman is right that the NIF could be a prototype for a fusion energy reactor , and indeed , many Livermore scientists were enthusiastic about working on it for just this reason , but New York Times readers deserve to know that , thus far , this supposedly miraculous energy technology has been funded entirely by the nuclear weapons budget .
Although the NIF has become a more open facility recently , in the past those who worked on it at Livermore needed security clearances — and the details of the target capsule design were long classified because of their relevance to hydrogen bomb physics .
Many New York
Times readers might feel a little differently about Friedman ’s miraculous new green energy technology if they knew that it was so closely tied to nuclear weapons development , and that the United States presumably would be concerned if some countries ( India and Japan come to mind ) began to develop such fusion reactors themselves because it could help them better understand the science of hydrogen bombs .
We do n’t need to repeat the mistakes of the Atoms for Peace program , when the US government enthusiastically encouraged the development of nuclear energy technology all over the world in blithe ignorance of the proliferation dangers this would entail .
Friedman also tells us that , if we want a follow - on to NIF , “ a pilot [ fusion energy plant ] would cost about $ 10 billion — the same as a new nuclear power plant . ”
There is no mention of a source for the cost estimate , which is simply stated as fact .
Not only does Friedman seem to have accepted a publicist ’s number as true ; he never mentions that Livermore originally promised that the NIF would cost $ 1.2 billion and open for business in 2001 .
Instead , it has cost around $ 4 billion ( estimates vary depending on what you count ) and construction was n’t completed until this year — eight years behind schedule .
In other words , buyer beware when it comes to Livemore ’s cost estimates for such technology .
I once asked a senior manager for the NIF how they came up with the initial $ 1.2 billion cost estimate .
I naively thought he ’d tell me that they added up all of the costs for wiring , steel , glass , and labor , but somehow underestimated .
Instead he told me , with astonishing frankness , that they decided how much they thought Congress was willing to spend and worked back from there .
Given that early estimates in the 1950s substantially underestimated the cost of commercial nuclear energy , we might be suspicious of cost estimates today for a fusion plant that , by amazing coincidence , have it costing the same as a nuclear energy reactor .
The holy grail of laser fusion is “ ignition ” — getting more energy out than you put in .
“ Once the lab proves that it can get energy gain from this laser - driven process , ” a breakthrough “ the NIF expects to achieve ” in two to three years , we can proceed to the next step , Friedman writes .
Not “ if , ” but “ once . ”
But is the NIF assured to achieve ignition ?
According to some accounts , there have been difficulties focusing the laser beams at high energies .
Additionally , early tests showed the lasers shattering the glass lenses at the high energies needed to approach ignition .
Nor does Friedman mention that Nova , the predecessor to NIF , also was supposed to achieve ignition , but Livermore scientists later found that , due to an error in their calculations , they had dramatically underestimated the energy required for ignition .
Given these uncertainties , it ’s irresponsible and misleading for Friedman to speak of ignition as if it ’s assured .
This has implications for another issue that Friedman does n’t raise — the expense of running a fusion reactor .
He talks about the initial construction costs , but that ’s all .
For a fusion reactor to be a viable energy source , it would have to be fired as many as thousands of times a day , but this puts immense stress on the lenses and can burn them out .
It ’s far from clear that the economics can be made to work .
As one of the few people in the country who has written consistently about Livermore , I often lament that the NIF — one of the most expensive science programs in the nation ’s history and an extraordinary technical accomplishment for all its problems — has n’t received the press coverage it deserves .
And I ’m in broad agreement with Friedman ’s conclusion : “ We need to make a few big bets on potential game - changers .
. . .
At the pace we ’re going with the technologies we have , without some game - changers , climate change is going to have its way with us . ”
But that does n’t mean we should repeat the mistakes that we made in the 1950s , when techno - enthusiasts such as Friedman helped incite the global efflorescence of nuclear energy while minimizing the dangers of nuclear weapons proliferation and the difficulties of disposing of nuclear waste .
By abnegating his responsibilities as a journalist , giving us instead PR masquerading as reportage , Friedman would lead us into the era of nuclear fusion with our eyes wide shut .
Swimmer savant Michael Phelps caught taking a monster bong hit by News Of the World .
Safe to say his Olympic career is donezo .
Knowing
Phelps he 'll probably parlay this into four thousand handjobs meanwhile poor George Obama is sitting in a Nairobi jail .
Justice , you wench !
Though , I do give props to Phelps :
It looks like a water bong .
World Exclusive : 14 Times Olympic Gold Medal Winner Michael Phelps Caught With Bong Cannabis Pipe [ News of the World ]
Exclusive : Michael Phelps Caught Smoking a Bong [ Star ]
More from Gawker :
You are here
Views : 624
I have found these funny " chinese english " pictures .... just share with you all .... really strange how they speak and write english ..
[ gallery link = " file " columns = " 1 " orderby =" post_name " size = " large " ]
Related stories
Kucinich introduces an article of impeachment against President Bush .
Kucinich introduces articles of impeachment against Vice President Cheney .
Cleveland Democratic Rep. Dennis Kucinich wants the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee to investigate
allegations
by investigative reporter Seymour Hersh that the White House operated an ' executive assassination ring ' during the presidency of George W. Bush .
In a letter to Committee Chairman Edolphus Towns of New York , Kucinich explained that Hersh made the allegations on Tuesday , March 10 , 2009 before an audience at the University of Minnesota .
According to Kucinich 's letter : Hersh " stated , ' Under President Bush 's authority , they 've been going into countries , not talking to the ambassador or the CIA station chief , and finding people on a list and executing them and leaving ...
It is a special wing of our special operations community that is set up independently .
They do not report to anybody , except in the Bush - Cheney days , they reported directly to the Cheney office . . . Congress has no oversight of it . ' "
Such a practice would violate longstanding U.S. policy regarding covert actions and illegally bypass Congressional oversight , Kucinich said .
" If substantiated , the allegation would have far reaching implications for the United States , " Kucinich said in the letter dated March 13 .
" Such an assertion from someone of Hersh 's credibility that has a long and proven track record of dependability on these issues merits attention .
Mr. Hersh is within a year or more of releasing a book that is said to include evidence of this allegation .
However , we cannot wait a year or more to establish the truth .
As such , I request that the Full Committee immediately begin an investigation to determine the facts in this matter . "
The CIA has since issued a denial of Hersh 's claims .
" Mr. Kucinich raised a serious issue and I will work with him to look into it , " Towns said in a statement emailed to The Plain Dealer .
On April 24 , 1990 , the Space Shuttle Discovery roared into orbit , carrying with it the most famous observatory of all time : the Hubble Space Telescope .
To commemorate this 19th anniversary , the Hubble folks have released this wonderful image of interacting galaxies called Arp 194 .
Click to embiggen , or go here to hugely brobdingnangify .
There 's quite a bit going on here !
First , take a look at the upper spiral galaxy , located 600 million light years from Earth .
If you look at the top spiral arm , you 'll see another galaxy nucleus lying along it ; it 's the bright orange patch above and to the right of the big spiral 's center .
It looks like that 's the remains of a galaxy that is in the process of colliding with the big spiral ( the other bright galaxy -- the compact spiral directly to the right of the big spiral 's center -- appears to be a background galaxy , coincidentally seen nearby ) .
This collision has drawn out a vast 100,000 light - year - long streamer of gas from the big spiral , which is fairly obvious as the blue ribbon in the middle of the image .
This long tongue of gas has collapsed to form millions of stars ; the most massive and most luminous are blue , which is why the streamer is that color .
Eventually these stars will explode , and then that arm will really light up !
Interestingly , there is a galaxy below the interacting pair .
Is it associated with them ?
It seems like it should be , since that blue stream of gas and stars looks like it goes right into that galaxy .
But in fact you have to be careful here .
In the zoomed image on the right , you can see the lower galaxy and the bottom of the streamer .
I 've indicated three spots in the image ; see how they 're redder and darker ?
That 's because there 's tons of dust there , material which absorbs and reddens the light from stars behind it .
Dust is associated with young stars , so it 's clear this dust must be part of that stretched arm of gas and stars from the upper galaxy .
But the dust is seen in front of the lower galaxy .
If the lower galaxy were interacting with the ones above it , you might expect that dust to be mixed in with the galaxy .
So it 's possible the lower galaxy is somewhat farther away , unaffiliated with the other galaxies , and untouched by the cosmic disaster .
But it 's also possible it 's just a wee bit farther away , still part of the group , but has still managed to remain unscathed .
Oh , one more thing : check out the top of that smaller image .
See that one star that 's glowing an evil red ?
That 's probably an evolved star , a red supergiant .
If it is , that means it may very well be the next star to go in this scene ; red supergiants are stars at the very ends of their lives .
It may have less than a million years before it detonates and becomes a supernova , and will outshine the combined light of the galaxies around it .
Or it may just be a very distant background galaxy .
I doubt it ; the positioning of it right in the middle of that streamer is awfully suspicious .
But stranger things have happened !
After nearly two decades in orbit around the Earth , Hubble is still in a position to amaze me .
I worked on three different Hubble cameras for a total of a decade , and I have seen literally thousands of images returned by the spaceborne observatory .
Yet , even with all that , it still delivers pictures of the Universe that surprise , fascinate , and enthrall me .
It 's amazing to think of how much space is out there , how many incredible objects swim in its vastness , and how well we can probe the nature of them .
Hubble will be serviced one final time by the Shuttle Atlantis , due to lift off May 12 .
It will almost certainly continue for several more years after that , but inevitably the time will come to shut the old bird down .
By then , though , we 'll have new telescopes , like the James Webb Space Telescope , ready to step in .
What wonders will they show us ?
We 've seen some interesting ways people have tried to meld iPhone with car , but this one might top them all .
Meet Jon 's Mazda RX - 8 , controllable from anywhere in the world using an iPod touch over WiFi .
As demonstrated on video , his custom web app can be used to lock and unlock the doors , start and stop the engine , and open the truck .
A telemetry window provides data such as fuel level , battery voltage , RPM , speed , and temperatures .
It 's even got a GPS so you can track the car 's wherabouts with Google Maps .
All of this is accomplished with computer hidden in the trunk , hooked up to the on - board diagnostics , and equipped with a 3G modem to stay constantly connected to the interwebs .
There 's no indication on whether he plans to take the mod further , but if so , we can only hope it involves some well - placed cameras and a tilt - controlled steering mechanism .
We pity the foolish thief who tries to steal this " haunted " ride .
Check out the video demonstration after the break .
[ Via Hacked Gadgets
Aaron Dykes
Jones Report
April 28 , 2009
RELATED : Gore Denies that Ken Lay , Goldman Sachs CEOs Helped Develop C02 Trading ‘ Scheme ’ : VIDEO
It would be comedic– if it were n’t so serious .
Al Gore & pals are trying to push through a very serious , very burdensome carbon tax , a new derivatives bubble stands to grow around it , and there is in fact no scientific consensus on the issue– and yet the chairman of the Commerce Subcommittee on Energy & Environment , Rep .
Ed Markey cuts off every single member of the House who attempts to raise questions or challenge Al Gore ’s claims in any way , shape or form .
While it happened to Reps .
Scalise , Burgess and Barton , the most blatant example was to during questioning by Rep. Greg Walden ( R - OR ) , who was repeatedly interrupted by the chairman ’s gaveling .
Walden , for his part , protested the rude breach of order , as he was trying to ask some rather mundane , yet mildly challenging questions about the role of the CO2 debate in regards to protecting the forests .
[ efoods ]
Walden rebuffs the interruption with a recognition of the childish behavior : “ Mr. Chairman … . ” Chairman Markey proclaims he ‘ was n’t gaveling ’ but only ‘ tapping . ’
Gore , on the otherhand , seemed free to rant & rave with little or any consideration of the formal time limits .
The only gaveling during Gore ’s testimony came when Congressmen tried to respond to his statements or address certain points .
Meanwhile , the cost of such a carbon tax could easily reach heights of $ 700 Billion per year , a serious blow that obviously must be debated and counteracted .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , February 27 , 2009
Head of market analysis for Schneider Foreign Exchange Stephen Gallo told CNBC yesterday that the financial crisis will lead to the creation of a global central bank and a global single currency within 15 years , echoing the call of top globalists who have exploited the problems they created to push for a new world financial order .
Highlighting the significance of the introduction of the Euro , Gallo said that the single currency was “ where we are headed globally on a monetary basis over the course of the next 10 to 15 years . ”
Stating that one of the things that caused the financial crisis was an over expansion of the money supply on a global basis , Gallo said , “ Over the course of the next couple of decades central banks are going to need to pay more attention to what ’s going on with the global money supply rather than the money supply just in their own borders , ” a necessity that , “ might call into question the need for some kind of global central bank or a global central bank that ’s united by central banks for bigger monetary areas underneath that global central bank . ”
As we have highlighted before , the elite have exploited the problem that they created to push for increased centralization and regulation of the world economic system in the pursuit of a de-facto global financial dictatorship .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , EU heads such as Joaquin Almunia and establishment media outlets like the Wall Street Journal amongst many others have all used the economic crisis as an excuse to argue for greater financial power , a “ new world economic order ” in which control is concentrated into fewer hands – with the IMF and the World Bank enjoying the spoils .
UK Business Secretary and top Bilderberg member Peter Mandelson has also pushed for a “ Bretton Woods for this century , ” to help build the “ machinery of global economic governance ” .
Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy all made the same appeal at a conference in Paris on the future of capitalism last month .
Merkel called for the creation of a new global economic body under the UN , similar to the Security Council , to judge government policy .
Sarkozy called for a “ new world , new capitalism ” during his speech , as he commented “ In capitalism of the 21st century , there is room for the state . ”
Meanwhile , Blair called for a new financial order which he said should be constructed upon “ values other than the maximum short - term profit . ”
The globalists created the problem of wildly irresponsible fractional reserve banking , the debt bubble and the credit crunch by ceaselessly inflating the money supply and now they are offering their solution to the crisis by posing as the saviors and promising to fix the crisis , but only if complete control of the global financial system be signed over to them .
As Ron Paul , Peter Schiff and their ilk have tirelessly argued , the only way to solve the financial crisis is to allow incompetent banks and companies to fail , not to reward their misdeeds by giving them billions in taxpayer money .
The only way to re-capitalize the world is to provide incentives for people to work hard and save money , not by creating more credit out of thin air , which is what caused the problem in the first place .
The globalists ’ call for a centralized global economic order has nothing to do with providing solutions to the crisis but everything to do with providing themselves with more power and control over the world financial system .
Watch the CNBC clip below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Return on investment is easy to measure .
You put money in , you measure money out , divide and prosper .
But return on design ?
( Design : graphics , system engineering , user interface etc. )
Design can take money and time and guts , and what do you get in return ?
It turns out that the sort of return you 're getting ( and hoping for ) will drive the decisions you make about design .
I think there are four zones of return that are interesting to think about .
I find it 's more useful to look at them as distinct states as opposed to a graduated line , because it 's easy to spend a lot of time and money on design but not move up in benefits the way you might expect .
Crest might have a better package than Colgate ( or the other way around , I can't remember ) , but it does n't sell any more units …
Negative return .
The local store with the boarded up window , the drooping sign and the peeling paint is watching their business suffer because they have a design that actually hurts them .
Software products suffer from this ailment often .
If the design actively gets in the way of the story you tell or the utility you deliver , you lose money and share .
No impact .
Most design falls into this category .
While aesthetically important , design in this case is just a matter of taste , not measurable revenue .
You might not like the way the liquor store looks , or the label on that bottle of wine , but it 's not having any effect on sales .
It 's good enough .
Positive return .
We 're seeing a dramatic increase in this category .
Everything from a bag of potato chips to an online web service can generate incremental sales and better utility as a result of smart design .
The whole thing .
There are a few products where smart design is the product ( or at least the product 's reason for being ) .
If you 're not in love with the design of a Porsche 911 , you would never consider buying it–same as an OXO peeler .
The challenge of building your product around breakthrough design is that the design has to in fact be a breakthrough .
And that means spending far more time or money than your competitors who are merely seeking a positive return .
Knowing where you stand and where you 're headed is critical .
If you have a negative return on design , go ahead and spend enough money to get neutral , asap .
But do n't spend so much that you 're overinvesting just to get to neutral .
Watching a local store build an expensive but not stellar custom building is the perfect example of this mismatch .
If you 're betting the whole thing , building your service launch on design first , skimping on design is plain foolish .
The Guggenheim in Bilbao would be empty if they 'd merely hired a very good architect .
Introduced fatigue to the melee attack in versus mode .
You will see a HUD display when your melee swing is cooling down
Boomer vomit will now pass through common infected
Addressed some surround sound detection issues
Fixed a rare crash when exiting Left4Dead on Windows Vista
Fixed a case where the complete all expert campaigns achievement was not being rewarded
Corrected an issue where Windows based dedicated were sending spurious shutdown notifications to the master causing them to delist temporarily
Fixed dedicated servers not resetting the versus team swap correctly -- you could join a dedicated server that had a previous game that was swapped and arrive on the other team than what was selected in the lobby
Renamed the tags for sv_search_key to use " key : " in the server tags instead of " sv_search_key . "
This should help with issues of the 63 character limit of server tags
Fixed an occasional server crash related to voting
Updates to Left 4
Dead have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
Welcome to Ubersite !
Submitted by forthewin at 2006-06 - 24 23:01:23 EDTRating : 1.77 on 107 ratings ( 107 reviews ) ( Review this item ) ( V
something is wrong with me.jpg
Boy , those Germans have a word for everything .-- Homer SimpsonWhen Flanders Failed
Site and layout © 2014 Ubersite ® --
All material copyrighted by its respective copyright holder , dumbass
You 've finished The Wire box set ?
You 'd like something else that is just as good as " the greatest show ever in the history of television " ( © all Guardian journalists ) but you 're not quite sure where to go next ?
How about a series that 's as passionate and intelligent as The West Wing when debating war and terrorism , or as emotionally articulate about death , loss and love as Six Feet Under , or as trippy , mystical and deliciously baffling as Twin Peaks ?
A series that 's not afraid to take you on an epic , existential journey during which you 'll grow to love characters who are wrangling with metaphysical issues such as the nature of humanity and god ?
A series that does all this while never losing sight of the idea that television should be entertaining ?
But what 's that ?
You do n't do spaceships ?
Oh ...
That 's the problem when you start to recommend Battlestar Galactica .
As we approach the last - ever episode ( or get ready for the last box set , depending on how you 're watching it ) , it 's clear to fans that the last five years have been about much , much more than watching robots chasing people across space .
And yet , there 's no denying it - BSG is filled with scenes where brilliant actors such as Mary McDonnell or Edward James Olmos are called on to deliver lines about " firing up the FTL drives for a jump " with a straight face .
And yes , it is set in a universe where a lone military spaceship is protecting an ever - dwindling population of humans from the relentless onslaught of a race of sentient robots .
And yes , even the show 's name is ridiculous .
It 's not solid and enigmatic like The Wire , it does n't have the elegant irony of The Sopranos , and there 's a distinct lack of the now - wow zeitgesty zip you get from say , Sex and the City or Desperate Housewives .
It 's daft .
It 's pompous .
It 's - let 's face it - sci-fi .
And yet , as anyone who has actually committed to it will tell you , BSG has evolved into one of the most sophisticated , compelling and original shows that 's ever been made .
Which is n't bad for the remake of what was in itself a trashy show - one designed chiefly to cash in on the success of Star Wars .
If you were a kid in the late 70s / early 80s and found yourself plonked in front of the TV on a Saturday night , you might remember watching Lorne Greene hamming it up in the original Battlestar Galactica while his ace fighter pilots Dirk Benedict and Richard Hatch fended off evil " cylon " robots every week .
The new version of the show that emerged in 2004 , courtesy of producers Ronald D Moore and David Eick , might have shared the bare bones of creator Glen Larson 's original space - western - the plot and the character names , and also Richard Hatch ( playing a terrorist - turned - politician in the reboot ) - but that 's about all .
The cylons in the new version still appear as hulking metallic " centurions " similar to the ones in the 80s ( except now they 're equipped with machine - gun hands ) , but the cyclons to take note of are the models who have somehow evolved to look exactly like humans .
For reasons that may or may not be related to the show 's budget , the cylons have only managed to clone 12 different human models , so the vast ranks of cyclons are all played by the same 12 actors .
( That may sound confusing , but it 's not a patch on how confusing BSG will seem to you if you casually dip in to an episode without starting the show right from the beginning . )
As the new show begins , these human - lookalike models are the enemy within , living in secret among the humans - some undercover , but some , who have not yet been activated , with no idea that they are machines .
What really sets the show apart from the original , though , are its politics .
With an opening that starts with an apocalypse - the near wiping out of the human race by the cylons - and ratchets the action up from there , it 's hard not to read the series as being anything other than deeply rooted in the politics of Bush - era America .
The idea to revive the show came shortly after 9/11 , and its influence permeates the story .
But where a contemporary show such as 24 has chosen to deal with the war on terror by setting up a string of impossibly last - minute disaster scenarios that can only be foiled if Jack Bauer flicks through his on - the - hoof torture manual , Battlestar has taken a much more elegant and complicated tack .
At first , we sympathise with the humans ( read : America ) , under attack from a horde of impossible - to - detect alien invaders within ( read : al - Qaida ) .
Then you realise that it 's the cylons , the baddies , who believe in a more Christian - sounding " one true God " - and the humans who worship a bunch of different gods .
And that even though they 've perpetrated mass genocide , it 's nonetheless the cylons - created and then turned upon by humans - who believe themselves to hold the moral high ground .
In its third series Battlestar manages to pull off one of the most extraordinary leaps in American TV when the surviving group of humans find themselves living under cylon occupation on a new planet and our human heroes decide to use suicide bombing against the cylons .
It 's the sort of move you can only pull once you 've taken viewers with you on a properly engaging journey .
Suddenly you 're looking at a collection of people that you 've come to know and respect - rather than a string of dramatic archetypes - and being asked to watch them , even identify with them , as they debate the merits of terrorism .
So it 's Colonel Tigh , the brilliant , bitter , drunken military man , who decides to sacrifice innocent human bystanders for the sake of taking down a few " frakking toasters " ( as they call cylons ) .
Even if you do n't agree with their actions ( and the show 's not so glib that you 're supposed to ) , you understand how they 've come to them , and that 's the key to BSG 's genius .
It does n't ever talk down to its audience , or pander to gung - ho - American - war - on - terror rhetoric .
Instead , it plays out issues in an adult fashion , allowing characters to debate what they 're doing , to remember what they 've done , to question why they 're doing it - and crucially , to be called to account for their actions later .
It 's this sense of time passing and actions being remembered that gives the show a real depth .
Characters grow , change their minds , fall in and out of love , quit jobs and get arrested , lose themselves in drink binges and then pull themselves together .
It 's also a show that 's technically very much of its time , with people devouring it on Sky1's HD broadcasts days after US transmission , nicking it off PirateBay to watch on laptops just hours later , downloading it legally from iTunes - or waiting for the box sets , where it makes the perfect " just one more " experience .
But all that 's also served to diminish the impact to some extent .
Even with fellow fans who you know are watching on the same format as you , it feels only polite to start every conversation you want to have with , " Hang on - where are you up to ? " just to make sure you do n't blow any crucial new moments .
Like so many of the best shows to come out of America recently ( The Wire , Breaking Bad , 30 Rock ) , its reception has been one of a slow groundswell , rather than an instant mass hit .
It 's one of those quirky , modern life conundrums .
You want to tell as many people as possible that they 're missing out on something really special , but you do n't want to tell them too much in case they do end up watching it ; or even talk about it too loudly in public because you can't really keep prefacing every conversation you 'd like to have over the water cooler with a verbal spoiler alert just in case you ruin anything for anyone within earshot who is keeping up .
( This is also the reason why I 'm avoiding details about the final series here , as a lot of fans are waiting for the final DVD .
But it 's good .
Really good . )
If you 're still not convinced you should give it a go , maybe we should leave it to the succinct words of the great amazon.
co.uk poet who wrote : " If you liked that other great stuff , you 'll like this . "
The key players
( Spoiler alert : if you have n't watched any of the shows , do n't read this )
Dr Gaius Baltar ( James Callis )
Baltar starts out as the galaxy 's smartest ( human ) scientist .
Then he is seduced by an enigmatic woman , who is actually Caprica Six , a cylon agent on a mission to gain access to humans ' defence mainframe .
When the cylon nukes start raining down , Baltar realises he has inadvertently betrayed his entire species .
Baltar survives the nuclear holocaust and his subsequent journey through space takes him from trusted scientist to vice - president , then president , war criminal , cylon prisoner and finally religious cult leader .
All through the series he sees visions of Caprica Six in his head that are never really explained .
Is she a ghost ?
An angel ?
A cylon chip implanted in his head ?
Or is he mad ?
Whatever the truth , Callis 's performance is extraordinary .
Number Six ( Tricia Helfer )
Of all the humanoid cylons , it 's the Number Six model we see in the widest number of roles .
First , there 's the Six on the planet Caprica who convinces Baltar to hand over the defence codes .
Then there 's the model who shows up early on to try and denounce Baltar as a traitor .
Another version of Six is stationed on the Battlestar Pegasus and has a relationship with Admiral Helena Cain before betraying her .
Other models look after Baltar on the " cylon basestar " and run the occupation government on New Caprica .
Sixes are everywhere .
And it 's a testament to Helfer 's excellent acting that they all seem so different .
Oh , and she looks amazing
President Laura Roslin ( Mary McDonnell )
Laura Roslin is education minister - and 43rd in line to the presidency - when the cylons first attack .
The next moment , she is president .
It is not exactly a resounding triumph for democracy , but she soon rises to the challenge .
Later , the drugs that she is taking to counter the effects of her breast cancer treatment give her hallucinations that convince her that she is the " dying leader " who is destined to lead the fleet in search of Earth in an ancient religious prophecy .
And yes , in the future , it would seem , breast cancer is still a threat .
And people ( particularly doctors ) still smoke cigarettes .
Kara " Starbuck " Thrace ( Katee Sackhoff )
She starts out as the fleet 's most skilled pilot ( in a role played by a man in the original show ) and ends up as its " harbinger of doom " : Starbuck has definitely had one of the more unusual story arcs during the series .
After a long will - they - wo n't - they relationship with Lee Adama , the son of Battlestar Galactic 's commander , she gets married to someone who turns out to be one of the Final Five Cylons - which , of course , wo n't mean anything until you watch the show .
Along the way she is brainwashed by various copies of a certain cylon ( whom she keeps killing ) , seems to die in an explosion in space , and then somehow turns up in a new ship with the directions to Earth .
Go Kara .
• The final episode of Battlestar Galactic is on Sky1 on Tuesday 24 March at 9 pm .
What should a grain silo look like ?
April 21 , 2009
Should form equal function ?
If something is to work well it often must , but that tells you less about what it should look like than you ’d think .
Nowhere is this clearer than in the amazing photography of Bernd and Hilla Becher , a German artist couple who spent the last fifty years taking pictures of industrial architecture :
The Bechers first collaborated on photographing and documenting the disappearing German industrial architecture in 1959 , and had their first Gallery exhibition in 1963 at the Galerie Ruth Nohl in Siegen .
They were fascinated by the similar shapes in which certain buildings were designed .
In addition , they were intrigued by the fact that so many of these industrial buildings seemed to have been built with a great deal of attention toward design .
Together , the Bechers went out with a large format camera and photographed these buildings from a number of different angles , but always with a straightforward “ objective ” point of view .
The images of structures with similar functions were then displayed side by side to invite viewers to compare their forms and designs .
These structures included barns , water towers , storage silos , and warehouses .
( from Wikipedia )
Looking at these pictures it ’s fascinating to watch different shapes emerge in the designs of each type of building .
Even though they are utterly functional and mostly have the same constraints , they still vary considerably .
More evidence that , as with the Chords Bridge , creativity can be born out of thinking not outside but * inside * the box .
Here are a few pictures of their works .
More here ( from their book Typologies ) and in exhibitions worldwide .
Gravel Plants ( 2006 )
Framework Houses ( 1970 )
Grain Elevators ( 1985 )
Winding towers ( 1983 )
Cooling Towers ( 1976 )
Bonus for photography lovers : the photography of Edward Weston .
On February 28th , a team of four Spanish teenage students and their instructor from IES La Bisbal school in Catalonia launched a weather probe they designed and built themselves .
Their helium - filled balloon carried a payload of electronics and a camera to take atmospheric measurements and photographs throughout the trip .
After getting permission from aviation officials and getting good weather , they released the probe on a trip that took it over 30,000 meters ( 19 miles ) above sea level , through winds gusting up to 100 kph , and temperatures reaching - 54C ( - 65.2 F ) , and traveling 38 kilometers overland in a time of 2 hours and 10 minutes .
The Meteotek08 team has collected their images and data on both their blog and flickr page , and has kindly given me permission to share these photos here with you .
( 28 photos total
Hockey Streaker Scores Ghost Goal
Total Pro Sports – During a local amateur hockey game , a drunken streaker shocks the crowd with his naked “ stick . ”
I ’m sure everyone knows that one person who gets absolutely smashed on St. Patty ’s Day .
This years winner comes courtesy of an intoxicated hockey player .
The drunk streaker decided to lace up his skates and jump on the ice during a stoppage of play .
Being so drunk , he stumbled naked onto the ice , goalie stick in hand and headed for goal .
After a few hard falls and some frost bite , he ’s finally one on one with the goalie .
Watch this amazing move as he goes backhand top shelf .
Share This
One of the nice things about Linux — but by no means the most important — is the enhanced security that comes along with running it .
That does n't mean Linux never runs into security issues , though , and this week , the vulnerability in question centers around a nifty little service called udev .
According to advisories from several distributions , including Fedora , Ubuntu , and SUSE , a bug has been discovered that allows a local or remote user to exploit the udev service in order to gain root access to the system .
Specially crafted Netlink messages , if sent to udev , can allow the sender to create a block device file that is globally - writable for an existing block device — that includes the root file system .
The attacker can then create or manipulate files in order to gain root access to the system .
udev is a service , not a part of the kernel itself , used by most 2.6 series kernels to dynamically create files and folders — the / dev directory — for input and output from specific devices .
According to the SUSE Security Team 's Sebastian Krahmer , who discovered the original bug , a further udev issue has been discovered , involving a function for decoding the path which is vulnerable to an integer overflow , and according to reports , to a heap overflow as well .
At this time , it has only been confirmed that this second bug can cause udev to crash , though Fedora 's security team has not ruled out the possibility that it may be exploited to obtain root access .
Fixes are in the works for the affected distributions , with some having already pushed updated packages to users while others are in the process .
More information is available through security advisories from the relevant distributions , including Ubuntu Security Notice USN - 758 - 1 and FEDORA -2009 -3711 .
When traffic analysis leads to torture … 17 April 2009
The ACLU and the BBC have today posted the first memo , dated 1 August 2002 , authorising the use of torture by the CIA against Abu Zubaydah , described as “ one of the highest ranking members of Al Qaeda ” .
Interestingly one of the enablers for passing into an “ increased pressure phase ” ( you have to love these euphemisms ) comes down to traffic analysis , as this passage suggests :
According to the document “ intelligence indicates that there is currently a level of `chatter ’ equal to that which preceded the September 11 attacks ” .
It is not comforting at all to know that such automatic processing , as well as subjective interpretation , can be used to start torturing people , in the absence of any other concrete evidence .
Update : Steven Murdoch points to the Washington Post article clarifying the role of the Abu Zubaida as being nowhere near as important as initially assumed .
The article states that “ Abu Zubaida was not even an official member of al - Qaeda ” .
Worth reading in its entirety .
Why do we even bother holding elections anymore ?
The Alaska Republican Party is calling on Democratic Sen. Mark Begich to resign his first - term post as senator , one day after Attorney General Eric Holder cleared former Alaska Sen .
Ted Stevens of felony charges Wednesday .
" The Alaska Republican Party ... believes that current Senator Mark Begich should resign his position to allow for a new , special election , so Alaskans may have the chance to vote for a senator without the improper influence of the corrupt Department of Justice , " the Alaska Republican Party 's Web site states .
We had an election .
There were no irregularities with the election .
Mark Begich won .
Nobody disputes any of this .
The entire investigation into Ted Stevens ' lawbreaking was conducted by a Republican Justice Department .
And naturally enough , the Bush DOJ managed to screw up the investigation .
Given that virtually everything the Bushies touched turned to suck , this is no surprise to anyone .
Yet somehow , this is all grounds for overturning a perfectly legitimate election .
Because the Republican lost , ya see !
And that 's no fair !
After all , Republicans should be rewarded for Republican screwups !
Heck , why stop here ?
Why not ask President Obama to resign ?
We all know he would have been slaughtered if Stevens had n't been under indictment !
It 's a center - right country , after all !
You know , Kay Hagan should resign too !
If this BS investigation into Stevens had n't sullied the good name of senile Republicans everywhere , Elizabeth Dole would have thrashed her !
You know , what would really be fair to Stevens is to give him his seat back , and have Mark Begich do time in prison on Stevens ' behalf .
Needless to say , the pretty Alaskan face of Republican suckitude thinks this is a swell idea , also :
WASHINGTON — Gov. Sarah Palin and the head of the Alaska Republican Party said Thursday that Sen. Mark Begich should give his Senate seat up to a special election now that prosecutors have abandoned their case against Ted Stevens .
" Alaskans deserve to have a fair election not tainted by some announcement that one of the candidates was convicted fairly of seven felonies , when in fact it was n't a fair conviction , " Palin said in a Thursday interview with the Daily News .
The governor said she does not want to " split hairs " on whether Begich should resign or not but agrees with the Republican Party 's call for a special election .
It 's not surprising that Palin thinks that this particular Republican screwup should be rewarded ; she 's a pretty egregious Republican screwup herself .
It is a bit , how you say , hypocritical , given that homegirl herself was one of the Republican wolves calling for Stevens ' head back when it was fashionable to do so .
" After being found guilty on seven felony counts , I had hoped Senator Stevens would take the opportunity to do the statesman - like thing and erase the cloud that is covering his Senate seat , " Palin said in a written statement .
" He has not done so .
Alaskans are grateful for his decades of public service but the time has come for him to step aside . "
But gosh darn it , you can't expect poor naive Sarah to have any consistency in her positions , also !
She and the rest of the clowns in that disgraced political party can keep on howling at the moon all they like , though .
Mark Begich is n't going anywhere .
And Republican attempts to overturn a perfectly fair and legitimate election only illustrates once again their utter contempt for the democratic process and the American citizenry .
And as long as they feel like whining , John Cole has a pretty good response :
Sat ,
01/17/2009 - 23:39 — root
The National / Maori /
Act Party government has apparently been continuing its trend towards environment destroying policies .
According to Russel Norman of the Green Party , the government plans to drop funding for recycling bins in public places .
This policy comes on the tail of a litany of eco-unfriendly policies announced since the new government came into power late last year .
Dr Norman 's article focuses on the effects of this policy on tourism .
I do n't think that New Zealand should be environmentally friendly so we look better than other countries and get more tourism spending , and so environmental policy should be more than just smoke and mirrors .
Ultimately , the future of the planet and all people / things on it depend on the environment , and all governments around the world should be showing leadership and working to help the public protect the environment .
Recycling , if done properly , can be hugely beneficial to the environment - valuable resources can be reused , and the damage to land ( and the associated eco- systems ) used for landfill can be reduced .
Recycling will also , in many cases , be more energy efficient ( especially for things like aluminium cans ) .
As such , the " Love NZ " recycling bin scheme was a move in the right direction - otherwise , people will just throw recyclables into the public rubbish bins instead .
When this is stacked up against other actions of the government , things look very bleak indeed .
The government has announced it will :
Stop the emissions trading scheme , and therefore move away from reducing CO2 emissions
Cancel the energy efficiency standard for lightbulbs , which would have seen inefficient lightbulbs phased out
Change away from previous policy to prefer sustainable power sources , opening up the possibility for coal or gas or thermal power plants
Weaken the resource management act so companies can come up with environmentally unfriendly ideas with less scrutiny
Repealed legislation creating a future obligation on fuel providers to provide sustainable biofuels
All in all , it would look to someone who did n't know better , that the National / Act / Maori party government was actually trying to destroy the environment .
In reality , this is n't quite true .
Right wing politicians generally work by supporting the self - interest of big companies and the rich ( helping the rich get richer and big companies exploit the people and the natural environment , unhindered , and often helped , by the government ) .
They then use donation money they get from these big players ( it is n't a quid pro quo exchange of money for policy , but more a willingness to pay to help the politicians meet their self - interest ) to try to con the public into believing that letting themselves , and their natural environment be exploited in this way is in their own interest .
Everyone acts out of what they believe to be self - interest , the right wing politician gets into power , and disaster ensues .
Ultimately , this comes down to the Tragedy of the Commons .
The environment is a shared resource for everyone .
By polluting the environment , people can become richer ( they reap the entire benefit of the exploitation ) , but they only pay a small part of the cost , which is shared by everyone who suffers due to a degraded environment .
The solution to the Tragedy of the Commons is to internalise the externalities - that is , to make it so the environment is no longer a common resource for everyone to exploit to an unlimited extent at no cost , but instead to make polluters pay everyone else back for the damage they do to the environment .
The emissions trading scheme ( which National et. al. plan to stop ) would achieve this by making polluters pay for their emissions to those who are taking carbon out of the air .
Part of the problem is that the political process does n't really recognise future generations - the people voting are those who are alive and of voting age today , not those who will suffer further down the line , and also that people are easy to bribe with short - term prosperity over the next three years at the expense of longer term costs .
In New Zealand , there is also the ' drop in the bucket ' argument - we are only a small part of the world , so we can't make much of a difference .
I am always astonished by the lack of foresight when I hear the drop in the bucket argument ; if everyone puts their drop in the bucket , the bucket fills up very fast .
I think the solution is for us all to keep up public awareness of environmental issues , by setting a good example and bringing up the discussion as a topic with friends .
It may be three years until the next election , but only a few of the very rich get any real long - term benefit from right - wing policies , and yet over 50 % voted for them ... and I 'm sure people in National know that they need to keep those people happy .
If those people demand that National look after the environment better , it is the ordinary New Zealanders who will get their way , not the very rich .
1. Preheat oven to 350 °F . and place rack in middle of oven .
Grease and lightly flour 9 - inch cake pan ( or use 8 - inch pan if you 'd like a slightly taller cake . )
2. Prepare cake :
In a small saucepan , combine cocoa powder and stout .
Heat over low - moderate heat until smooth and warmed .
Set aside to cool .
3 . In a medium bowl , sift together flour , baking soda , baking powder and salt .
In a large bowl with an electric mixer on low - medium speed , beat butter until creamy .
Gradually add sugar and beat until pale yellow in color .
Beat in eggs , one at a time , and vanilla .
4 . Stir buttermilk into cooled cocoa and stout mixture .
5 . With the mixer on low , slowly add 1/3 of the buttermilk mixture into creamed butter until incorporated .
Add the flour mixture in three parts , alternating with the remaining two parts of the buttermilk and ending with the flour .
Batter will look grainy or appear to be breaking up .
6 . Pour batter into prepared cake pan and bake 25 - 35 minutes or until cake pulls away from the sides of the pan and a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean .
Remove to wire rack with parchment or waxed paper beneath it .
Allow cake to cool in pan for 10 minutes , then slide knife around the edge of pan and invert to release cake , bottom side up , onto wire rack .
When cool , use a fork to poke holes generously into bottom side of cake .
7 . To prepare sauce : Mix sauce ingredients in a small saucepan and heat over low heat until smooth .
Allow to cool .
Spoon 3 / 4 of the sauce over bottom of cake , allowing sauce to seep into cake .
Invert cake right side up onto serving platter .
Poke holes in top of cake and spoon remainder of sauce on top of cake .
8. Prepare glaze : Bring cream to a simmer in a small saucepan .
Turn off heat and stir in chocolate until sauce is smooth and creamy .
Pour onto finished cake , smooth ganache atop and along sides of cake .
Ganache will pool at bottom of cake and can be removed with a knife .
9 . If desired , spoon extra ganache into zip baggie , snip corner and squeeze atop cake in zigzag lines or decorative pattern .
If ganache is too runny , allow to thicken in bag until stiff .
Op - Ed : Ann Coulter 's Swan Song Daniel Borchers - Guest columnist
Published : Wednesday March 18 , 2009
Print This Email This Conservative critic on why Coulter can't , wo n't write new book
In a BookTV interview postponed from February and airing last weekend , author Ann Coulter said that she will probably stop writing books , citing increasing taxes on the rich by the Obama administration .
Reading between the lines , and in light of greatly diminished book sales for Coulter over recent years , one can conclude two things .
First , Coulters essays will continue unabated even as her involvement in politically - oriented projects ( e.g. , media campaigns , DVDs , etc. ) increases .
After all , her last book , Guilty , was published three months late  and still rushed to press for a pre-inaugural release  because of Coulters involvement in a series of video projects in 2008 .
The second thing which can be gleaned from Coulters surprise announcement is that writing and publishing another book has become both a daunting and a dangerous task for her .
Daunting ?
Writing all new material  different from her syndicated column  has proven a challenge for Coulter .
Slander ( 2002 ) and Treason ( 2003 ) drew heavily from previously published materials .
How to Talk to a Liberal ( 2004 ) was a collection .
Godless ( 2006 ) was released over 2 ½ years after Treason .
If Democrats Had Any Brains ( 2007 ) was another collection .
Guilty ( 2009 ) was released over 2 ½ years after Godless .
Presumably any future book of original writing would be released in 2011 , at the earliest .
Meeting deadlines has always been a challenge for Coulter , who tends to take on more things than she can handle and who , as a last - born , has a tendency towards irresponsibility .
Sticking to the regimen of producing a new book amidst the many opportunities afforded her in new and exciting projects would in itself pose a dilemma for Conservatisms diva .
Dangerous ?
Despite bulk sales , Coulters last two books did not hit the best seller list until after contrived controversies boosted her sales .
With dramatically diminished book sales and the distinct possibility of her next book not being a bestseller , Coulter is already providing preemptive rationalizations to preclude speculation into why there will be no  New Ann Coulter book .
According to her own paradigm , this would constitute failure  something most feared by this conservative heroine .
Moreover , as Coulter approaches fifty , the Age Factor will roundly replace the Babe Factor in impacting future sales .
Coulter is keenly aware of those dynamics .
What , then , can we expect from Coulter in coming years ?
Sporadic controversies thrusting Coulter into the limelight .
A continuing mixture of keen insights and polemical ad hominem attacks in Coulters commentary .
And an expanded presence on college campuses to tap into the youthful zeal of college conservatives and reap the rapturous praise they provide this pundette who seeks self - glory above all else .
( Daniel Borchers , a conservative , has been a longtime vocal critic of Coulter 's work at the CoulterWatch website .
Disenchanted by the hypocrisy and corruption which have invaded the Conservative Movement , Mr. Borchers founded Citizens for Principled Conservatism in the fall of 2001 .
In his role as Executive Director of CPC , Mr. Borchers seeks to reinvigorate principles and ideals within the Conservative Movement and he views the extremist elements within that Movement as both dangerous and self - destructive . ) .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Apple on Tuesday afternoon provided its vast developer community with a second beta release of iPhone Software 3.0 , which arrived alongside a promise by the company to gradually open its live Push Notification service and In - App Purchasing to beta testers in the near term .
The Cupertino - based iPhone maker reportedly told developers downloading the build , labeled iPhone OS beta 2 build 7A259 , that they could begin developing applications that will rely on the company 's new Push Notification service immediately .
Similarly , developers were also provided with more detailed information on how to build in - app purchasing functionality into their existing or future applications .
Much of this technical information will reportedly appear in a App Store Kit reference guide .
Apple said it plans to open its live testing services that support these new services during the ongoing iPhone 3.0 beta test program , but warned that access would be limited to a chosen few developers at first , and gradually expanding to more developers as time progresses .
In an article published last Wednesday , AppleInsider reported that Apple engineers were " racing to deliver a new build of iPhone Software 3.0 to iPhone and iPod touch developers " that would support " live support for Push Notifications through Apple 's servers . "
Meanwhile , developers familiar with the new beta say Apple appears to have knocked out quite a few bugs that were reported by testers of the original beta released on March 17th .
( A comprehensive walk - through of changes in this build is available here . )
Another series of changes were reportedly documented alongside the release of a new version of the iPhone SDK also released Tuesday .
Some specific components that received attention were GameKit , Bluetooth , MapKit , Fonts , the messaging user interface , and text fields .
Apple has also reportedly confirmed that MMS messaging and device tethering wo n't be supported at all during the iPhone 3.0 beta test .
Changes in Beta 2
There 's reportedly a new menu item in the system preferences labeled " Store " that contains no data .
The build runs much faster than beta 1 and includes substantial stability improvements .
When asked to assess Mr. Bush ’s presidency more precisely , just 17 percent of those surveyed rated it very good or good , while 83 percent said it had been average or poor .
Fifty - nine percent of Americans regarded Mr. Clinton ’s presidency as very good or good when he left office , and 40 percent viewed the presidency of the elder Mr. Bush the same way .
The public ’s assessment of the president ’s handling of both the economy and the war in Iraq was markedly negative .
Seventy - seven percent disapproved of Mr. Bush ’s management of the economy , and 71 percent faulted his handling of the war .
In surveys that began with Gallup polling in the administration of Franklin D. Roosevelt , Mr. Bush has the distinction of being the president with both the highest and lowest approval ratings .
The highest , 90 percent , was recorded shortly after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The campaign against terrorism is one area in which he continues to win a measure of support from the public , with 47 percent approving of his handling of the issue and 48 percent disapproving .
Republicans were particularly supportive of him on the subject of terrorism : 87 percent approved of his administration ’s actions to fight it .
Still , not only do Americans disapprove of the overall job Mr. Bush has done , but record numbers also have an unfavorable opinion of him personally .
Six in 10 of those surveyed said they viewed him negatively , while about one - quarter viewed him favorably .
Afghanistan is Lost Because Pakistan Can’t Be Fixed
Former Ambassador Dan Simpson has written an excellent article on why Afghanistan is lost and Obama should get out :
It is simple .
It is impossible to fix Afghanistan without fixing Pakistan .
It is impossible to fix Pakistan .
Thus , Afghanistan is and will remain an impossible sinkhole
I ’ll go one further .
The war in Afghanistan is destabilizing Pakistan .
Continuing or escalating the war in Afghanistan may not just mean Pakistan is n’t “ fixed , ” it may mean that Pakistan falls into anarchy or into the hands of Pakistani Taliban or other folks fundamentally hostile to the West .
In any case , go read Simpson ’s full article , he makes his case very well .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Emilio San Pedro
BBC News
Defence Secretary Robert Gates has said the US wants to increase the military assistance it provides Mexico for its fight against drugs trafficking .
He pointed to what he described as the Mexican president 's courageous effort against the cartels .
Mr Gates said Washington was more prepared now to help Mexico in its fight against the cartels which control the flow of illegal narcotics .
More than 1,000 people have been killed so far in 2009 .
Mr Gates said aid could come in the form of military hardware , training and intelligence support to help the Mexican authorities in their fight against the well - armed and organised drugs traffickers .
Death and destruction " It clearly is a serious problem , " Mr Gates said .
But he pointed to Mexican President Felipe Calderon as the main reason for this renewed interest on Washington 's part .
He said : " What I think people need to point out is the courage that Calderon has shown in taking this on , because one of the reasons it 's gotten as bad as it has is because his predecessors basically refused to do that . "
However , the comments may also be aimed at defusing a diplomatic row which ensued between the two countries just days ago , after the publication of a US Pentagon report which said the drugs - related violence could turn Mexico into a failed state .
That prompted a terse response from Mr Calderon , who rejected the report 's findings and said the authorities in Mexico were very much in control of the country .
Beyond the political rhetoric , the drugs - related violence has left a path of death and destruction in its wake .
More than 6,000 people were killed in the violence last year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Monika Zsibrita : Nude Model 's Lawsuit Against Chris Rock Unsealed ( Photos )
, a Hungarian model , made headlines in 1999 when she filed a paternity suit against comedian .
After two DNA tests revealed that Rock was not the father , Zsibrita accused him of rape .
The blonde model , now 36 and a married stay - at - home mom , says she wanted the documents unsealed so her side of the story could be told .
Often called a gold digger in the media , Zsibrita says she comes from a wealthy family and this was never about money .
Zsibrita met Rock at Sunday brunch at the Four Seasons hotel in Beverly Hills in 1998 , which led to two dinner dates - the second one leading back to Rock 's hotel room , where the two had sex .
The model says she was initially too embarrassed to make a sexual assault complaint , and only went to authorities at the urging of a rape counselor .
Rock hired notorious celebrity private investigator Anthony Pellicano , who is currently serving a 15 - year sentence on wiretapping charges .
In a recorded phone call Rock told Pellicano , " I want to blacken this girl up , totally .
I want to make her out to be a lying , scumbag , manipulative c-- ks -- ker … Stupid b-- ch . "
Zsibrita 's home was broken into repeatedly and photos of her daughter were removed , according to the suit .
" My side has never been out , " Zsibrita said outside the courtroom .
" This has basically ruined my life . "
I recently booked a May round - trip Alaska Airlines flight to and from Cabo San Lucas for a base price of $ 150.00 .
The after - tax rate of $ 249 is perhaps the lowest I 've paid for a trip to Land 's End in 20 years .
Of course if you 've watched the news , you know that Mexico is now ruled entirely by drug lords and crooked cops .
I 'll have to dodge bullets , inspect shadows for kidnappers and check my fish cooler for human heads .
But sometimes you just have to let caution fly and have some fun ....
Seriously , the U.S. media , despite admirable coverage of most aspects of Mexico 's high - profile drug war , have frightened thousands into believing they face certain peril if they set foot in Mexico .
In truth , many stand at least as good a chance of becoming a murder victim in or near their own communities .
So implies Frank Koughan , executive editor of the Burro Hall website and a former producer for CBS News ' " 60 Minutes . "
In a recent blog post , Koughan , who for nearly three years has lived in Queretaro on mainland Mexico , repeated a point I 've stressed often on Outposts :
That the vast majority of the 7,000 or so people murdered in Mexico during the past 16 months were involved in the illicit drug trade or worked for law enforcement agencies fighting the narco war .
Share
tweet
This has got to be one of the coolest themed couches ever created .
Montanara by Gaetano Pesce creates the illusion of a mountain scene right in your living room , including cushion waterfalls and jagged support peaks of doom .
The picturesque couch makes you feel larger than life as you use nature ’s largest objects as your personal lounging tool .
Just watch where you sit .
Those pine trees can be a bitch .
See more after the jumptastic jump .
Link [ via ]
LeBron James Farts Are Silent But Deadly
Total Pro Sports –
Yes , even professional athletes like to drop a little gas while they are working .
A common thing at the workplace , how many times have you farted or wanted to fart at work ????
This time its LeBron James , as he walked onto the court James sits beside the unexpected Anderson Varejao as hit target .
James opens his tearaway pants and leads the fart to Varejao ’s nose .
He does n’t expect nothing until the silent but deadly fart hits him in the face .
“ Ouuuuuffffffffff , Oh My Godddddddddd ”
Take a look at the video , it ’s absolutely classic .
HT : [ HotClicks ]
Share This
The Mexican government said Monday it would slap tariffs on 90 U.S. industrial and agricultural products , in a trade dispute that underscored the difficulties facing President Barack Obama as he tries to assure business and global allies that he favors free trade .
Mexico said the tariffs were in retaliation for the cancellation of a pilot program allowing Mexican trucks to transport cargo throughout the U.S .
Unions ...
NASA scientists have discovered there is possibly more than one life forming chemical in the universe .
Astronomers were using the Spitzer space telescope while observing planet forming material swirling around various types of stars .
They were looking for a chemical found in every living organism on earth .
Hydrogen cyanide is a component of the basic element found in all DNA .
Scientists observed over 60 stars .
They were not able to find any traces of the basic DNA element in 70 % of the stars which were similar to our sun .
Also , they also did not find any traces of the element around the cooler and smaller stars similar to commonly found reddish - colored stars known as M - dwarfs ( see below for definition ) .
Considering some recently discovered M - dwarf stars have been thought of as simply larger versions of Earths or “ Super Earths , ” scientists now find themselves questioning what type of life , if any , could these other earths sustain .
M-dwarf : “ An M dwarf is the smallest kind of star there is .
They have masses ranging from about 50 percent of the Sun ’s mass down to about 8 percent of the Sun ’s mass .
That ’s a huge range , as far as stars are concerned .
Because , for example , the amount of light coming to our eyes , if we were on a planet going around an M dwarf , would vary from one end of the range to the other by a factor of about 10 thousand .
So you have a lot of different environments around M dwarfs . ” ( astrobio )
Even when you just mention the word “ Torrent ” these days , it ’s automatically associated with piracy and downloading music or movies .
While this may be true to a large degree , bittorrent can still be used for completely legitimate downloading including Linux ISO images and game patches to name only a few .
If we ’re honest though , most people do n’t consider watching something like an episode from a TV show which has n’t been aired in your country yet , that bad .
But unfortunately , there are anti P2P organizations that frown on downloads like this just as much as the latest movie or music album .
And every torrent users favorite acronyms , the RIAA or MPAA will be doing what they can to try and stop you even for downloads most people would think are totally acceptable .
One of the ways they are trying to disrupt torrent downloads is by polluting the torrent network with fake peers .
All the data received from these fakes is not really part of the torrent file and is therefore classified as corrupt or invalid by your torrent client and is useless , or “ wasted data ” .
The amount of wasted data could run into tens or even hundreds of Megabytes per torrent and taking your files much longer to complete the download .
There is another and more serious downside in being connected to one of these fake peers .
And that is , unless you take precautions such as hiding your real IP address using a Virtual Private Network ( VPN ) or using a third party service such as Boxopus to download it for you , once the connection has been established , your Internet address has been identified and logged .
The anti P2P organization then has your IP address , and I ’m sure you ’ve all read about what can happen after that …
Luckily there are a few ways you can get round this and almost completely stop anti P2P organizations , Government organizations , or law enforcement agencies from connecting to your torrents !
If you are using the popular torrent client µ Torrent , you can employ a still relatively little known and hidden away feature called IP filtering that ’s built into the program .
It ’s a simple list that includes the IP address of just about all of the organizations you do n’t want connecting to your torrents , which can then be blocked .
But before you can use this filter , the list needs to be downloaded from the internet because uTorrent does n’t include one .
Unfortunately , one of the best sources for these blacklists is Bluetack , the people behind the Azureus BT client , but they have made their lists available ONLY if you donate and subscribe to their forum .
There is still an easy way to get a blacklist by downloading and installing IPFilter Updater .
This little tool will download the required file and put it into the correct location ( % AppData % \uTorrent ) for use with uTorrent .
Click
Go and let it download from the default mirror ( I - Blocklist ) .
After the ipfilter .dat has been downloaded and installed , start uTorrent and go into preferences ( Options -> Preferences or Ctrl+P ) , and click on Advanced .
In the right hand pane , make sure that “ ipfilter.enable ” is set to true , and then close the dialog .
On newer versions of uTorrent this is enabled by default , but you may need to check if you still run an older version .
Toggling this option off and on again will reload the ipfilter .dat file .
You can verify that the list has been loaded by looking under the Logger tab of uTorrent , where you should see the line “ Loaded ipfilter .dat ( xxx entries ) ” .
If you do n’t have a logger tab , right click on the tabs area and select “ Logger ” .
Note :
It ’s advisable to run the IPFilter Updater tool at regular intervals ( once a week or so ) to keep your blacklist up to date , because new addresses will be included when found and this could mean the difference being safe and getting into trouble !
Nintendo has yet to face a serious competitor in the handheld field — the best Sony 's PSP could do was carve out a respectable niche far below the sales of the DS .
The new DS is finally coming to American shores to cement that lead : the Nintendo DSi is coming to North America on April 5 , for $ 169.99 .
The DSi is much more of a portable entertainment device than the previous iterations of the hardware .
The system features two digital cameras , along with the ability to manipulate the pictures you take .
There is also software to listen to , and fiddle with , music on the system via the built - in SD card slot .
The built - in microphone allows you to record your voice or ambient sounds .
The aspect of the system with the most promise for gamers is the app store .
Gamers will be able to download new games and applications from WiFi hotspots ... for a price .
Applications start at 200 points , or $ 2 , and will go up from there .
In a blow to importers , the DSiWare service is regionally encoded , which means you wo n't be able to enjoy Japanese applications , and ours will remain on our North American machines .
The DSi was designed to be a supplement to the DS line of hardware , and not a replacement for the hardware that 's already out there .
Since the new hardware removes the GBA slot , gamers may want to hold on to their existing systems if they hope to play their older games , or the Guitar Hero : On Tour series .
The system will launch in two colors : black , and the new blue color pictured here .
Expenses row intensifies prompting ministers to explain differences in claims amounting to £ 20,000 in some areas
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Link to Tony Hirst 's map
A Guardian project using Google Maps has revealed differences of up to £ 20,000 in neighbouring MPs ' travel expenses .
In north - east England , Labour 's David Clelland ( Tyne Bridge ) claimed £ 25,019 in travel expenses for 2007 - 08 , while his neighbours , chief whip Nick Brown ( Newcastle upon Tyne East and Wallsend ) and foreign secretary David Miliband ( South Shields ) , claimed nothing and £ 4,884 respectively .
On the outskirts of London , Chris Grayling , the shadow home secretary and Tory MP for Epsom and Ewell , claimed £ 10,105 for travel , significantly more than other MPs living a similar distance from Westminster .
His neighbours Edward Davey , the Lib Dem foreign affairs spokesman , who represents Kingston and Surbiton , and Crispin Blunt , the Tory security spokesman and MP for Reigate , claimed £ 2,004 and £ 3,123 respectively .
Grayling said the bare figures failed to take into account his duties as a Tory frontbencher .
" What you 're missing is I 'm a member of the shadow cabinet who travels all around the country .
At the moment I 'm visiting all the police forces in the country .
" Over the last three years I 've been shadow transport secretary , shadow work and pensions secretary , and I 'm now shadow home secretary . "
He added : " These figures are flawed as the House of Commons lumps constituency travel together with extended travel costs , which is travel used by frontbench MPs on fact - finding visits around the country in their role as shadow ministers . "
Another outlier was Labour MP Geoffrey Robinson ( Coventry North West ) , whose travel expenses totalled £ 21,534 .
Near - neighbours and fellow Labour MPs Jim Cunningham ( Coventry South ) and Bob Ainsworth ( Coventry North East ) filed only £ 4,418 and £ 3,698 apiece .
Robinson said his expenses were higher than his neighbours for two reasons .
" I bought a season ticket for the rail which was £ 6,000 in one month , and I travel up and down [ from Coventry to London ] more than they do because I do n't live in the constituency . "
He added : " It 's all justified by receipts for travel . "
The MPs ' travel expenses data was transformed into an easy - to - read Google Map by Tony Hirst , a lecturer at the Open University and Guardian reader .
He picked up the figures from the paper 's website as part of Data Store , the Guardian 's unique experiment in allowing its readers access to key sets of data .
An anomaly at the other end of the scale was Alex Salmond , the SNP MP for Banff and Buchan , who claimed only £ 6,170 for travel , despite living 430 miles from Westminster .
Salmond spends a lot of his time at the Edinburgh parliament where he serves as Scotland 's first minister .
Salmond 's situation was made easy to analyse by another reader , Matt Riggott , who organised the list of MPs ' expenses according to how far each lived from parliament .
2
The mud has long been used by pregnant women and children here as an antacid and source of calcium .
But in places like Cite Soleil , the oceanside slum where Charlene shares a two - room house with her baby , five siblings , and two unemployed parents , cookies made of dirt , salt , and vegetable shortening have become a regular meal .
" When my mother does not cook anything , I have to eat them three times a day , " Charlene said .
Her baby , named Woodson , lay still across her lap , looking even thinner than the slim 6 pounds , 3 ounces , he weighed at birth .
Though she likes their buttery , salty taste , Charlene said the cookies also give her stomach pains .
" When I nurse , the baby sometimes seems colicky , too , " she said .
Food prices around the world have spiked because of higher prices for oil , which is needed for fertilizer , irrigation , and transportation .
Prices for basic ingredients such as corn and wheat are also up sharply , and the increasing global demand for biofuels is pressuring food markets as well .
The problem is particularly dire in the Caribbean , where island nations depend on imports and food prices are up 40 percent in places .
The global price increases , together with floods and crop damage from the 2007 hurricane season , prompted the United Nations Food and Agriculture Agency to declare states of emergency in Haiti and several other Caribbean countries .
Caribbean leaders held an emergency summit last month to discuss cutting food taxes and creating large , regional farms to reduce dependence on imports .
" È evidente e crescente l'incidenza della discriminazione e delle violazioni dei diritti umani fondamentali nei confronti degli immigrati in Italia .
Nel paese persistono razzismo e xenofobia anche verso richiedenti asilo e rifugiati , compresi i Rom.
Chiediamo al governo di intervenire efficacemente per contrastare il clima di intolleranza e per garantire la tutela ai migranti , a prescindere dal loro status " .
Sono insolitamente dure e nette le parole che il Comitato di esperti dell ' Ilo , l'Organizzazione internazionale del lavoro , agenzia Onu , usa per descrivere il trattamento degli immigrati in Italia e la violazione di alcune norme internazionali .
Come ogni anno , a marzo , esce il rapporto dell '
Ilo sull ' applicazione degli standard internazionali del lavoro e quest ' anno la pagina che riguarda l'Italia denuncia un comportamento senza precedenti per un paese europeo democratico , perché contravviene alla convenzione 143 , quella sulla " promozione della parità di opportunità e di trattamento dei lavoratori migranti " , ratificata dal nostro paese nel 1981 .
Tranne il Portogallo e la Slovenia , infatti , gli altri paesi saliti all ' attenzione dell ' agenzia
Onu per lo stesso motivo sono il Benin , il Burkina Faso , il Camerun e l'Uganda .
Il Comitato dell ' Ilo , formato da venti giuslavoristi provenienti da tutto il mondo , verifica costantemente l'osservazione delle norme da parte dei governi e in questo caso richiama l'esecutivo italiano all ' applicazione dei primi articoli della convenzione 143 , cioè al " rispetto dei diritti umani di tutti gli immigrati , senza alcuna distinzione di status " .
Inoltre , il governo ha l'obbligo di assicurare anche ai migranti occupati illegalmente il diritto a condizioni eque di lavoro e di salario , oltre che la tutela contro ogni forma di discriminazione .
Le critiche e le richieste dell ' Ilo si basano su quanto riportato dal Comitato consultivo della convenzione quadro per la protezione delle minoranze nazionali in Europa ( Acfc ) , che aveva già denunciato le dure condizioni di detenzione per gli immigrati irregolari , in attesa di rimpatrio .
Ma si basano anche sulle osservazioni di un altro organismo dell '
Onu per l'eliminazione della discriminazione razziale ( Cerd ) , che ha rilevato " gravi violazioni dei diritti umani verso i lavoratori migranti dell ' Africa , dell ' Est Europa e dell ' Asia , con maltrattamenti , salari bassi e dati in ritardo , orari eccessivi e situazioni di lavoro schiavistico in cui parte della paga è trattenuta dall ' impresa per un posto in dormitori affollati senza acqua né elettricità " .
I rapporti
Onu mettono in evidenza anche i " continui dibattiti razzisti e xenofobi essenzialmente contro immigrati non europei , discorsi ispirati dall ' odio contro gli stranieri e maltrattamenti delle forze di polizia verso i Rom , specialmente quelli di origine romena , durante i raid per lo sgombero dei campi " .
Insomma , una lunga lista di accuse che vanno dalla questione delle impronte digitali alla " retorica discriminatoria di alcuni leader politici che associano i Rom alla criminalità , creando nella pubblica opinione un clima diffuso di ostilità , antagonismo sociale e stigmatizzazione " .
Pertanto , il Comitato di esperti dell ' Ilo non può che esprimere " profonda preoccupazione " e invita il governo italiano a prendere " le dovute misure affinché ci sia parità di trattamento , nelle condizioni di lavoro , per tutti i migranti " , oltre che misure per " migliorare , nella pubblica opinione , la conoscenza e la consapevolezza della discriminazione , facendo accettare i migranti e le loro famiglie come membri della società a tutti gli effetti " .
Il documento si conclude con la richiesta al governo di rispondere punto per punto alle osservazioni fatte entro la fine del 2009 .
Appalling emergency care resulted in enormous suffering , says health watchdog in most damning report ever on an NHS hospital
Hundreds of patients suffered and died unnecessarily as a result of appalling emergency care at a flagship foundation trust , the government 's health watchdog said today in the most damning report ever on an NHS hospital in England .
The Healthcare Commission said senior managers at Mid Staffordshire NHS foundation trust were so obsessed with meeting targets and winning freedom from Whitehall control that they did not correct serious failings in the care of patients admitted through the accident and emergency ( A&E ) department .
Some patients were hidden away in unstaffed units that were used as " dumping grounds " to avoid breaching the four - hour target for the maximum waiting time in A&E .
During the three years to March 2008 , at least 400 more patients died than would have been expected at an average hospital with a similar case mix .
But the commission could not say how many of these deaths were directly attributable to the poor quality of care .
It said the problems centred on the trust 's hospital in Stafford where there were " low staffing levels , inadequate nursing , lack of equipment , lack of leadership , poor training and ineffective systems for identifying when things went wrong " .
Sir Ian Kennedy , the commission 's chairman , said : " This is a story of appalling standards of care and chaotic systems for looking after patients .
Those are words I have not previously used in any report .
There were inadequacies at almost every stage in the care of emergency patients .
There is no doubt that patients will have suffered and some of them will have died as a result . "
Alan Johnson , the health secretary , issued an immediate apology to the patients and ordered a national inquiry into whether an early warning system that is supposed to detect clinical underperformance is working effectively across the whole of the NHS .
Relatives of patients who died at the hospital will be entitled to an independent review of the case notes .
Johnson said : " This will be an essential step to put relatives ' minds at rest and to close this regrettable chapter in the hospital 's past . "
Sir Bruce Keogh , medical director of the NHS , said there had been a " gross and terrible breach of patients ' trust " and a " complete failure of leadership " .
He said he was now working on new sets of indicators – including death rates and feedback from patients about the quality of care – to force every hospital in England to concentrate on safety and quality .
The information will be published on the NHS Choices website .
The commission found :
• Patients arriving in A&E were assessed by unqualified receptionists to determine whether they needed urgent attention .
One patient with an open fracture of the elbow had to wait for more than four hours , covered in blood and with no pain relief , because the receptionist failed to give the case priority
• There were too few consultants in A&E to provide on - call cover all day , every day and junior doctors were not adequately supervised
• There were not enough nurses to care for emergency patients .
A review of staffing levels in 2007 /08 found the trust was short 120 nurses , of which 17 were needed in A&E , 30 in the surgical division , and 77 on the medical wards
• Nurses in the emergency assessment unit were not trained to read cardiac monitors and sometimes turned them off .
Patients did not always get the correct medication .
Nurses on the wards were not always able to identify when patients were deteriorating after an operation , for example , by monitoring vital signs
• Call buttons were not always answered when patients were in pain or needed the toilet .
Relatives claimed patients were left , sometimes for hours , in wet or soiled sheets , putting them at increased risk of infection .
Patients at risk of developing pressure sores did not get appropriate care .
In one ward , 55 % of patients were found to have pressure sores when only 10 % had sores on arrival
• Delays in operations were commonplace , especially for trauma patients at weekends .
Sometimes a patient 's operation might be cancelled four days in a row , and they would receive " nil by mouth " for most of the day , four days running
The commission analysed the trust 's board meetings from April 2005 to 2008 .
It found discussions were " dominated by finance , targets and achieving foundation trust status " .
When the infection rate of Clostridium difficile doubled in the early months of 2006 , the information was not released to the board or the public .
In 2006 / 07 the trust set itself a target of saving £ 10 m , equivalent to about 8 % of turnover .
The report said : " To achieve this , over 150 posts were lost , including nurses .
This was in a trust that already had comparatively low levels of staff . "
Mid Staffordshire was awarded foundation status in February 2008 – several months after the commission began investigating standards of care .
Anna Walker , the commission 's chief executive , said she did not know the trust had applied for foundation status until after Monitor , the foundation regulator , decided to award it .
The trust said its board decided on Monday to suspend Martin Yeates , who stepped down as chief executive on 3 March , pending an independent inquiry into his leadership of the trust during the period covered by the commission investigation .
He will remain on full pay until the investigation is concluded .
Toni Brisby resigned as chair of the trust on 3 March .
The Department of Health launched two further investigations last night .
Sir George Alberti , the government 's emergency care tsar , will lead an independent review of the trust 's current A & E services ; and Dr David Colin - Thome , the primary care tsar , will review the standards of care and treatment at the trust during the five years before the commission began its investigation , to determine how the obvious failings were allowed to continue for so long .
Outlook for Friday to Sunday
Friday will be unsettled with heavy rain and strong winds .
Turning somewhat drier for a time on Friday night .
However , further heavy rain and strong winds look like arriving later in the night .
Windy and very wet on Saturday morning but the rain and wind should ease later on .
Staying unsettled and cool into Sunday with further showers or longer spells of rain .
For all the aiding and abetting taking place on behalf of the automobile industry — the transfusions , the transformations , and the TLC — one thing remains constant :
It 's all about the cars .
The quest , as just about everyone sees it , is to figure out how Detroit automakers and their global competitors can build smart , compelling , and reliable vehicles that appeal both to our pragmatism and passions — and do so profitably and more ecologically .
That 's the basic drill , right ?
Well , maybe not .
The near - obsessive focus on building greener vehicles — just about every global auto maker is now in a drag race to create an electric vehicle or plug - in hybrid — obscures the bigger challenge , and the bigger opportunity : to reinvent our personal transportation systems in ways that are better in every way — economically , socially , and environmentally .
Consider :
It 's become dogma in the United States and other developed and developing countries that " Cars give us freedom . "
Entire generations of Americans have been reared on that assumption .
Detroit was built on it .
But cars are a burden :
You have to purchase them , maintain them , fuel them , park them , and insure them .
If you live in a city and lack a garage , the challenges and costs multiply .
They 're expensive and a hassle , and they sit idle 95 percent of the time .
When you actually use them , there 's the challenge of getting around on ever - congested streets and highways .
Not exactly " freedom . "
What gives us freedom is n't cars , but mobility , the ability to go where and when you want in the way that 's most appropriate and affordable for your needs and style .
That 's true at every point on the economic spectrum .
Indeed , in emerging economies , mobility is a prerequisite to sustainability .
When people can move freely from hither to yon , they 're better able to have a job , trade goods , seek an education , obtain health care , perhaps even explore other places to broaden their horizons .
So , why , in the digital age , when just about every product and service is undergoing fundamental change , if not outright reinvention , is our transportation future still rooted in the mode of manufacturing and selling cars , electric or otherwise ?
Why are n't the titans of industry reimagining the larger system in which these vehicles operate ?
As we try to reinvent the auto industry , should n't that be part of the equation ?
Dan Sturges thinks it should be .
" There 's a role for auto companies if they stop focusing on making cars and start thinking about enabling people to move . "
Sturges has taught me a great deal about mobility , a subject about which he 's both extremely knowledgeable and passionate .
A former car designer for General Motors , Sturges now focuses on developing community - improving transportation systems — how to marry an array of personal vehicles with public transit while leveraging the latest in digital telecommunications to create integrated and efficient mobility systems .
As an entrepreneur , Dan led the effort to invent the first mass - produced neighborhood electric vehicle ( NEV ) , the GEM car , now owned by Chrysler .
These days , Sturges is the visionary behind Colorado - based Intrago , a company that makes " size - appropriate transportation options for people to move about local environments . "
( Full disclosure : I 'm on Intrago 's advisory board . )
In Sturges ' world , all the talk about alt - fueled vehicles — whether from the major automakers or any of the dozens of start - ups , from Apterra to Zenn — is necessary , but hardly sufficient , especially if cities are too congested for these vehicles to get around .
That inefficiency is already apparent , he says .
" Here in Denver , we have an average 1.1 people occupancy per vehicle .
That 's a 20 percent load factor .
An airline cannot stay in business a week at a 20 percent load factor . "
And yet , says Sturges , our national conversation on environmentally responsible transportation has us simply transfering all of that inefficiency over to electric vehicles instead of gas - powered ones .
The result is a lot of energy wasted to move all those empty seats .
Moreover , he says , studies have shown that in some cities as many as 40 percent of the vehicles on the streets are driving around looking for parking .
Simply switching to electricity , even from renewable sources , to power all those underutilized vehicles trolling for a place to park wo n't get us very far , in terms of our energy and climate goals .
So , we 'll need not just new types of vehicles , but new types of vehicle systems .
We 're seeing some of this already .
There 's Zipcar , City Car Share , I - Go , and other forms of car sharing and mircorental services , which provide alternatives to car ownership .
In Paris , there 's Véllib , the system of 20,000 rental bikes and 1,500 automated stations — roughly one every 300 meters throughout the city center — which affords members with low - cost bike rentals ( the first half - hour is free ) that can be returned to any station .
In Ulm , Germany , Daimler has launched Car2 Go , a similar system using small NEVs .
As the company describes :
The principle is simple yet brilliant :
Whenever you need a car , you can book ( spontaneously or in advance ) one of 200 car2go that are in Ulm .
With a minimum amount of effort , an almost free choice of return location , and without fixed costs .
That represents modern mobility for us , which improves the quality of life , and sets Ulm in motion .
Vélib , Car2 Go , and the car - sharing services represent parts of the larger system Sturges envisions .
" Once you start to see the congestion issue , then you can have a discussion of how can we reinvent or rethink the way that we move .
And at that point it gets really interesting .
This digital revolution — the thing that 's enabling the car sharing and enabling our iPhones to become hitchhiking tools — is a really exciting new world , where this three - dimensional web is unfolding around us . "
In that three - dimensional web , you might not own a vehicle , but have access on demand to whatever style and size you need — a small NEV for a quick jaunt to the market , a minivan for a family vacation , a slick sedan for a client meeting , a convertible for a nice day , a sturdy pick - up for a trip to Home Depot .
The cars might be delivered to you or be available within reasonable proximity of where you need it .
The rental rate might adjust based on time and convenience :
If you need a vehicle delivered to your door within 30 minutes you 'll pay a higher rate than if you 're more flexible about where and when you get it .
Of course , all of this is as simple as tapping an icon on your smart phone , texting a request , making a call , or showing up at a kiosk .
And it 's not just cars .
In the " smart multimodal transportation future , " as Sturges calls it , there 's a world with a diverse array of transportation choices , from shared electric bikes and scooters to private vehicles of all kinds .
( Intrago , Sturges ' company , offers technology to create such personal vehicle networks . )
" You jump from one mode to the next mode , " he says .
" The future urban traveler we see is more like Tarzan , swinging from vine to vine . "
You already do that when you take an airplane trip :
You drive or take public transit to the airport , fly to another airport , then " swing " to whatever mode of transport is appropriate and affordable to take you wherever you 're going .
In Sturges " Tarzan " world , we'd do that locally , too .
The result :
We 'd get there with less wear and tear on ourselves and the planet , and maybe faster , too .
The thing is , it makes economic sense .
According to AAA ( Download - PDF ) , the typical midsized car costs about $ 23 a day — every day , 365 days a year — when you factor in a gas , maintenance , tires , insurance , license , registration , depreciation , taxes , and finance charges ( assuming driving 15,000 a year ) .
At that rate , your basic two - car garage runs a cool $ 16,500 a year .
Cutting that in half to own just one vehicle can still leave more than enough to afford all the vehicle sharing and mobility services — even taxi rides — that you need .
Of course , there 's a cultural mind shift needed for all this to happen .
What will it take for consumers to give up one of their family cars ?
Could owning fewer cars become a status symbol ?
Could we reach a point where not owning any car is the ultimate in luxury ?
That cultural challenge seems nearly as big as the technological ones .
And can the big guys — the General Motors and Chryslers — play in this new world of transportation services , or will their laser - like focus on selling cars lead them to become dinosaurs , even if they survive their current travails ?
I asked Sturges if the Big Three would be really able to turn the ship toward this new direction .
" There is so much talent in Detroit , " he replied .
" I do n't think you need a new ship .
You 've got all kinds of engineering resources and really bright people .
But they 'll need less of a focus on selling cars , and more of a focus of enabling people to move .
They need to move off the idea that people need one car that can go everywhere and do everything .
But I do n't think you have to throw the whole thing out .
I think you just have to be imaginative . "
CLICK HERE TO RECEIVE AUTOMATIC E-MAIL UPDATES WHENEVER A NEW ARTICLE IS PUBLISHED TO 'TWO STEPS FORWARD '
Mail Chauvinism : The Magicians , the Snark and the Camel Ted Nelson
It may not look it , but much of the action in computers has already ended .
In the next decade they 'll simply stamp out machines like those we already know although with new interconnections , at lower and lower prices with , we hope , better and better software .
But the real action now is in Networks , Protocols , Standards , Standards , Encryption and Databases ; and at least one war of shadows in Washington may determine our freedoms as users and citizens .
And you may have already won !
But eternal vigilance is the price of freedom , so read carefully .
The Snark
In Lewis Carroll 's epic poem , " The Hunting of the Snark " , a party of very dissimilar Victorian gentlemen all go off to catch something called the Snark .
The real catch , however , is that though all think they are after the same thing , each has an utterly different preconception of what a " Snark " must be , an image conjured up from each man 's background and preconceptions .
This allegory will be found suggestive in many branches of the computer field .
At the Electronic Mail and Message Conference , its relevance was particularly striking ,
The Electronic Mail and Message Conference ( hereafter M&M ) was held in Washington on December 11 and 12 , 1980 -- the waning days of the Carter administration .
Sponsored by numerous federal agencies and committees of Congress , and by AFIPS , the computer society of all computer societies , it took place in a huge oak - panelled room in the Sam Rayburn Office Building .
The room was called , by a sign on the door , " Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce . "
The conference began in an atmosphere of excitement and would down from there .
When it began , at 8:00 a.m.
Thursday , the room was tense and crowded , packed with hundreds of people , and the rows of officials ' chairs that stared down at us were mostly full .
But the next morning only half as many came , and only a few were left at the close .
But the beginning started in a crackling atmosphere .
Middle - aged executives looked quizzical , elegantly - dressed young lawyers grinned smugly , nervous reporters looked cowed .
( " What do Electronic Mail and Message System have to do with news ? " pleaded their eyes . )
Almost everybody was well - dressed and had short hair .
Many or most of the technical speakers were bearded , but few of the audience .
There were some exhibits downstairs of on - line systems ( unfortunately not including Arpanet , which was often mentioned ) .
Tasteless lunches were served by listless waiters , though a marvelous open - bar buffet miraculously appeared after the first day .
Mainly the conference was a rapid - fire succession of speakers , tightly paced from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. for two days -- a note - taker 's nightmare .
In the ensuing months I believe I have been able to figure out the major themes and issues , even though the speakers were randomly sequenced and spoke in different tongues .
Rather than tell about the speakers in the order they spoke , requiring you to untangle many separate threads , I will describe as coherent sequences various stories that actually came through to us piecemeal and in random order .
In this article I will try to present the new things I learned and the principal issues , as expressed by some of the strong personalities present .
Several different school of " electronic mail " were present at the M&M Conference , though not all were spoken for from the platform .
Two main views were heard , though there are several more .
One was the idea that electronic mail is in some sense a simple replacement of paper mail , which the Post Office speakers seemed to think .
The other view sees " electronic mail " as just one fact of the coming world of transmissive computing in which a lucky few already live .
The speakers can be divided into several groups .
Outstanding were the three I call " the magicians , " whose presentations of a computer tomorrow went far beyond electronic messages , though electronic messages formed an integral part of their presentations .
Another group , " the packeters , " explained the various conceptual levels of packet communications and packet networks -- the highways , and rules of the road , for this tomorrow .
Another group spoke of dividing the electronic spectrum and when you should buy satellites ; regretfully , I must omit discussing them .
Then came representatives and spokesmen for the U.S. Postal Service , essentially explaining why they felt a need and a right to control electronic mail as they saw it .
And finally , numerous " regulators " -- government lawyers and administrators -- told us about regulating the spectrum ( which I must skip ) and regulating private services and the post office ( which must be covered ) .
A surprising political issue surfaced at the conference : the role demanded by the U.S. Postal Service in a new world they claim to understand but may not .
What the Postal Service wants to do might narrow and restrict what you can do in the future with your computer .
At present there is a compromise , but these political issues may resurface at any time .
The lines appear to be tightly drawn .
On the second afternoon a lady in the audience told me she was the only remaining attendee from the Postal Service -- the other three had left .
Representative Rose
In a way the first luncheon speaker and his enthusiasm perfectly embodied the ideas and controversy of the conference .
This was Representative Charles Rose ( D. , N.C. [ that 's Democrat , North Carolina for our international friends -- Joey ] , who wore a strinking plaid jacket .
He heads the Policy Group on Information and Computers of the Committee on House Administration of the House of representatives , and is chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Dairy and Poultry .
A computer enthusiast , Rep . Rose was introduced as having a " split screen bulletin board . "
Congress , he told us , has budgeted for an " informational terminal " for every member of Congress .
The two approved brands are Hazeltine and TI .
A portable is given out only if the member signs a paper " agreeing to be trained in its use . "
Freshmen congresspersons have found this very appealing .
Rep .
Rose told us that at the next Congressional seating , the House would get a full view of electronic mail -- now that " Old Stonehead , " whose name I did not catch , was retiring from some post or another .
Many letters pass between congressmen , he told us , particularly " Dear Colleague " letters about their individual concerns . , that go out to all fellow members .
A representative reads the ones from certain people and not others , he explained , and he would like to be able to automate this -- including the screening out of the unwanted material .
He is also interested in forms of teleconferencing for members ; he would like to " create an electronic place where we can meet as friends in private . "
But he was concerned for the use of these new media back in the districts .
" I want Granny at home , with her video text to be able to use this too . "
And he would like to see public - access write - your - congressman terminals .
Unexpectedly , Rep .
Rose spoke on what would be the political issue of the conference .
" The U.S. Congressman has many friends , " he intoned , " and one of these if the U.S. Postal Service . "
And so , he explained simply , he wants Electronic Mail to be beneficial to the Post Office .
We will return to this point later .
The Wizards
During the opening remarks , Bob Taylor sat and listened like a college president : his gaze one of Olympian calm and warmth ; musing , sympathetic , but impassive .
He looks still in his thirties , but can't be ; since he was head of Arpa / Ipt over a decade ago [ remember , this event took place in December 1980 -- Joey ] .
Taylor is the manager of the Computer Science Laboratory of Xerox PARC .
The people there do the most powerful and exciting things in the whole computer community , and he is their shepherd .
It is rather like a shepherd fondly inspecting a bleating flock that he addresses us .
Taylor takes a poll of the group .
Half the audience had used " electronic nets " ( whatever they mean by that ) ; but only a third had written a program .
( This suggests that half scarcely knew what a computer was . )
Onward nevertheless .
Taylor explains that one of the special features of electronic messages is that they are read at the receiver 's convenience , waiting somewhere till he is ready .
And that since they are really brought to us by and through computers , message systems are " software - intensive " , requiring programming development on a grand scale .
He rolls the videotape .
On screen we see Taylor at his Alto , the famous PARC hot minicomputer with the finely detailed screen .
We see the screen divided into many fields , which part like the REd Sea as Taylor on the screen points first at one thing , then another .
A prompt tells him that messages are waiting ; he reads them , replies , acts , discards , causing various rearrangements of the screen with offhand magical passes of the hand .
One note we see him read on the screen causes him to change a schedule ; another he tells , effectively , " Go file yourself . "
One note he sends electronically to several other people , selecting them by flicking their names from a list that appears .
Taylor explains this as he goes .
" My message system is more than a message system , " he understates .
Fields of text rearrange themselves on the screen , compress , expand .
Sometimes the moving cursor is a box , sometimes an hourglass , sometimes something else .
So quickly and effortlessly do the messages come and go on Taylor 's Alto screen , you hardly realize that the work you see him doing would be a storm of activity if he were shuffling actual paper .
( The audience is studious but impassive .
I get the feeling that only a few understand what they see -- those who already know about it -- but the rest of the audience does n't know what it 's about and can't tell . )
These messages we see the videotaped Taylor working with are not mere telegrams that go from one person to another and stop .
Rather , he may search and scan through them , alter them , pass them on , or reply , with a flick of the wrist ; they roll and fly before his face like the cards of a riverboat gambler .
Some of the involve graphics and color and audio .
" If you think about these as systems for moving strings of characters , you miss the point of their power , " he says .
The phrase " Office of the Future " has been bruited about a great deal in Xerox publicity , as in " we 're developing the Office of the Future at Xerox PARC , " but of course who can agree on what that means ?
Yet here it is in front of us : the paper trivia - flows of the office are calmly controlled on the Flatland of the screen .
I do n't know what the paperwallopers at Xerox Corporate think of the Office of the Future may be , but I 'll gladly settle for this one .
What we see Taylor working with is still in fact a world of documents , separate , potentially printable on paper .
But here is the kicker .
Less than 1 % of the electronic messages at PARC , he tells us , are printed out .
Wizard Two is Michael Dertouzous of MIT .
he heads what used to be called Project MAC , where time - sharing began ; now it has 300 employees and a more boring name , the Laboratory for Computer Science .
He is tall , dashing , accented , ought to wear a cape .
As computer prices go down 30 % a year , he says , hidden computers will proliferate everywhere , just like the " hidden motors " that we know as hair dryers and such .
He shows us screen - views of his own personal files : a schedule ( which becomes a history file as it slides through the present ) , his list of associates and acquaintances ( cross - filed by name and city , so he can fill his travels with companionship ) , his checkbook ( which automatically categorizes everything ) .
And he shows us how message systems of the future might let us go shopping .
Suppose he wants a certain kind of wallet .
His computer now makes inquiries at various shopping data banks , looking for wallets of the right size and color , and makes notes on which ones come closest to the desired configuration .
Wizard
Three gives us a conceptual framework for thinking about this world .
He is J. C. R. Licklider , called Lick by everybody .
Warm and cheery , Lick is a founder of time - sharing , past director of MAC and Arpa pioneer .
( Starting up the computer work at Arpa , he financed Ian Sutherland 's Sketchpad . )
One of the greats .
Licklider foresees a world where " all intellectual functions are well supported by computers . "
( Right now , we have " access to gigabits through punybaud , " but that will change . )
Licklider 's messages and examples on the screen now involve fill - ins and subroutines and modeling .
He shows how he can program his computer to make dinner arrangements when he goes to a certain city : if the first person invited can't have dinner , his computer scans the list of his other friends in the same city and issues dinner invitations to them .
All this in a simple conditional language .
But rather than talk about " computers , " whose actual whereabouts and boundaries become indeterminate in this sort of a coming world , Lick prefers to talk about " agents " or " assistants , " things you set up to do things for you .
( Lick also likes to call them Olivers , after Oliver Selfridge , who came up with the idea around 1966 . )
Agents will handle " augmented telephone calls , " stacking the calls and pushing them through automatically .
Agents will pay your bill , checking them against the appropriate invoices in standard electronic forms .
They will sniff out information a friend may have set out : his birthday , gift preferences and sizes , party invitations , information he would like from whoever knows it .
Agents will not merely receive messages ; they will react to them , sending out new feelers , and requests to other computers and agents .
Messages , forking and thrusting through a forest of computers and agents , will inquire , update and reply , often waiting for interactive responses .
Messages will independently link to animated diagrams and status displays , keeping them current .
Subprograms call each other in ternally all the time , says Lick ; soon they 'll be doing it ex ternally , sometimes in parallel , sometimes queuing .
So the interchange of " messages " becomes something larger , a crossfire of interacting events .
But now you see this messaging is something else .
It is not postcards or telegrams , it is not document handling .
In its back - and - forthing it is more like the telephone than the telegraph .
It is a new form of closely responsive session , a chain - reaction system of intercommunication among -- what ?
Agents .
Places .
Databases .
Programs , texts , indications , semaphores .
It is a pool - table model , like a gunbattle , like atomic nuclei near critical mass : the event - shower - interchange session .
A shower of sparks .
The Camel
Across this landscape of cheery electronic possibilities there came , but not so very long ago , an interesting intruder : the United States Postal Service .
You have heard of camels .
You have undoubtedly also heard the expression , " When the camel gets its nose inside the tent , the rest will follow , " or some exotic equivalent , intended to convey the idea that the rest of a camel cannot be far behind its intruding tip , and all of the camel will soon be within any environment it penetrates .
Now before this parable can be fully explained , and we can get back to the conference , it is necessary to fill in some facts and history .
By law , the Post Office has monopoly power over delivered things .
You cannot , for instance , open a delivery service between cities except under certain specific , narrow conditions .
( And symbolically , you must have U.S. stamps on the parcel your service brings . )
This is the infamous " delivery monopoly . "
At least one M&M speaker , Lloyd Johnson , spoke as though there were a danger that the post office might attempt to extend this monopoly to all electronic messages .
This also seemed to be the position presented by Jaquish of the Postal Service , who spoke as if the Postal Service had a natural right that extended into this new realm .
In 1978 the Post Office proposed to open a new service , called E - COM ( Electronic Computer Originated Mail ; the hyphen is something of a mystery ) .
Now , the Post Office cannout just do anything it wants .
It must get permission from the Postal Rate Commission , making formal proposals for new services .
The Post Office proposed in 1978 to connect very large mail - senders -- those sending thousands of pieces a year -- to a centralized computer system .
( This would be Western Union 's facility in Middletown , VA . )
In this original proposal , a large variety of inputs would bring messages to the Western Union computer .
Bills and form letters would be repetitively copied , electronically , with appropriate names , amounts and other fill - ins , ; then these finished telegraphic communiquŽs would be sent electronically to 25 major " serving offices , " where their contents would be printed out , stuffed in envelopes and delivered with the regular mail .
The proposal has several problems .
One was technical ghastliness : tapes being carried across separate computers , for instance .
Another was high cost ( 30 to 60 cents a letter ) .
Then came some deeper problems : in selling electronic transmission services , the Post Office would be competing with several common carriers .
This further threatened a monopoly fight related to the Post Office 's monopoly prerogative of delivery , threatening ( at worst ) that whatever electronic mail might become would only be what the Post Office allowed it to become .
And finally and darkly , archival copies of tapes were to be kept .
This proposal was brought before Albert Vezza , MIT Professor and one of the architects of the Arpanet .
He proposed a rather straightforward alternative : no centralized facility , and the use of common carriers -- available electronic nets -- between the serving post offices , where the printing and the stuffing and delivery would occur .
This was simpler .
It did not compete with common carriers , but used them .
And it cost about ten times less per piece .
The two alternatives -- the original one and Vezza's -- were brought before the Postal Rate Commission , which decides these things .
There was a bitter fight .
The PRC 's decision : " implement the Vezza alternative . "
The Post Office fought this decision in the courts , but had to give in .
Finally it was accepted by the Post Office board of governors , but they then turned around and filed a lawsuit against the Postal rate Commission to make the new arrangement permanent before it had even tried -- that very arrangement they had just been fighting .
The new system will supposedly be implemented in 1982 .
( As of this writing , the Post Office has accepted a proposal from RCA , but its contents have not yet become available . )
One leading and mischievous feature was added to the Vezza alternative in the ECOM system that was finally approved .
This was an input link direct to the serving post offices .
However , since the Postal Service was explicitly forbidden to provide end - to - end service ( " generation three " ) , information received in this fashion is to be put on magnetic tape and sent by express mail to receiving post offices .
( It is as though this step were undertaken explicitly to be inefficient , and cry out for the electronic completion that is not now allowed .
A cynic might say the feature was put there as a festering inconvenience , crying out for proper electronic consummation and thus challenging the present compromise . )
This was essentially the view of Henry Geller ( see " The Regulators " ) -- that the Post Office will be continually maneuvering to add electronic services until it has " the whole thing , " a monopoly of delivery to your own terminal .
With ECOM , " The camel 's nose is under the tent , " says Geller .
What is anticipated in these early stages , since only high - volume mailers may play the game , are corporate mass mailings such as dunning letters , product recalls , bills and special advertising .
A special advantage of ECOM is its ability to put special Text Insert Messages ( TIMs ) into COmmon Text ( COT ) , adding all the John Smiths to supposedly personal messages .
It seems this would save considerable in - house effort along the same lines for major mailers .
The Conference Again
Now here we are at the conference again , and we will hear some spokesmen from the Post Office .
First comes the head of R&D for the Post Office , Paul Jaquish .
He is slow - spoken , balding , somewhat angry - seeming ; his title is Senior Assistant Postmaster General , Research and Technology Group of the U.S. Postal Service .
He comes on as the heavy with a belligerent and defiant manner .
Here is what I got down .
" We must control service . "
" We can not allow our resources to be spirited away . "
And finally :
" We have a legislative mandate and a financial requirement . "
Well , at least it 's up front .
But what did it mean ?
Was he talking only about delivery on foot ?
Or is he telling us their electronic must eventually be the only ones that make messages available to our personal computers ?
It certainly sounded to me as though Jaquish said , essentially : " Whatever this is , it belongs to us . "
When it came time for questions , I tried to ask the question that was burning on my mind , but it took too long .
I said something like : " The format of this conference suggests a premature delineation of ' mail and message ' systems , arbitrarily cutting them away from teleconferencing , data bases , highly interactive environments , electronic publishing and archiving .
Could you comment ? "
Jaquish 's one - syllable answer got a big laugh , and we broke for the first lunch .
The next day we heard Vincent Sombrotto , president of the National Association of Letter Carriers and its 233,000 members .
That 's right , a quarter of a million .
Sombrotto was fiftyish , with white hair and a ruddy complexion .
The former president of the New York branch of the union , he had a Jimmy Durante Brooklyn accent and just about as much charm .
Everyone seemed to find him unexpectedly likeable .
Sombrotto addressed himself , naturally , to the question of what should be the role of postal personnel in electronic mail .
I got down just three quotes .
" It 's da most efficient postal soivice in da woild . "
" If da wave of da future is electronic transmission of mail , den it only makes sense to use da most efficient awganization in da woild . "
" If dis seems self - soiving ( cheery grin ) , dat 's exactly what it 's meant to do . "
A Remarkable View
The most astonishing presentation was certainly that of Charles Joyce .
Formerly Directory of Information Technology and Policy at the Mitre Corporation , and now consulting to the Post Office .
He is a member with a somewhat smug air and rather remarkable views .
Mr. Joyce had made a study of the " existing mainstream , " that is , the things the Post Office delivers now .
The question they tried to answer was what kinds of mail would be directly replaced electronically , or " diverted , " according to this way of thinking .
The projections appear to hold approximately constant the number of messages per capita .
The figures we saw foresee a slow drop in conventional mail as " generation two " and " generation three " get off the ground .
And Joyce announces confidently : " You 're not going to see books and newspapers transmitted in the next twenty years . "
What makes him think the number of messages will stay the same ?
" We did not include the stimulation factor , " he said .
Now this is most interesting : it assumes that each electronic message replaces a sheet of paper folded in an envelope or some other enclosed packet of markings on cellulose .
And it assumes a very constant universe .
( Projections are often presented for varying sets of assumptions , none yet know to be true .
No such fiddle - faddle here . )
Mr. Joyce 's remarks were later commented on by Einar Stefferud , a consultant attending the conference .
" He was n't considering the nature of the change of behavior .
We are n't going to mail catalogs anymore , there 'll be query traffic . "
Stefferud continued , " this rests on the assumption that electronic mail would be anaologs or marginal equivalents of record traffic , but did not take into consideration he network transactions of Licklider 's model -- if you believe in networks . "
Only time will tell , of course , but any observer would be reminded here of the projection made in 1947 that half a dozen of that day 's computers ( each with the about the power of an Apple ) would satisfy the United States for the foreseeable future .
Or consider the market research of the Haloid corporation , whose investigators repreatedly reported that the copying machine Haloid was working on would only sell a few dozen before exhausting all the demand in the United States .
( When the copier was finally introduced , Haloid changed its name to Xerox . )
The Friday lunch speaker was Lloyd Johnson , a poised and impressive individual and staff director of the House of Representatives ' Subcommittee on Postal Operations and Services .
He sounded a less enthusiastic note for the Post Office than had Rep. Rose .
One of Johnson 's first remarks was that everyone was proceeding from different assumptions , perhaps the best point made at the conference .
He then went on to outline the history of the Post Office 's maneuverings to institute electronic mail service , based on the notion that growing use of electronic messaging constituted " first - class mail diversion , " as though someone were taking away what rightfully belonged to the Post Office , like the ballpoint pens on chains .
Hair - raising estimates from various sources project staggering amounts of electronic communication .
One commentator estimated that 220 million people would be sent ten items a day each averaging 30 K bits per item .
( Have you a better guess ? )
Vezza 's earlier Congressional testimony had foreseen between 230 million and five billion electronic messages in 1983 , which would already be as much as ten percent of the mail !
Other consultants foresaw twelve and a half billion pieces " diverted " in 1990 , twenty - six billion in 2000 .
So whatever it is , it 's important .
And it is not surprising that the postal workers are agitating for a piece of this action , which Johnson called " turfmanship , " even though the General Accounting Office has estimated that " any loss " to the P.O. could be covered by attrition .
HUMPH : A Concluding Editorial Opinion
Some of the finest minds of our time are trying to build a new world of interactive communication and instantaneous availability of information , pictures , ideas , models , worlds .
Meanwhile , the Post Office has come to assume , in some innocence , that electronic message services are directly related to , and in competition with , what they already do -- the " same thing " as letters on paper .
This " turfmanship , " as Lloyd Johnson called it , is strongly reminiscent of the typesetting - union problems faced by newspapers in the sixties , when the typesetters imagined that " new jobs " would be created in electronic typesetting to which they had a natural right -- even though the actual new jobs involved computer programming , and were being carried out by vendors elsewhere .
What is going to happen is something different .
There still exists the faint possibility that the Post Office might actually force a monopoly of its services in these new areas , based by some miraculous extension of law on its existing monopoly .
The possibility is slight , because competitors would not stand for it and customers would not stand for it -- besides which , of course , the is the Reagan administration 's stand against government services in general .
But most important , the Postal Rate Commission has in its wisdom given the Post Office that fraction of electronic communication which can be stuffed in an envelope .
However , that does not necessarily end the threat .
The warnings of Henry Geller , for instance , centered on the difficulty of a mixed economy where the Post Office offered electronic services in competition with private vendors .
I see a different sort of threat : that the Postal Service might make electronic mail become what they think it is .
And this could cripple us all for the indefinite future .
At a point so early in the development of such services , it is astonishing that the Postal Service is already petitioning to make ECOM permanent .
What if permanence had been legislated for the Ford Trimotor , the Eniac computer and the SOAP language ?
But it is in the further services the Post Office might offer -- currently forbidden -- that the danger lies .
Even if they get no monopoly , by offering new services they have the power to structure an industry .
If the Post Office can , with flexibility , participate with this with as much foresight as those whose vision is driving it , then their participation will do no harm .
But if Post Office participation means low - grade visions are to be foisted on the public , simplified and degraded forms of transmission that cripple the kind of interaction we are trying to create , the maneuverings are to be viewed with the greatest alarm by those who care about the world of tomorrow .
Oversimplification and inflexibility could greatly reduce the imagination and power of tomorrow 's evolving services .
Let us hope the Post Office can find the wisdom to expand its understandings , and make an orderly contribution to the structure of our new life of the future , rather than a narrow , monopolistic impediment to the world some of us are trying to create .
Epilog
In " The Hunting of the Snark , " the quarry all were seeking out turned out to be that most horrible of beasts , the Boojum .
If the finest of visions are not shared as widely and clearly as possible , what Boojum may we not find ?
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Oscar Reynoso owed his bosses $ 300,000 , and he was running out of time .
One anti-drug operation in Atlanta netted $ 10.6 million , 108 kilos of cocaine , 17 pounds of meth and 32 weapons .
Gunmen snatched Reynoso and locked him in the basement of a home to try to settle the drug debt .
He was chained to a wall of the basement by his hands and ankles , gagged and beaten .
His captors , members of a powerful Mexican drug cartel , held Reynoso for ransom , chained in the sweltering , dirty basement for six days without food .
Reynoso 's ordeal could 've been a scene from the drug war in Mexico .
But it played out recently in suburban Atlanta , Georgia .
U.S. federal agents are fighting to keep that kind of violence from gripping Atlanta , as the city known for Coca - Cola and Delta Air Lines has become a major distribution hub for Mexican drug cartels .
In fiscal year 2008 , authorities confiscated about $ 70 million in drug- related cash in Atlanta , more than anywhere else in the United States , the Drug Enforcement Administration says .
This fiscal year , Atlanta continues to outpace all other U.S. regions in such seizures , with $ 30 million confiscated so far .
Next are Los Angeles , California , with about $ 19 million , and Chicago , Illinois , with $ 18 million .
" There is definitely a center of this type of drug activity here , and we are working to make sure the violence does not spill out to the general public , " Atlanta U.S. Attorney David Nahmias said .
Atlanta has become a stopping point for truckloads of Mexican cocaine , heroin , marijuana and methamphetamine , agents say .
The drugs are held in stash houses before being distributed up the East Coast .
" The money comes down here also to money managers in Atlanta , who get the books in order before it is sent out , " said Rodney Benson , Atlanta 's chief of the DEA .
Agents attribute the growth in drug trafficking to Atlanta 's location , proximity to other major cities and access to major highways .
Authorities also point to the growth of the Hispanic population in Atlanta , which allows practitioners of the Mexican drug trade to blend in among hard - working , law - abiding Hispanics .
No place is that more evident than in Gwinnett County , a community about 20 miles north of Atlanta .
Gwinnett 's Hispanic population rocketed from 8,470 in 1990 to 63,727 in 2000 , according to the U.S. Census .
By 2010 , 20 percent of the county 's projected population of 700,000 is expected to be Hispanic .
" In Gwinnett County , the drug dealers are able to hide in plain sight , " county District Attorney Danny Porter said .
" To combat this , we have to be much more coordinated between my office , the police department and the federal authorities .
The presence of the organizations is a dilemma enough that we have to develop new tactics . "
Federal agents say arrests and drug- related violence in Atlanta have been linked to the two most powerful Mexican organizations : the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels .
A battle over drug routes has been blamed for the recent surge in violence in Mexican border towns , bloodshed that has included hundreds of deaths .
The fear is that the battle will extend deeper into the United States , causing more to suffer a fate similar to Reynoso 's ordeal in the Gwinnett County basement .
Lucky for Reynoso , federal agents had a wiretap on his captors ' phones .
Agents stormed the home just as it appeared that the debt would not be paid and Reynoso would be killed .
" There is no doubt in my mind that we saved his life that day , " said the DEA 's Benson .
One case resolved , as cartels thrive in Atlanta .
All About Atlanta • Drug Trafficking • Sinaloa Cartel • Gulf Cartel • U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration
Download | Order Now !
TuneClone M4P
Converter is a very easy to use software that converts iTunes M4P , WMA music files to plain MP3 , easy to install , and easy to use via a simple user interface .
It is available for the Windows and Mac OS X platforms .
How to remove iTunes DRM on Windows and Mac OS X ?
Part 3 . Remove iTunes DRM on Mac with iMovie
In the iMovie window , select the ' Media ' tab located between ' Themes ' and ' Editing ' .
You will notice that the top right portion of the interface now offers a media browser .
Select the ' Audio ' tab and locate the playlist which contains purchased music , or search by artist / title .
Select the DRM - laden song and drag the file from the media browser into the iMovie timeline where it says " Drag audio here to build your project . "
In order to export the song , iMovie requires that a visual image be associated with the audio track - iMovie thinks that it is going to be exporting a movie .
Simply drag a blank image ( or any other image ) to the track above the previously imported audio file .
Once iMovie has processed the image , select the ' Share … ' sub menu item from found inside ' Share ' in iMovie 's menu bar .
Ensure that ' Expert Settings ' is selected in the " Compress movie for : " drop - down menu .
Selecting ' Expert Settings ' mode will provide the options to export the file as an audio file .
Select the ' Share ' button .
In the Save as… dialogue , select " Sound to AIFF " in the Export drop - down menu , Choose an appropriate directory for iMovie to export to , title the file , and select ' Save ' .
Depending on your machine configuration , iMovie will compress and export the movie project as an audio file in 15 - 40 seconds .
Locate the exported AIFF audio file and drag to your iTunes Library .
Right - click on the file and select " Convert Selection to AAC " .
Once completed , ' Get Info ' on the new file , edit meta data , add album art , and trash the originally purchased and AIFF audio files from your iTunes library .
Part 4 . Remove iTunes DRM on Mac with FairGame
FairGame is freeware to remove DRM protection from iTunes music on Mac OS X .
It will convert the DRMed songs you bought on the iTunes Store to an unprotected format ( using iTunes default encoder ) and keep all the original metadata , lyrics and artwork .
FairGame does n't do lossless DRM stripping .
It re-encodes protected AAC files purchased in iTMS into unprotected AAC file using Apple 's iMovie software .
What you MUST DO ( only once ) to get FairGame to work :
Enable " Access for assistive devices " in the " Universal Access " system preference
Select " Place clip in Movie Timeline " in the " Import " preference of iMovie HD
Then you can simply : Select some songs in iTunes
Click on the " Process songs " button
Do n't touch anything and wait until it 's done ... ( FairGame is scripting iMovie 's interface to process the songs , do n't interfere )
For more TuneClone tutorials , please go to http://www.tuneclone.com/guide.php.
<
Back to top
Advertisement
Windows only : Free application Skype Call Recorder creates MP3s of any Skype conversation with a couple of simple clicks .
We 've covered a few different tools and methods in the past for recording conversations using the popular VoIP service , but Skype Call Recorder is probably the most simple option we 've seen .
Install the app , run it , and hit record whenever you want to capture a conversation .
Advertisement
The app offers a few simple recording settings ( mono or stereo and custom bitrates ) , but there 's very little else to fiddle with — which is a strength .
Skype Call Recorder is a free download , requires .
NET 2.0 .
Skype Call Recorder [ via Download Squad ]
Kepler will measure the minuscule changes in stars ' overall brightness when planets pass across their face Nasa
The most extensive search for Earth - like planets that could harbour life beyond the solar system is due to get under way in the early hours of tomorrow morning with the launch of a one - tonne spacecraft from Cape Canaveral in Florida .
The Kepler probe is the first Nasa mission capable of finding habitable planets like our own in faraway regions of the galaxy .
If all goes to plan , the probe will be blasted into space at 03.48 GMT on Saturday atop a Delta - 2 rocket , which will put the spacecraft into a solar orbit that lags behind the Earth as it circles the Sun .
From this vantage point , the spacecraft will spend three - and - a - half years gazing at a star - rich region of the Milky Way in the hope of spotting planets like our own that are in their solar systems '
" Goldilocks zone " , or just the right distance from their suns for liquid water to exist .
To find life as we know it , Nasa 's mantra is " follow the water " .
A major task for the mission is to find out how many Earth - like planets there are beyond our own solar system , a question that has profound significance for the likelihood of life elsewhere .
" Finding that most stars have Earths implies that the conditions that support the development of life could be common throughout our galaxy , " said William Borucki , Kepler 's chief scientist at Nasa 's Ames Research Center in California .
" Finding few or no Earths indicates that we might be alone . "
Mission scientists will use Kepler 's 95 megapixel digital camera to survey the brightness of 100,000 stars in the constellations of Cygnus and Lyra every half an hour .
Planets will reveal themselves as almost imperceptible reductions in brightness as they move across the faces of their stars .
" If Kepler were to look down at a small town on Earth at night from space , it would be able to detect the dimming of a porch light as somebody passed in front , " said James Fanson , project manager at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California .
By watching for long enough , Kepler should be able to spot planets that take a year or longer to orbit their star .
Most of the stars in the camera 's field of view , which is as wide as two outstretched hands , are hundreds or thousands of light years from Earth .
Since before the days of Isaac Newton astronomers have speculated about planets in far - off solar systems , but the first confirmed sighting came only in the late 1980s .
Since then more than 340 " exoplanets " have been discovered .
The majority are what astronomers call " hot Jupiters " : gas giants that orbit so close to their stars it only takes them a few days to complete an orbit .
Earlier this year , the French space agency 's Corot spacecraft spotted the smallest exoplanet yet , in orbit around a star in the constellation Monoceros , 390 light years away .
The planet , which is nearly twice the size of Earth , orbits so close to its parent star , temperatures on its molten surface are thought to approach 1500C .
" There 's a very raw instinct to want to know if there are worlds like ours out there .
It leads us to question are we alone , are there other forms of life out there , forms we might recognise as akin to our own civilised form of life ?
But it goes way beyond that .
As scientists we 're always trying to explore uncharted areas and we have n't been able to find planets like ours outside the Solar System , so this is a new frontier to explore , " said Suzanne Aigrain , an astrophysicist at Exeter University in the UK who works on Corot .
Alan Boss , a member of the Kepler team and an astronomer at the Carnegie Institute in Washington DC , said last month there could be as many habitable , Earth - like planets in the Milky Way as there are Sun - like stars – around 100 billion .
In the observable universe , there might be 10 billion trillion planets like ours .
In other words , a one followed by 22 zeroes .
The Kepler scientists still have some formidable challenges ahead if they are to confirm there are Earth - like planets out there .
For a claim to be taken seriously , they will have to work out the masses of any planets they find , and that can not be done using the Kepler probe alone .
Traditionally , scientists work out a planet 's mass using a ground - based telescope to measure how much its star wobbles as the planet goes around it .
But Earth - sized planets exert such a tiny tug on their parent stars , the Kepler team will would need to spot shifts in a star 's movement of less than one metre per second .
The most sensitive equipment for doing this is strapped to a telescope at the La Silla observatory in Chile , but this instrument cannot survey the starfield Kepler will be looking at .
The Kepler team is now hoping to get a replica device built onto the William Herschel telescope in La Palma in the Canary Islands , which would help them to measure the mass of any planets that the spacecraft detects .
Though the Kepler mission should reveal Earth - sized planets in habitable orbits around stars , it will not be able to tell us if they are home to alien life .
For that , we will have to wait for future missions that can analyse the atmospheres of the alien worlds Kepler finds .
early 15 c. , " a composition , a chronicle , the entire text of a writing , " from Latin contextus " a joining together , " originally past participle of contexere " to weave together , " from assimilated form of com " with , together " ( see con - ) + texere " to weave , to make " ( from PIE root * teks - " to weave , " also " to fabricate " ) .
Meaning " the parts of a writing or discourse which precede or follow , and are directly connected with , some other part referred to or quoted " is from 1560s .
DUBLIN --
This is how bad Ireland 's economic crisis has gotten : Guinness is having second thoughts about putting a new brewery here .
In better times , a taste for the premium - priced malty stout was an emblem of newfound prosperity for emerging countries around the globe .
Such was the demand that in May , Diageo PLC , Guinness 's parent , said it would spend nearly $ 1 billion to build a " superbrewery " in a Dublin suburb .
Times ...
Coal Power : Now With Chocolatey Goodness ?
March 4th , 2009 by Dave Tyler
Yes , chocolate is oh - so tasty and good .
And we ’ve heard that there may be health benefits to consuming the stuff in doses .
You can power a truck with it .
You can even promote peace with it .
But can a byproduct from the process actually help coal burn cleaner ?
Lindt USA and a New Hampshire utility are running tests to find out , the Associated Press reports .
The chocolate maker and Public Service of New Hampshire mixed cocoa bean shells with coal Tuesday at the utility ’s Schiller Station plant in Portsmouth to see how the mixture burned .
The test used 18 tons of shells , in a ratio of 33 parts coal to one part cocoa .
The goal , Lindt and the utility said , is to see if the mixture produces a cleaner burn than just coal .
“ We ’re hoping for no change or less in the emissions , so it will be win - win situation for everyone , ” Felicia Giordano , senior environmental coordinator for Schiller , told Seacoast Online .
“ In this day and age this is a step in the right direction for a cleaner future for New Hampshire . ”
In 2010 , Lindt , based in nearby Stratham , will open a bean roasting plant .
The chocolate maker could wind up shipping shells to the coal plant on a regular basis .
It would be the first arrangement of its kind in the U.S. , officials said .
Of course it remains to be seen just how much cleaner the mixture burns .
Consultants spent the day testing emissions and it ’s not immediately clear when results will be available .
But the mixture is still 33 parts coal to one part shells , so it ’s hard to imagine results will be too radically different .
And after all , we ’re still talking about burning coal .
You can cover the coal in a scrumptious chocolate shell , but it ’s still coal .
Photo Credit : ccho’s flickr stream , under a Creative Commons License .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
TV and movie writer - director Joss Whedon wants to change the way Hollywood does business .
While Whedon works inside the studio system on major projects , he also hopes to blaze a trail on the Internet for creating and monetizing independently produced content .
In doing so , he is confronting what he terms the “ homogenized , globalized , monopolized entertainment system . ”
One of Whedon ’s recent projects is “ Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog , ” an online musical comedy starring Neil Patrick Harris , Nathan Fillion and Felicia Day , written by Whedon , his brothers Zack and Jed , and Jed ’s fiancée Maurissa Tancharoen .
Conceived during the 100 day Writers Guild of America strike in late 2007 and early 2008 , “ Dr. Horrible ” was , in part , intended as an experiment to explore options for creative content .
The subject of revenues for online content was a timely one , since a major point of contention that spurred the strike involved payment to writers for content distributed online .
“ Dr. Horrible ” was released on the web in three parts last July , and Whedon ’s plan was to remove the free online versions and sell all three episodes as video downloads through Apple ’s iTunes Store .
A week after the series moved to iTunes , it reappeared online on advertising - based sites such as Hulu , a joint venture of NBC Universal and News Corp .
In December , a DVD version became available on Amazon.com .
With these various distribution channels ( and the lack of a traditional advertising budget ) , “ Dr. Horrible ” serves as something of a case study for marketing independently produced content .
Joseph Hill ( “ Joss ” ) Whedon is a third - generation television writer .
His grandfather , John Whedon , wrote episodes of such late 1950s and 1960s staples as “ Leave It to Beaver , ” “ The Donna Read Show ” and “ The Andy Griffith Show . ”
His father , Tom Whedon , wrote installments of “ Alice , ” “ Benson ” and “ The Golden Girls . ”
As Whedon said to Knowledge@Wharton , “ I was raised by a tribe of funny people . ”
After graduating from Wesleyan University with a degree in film studies , Whedon moved to Los Angeles and found early work writing for television programs such as “ Roseanne ” and editing scripts for feature films .
His screenplay for Buffy the Vampire Slayer achieved modest success and Whedon received an Academy Award nomination for his screenplay work on Toy Story .
Whedon ’s science fiction series “ Firefly , ” produced for Fox television , debuted in 2002 .
But he tussled with Fox over aspects of “ Firefly ” :
The network insisted on a new pilot episode and aired several episodes out of sequence .
The show was cancelled after 11 of its 14 episodes aired , and Whedon and Fox parted ways .
Whedon told Knowledge@Wharton that he was “ heartbroken ” by the show ’s demise .
Driven by his desire to keep the characters alive — and brisk DVD sales of the original series —
Whedon wrote and directed Serenity for Universal Studios , a feature film based on the “ Firefly ” characters and storyline .
Despite the contentious issues with Fox over the network ’s handling of “ Firefly , ” Whedon ’s next television series , “ Dollhouse , ” a science - fiction thriller starring Eliza Dushku , debuts on Fox television on February 13 .
Knowledge@Wharton recently spoke with the 45 - year - old Whedon about the lessons learned from “ Dr. Horrible ” and what he believes needs to happen for the Internet to serve as a platform that can sustain original creative content .
An edited version of that conversation follows .
Knowledge@Wharton :
To what extent was the original impetus behind “ Dr. Horrible ” to serve as an experiment for how web - based content can generate revenue ?
Whedon :
It was equal parts that and the love of the silly .
The concept originated as an audio podcast that I would do myself because I was hungry to write some songs and I liked the idea of the character .
And then the Writer ’s Guild went on strike .
I tried to make some deals with Silicon Valley companies and song studios to create jobs and put out product .
But it took so long trying to make a deal with these companies up north , that I missed my window .
So I said , “ I ’ll just do it myself — if that ’s okay with my wife . ”
And because I could not afford to do a huge , lavish production we did it with a ton of favors .
We were , at the time , very much in the spirit of the strike .
By the time we finished writing [ “ Dr. Horrible ” ] and had everyone lined up , the strike was over and we all had shows to scramble to do .
But we found a window to shoot it .
It became us goofing around and just having a great time making a piece of art that we all enjoyed .
Once we finished … it was equal parts ethos and capricious glee .
We said we were going to roll it out for free and then put it on iTunes .
We just steamrolled past everybody ’s idea of how you market and of how long it takes to do these things .
We had people [ drawing up ] contracts in days that usually take months , because we were tired of people sitting around .
Ultimately , though , we were still in the mind of :
This is a bit of a lark .
The strike was over and so we wanted to do right by everybody , but we were n’t thinking it would be a grand statement .
We thought it was going to be cool .
Knowledge@Wharton : Several numbers have been quoted regarding the overall cost of “ Dr. Horrible ” — “ low six - figures ” ; “ around $ 200,000 ” — can you set the record straight ?
Whedon :
We got so much of this done through people doing us favors — department heads and people who have access to things .
But you ’ve got to pay your day - to - day crew .
The actors all did it for nothing .
And we all did it for nothing .
So , the production costs alone — the basic costs of filming the thing , and getting the locations , props and everything — ran a little over $ 200,000 .
We had a secondary budget drawn up in case of a profit , wherein we were trying to find rates for Internet materials .
In some cases they did n’t exist .
We used models that had been created by the guild for repurposed , or reused , material that we used for original [ content ] , because this had never come up before .
We did n’t want to leave a sour taste and say , “ Well , we made some money off of you guys being kind . ”
It was like : No , everybody has to benefit from what they ’ve done , obviously not enormously — it ’s Internet money we ’re talking about — but as soon as we got in the black , we paid everybody off .
So that budget was probably about twice what the original budget was .
Knowledge@Wharton :
You ’ve now earned more than twice the original cost ?
Whedon : Yes .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Which members of the production shared in the profits on the backend ?
Whedon :
The crew that got paid , got paid .
[ Those ] who did n’t get paid [ included people like ] department heads who had jobs and could afford to do this as a lark .
As we go forward into profit , there are also residual schedules and payment schedules for all of the creative people .
We ’re trying to figure out how that works .
From the start I also laid down a gross participation scheme for my three key actors and the other three writers .
While the guild was negotiating for one - tenth of a yen , I said , “ How about we just get into some percentages . ”
It was an opportunity to say to the guilds , “ Guess how much better we can do ” — which , in the case of the Internet , is the only way for the guilds to survive .
We ca n’t accept anything remotely like [ our current situation ] with the studios .
“ For [ the studios ] not to offer the creative community a percentage of what they make — they say , ‘ oh , it ’s too difficult ’ and ‘ we ’re not going to make any money ’ — is disingenuous to the point of criminality . ”
When the studios talk about the difficulty of monetizing the Internet , they ’re not lying .
There are a lot of paradigms wherein you are n’t making that much money .
But it ’s all pure money for them because they have these libraries they can just put on .
They ’re really not interested in putting on original stuff because they can just throw the libraries on and make free money off of that .
None of us is in that position .
For [ the studios ] not to offer the creative community a percentage of what they make — they say , “ oh , it ’s too difficult ” and “ we ’re not going to make any money ” — is disingenuous to the point of criminality .
What they ’re making is pure profit .
For them to shut out the people who actually created the content is something that should be looked into by a federal investigatory committee .
Knowledge@Wharton :
It sounds like you want what you ’ve done with “ Dr. Horrible ” to serve as a model for similar original content .
Whedon : I do .
Knowledge@Wharton :
What do you think the likelihood of that is ?
Whedon :
That largely depends on a number of people — one of whom , sadly , is me .
This could just stand out as Camelot and disappear .
Or it can be a model that is built on .
And I ’m one of the people who needs to be building on it .
That ’s something I ’m looking into right now .
I ’m not a business man .
I ’m also not a techie .
My ideas on how to monetize the Internet for independent productions are ideas that other people have already had .
But I am in a position to try to take advantage of them in such a way that we get a toehold in this medium and [ establish ] a system of creating some original content before the giant companies sweep in and fence it all off .
The movies , TV — everything is melding , everything is shifting .
If you saw it on a movie screen , it ’s going to be on your phone .
That territory is moving … now in a destructive way because we ’re losing residuals .
But eventually it ’s just going to be an inevitability that … the studios are going to have to rethink how they monetize [ content ] .
Obviously TiVo makes their relationship with advertisers different .
And that ’s going to become more and more the case .
A lot of it ca n’t be predicted — at least , not by me .
But if somebody is n’t out there creating a system wherein independent production can thrive , it will wither .
We are now in such a homogenized , globalized , monopolized entertainment system where studios are swallowing all independent producers and productions .
And they ’re swallowing each other .
Eventually there will just be Gap films and McDonald ’s films .
And that will be it .
“ We are now in such a homogenized , globalized , monopolized entertainment system where studios are swallowing all independent producers and productions . ”
The worst thing that ’s happened in this community is the death of the independent television producer .
We have to make sure that that does n’t happen on what is , right now , a public forum , and not a privately owned forum .
Especially with the economic disaster that the last bunch of presidents has left us with , independent film production is shutting down .
The film and television industry is finding itself in the position the music industry found itself in [ a few years ago ] .
The difference is they have a chance not to do what the music industry did , which was to ossify and to basically lock themselves in their fortress until they ran out of food .
They have an opportunity to try to stop the revolution by making evolutionary deals .
They ’re not inclined to do that right now .
So the trick is to create a venue that becomes attractive to them and [ where ] there is still an independent voice that can partner with them .
Ultimately , they have the power .
They have the advertising dollars , they have the distribution systems and they ’re a force to be reckoned with .
I would like to [ sit ] at the table as an equal , and not as one of the goddamn serfs who is giving them all my goddamn grain .
Knowledge@Wharton :
You ’ve made “ Dr. Horrible ” available through a number of different distribution channels .
It was free for a short period .
Then it was available for purchase as a video download through iTunes .
The soundtrack can also be purchased online .
It ’s now available once again for free , streamed over the web with advertising .
And now there ’s a DVD .
Can you give us an idea of how successful each of those has been ?
Whedon : iTunes has been a great boon for us .
And the DVD has done quite well — although I ’d love to bump that up more .
Streamed [ online video ] with advertising is probably the smallest revenue .
Whether that ’s a viable monetization scheme … is the question .
In some ways it acts as an advertisement and in some ways it might be pulling people away from bothering to download it or to buy the DVD .
In the case of the DVD , we went so ballistic with extra content that it took twice as long to make as the movie [ laughs ] .
It was n’t just a question of : Here ’s another potential revenue stream .
It was a question of : Here ’s something new , so that you do n’t feel like this is something you already have .
We were trying to protect the monetization stream there and give people a new experience .
Knowledge@Wharton :
You ’re a third generation television writer .
Was it easy to land your first writing job in Hollywood ?
Whedon :
Well , it was definitely easier for me in the sense that someone would read my script .
My father ’s agency said , “ Look , we do n’t do any favors .
We ’re not interested in this guy .
But because he ’s your son , we will read the script . ”
And that ’s a door that does n’t open for a lot of people .
Plus , I ’d seen television scripts my whole life .
I was raised by a tribe of funny people .
Those things help .
I understood the rhythms of the thing .
Those advantages I never take for granted .
But , ultimately , I still had to do the thing .
And they read the script and I got an agent , and several spec scripts later — a job .
So , it always comes down to : Can you do it ?
Can you write it ?
I ’ve made my way for a long time .
But was I halfway down the track when the starting gun went off ?
I was .
Knowledge@Wharton :
You ’ve created content for television , for feature films , for the web .
Do you view these as fundamentally different media or as merely different distribution channels for similar content ?
Whedon : I see them as different media .
They are connected and connecting in ways that I find both fascinating and appalling in the sense that everybody ’s trying to make every story work on every platform .
Sometimes you ’re like , “ Can you just make a frickin ’ movie !
Can it not be a franchise and a comic book and a bobblehead ?
Can the characters just matter ? ”
Part of it is absolutely respecting that the media are different .
That does n’t mean that you can only make things on the Internet that are two minutes long , like a lot of people believed .
But it does mean that a movie and a television show and a limited Internet series are going be positioned differently , responded to differently and experienced differently .
Ultimately , it ’s always going to boil down to : Did I [ care ] ?
Was I having a good time ?
But the integration of the things can be exciting , if it ’s approached the way everything needs to be approached — which is artistically .
The problem now is the form that the integration takes .
When I ’m shooting my TV show I have to shoot it for 4 by 3 television ratio and widescreen — which means I can never compose a true frame .
I ’m always splitting the difference between frames .
And that is destructive .
So you do have to make a choice at some point .
Like when we did our commentary musical [ on the “ Dr. Horrible ” DVD ] .
It ’s ridiculous .
It ’s sophomoric , it ’s silly , it ’s off - topic .
But , ultimately , we were striving to make a commentary musical , not just to pile on content for the sake of clocking more hours on the extras DVD .
We wanted to use the idea of a commentary musical to at least have fun with the concept .
Even if we did n’t really break huge ground there , we were professionally silly .
Knowledge@Wharton :
What do you think the media landscape will look like in another five or ten years ?
Whedon : [ Sarcastically : ]
I am exactly the kind of visionary who is so brilliant that he does n’t want to share that with other people .
Meaning : I have no idea .
I still call my iPod “ my Walkman . ”
OK ?
I am old .
I have gray in my beard — which , by the way , is terribly sexy .
I ’ve never been a maverick .
If you look at “ Dr. Horrible , ” it ’s a very old - fashioned story .
And it ’s a very old - fashioned presentation .
What I was going for was , basically , a television event .
It ’s going to be on at this time , and this is going to be your opportunity to see it , because it ’s not going to be on after that .
Tune in this night , this night and this night when it premieres .
Obviously , it was slightly different than that .
But that ’s the ethos I was going for .
I ’m a very old - fashioned story teller .
I am not , in any way , a visionary .
I just try and make whatever I do good enough that people let me do it again .
That ’s pretty much my scheme .
So , five years from now , we will all have antennae .
I got nothing .
The challenge for me now is to create some kind of formula for creation and monetization on a medium that may be completely different .
Right now , DVD is a great revenue source for an Internet - based venture .
Most people are saying that in five years , DVD will be over .
Sales are already way , way down from what they used to be .
I do n’t understand how I ’m going to ride that change .
I ’m just trying to make as much fun stuff as I can and stay , if not one step ahead of it , then not caught under the swell .
Knowledge@Wharton :
Can you recall the first piece of popular entertainment — a TV show , a movie , a comic book — that really made an impression on you as a child ?
Whedon : Umm … all of them ?
Let ’s go with “ Help , Help , The Globolinks , ” a horror opera that I saw when I was five .
It terrified me .
They drove a van on stage — which was awesome .
And then the van broke down , the Globolinks came , and the only thing that would keep them away was music .
A young girl had a violin and she would play the violin at them and they would go away .
It just terrified me .
But , at the same time , I adored it .
Knowledge@Wharton : Speaking of opera and musical theater , what are the chances that “ Dr. Horrible ” is going to make it to Broadway as a full - blown Broadway production ?
Whedon :
We talk all the time about all the possible venues for “ Dr. Horrible . ”
And then we go back to our day jobs that we ’re supposed to be doing in the first place .
Broadway is something that we ’ve talked about .
I had a very funny experience talking with a Broadway veteran who basically said , “ Oh , yeah , come to Broadway because there you ’ll have complete control and be treated with respect , and it will all go really easily . ”
[ Sarcastically : ]
Right .
And I was like , “ Hmmm , I think I ’ll go back to the Internet , where you just put it on for free ! ”
I would love to do it .
Broadway is a dream that we all have .
But I ’m not terribly interested in repurposing things I ’ve already done .
Obviously , I made a TV show out of one of my movies and a movie out of one of my TV shows , so it sounds like a crazy thing to say — except that I did n’t tell the same story in either of them .
I just took the story I had further .
And that ’s what I ’m concentrating on with “ Dr. Horrible . ”
It ’s not so much like : “ How can I squeeze another media out of this story ” but : “ What happened to him after ? ”
Knowledge@Wharton :
You felt that Fox did n’t handle your TV series “ Firefly ” particularly well .
I ’ve heard that you swore to never go back to Fox , and yet you ’re working with them on “ Dollhouse . ”
Whedon :
That is not , in fact , the case .
I never swore not to go back to Fox .
I left my deal at Fox because I could n’t think of any TV shows , and I did n’t want to be paid to not do anything .
Looking back — I ca n’t imagine why I did n’t want that [ laughs ] .
It sounds so cool .
I was heartbroken , but I never swore not to work at Fox .
The production people had not done anything bad .
They let me make the show the way I wanted to .
And the network — well , they ’re constantly changing , are n’t they ?
If it had been the same people running Fox now as it was then , I would not have come back .
But you do n’t swear , because the ground is shifting under you constantly .
It was doing that even before the new media made everyone cranky .
Knowledge@Wharton :
What advice would you give to someone starting out that wants to make an independent film or web content ?
How can they get their work seen ?
How can they generate enough revenue to do another one ?
Whedon :
The fact of the matter is , if somebody has a story to tell there is no reason at all that they should not be telling it .
The quality of the material that exists —
I ’m talking about the physical [ equipment ] like the cameras — [ allows you to do ] things that could not be done when I was a kid for almost nothing .
People are n’t going to the Internet to look for IMAX [ large screen movies ] .
They ’re going to look for things that shock and delight and surprise and upset and all that good stuff .
They ’re going for the most basic story .
A lot of people sit around and go , “ How can I get this made ? ”
The only answer is :
By making it .
By borrowing someone ’s camera .
By buying a camera .
They come cheap and they work well .
And if you know where to point them — and the person that you point them at is saying something interesting — that ’s it !
That ’s how it works .
I ca n’t stress enough that I believe the best thing in the world is for everybody who feels like they have a story to tell , to tell it .
If they want to sell it , if they want to make a lot of money , they can do that — and they can kiss their story goodbye .
Because , in general , that ’s the last they ’re ever going to see of it , because somebody else will own it and they will either not make it , or make it very differently than that person hoped .
So , if you really have a story you think you ’re ready to tell , what are you doing talking to me ?
No role model : Miss Universe pageant attacked over ' malnourished ' beauty queen
She was hoping to represent her country in the Miss Universe contest , and she certainly had a figure that turned heads .
Unfortunately for Stephanie Naumoska , and to the consternation of health experts , it was for all the wrong reasons .
Critics said the 19 - year - old was just skin and bone .
With her 31 -25-35 measurements she seemed to have trouble filling her already skimpy bikini as she paraded before the judges at the Australian finals of the pageant in Sydney .
Stephanie Naumoska in the Australia finals of the Miss Universe contest :
Her ribs and hip bones are clearly visible
The model ( centre ) poses with other contestants
She was tall enough - at 5ft 10in - to be the perfect height for a model but what has alarmed health experts is her weight .
She weighs only 7st 7lb and has a Body Mass Index of 15.1 - and that , by World Health Organisation standards , means she is malnourished .
Her BMI should be between 18.5 and 24.9 to fall into the ' average ' category .
When the pageant organisers were asked why they had allowed Miss Naumoska to parade before the cameras when her ribs and pelvic bones could be seen protruding alarmingly , an official reply was that her look was all to do with her heritage .
' She 's Macedonian , ' said one official .
But a spectator at the event at the Hilton Hotel commented : ' Side on , if you did n't look carefully enough , you could miss her - she was that thin . '
Dieticians urged the Sydney model to seek urgent medical attention because she was dangerously underweight .
Healthy ?
Miss Naumoska , seen here in a photoshoot , claims she eats well and is not unhealthy
Health expert Melanie McGrice said she was well under the World Health Organisation benchmark for malnutrition and added : ' I would certainly want to be doing an assessment of her diet to make sure she does n't have some type of eating disorder . '
She said Miss Naumoska needed urgent blood tests , diet analysis and a general body assessment .
Even Australian politicians have joined in the debate .
Carmel Tebutt , the acting premier of New South Wales , said that allowing her to enter the contest when she looked so disturbingly thin sent the wrong message to young women who looked up to glamorous models .
' The main thing is to encourage girls and young women to put health before thinking about trying to fit into a particular type of body image , ' she said .
The Australian Medical Association called on pageant organisers to impose a minimum Body Mass Index of 20 .
In this swimwear shoot , the model appears less bony and a healthier weight
But officials said too much emphasis was being placed on Miss Naumoska 's lifestyle rather than her ethnic background .
Deborah Miller , director of the contest , said the model blamed her Macedonian heritage for her thin appearance .
' The women do have long , lithe bodies and small bones , ' she said .
' It 's their body type , just as Asian girls tend to be rather small .
' She does n't have an eating disorder or anything like that .
There 's nothing wrong with her . '
But nutritionist Susie Burrell said : ' Macedonian body ?
I 've not seen anything like that anywhere to support that .
' What I see in the photos is muscle wastage on the upper arm and legs . '
Miss Naumoska was beaten in the final by 21 - year - old TV presenter and model Rachel Finch , who at 5ft 9in and measuring 34 - 24 - 34 appeared to have just a little more flesh than her skinny rival .
Winner : Rachael Finch beat Miss Naumoska to be crowed Miss Universe in the Australian leg of the contest
Red Hat , an open source leader best known for their Linux distribution , maps open source activity around the world .
If you ’re not a developer or involved with Web- ish things , open source might seem like a foreign concept .
Give away your code , your work , and your data .
And succeed ?
I do n’t know how it works , but somehow , it does .
Open source not only helps an application flourish , but also helps ideas develop further than they ever would with a single group .
Plus – it makes my life , and many others ’ lives much easier .
Perhaps taking a cue from New Zealand rugby team the All Blacks , a group of Kiwi artists and activists are calling for an " Internet Blackout " to protest the country 's coming " three strikes " law .
The Creative Freedom Foundation believes that copyright infringement is wrong , but it argues that the proposed penalty ( ISP disconnection ) does n't fit the crime , especially since the New Zealand law only relies on evidence and allegations from copyright holders ; the law makes no provision for judicial oversight or any other sort of process to contest the evidence of P2P copyright infringement .
It goes into effect on February 28 .
New Zealand 's 1984 Copyright
Act was last year amended in numerous ways , but the most controversial has certainly been the new section 92A .
" An Internet service provider must adopt and reasonably implement a policy that provides for termination , in appropriate circumstances , of the account with that Internet service provider of a repeat infringer , " it says .
ISPs argue that this is ludicrously vague , but they have little choice except to implement it and so are working with rightsholders to find some model that is least objectionable to all parties involved .
" Copyright infringement is wrong , but should people , schools , and hospitals have their Internet connections and websites cut off due to accusations of copyright infringement ? " asks the Creative Freedom website .
The group held a protest today at noon on the Parliament grounds in Wellington and presented a petition — signed by more than 12,000 people — to the government .
Protestors were to show up with plain black placards , echoing the " Internet blackout " pushed by Creative Freedom .
A " major web blackout " is scheduled for February 23 , when people are encouraged to replace their site or blog page with a simple black page instead .
The idea has already taken hold on Twitter , where the Twitterati have already taken to blacking out their avatar .
Stephen Fry , the British actor with more than 211,000 (! ) followers , has signed on to the campaign , replacing his bio with a black box .
Still , this may not be the sort of exposure actually needed to change the law .
Blacking out Twitter and Facebook profiles seem unlikely to carry much weight with politicians ; if the complaints of New Zealand 's Internet industry have not yet been effective , it 's unlikely that empty avatars will do the trick .
As for that petition , it was an " e- petition , " the easiest sort to collect signatures for ( and politicians know it ) .
ZDNet Australia attended today 's protest in Wellington and noted that the sorts of protests that matter more — actual signatures from local residents and turning out a mob — remained small .
The paper petition had only 148 names , while 120 people turned up to protest .
« previous post | next post »
Geoff Pullum gave us a really neat lesson on Finnish short vowels a few months ago , pointing out things that nobody but native speakers have ever known — that Finns produce a subtle duration of short / Ih / vowels that the rest of us do n’t even hear .
But hey , The Finnish vowel duration distinction does n’t come close to what ’s going on in a remote part of Tanzania .
A really , really short / Ih / has been discovered by phonetic scientists who study vowel duration .
Phoneticians in East Africa recently have stumbled upon the shortest vowel ever known to humankind .
They discovered that the duration of the / Ih / vowel , already known for its very short length in languages like English ( to say nothing about it ’s tremendous importance in Finnish ) , is produced in .11 hundredths of a second by a small band of speakers of Kwatnaksa , who live on an otherwise unoccupied island in the Indian Ocean .
Well , at least linguists thought the name of that language was Kwatnaksa , but never before had they noticed the very short / Ih / squeezed between the /t / and the /n/ , and also obtruding effortlessly but noiselessly into other hitherto believed consonant clusters .
They were shocked , therefore , when a 98 year - old native , speech slowed by age , clearly produced the vowel / Ih / , with an extremely short duration in all such contexts .
When extensively interviewed , the old man answered with an abundance of very brief / Ih / sounds in the middle of what the research team had hitherto believed to be consonant clusters .
Intensive research quickly followed , revealing that the name of that language is actually Kiwatinakisa , sending National Geographic cartographers into a frenzy .
“ Once we started listening for that very short / Ih / , we began to hear it everywhere , ” said Dr. Brno Von Hurringville III , one of the lead researchers on the team .
“ In fact , there appear to be no consonant clusters at all in this God- forsaken language . ”
Puzzled about what to do about their discovery , the research team promptly requested help from the Tanzanian Overseeing Council on Vowels and Consonants ( TOCOVAC ) , at its headquarters in Arusha .
Sadly , the researchers report , they have not yet received a response .
In an apparently misguided effort to preserve the until - now perceived original spelling of Kwatnaksa , a UN disaster relief agency has offered immediate aid , promising to send in a supply of speech therapists and to provide dozens of much needed consonant clusters to this bleak Tanzanian island .
It remains unclear to most observers whether TOCOVAC will accept this kind humanitarian offer , but some feel that there are strong indications that it is not likely to be received kindly .
One clue is that the UN ’s offer was addressed to :
TCVC
Lngg Rsrch Tm
Rsh , Tnzn .
Permalink
Why is it always the men making decisions for women ?
Fuck everyone who contributed to keeping this pill away from the public .
Dr. Drew has already pointed out that when it comes to the morning after pill , most Americans are mentally retarded .
Its not an abortion pill .
It simply stops the egg from ever getting fertilized .
Male sperm is alive in the female for up to 3 days after sex , meaning you actually have 3 days to take it .
The pill does not destroy the egg , meaning there is no abortion , also meaning , the morning after pill has ZERO relation to the RU486 pill .
Not having this pill readily available in every community is shameful .
How many lives are ruined because they did n't have one of these pills ?
Most young people can not afford to have a child and are in no way capable of properly raising one in an ideal setting .
Most of Bush and friends are 100 % aware that this is n't an abortion pill , they just happen to move and shake with the types of individuals who are more interested in collecting more taxes from a larger pool of human beings .
They dont care if you 're too young to afford to feed and clothe a new baby , just as long as your raising a future tax payer , game on , and the dumber they are when they reach adulthood , the greater the likelihood of them joining the military .
They need fresh meat shields as pawns in the wars for the profit of a few wealthy individuals and organizations .
A new day for the morning - after pill
A federal court ruling rightly criticizes the FDA 's reasons for limiting sales of the Plan B pill and orders a remedy .
March 25 , 2009
The 40 studies were thorough and conclusive :
The morning - after contraceptive pill is safe and effective , and teenage girls understand just as much as young women do about how to use it safely .
Also well studied were the Bush administration 's attempts to keep the pill out of the hands of American women and girls , at least for as long as it could .
The conclusion , just as clear , in a 2005 report by the Government Accountability Office : The Food and Drug Administration abdicated its duty , overriding and overruling scientists so that it could delay and limit access to the pill and thus allay the concerns of religious conservatives .
A federal court ruling this week spared no criticism of the FDA , saying that the agency 's reason for limiting behind - the - counter sales of the pill to women 18 or older and to minors with a prescription " lacks all credibility " and was politically motivated .
Perhaps most scathing was the court 's order to the FDA :
Go back and reexamine the issue solely on its scientific merits .
Within 30 days , the FDA also must make the pill available to 17 - year - olds without a prescription .
The FDA stalled for years with subterfuges that were all too transparent .
First it rejected nonprescription use of the pill , which was marketed as Plan B .
Then it told the manufacturer , Barr Laboratories , to submit a proposal for allowing the pill for older teens and adults .
Once the company did so , the FDA said it was n't sure that limiting use by age was valid .
Finally , in 2006 , the agency decided to give women 18 and older behind - the - counter access -- but only as a sop to senators who were threatening to hold up President Bush 's nomination of Andrew C. von Eschenbach as FDA commissioner .
The campaign to make Plan B available without a prescription was based on solid medical grounds :
The pill is most effective when used within 24 hours of intercourse .
The response of the FDA , which the public relies on to make equally solid medical decisions , was an embarrassing new low that prompted the agency 's director of women ’s health to resign .
Objections that the pill would entice girls into earlier and more promiscuous sex were not only unfounded -- among the studies were findings that access to Plan B did not affect sexual behavior -- but irrelevant .
It was never part of the FDA 's job to monitor moral behavior among adolescents .
There is justified glee in the scientific community over the announcement by President Obama that science will be shown due respect under his administration .
As welcome as this new direction is , the court 's review of the FDA 's actions provides an even more significant reassurance that the government will be held to account no matter who is in power at the moment .
http://articles.latimes.com/2009/mar/25/opinion/ed-pill25
When we think of the Porsche 550 Spyder , the first thing that comes to mind is James Dean .
We suggest you stop thinking about it if you enjoy your health .
Advertisement
Since James Dean ’s death in 1955 , the Porsche 550 Spyder has become infamous as the car that killed him .
As young Jalops we watched an Unsolved Mysteries episode on the curse of the James Dean Porsche .
These stories not only made the famous car seem more like Christine than Porsche , they downright scared us .
We decided to share some of the stories with you .
Read on if you dare .
While filming Rebel Without A Cause , James Dean had upgraded from the 356 to the 550 Spyder and decided that he wanted to make it uniquely his .
Dean called upon George Barris , of movie car fame , to customize the Porsche .
He gave it tartan seats , two red stripes over the rear wheels and plastered the number ‘ 130 ’ on its doors , hood and engine cover .
The name “ Little Bastard ” was given by Dean language coach , Bill Hickman , and was later painted on the car by master pin striper , Dean Jeffries .
On September 23 of 1955 , Dean met actor Alec Guinness ( Obi - Wan Kebobi ) outside of a restaurant and had him take a look at the Spyder .
Guinness told Dean that the car had a “ sinister ” appearance and then told Dean : “ If you get in that car , you will be found dead in it by this time next week . ”
Seven days later , Dean would be killed in his beloved “ Little Bastard . ”
Cue the Unsolved Mysteries theme song .
Advertisement
That “ Little Bastard ” not only killed James Dean , but killed and maimed others who came in contact with it causing many to say that the damn thing was cursed .
George Barris , who customized the 550 originally , bought the wrecked carcass of “ Little Bastard ” for $ 2500 and soon after it slipped off its trailer and broke a mechanics leg .
Not long after Barris sold the engine and drivetrain to Troy McHenry and William Eschrid .
While the two were both racing against one another in cars that had parts from the “ Little Bastard , ” McHenry lost control and hit a tree , killing him instantly and Eschrid was seriously injured when his car suddenly locked up and rolled over while going into a turn .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Barris still had two tires from the 550 which were untouched in Dean ’s accident .
He sold them and not long after , both blew out simultaneously causing the new owner ’s car to run off the road .
Barris had kept the car in his possession sans the sold parts and it caught the attention of two would - be thieves .
One of the thieves arms was torn open trying to steal the steering wheel while the other was injured trying to remove the bloodstained tartan seat .
Due to all the incidents involving “ Little Bastard , ” Barris decided to hide the car but was convinced by the California Highway Patrol to lend the cursed heap to a highway safety exhibit .
The first exhibit was unsuccessful as the garage that housed the car caught fire and burned to the ground .
Mysteriously the car suffered virtually no damage from the fire .
The next exhibition at a local high school ended abruptly when the car fell off its display and broke a nearby student ’s hip .
Advertisement
The curse continued when the “ Little Bastard ” was being transported when the truck carrying the car lost control which caused the driver to fall out and somehow get crushed by the car after it fell off the back .
The car fell off of two more transport trucks while travelling on the freeway fortunately not injuring anyone .
The CHP decided that it had had enough of the “ Little Bastard ” and while transporting the car to Barris , the car mysteriously vanished and has not been seen since .
There are stories of a single piece of “ Little Bastard ” residing at the Historic Auto Attractions museum in Illinois , but we ’re not brave enough to find out .
Advertisement
[ via UnderWorldTales ]
This is starting to feel like amateur hour for aspiring magicians .
Another day , another attempt by a Wall Street bank to pull a bunny out of the hat , showing off an earnings report that it hopes will elicit oohs and aahs from the market .
Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and , on Monday , Bank of America all tried to wow their audiences with what appeared to be  presto !
 better - than - expected numbers .
But in each case , investors spotted the attempts at sleight of hand , and did n’t buy it for a second .
With Goldman Sachs , the disappearing month of December did n’t quite disappear ( it changed its reporting calendar , effectively erasing the impact of a $ 1.5 billion loss that month ) ; JPMorgan Chase reported a dazzling profit partly because the price of its bonds dropped ( theoretically , they could retire them and buy them back at a cheaper price ; that ’s sort of like saying you ’re richer because the value of your home has dropped ) ; Citigroup pulled the same trick .
Bank of America sold its shares in China Construction Bank to book a big one - time profit , but Ken Lewis heralded the results as “ a testament to the value and breadth of the franchise . ”
letters2 soulmate is an anonymous collection of love letters , drawing people together from all corners of the world to read , share and love .
letters2soulmate@gmail.com
the art of writing is about connecting to people .
have something to say ?
write to me .
i love hearing good stories -- particularly those about love .
If you charge an electric car with a battery capacity of 25 kWh during 8 hours , it needs a power output of 3,125 watts .
If you charge the same car in just 10 minutes , it needs a power output of 155,000 watts .
Fast recharging times generate lots of excitement , but what seems to be forgotten is that they can lead to a fabulous amount of peak demand .
Motor art courtesy of Paul Loughridge .
All rights reserved .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
How many extra power plants do we need to build if we introduce electric cars on a large scale ?
According to ecotech advocates , that matter is solved : ( almost ) none .
Electric vehicles can be charged at night .
Many power plants have a surplus of energy during the night ( " off- peak production capacity " ) because demand is low and generators keep spinning .
Therefore , if we all start driving electric cars , oil consumption will plummet to zero and electricity production will remain the same .
In December 2006 , a study at the US Pacific Northwest National Laboratory found that off - peak electricity production and transmission capacity could fuel 84 percent of the country 's 220 million cars , if they would be converted to plug - in hybrids .
In June 2007 , another study from the US government concluded that 73 percent of the existing US light - duty vehicle fleet ( cars , SUV's , pickup trucks , vans ) could be powered with available off - peak electric capacity if transformed to plug - in hybrids .
In March 2008 , a study from Oak Ridge National Laboratory said that if 25 percent of the US fleet would be replaced by plug - in hybrids , only zero to eight new large power plants would have to be built if all these cars plugged in after 10 pm .
Plug - in hybrids versus electric
The first difficulty is that these studies talk about plug - in hybrids , not electric cars , which does not stop the media from presenting this research with headlines like " US power grid can fuel 180 million electric cars " or " Electric cars will not need new electric power plants " .
Plug - in hybrids have ( or will have , because they are not on the market yet ) smaller batteries than fully electric cars : a battery capacity of 5 to 25 kWh , compared to 10 to 50 kWh for a fully electric car ( source ) .
Plug - in hybrids have both an electric motor and a gasoline engine ( which kicks in at distances longer than 40 or 50 miles ) .
Charging at night ?
Electric cars , however , do not have the backup of a gasoline engine and an infrastructure of petrol stations for longer distances .
If we can only charge them at night , the range of our vehicles would be limited to 100 miles ( 160 km ) per day , or only half of that when the cars are driven at high speed .
There are some electric cars that have better mileage : 220 miles for the Tesla Roadster and 150 for the Mini E - but both have no back seat since that space is taken by the larger battery .
The standard answer to this drawback is that the average commute in the US is only 33 miles , so in most cases the limited mileage of electric cars will be sufficient .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Manufacturers of electric cars and batteries are pushing faster recharging times
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Averages are theoretical data : some of us will have to drive only 10 miles per day , others 120 miles .
And at least now and then , almost everyone will want to drive longer distances , but that would be completely impossible in this scenario .
Moreover , many people do not have the possibility to charge their vehicles at home - not everybody has a garage .
This means that we need an infrastructure of outlets along the curbs of cities and towns if we want everybody to charge at night .
Charging electric cars with off - peak electricity might keep the need for new power plants limited , but it is far from practical .
Charging spots
Therefore , it is an illusion to think that all electric cars will be charged at night .
A substantial amount of them maybe , but not all .
No matter how small the amount of cars that needs charging during the day , it means that we need an intricate infrastructure of charging spots throughout cities and towns .
Companies and governments are already working on that .
" Better Place " , which announced the building of a charging infrastructure in Israel , Denmark , Portugal and California , is the best known , but there are more .
" Better Place " plans charging spots in parking garages , retail spaces and on street curbs .
About 10,000 of them will be installed in 2009 across Israel , and that will increase to 100,000 by 2010 , according to Reuters .
These spots will be the size of a parking meter and will deliver 3,300 watts ( for 1 car ) and 6,600 watts ( for 2 cars ) .
This compares to the energy output of 10 plasma televisions ( of 340 watts each ) to charge one electric car .
Adding this load at night might not be a problem , but this becomes a very different story during the day .
1,000 power plants
The study from Oak Ridge National Laboratory also calculated what would happen if all plug - in vehicles would be charged at 5 pm instead of after 10 pm .
In this worst - case scenario , the US would need to build 160 " large " power plants ( and the related distribution infrastructure , of course ) .
Note : this concerns plug - in hybrids , not fully electric cars , and this concerns a penetration of only 25 percent , not 100 percent .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Electric motors are more efficient than gasoline engines , but the problem is not total energy consumption , it is peak load
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A complete conversion to plug - in hybrids would thus require 640 extra large power plants .
The researchers do not specify what they consider to be a " large " power plant , but this must be around 1,000 megawatts , which boils down to the need for another 640 GW of power plants .
That is almost a 65 percent increase of the existing US electricity generation capacity .
Fast recharging time
This is the worst case scenario considered by the researchers , where all drivers plug in their cars at the same time and at the worst possible moment of the day .
That will never happen .
Yet , there is another scenario that is much worse and is not considered by the researchers : a fleet of fast - recharging fully electric cars .
A vehicle that needs 6 to 12 hours of charging to drive just 1 or 2 hours will never appeal to the larger part of the public .
The automobile stands for freedom of movement , so electric cars will never catch on unless they have at least a similar recharging time to that of a gasoline car ( one of the reasons why they disappeared one hundred years ago ) .
Manufacturers of electric cars and batteries know that , and that is why most of them are pushing faster recharging times .
Combined with an elaborate infrastructure of charging spots , this would largely overcome the problem of limited autonomy .
We would still need to recharge more often than with a gasoline car , but at least it would be possible to drive further than 100 miles from home , and to leave anytime you want .
150,000 watts
Several manufacturers and researchers have already announced recharging times of 30 minutes or less , which would bring refuelling time quite close to that of a gasoline car .
This is only possible through a high - voltage current outlet .
Fast recharging times generate lots of excitement , but what seems to be forgotten here is that they come with a price - you have to pump in more energy over a shorter time , which can lead to a fabulous amount of peak power .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You cannot solve this issue with better batteries - in fact , you can only make it worse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you charge an electric car with a battery capacity of 25 kWh during 8 hours , it needs a power output of 3,125 watts ( 3.1 kilowatts x 8 hours = 25 kWh ) .
If you charge the same car in just 20 minutes , you need a power output of 75,000 watts ( 75 kilowatts x 0.33 hours = 25 kWh ) .
This corresponds to the energy output of 220 plasma televisions of 340 watts each .
This amount of energy is required over a shorter period , but it has to be available .
If you lower the recharging time to 10 minutes , the energy output will be 155,000 watts ( 155 kilowatts x 0.16 hours = 25 kWh ) .
This equates to 450 plasma televisions .
It will be clear that fast recharging times , even if they are used only by a relatively small amount of drivers , will only be possible with a massive extension of our electricity generation capacity .
Meltdown
There are 220 million private cars in the US .
If the complete fleet would be plugged in at the same time it would need 34,000 gigawatts , or 34 times the existing electricity generation capacity of the US .
This will never happen , but it compares to " only " a 65 percent increase of the power capacity in the slow - charging scenario above .
A large fleet of fast - charging cars will melt the grid .
Charging just 6,500 of these vehicles ( 0.003 % ) simultaneously in 10 minutes will require an energy output comparable to that of one large power plant .
If one in a thousand of these cars ( 220,000 vehicles or 0.1 % ) is charged simultaneously in 10 minutes they will need 34 gigawatts .
And one in a 100 cars charged simultaneously will require a total energy output of 340 gigawatts .
The question is not how many cars will be charged together on average during the day , but how many of them will be charged together at any possible moment of the day , month or year .
Better batteries ?
The energy infrastructure has to be prepared for the highest possible demand - for instance , when everybody wants to drive to a large sporting event .
Also , do n't forget that someone who wants to make a trip of 500 miles will have to charge the battery 5 times .
Because of their shorter range , electric cars need to be refuelled much more often than gasoline cars .
There is no way around this problem .
You cannot solve it with better technology - in fact , you can only make it worse .
Better batteries with higher capacities may lower the amount of stops at charging spots , but they will raise the amount of peak power required for one charge .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Electric cars are not refrigerators - but many calculations of their energy requirements treat them as if they were
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The fundamental problem ( and we have noted this before ) is that electric cars are wireless .
Trains , trams ( streetcars ) and trolleybuses do not have these problems , simply because they do not need a battery .
Their energy consumption is spread evenly over their operation time .
People keep saying that electric motors are more efficient than gasoline engines , and that 's definitely true , but the problem is not total energy consumption , it is peak load .
Electric cars are not refrigerators - but many calculations of their energy requirements treat them as if they were .
Swapping batteries
There is only one last way around the mileage problem of electric cars : swappable batteries ( another part of the infrastructure proposed by " Better Place " ) .
This would mean that the batteries could be charged at night at refuelling stations , and thus provide instant off - peak power during the day .
There are two problems with this .
Firstly , we are not talking about a handy laptop battery here .
The battery packs of electric cars easily weigh 100 to 500 kilograms , which means you will need a machine to get them out and back in again .
Moreover , the batteries are not always placed so that you can easily swap them - in many electric cars they are underneath the floor , to optimise weight distribution and centre of gravity .
Secondly , all batteries would have to be the same , and achieving such a standard is both technically and commercially very unlikely .
If it does n't work for laptops or mobile phones , then why should it work for cars ?
" A Better Place " will make use of standardised vehicles , but the day that we will all be willing to drive the same car , we would probably also not mind leaving the car altogether and - finally - get on a bike , a tram or a train .
© Kris De Decker / edited by Matt Hill / Motor art courtesy of Paul Loughridge .
And finally , another warning from the WorkSafeBC :
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Related articles :
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A few months ago , I was surfing around a discussion board for moms when I noticed this intriguing question , “ About how long does it take you and your DH to do it ? ” I clicked through , and I immediately felt inadequate .
Mom after mom was claiming to “ do it ” for 30 minutes , 60 minutes , and even two hours on a regular basis .
These women were describing a “ quickie ” as sex that lasts for 10 to 20 minutes .
A few even complained about short sexual encounters , whining , “ I wish my DH had more staying power . ”
I wondered , “ Who are these women and why are they allowed to type such nonsense on the Internet ? ”
In my bedroom , a typical session lasts about 10 minutes , and that includes the taking off the clothes part and the clean up .
This , by the way , is not my husband ’s fault .
His staying power should probably be documented in the Guinness Book of World Records .
( Note : His friends read this blog .
My husband will now love me forever .
He ’d also like me to stipulate that the length of his , well , you know , is legendary . )
Our constant use of the quickie is all my doing .
I simply ca n’t imagine going at it for an hour .
An hour ?!
Two hours ?!
When I think about having sex for that long , the following words and phrases come to mind :
“ Ouch . ”
“ Yawn . ”
“ I have stuff to do . ”
“ Are we done yet ? ”
It ’s possible that we completed a few sexual marathons years ago , when we first met .
Those were the days when we used to think it was fun to gaze into one another ’s eyes .
My memories of those times have mostly been erased by a chronic case of momnesia , though .
In any case , we no longer have time to eye gaze , not to mention drag things out in the bedroom .
Now in the AK ( after kid ) era , there ’s simply no time for such frivolity .
We have a 529 to fund , a daycare bill to pay , jobs to do , a house to clean , toys to fix , and meals to cook .
Sex has become something we slip in somewhere between the daycare drop off and a mad dash to the bank .
Still , even if I had all the time in the world , I ’m not so sure I ’d want it .
If sex lasted an hour or more , I ’m quite certain I ’d need to take ibuprofen for a few days afterward .
I ’m just not in that sort of shape anymore .
And even if I was in shape , I ’m not sure I ’m genetically blessed with the ability to go at it for that long .
I ’ve tried to turn myself into a better sex partner .
I really have .
For instance , I ’ve tried doing it with my husband a lot more frequently , with the idea being that more frequent orgasms would lead to a better ability to delay them .
It sort of worked , too .
Instead of 10 minutes , our sessions dragged on for about 12 .
I ’ve tried to focus my thoughts on nonsexual things , too , like how I planned to straighten up the bedroom as soon as we wrapped things up .
I ’ve even begged my husband to ease up .
“ No , do n’t push me over the edge honey , I want to see …
Oh , it ’s too late now . ”
It ’s like that .
I thought about asking my real life mom friends about their sex lives , but I held off .
I figured they might all be marathoners , too .
I did n’t want everyone in town knowing that I was a sexual sprinter .
Then yesterday I was doing some research for a heart disease book that I ’m writing and I stumbled across a Penn State study .
It found that the most sexually satisfied couples usually had sex for just three to 13 minutes .
In fact , the psychologists , marriage therapists and sexperts who were studied said that anything longer than 10 minutes was “ too long . ”
( And if you wonder what that has to do with heart disease , all I can say is this : Google is n’t perfect . )
The researchers were quoted as saying , “ Unfortunately , today ’s popular culture has reinforced stereotypes about sexual activity .
Many men and women seem to believe the fantasy model of large penises , rock - hard erections and all - night - long intercourse . ”
I thought three things :
1. Hallelujah !
2. Penn State rules !
3. Bring on the quickies !
The campaign to prevent the mandatory internet filter in Australia has been like no other campaign before it .
Though the subject matter naturally lends itself to the type of campaign we 're witnessing - and participating in as never before - it also offers a fascinating glimpse into the way more mainstream campaigns will be run in the future .
We are witnessing what may come to be seen as the beginnings of open source government in this country .
Twitter - now among the 100 most visited sites on the internet - has been one of the primary conduits for these conversations .
Such is the power of this medium that even with mainstream media focus squarely on stimulus packages and savage bushfires , Communications Minister Stephen Conroy 's announcement was met with an immediate response .
The interwebs never sleep .
Senator Conroy is trapped by something akin to a virtual hydra - every time he " responds " to one piece of criticism , numerous other more refined , more powerful and more targeted arguments arise from all sides .
Perhaps as a result of this , perhaps just purely by coincidence , the minister recently revealed the first six internet service providers selected to trial the filter .
The three largest ISPs in Australia are conspicuously absent from the list .
Of particular interest is iiNet , the company that declared their intent to participate in the trial , " to make sure the public , media and political players are well informed and realise that it is bad policy " .
Surely if the minister has confidence in the system - if he genuinely believes that the technical concerns raised can somehow be addressed - then it stands to reason that he'd welcome such intense scrutiny as an opportunity to silence detractors .
Alternatively , if he wishes to improve the system , then the feedback provided by a dedicated and highly tech - literate naysayer would be invaluable .
The ISPs selected are for the most part business providers .
This could be taken to suggest that this trial is an opportunistic attempt to salvage some credibility by the Government .
They could proclaim ' success ' without ever testing the filter in a scenario remotely typical of the circumstances it is designed for .
Notably , these enterprise - focussed ISPs are very unlikely to be used by many of the more vocal opponents of this scheme , and thus the Government can mask the deficiencies a little while longer .
Some critics are attempting to acquire the services of one of the nominated ISPs , to experience first - hand the impacts - such as speed degradation and " false positives " which the system will almost certainly deliver .
The diversity of people campaigning on this issue has meant that every one of the numerous flaws of this proposal has been exposed - from the numerous technical shortcomings highlighted by a range of experts in the field , to the dubious and perennially secret contents of the expanding ACMA blacklist , from the assault on free speech that the filter represents , to the ineffectiveness of such a system in addressing genuine and valid concerns about internet safety .
With one unified voice this campaign polyglot has resoundingly denounced the mandatory internet filter .
They have also , universally , condemned Senator Conroy and his few supporters for their attempts to equate critics with advocates of child pornography .
But most encouraging of all is the agreement that concerns about internet safety are absolutely justified , and warrant concerted action .
And therein hopefully lies the next stage of the debate .
We 're all in vociferous agreement about what wo n't work .
But what will ?
Can this enormously empowered campaign speak with one cogent voice about what we 're for ?
How do we empower parents to make the best choices for their families , and law enforcement agencies to prosecute the creators and distributors of the worst material trafficked over the internet ?
Is there a way to adequately prepare children to understand other threats such as cyber - bullying , without asphyxiating the greatest information sharing tool in history ?
Can we directly challenge the epidemic of sexualised violence against women and children in this country and place the online tip of the iceberg into its proper context ?
I believe that most people involved in this debate - including , I suspect , many in the Government - would rather see these issues tackled head - on than pursuing the disturbing and expensive distraction of internet censorship .
Senator Scott Ludlam is the Greens ' spokesperson for broadband , communications and the digital economy
How to deploy with WSGI ¶
Django ’s primary deployment platform is WSGI , the Python standard for web servers and applications .
Django ’s startproject management command sets up a minimal default WSGI configuration for you , which you can tweak as needed for your project , and direct any WSGI - compliant application server to use .
Django includes getting - started documentation for the following WSGI servers :
The application object ¶
The key concept of deploying with WSGI is the application callable which the application server uses to communicate with your code .
It ’s commonly provided as an object named application in a Python module accessible to the server .
The startproject command creates a file < project_name >/ wsgi.py that contains such an application callable .
It ’s used both by Django ’s development server and in production WSGI deployments .
WSGI servers obtain the path to the application callable from their configuration .
Django ’s built - in server , namely the runserver command , reads it from the WSGI_APPLICATION setting .
By default , it ’s set to < project_name>.wsgi.application , which points to the application callable in < project_name>/wsgi.py .
Configuring the settings module ¶
When the WSGI server loads your application , Django needs to import the settings module — that ’s where your entire application is defined .
Django uses the DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE environment variable to locate the appropriate settings module .
It must contain the dotted path to the settings module .
You can use a different value for development and production ; it all depends on how you organize your settings .
If this variable is n’t set , the default wsgi.py sets it to mysite .
settings , where mysite is the name of your project .
That ’s how runserver discovers the default settings file by default .
Note Since environment variables are process - wide , this does n’t work when you run multiple Django sites in the same process .
This happens with mod_wsgi .
To avoid this problem , use mod_wsgi ’s daemon mode with each site in its own daemon process , or override the value from the environment by enforcing os.environ [ " DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE
" ] = " mysite.settings " in your wsgi.py .
After the slaughter : political lessons of the Balkan War
By David North
30 March 2009
We are reposting here a statement by David North , chairman of the international editorial board of the World Socialist Web Site and national chairman of the Socialist Equality Party .
The statement was originally published on June 14 , 1999 .
March 24 marked the 10th anniversary of the beginning of the 11 - week US - NATO bombardment of Serbia and Kosovo .
The capitulation of Serbia to the US - NATO onslaught brings to an end the last major strategic experience of the 20th century .
Its bloody conclusion endows the century with a certain tragic symmetry .
It began with the suppression of the anti-colonial uprising of the Chinese Boxers .
The century closes with a war that completes the reduction of the Balkans to the status of a neo-colonial protectorate of the major imperialist powers .
It is too early to appreciate the full extent of the devastation wreaked upon Serbia and Kosovo by the missiles and bombs of the United States .
The number of military deaths suffered by the Serbs is estimated at 5,000 .
Military casualties are thought to be twice that number .
At least 1,500 civilians have been killed .
In the course of nearly 35,000 sorties , the US Air Force — abetted by its European accomplices — shattered a vast portion of the industrial and social infrastructure of Yugoslavia .
NATO estimates that 57 percent of the country 's petroleum reserves have been damaged or destroyed .
Nearly all the major highways , railways and bridges have been extensively bombed .
The electrical transformers , central power plants and water filtration systems upon which modern urban centers depend are functioning at only a fraction of their pre-bombardment capacity .
Several hundred thousand workers have lost their livelihoods because of the destruction of their factories and workplaces .
Several major hospitals have suffered extensive bomb - related damages .
Schools attended by a total of 100,000 children have been damaged or destroyed .
The estimated cost of rebuilding what NATO has demolished is between $ 50 billion and $ 150 billion .
Even the lower figure is far beyond the resources available to Yugoslavia .
It is expected that the country 's gross national product will decline by 30 percent this year .
During the last two months consumer spending fell by nearly two - thirds .
Economic researchers have already calculated that , without outside assistance , Yugoslavia would require 45 years to reach even the meager level of economic prosperity that it knew in 1989 !
The bombing of Yugoslavia has exposed the real relations that exist between imperialism and small nations .
The great indictments of imperialism written in the first years of the 20th century — those of Hobson , Lenin , Luxemburg and Hilferding — read like contemporary documents .
Economically , small nations are at the mercy of the lending agencies and financial institutions of the major imperialist powers .
In the realm of politics , any attempt to assert their independent interests brings with it the threat of devastating military retaliation .
With increasing frequency small states are being stripped of their national sovereignty , compelled to accept foreign military occupation and submit to forms of rule that are , when all is said and done , of an essentially colonialist character .
The dismantling of the old colonial empires during the late 1940s , 1950s and 1960s appears more and more , in the light of contemporary events , to have been only a temporary episode in the history of imperialism .
The assault on Yugoslavia can be defined more appropriately as a massacre than a war .
A war implies combat , in which both sides are exposed to at least some significant degree of risk .
Never in history has there been a military conflict in which so great an imbalance existed between the contending forces .
Even Hitler 's bloody and one - sided attacks on Poland , Holland and Norway exposed German forces to a measurable level of danger .
That element of military risk was for the United States entirely missing in the latest war .
Without losing a single life to so much as a stray bullet , NATO pilots and the operators of its computerized missile launch systems laid waste to much of Yugoslavia .
This imbalance in the military resources available to the opposing sides is a defining characteristic of this war .
At the end of the 20th century , the economic resources commanded by the imperialist powers guarantee their technological supremacy which , in turn , is translated into overwhelming military advantage .
Within this international framework , the United States has emerged as the principal oppressor imperialist nation , utilizing its technological dominance in the sphere of precision - guided munitions to bully , terrorize and , if it so chooses , lay waste to virtually defenseless small and less - developed countries that have , for one or another reason , gotten in its way .
From a military standpoint , the bombing campaign has again demonstrated the lethal capacities of the United States ' war - making machine .
Its defense contractors are congratulating themselves and smacking their lips in anticipation of the revenue stream that will flow from purchase orders as the Pentagon replenishes its arsenal of weapons .
But the capitulation of Serbia is a Pyrrhic victory .
The United States has secured its short - term objectives in the Balkans , but at tremendous long - term political costs .
Despite the bombastic propaganda campaign to portray its destruction of Yugoslavia as a humanitarian exercise , the international image of the United States has suffered irreparable damage .
In the atmosphere of political confusion surrounding the collapse of the Soviet Union , the prestige of the United States rose to heights not seen since its glory years of World War II .
Illusions abounded in America's " democratic " and " humanitarian " role .
Much has changed in the course of this decade .
The endless series of cruise missile attacks against one or another defenseless enemy has provoked a sense of revulsion among the broad masses .
All over the world the United States is perceived as a ruthless and dangerous bully that will stop at nothing to secure its interests .
The rage which erupted in the streets of Beijing after the bombing of the Chinese embassy was not merely the product of the Stalinist regime 's propaganda and incitement of chauvinism .
Rather , it is now widely understood that what was happening to Belgrade could happen within the next few years to Beijing .
More astute representatives of American imperialism fear that the deterioration in the international image of the United States will carry with it a serious political price .
In a roundtable discussion on the ABC news program Nightline following the initial announcement of Milosevic 's acceptance of NATO 's terms , former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger opined , " We 've presented to the rest of the world a vision of the bully on the block who pushes a button , people out there die , we do n't pay anything except the cost of the missile ... that 's going to haunt us in terms of trying to deal with the rest of the world in the years ahead . "
Even among its NATO allies , there is nervousness over the international appetite of the United States and its willingness to use all methods to get what it wants .
Publicly , European presidents and prime ministers genuflect obediently before the United States and proclaim eternal friendship .
Privately , among themselves and in " safe " rooms that they hope are not bugged by the CIA , these leaders wonder where , or against whom , the United States will make its next move .
What happens if and when the interests of Europe collide directly with those of the United States ?
Last year the covers of Time and Newsweek ran mug shots of Saddam Hussein .
This year , of Slobodan Milosevic .
Next year , who will it be ?
Whom will CNN proclaim to be the latest international villain , the first " Hitler " of the new century ?
Far more significant than the proclamations of NATO 's solidarity was the announcement by the leaders of 15 European countries , on the very day of Yugoslavia 's capitulation , that they will transform the European Union into an independent military power .
" The union , " they declared in an official statement , " must have the capacity for autonomous action , backed up by credible military forces , the means to decide to use them , and a readiness to do so , in order to respond to international crises without prejudice to actions by NATO . "
Underlying this statement is the conviction of the European leaders that the ability of European capitalism to compete with the United States on a global scale — that is , to survive — depends upon a credible military force that is able to secure and defend its own international interests .
For the European bourgeoisie , it is intolerable that only the United States should have the capacity to deploy military power in pursuit of geopolitical strategic advantages and economic interests .
Thus , the competition among the major imperialist powers is now poised to assume , in the immediate aftermath of the onslaught against Yugoslavia , an overtly militaristic coloration .
Far from representing a humanitarian break with the past , the Balkan War of 1999 signals the virulent resurgence of its most malignant characteristics : the legitimization of the naked use of overwhelming military power against small countries in pursuit of strategic " Big Power " interests , the cynical violation of the principle of national sovereignty and the de facto reestablishment of colonialist forms of subjugation , and the revival of inter- imperialist antagonisms that carry within them the seeds of a new world war .
The demons of imperialism that first arose at the beginning of the 20th century have not been exorcised by the international bourgeoisie .
They still haunt mankind as it enters the twenty - first .
The media and the war against Yugoslavia
Propaganda plays a critical role in all wars .
" Think of the press , " the Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels once said , " as a great keyboard on which the government can play . "
But the scale , technological sophistication and impact of modern - day propaganda exceeds anything that could have been imagined even during the era of World War II .
All the mind - numbing techniques employed by the advertising and entertainment industries find their consummate expression in the " marketing " of war for a mass audience .
The entire sordid enterprise depends upon the effective use of a single emotion - laden phrase that can be relied upon to disorient the public .
In the 1998 - 99 bombing campaign against Iraq , that phrase was " weapons of mass destruction . "
To mobilize public opinion behind the attack on Yugoslavia , all the contradictions , complexities and ambiguities of the Balkans were dissolved into a single phrase that was repeated day after day : " ethnic cleansing . "
The American and international public was bombarded with the same unrelenting message :
The war is being waged to stop mass murder .
The video clips of ethnic Albanian refugees streaming out of Kosovo were broadcast in a manner that left viewers entirely in the dark as to the historical and political context of what they were being shown .
The fact that the loss of life in Kosovo had been relatively small , at least in comparison to communal conflicts occurring in other parts of the world , until after the bombing began was simply glossed over .
As for the actual number of Kosovan Albanians killed directly by Serb military and paramilitary forces , the wild claims by US government and NATO spokesmen , which placed the figure at anywhere between 100,000 and 250,000 , were entirely unsubstantiated and bore no relation to reality .
The comparisons routinely made between the conflict in Kosovo and the Holocaust were obscene .
Those made between Serbia and Nazi Germany were simply absurd .
When the World Court finally issued its politically - motivated indictment of Milosevic , the number of deaths for which he was held officially responsible was 391 .
No one would argue that Milosevic is a humanitarian , but there are people responsible for far more deaths than he , including America 's own Henry Kissinger , who went on to win the Nobel Peace Price .
The entire propaganda campaign seemed at times to be buckling beneath the weight of its own mendacity and inanity .
Still , that there existed any reason for the war , other than the official humanitarian motives claimed by the Clinton administration , was never acknowledged in the American mass media even by those who , in the most timid terms , raised questions about the decision to bomb Yugoslavia .
The media made no effort whatsoever to examine the historical background of the conflict .
Critical issues such as the relationship between the economic policies imposed upon Yugoslavia by the International Monetary Fund and the resurgence of communalist tensions were never discussed publicly .
Nor was there any critical review of the disastrous contribution of German and American policies in the early 1990s — specifically , the recognition of Slovenian , Croatian and Bosnian independence — to the outbreak of civil war in the Balkans .
That the Serbs had any legitimate reason to be dissatisfied with the political and economic consequences of the sudden dissolution of Yugoslavia — a state that had existed since 1918 — was not even mooted .
No explanation was offered by the United States and the Western European powers for the glaring contrast between their attitude toward the territorial claims and ethnic policies of Croatia , Slovenia and Bosnia on the one hand , and toward those of Serbia on the other .
Why , for example , did the United States actively support in 1995 the " ethnic cleansing " by Croatia of 250,000 Serbs living in Krajina province ?
No answer was forthcoming .
As a general rule , the media suppressed all information that lent even the slightest legitimacy to the actions of the Serb government .
The most notorious example of deliberate falsification was the media 's treatment of the proceedings at Rambouillet .
First , it referred continuously to the Serb 's rejection of the Rambouillet agreement — though all those who were familiar with the proceedings understood that there had been neither negotiations nor an agreement at Rambouillet .
What the Serbs rejected was a nonnegotiable ultimatum .
Even more dishonest , the American and Western European media withheld critical information that might have prejudiced public opinion against the attack on Yugoslavia .
The media simply did not report that the " agreement " included an annex that demanded that the Serbs accept the right of NATO forces to move at will , not only through Kosovo but all portions of Yugoslavia .
The significance of this clause was obvious : the United States deliberately confronted Milosevic with an ultimatum that it knew he could not possibly accept .
Even after this information seeped out over the Internet , it was generally ignored in the mass media .
Not until its edition of June 5 , after the capitulation of Serbia , did the New York Times finally report and even quote the crucial codicil .
It even acknowledged that the removal of this codicil from the terms proffered by Chernomyrdin and Ahtisaari was a critical factor in persuading Milosevic to agree to the withdrawal of Serbian troops from Kosovo .
Imperialism and the Balkans
To the extent that the media maintained its monomaniacal focus on the theme of ethnic cleansing , it deterred an examination of the more substantial and essential reasons for the decision of the Clinton administration to launch its assault against Yugoslavia .
Unfortunately , with only a few honorable exceptions , US academic experts in the field of Balkan history and international politics showed little inclination to publicly challenge the propaganda campaign .
Indeed , they lent a degree of intellectual credibility to the US government 's humanitarian posturing by dismissing the very suggestion that any significant material interests were at stake in the Balkans .
As even a cursory study of the region reveals , this is certainly false .
Kosovo is rich in marketable resources .
Finally breaking its long silence on the subject , the New York Times — that pillar of the US State Department — carried an article on June 2 , 1999 , entitled , " The Prize : Issue of Who Controls Kosovo 's Rich Mines . "
It began , " A number of unofficial partition plans have been drawn up for Kosovo , all raising the question of who would control an important northern mining region .
The bombing has made up - to - date production figures difficult to come by .
Experts say the resources include large deposits of coal , along with some nickel , lead , zinc and other minerals . "
Of course , the presence of such resources cannot , in and of itself , provide an adequate explanation for the war .
It would be too great a simplification of complex strategic variables to reduce the decision to launch a war to the presence of certain raw material in the targeted country .
However , the concept of material interests embraces more than immediate financial gains for one or another industry or conglomerate .
The financial and industrial elites of the imperialist countries determine their material interests within the framework of international geopolitical calculations .
There are cases in which a barren strip of land , devoid of intrinsic value in terms of extractable resources , may still be viewed — perhaps due to geographical location or the vagaries of international political relationships and commitments — as a strategic asset of inestimable value .
Gibraltar , which consists mainly of a large rock , is precisely such an asset .
There are other regions which possess such extraordinary intrinsic value — notably the Persian Gulf — that the imperialist powers will stop at nothing to retain control of them .
The Balkans do not float above a sea of oil ; nor is it a barren wasteland .
But its strategic significance has been a constant factor in imperialist power politics .
If only because of its geographic location , either as a critical transit point for Western Europe toward the east , or as a buffer against the expansion of Russia ( and later the USSR ) toward the south , the Balkans played a critical role in the international balance of power .
Events in the Balkans led to the outbreak of World War I because the ultimatum delivered by Austria - Hungary to Serbia in July 1914 ( shades of the US - NATO ultimatum 85 years later ) threatened to destabilize the precarious equilibrium between the major European states .
Throughout the 20th century the attitude of the United States toward the Balkans has been determined by broad international considerations .
During the First World War , President Woodrow Wilson 's decision to champion the right of national self - determination was partly motivated by the desire to utilize the national aspirations of the Balkan people against the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
One of the famous " Fourteen Points " formulated by Wilson as a basis for ending the World War championed the rights of Serbia , including the right of access to the sea ( which is now threatened by the United States ' encouragement of Montenegrin secessionism ) .
After the conclusion of World War II , the deepening confrontation with the Soviet Union was the decisive factor in determining US policy toward the new regime in Belgrade led by Marshal Tito .
The eruption in 1948 of a bitter conflict between Stalin and Tito had a dramatic impact upon Washington 's assessment of Yugoslavia 's role in world affairs .
Viewing Tito 's regime as an obstacle to Soviet expansion via the Adriatic Sea into the Mediterranean ( and , thereby , toward both southern Europe and the Middle East ) , the United States became a determined advocate of Yugoslavia 's unity and territorial integrity .
The dissolution of the Soviet Union altered Washington 's relations with Belgrade .
Without the specter of Soviet expansion , the United States no longer saw any need to retain its commitment to a unified Yugoslav state .
American policy reflected a new set of concerns related to the rapid reorganization of the economies of the former USSR and the Stalinist regimes in Eastern Europe on the basis of capitalistic market principles .
After some initial hesitation , American policy makers were won to the view that the process of economic denationalization and the penetration of Western capital would be facilitated by the breakup of the old centralized state structures that had played so great a role in the Soviet - style bureaucratically - directed economies .
The United States and its Western European allies then proceeded to orchestrate the dismantling of the unitary Yugoslav Federation .
This was done , quite simply , by officially recognizing the republics of the old Federation — beginning with Slovenia , Croatia , and then Bosnia — as independent sovereign states .
The results of this policy were catastrophic .
As Professor Raju G.C. Thomas , a leading expert on the Balkans , has pointed out :
" There were no mass killings taking place in Yugoslavia before the unilateral declaration of independence by Slovenia and Croatia and their subsequent recognition by Germany and the Vatican , followed by the rest of Europe and the United States .
There were no mass killings taking place in Bosnia before the recognition of Bosnia .
Preserving the old Yugoslav state may have proved to be the least of all evils .
Problems began when recognition or pressures to recognize occurred .
The former Yugoslavia had committed no ‘ aggression ' on its neighboring states .
Surely then , the real ‘ aggression ' in Yugoslavia began with the Western recognition of Slovenia and Croatia .
The territorial integrity of a state that was voluntarily created and which had existed since December 1918 was swept aside .
In 1991 , new state recognition policy provided a method of destroying long - standing sovereign independent states .
When several rich and powerful states decide to take a sovereign independent state apart through the policy of recognition , how is this state supposed to defend itself ?
There can be no deterrence or defense against this form of international state destruction .
Indeed , the West led by Germany and later the US dismembered Yugoslavia through the policy of state recognition . " [ 1 ]
The international strategic implications of the dissolution of the USSR provided yet another reason for the United States and NATO to encourage the dismantling of the old Yugoslav Federation .
The United States was anxious to exploit the power vacuum created by the Soviet collapse to rapidly project its power eastward and assert control over the vast untapped reserves of oil and natural gas in the newly - independent Central Asian republics of the old USSR .
Within this new geopolitical environment , the Balkans assumed exceptional strategic importance as a vital logistical staging ground for the projection of imperialist power , particularly that of the United States , toward Central Asia .
Herein lay the ultimate source of the conflict between the United States and the regime of Milosevic .
To be sure , Milosevic was neither opposed to the establishment of a market economy in Yugoslavia nor , for that matter , to the elaboration of a working relationship with the major imperialist powers .
But the dissolution of the Yugoslav Federation , contrary to the initial expectations of Milosevic , worked to the disadvantage of Serbia .
One need not sympathize with the program of Milosevic to recognize that imperialist policies in the Balkans were shot through with a hypocritical double standard that weakened Serbia and endangered the entire Serbian community living in different parts of the old Federation .
While actions taken by Croatian and Bosnian Muslim military forces — which included what came to be known as " ethnic cleansing " — were largely viewed as legitimate measures of national self - defense , those of the Serbs were denounced as intolerable violations of international order .
The logic of Yugoslav dissolution tended to criminalize every measure taken by Serbia to defend its national interests within the new state system .
Recognition of Slovenia , Croatia and Bosnia transformed the Yugoslav army , in the eyes of the imperialist " international community , " into aggressors who threatened the independence and sovereignty of new independent states .
The actions of Serb minorities outside the borders of what remained of the old Federation were likewise viewed as examples of Yugoslav aggression .
To the extent that Serbian dissatisfaction with the result of the carve - up of the Balkan peninsula proved disruptive to the far - reaching strategic aims of American imperialism , it aroused the ire of Washington and led it to conclude that Serbia had to be taught an unforgettable lesson .
The global eruption of US imperialism and the second " American century "
The assault on Yugoslavia was undertaken by the combined forces of NATO .
But in its planning and execution , the war was an American enterprise .
Not even Prime Minister Tony Blair 's somewhat comical impersonation of Margaret Thatcher could conceal the fact that the United States , in the most literal sense , called the shots in this war .
When the first cruise missiles were launched against Yugoslavia on March 24 , it marked the fourth time in less than a year that the United States had bombed a foreign country .
Earlier in the year , in pursuit of Saddam Hussein 's phantom " weapons of mass destruction , " the Clinton administration initiated a ferocious bombing campaign against Iraq .
Indeed , the bombing of Iraq has become by now a permanent and routine feature of American foreign policy .
The record of American military activity during the last 10 years is by any objective standard cause for astonishment and horror .
A country that proclaims ad nauseam its love of peace has been engaged almost continuously in one or another military exercise beyond the borders of the United States .
There have been no less than six major missions involving ground combat and / or bombing — Panama ( 1989 ) , the Persian Gulf I ( 1990 - 91 ) , Somalia ( 1992-93 ) , Bosnia ( 1995 ) , Persian Gulf II ( 1999 ) and Kosovo - Yugoslavia ( 1999 ) .
There has been , in addition , a series of occupations — Haiti ( 1994 - ) , Bosnia ( 1995 - ) and Macedonia ( 1995 - ) .
The number of human beings who have lost their lives as the direct or indirect result of American military actions during the past decade is in the hundreds of thousands .
Naturally , each of these episodes has been presented by the US government and media as benevolent peacemaking .
They are , in reality , objective manifestations of the increasingly militaristic character of American imperialism .
There is an obvious and undeniable connection between the collapse of the Soviet Union and the arrogance and brutality with which the United States has pursued its international agenda throughout the 1990s .
Substantial sections of the American ruling elite have convinced themselves that the absence of any substantial international opponent capable of resisting the United States offers a historically unprecedented opportunity to establish , through the use of military power , an unchallengeable position of global dominance .
Unlike the earlier post - World War II dreams of an " American Century , " which were frustrated by the constraints placed by the existence of the Soviet Union on the global ambitions of the United States , policy makers in Washington and academic think tanks all over the country are arguing that overwhelming military superiority will make the twenty - first century America's .
Unchecked by either external restraints or substantial domestic opposition , the mission of the United States is to remove all barriers to the reorganization of the world economy on the basis of market principles , as interpreted and dominated by American transnational corporations .
It is only necessary , they argue , for the United States to overcome any inclination to squeamishness over the use of military power .
As Thomas Friedman of the New York Times put it shortly after the outbreak of the war against Yugoslavia , " The hidden hand of the market will never work without the hidden fist — McDonald 's cannot flourish without McDonnell Douglas , the builder of the F - 15 .
And the hidden fist that keeps the world safe for Silicon Valley 's technologies is called the United States Army , Air Force , Navy and Marine Corps ....
Without America on duty , there will be no America Online . " [ 2 ]
The Future of War and the Cult of Precision - Guided Munitions
An unabashed and detailed elaboration of this perspective is to be found in a recently - published book , entitled The Future of War , by George and Meredith Friedman .
The basic argument of the Friedmans — who are both specialists in strategic business intelligence — is that America 's arsenal of precision - guided munitions has given it a degree of military superiority that will ensure world dominance for decades , if not centuries , to come .
They write :
" While warfare will continue to dominate and define the international system , the manner in which wars are being waged is undergoing a dramatic transformation , which will greatly enhance American power .
Indeed , the twenty - first century will be defined by the overwhelming and persistent power of the United States .
We are arguing that the rise of American power is not merely another moment in a global system spanning five hundred years but is actually the opening of an entirely new global system .
We are in a profoundly new epoch in which the world that revolved around Europe is being replaced by a world revolving around North America . " [ 3 ]
According to the Friedmans , this world - historical shift in the locus of global power was heralded by the Gulf War of 1991 .
" Something extraordinary happened during Operation Desert Storm , " they proclaim .
" The sheer one - sidedness of the victory , the devastation of the Iraqi Army compared to a handful of casualties on the American side , points to a qualitative shift in military power . "
The reason for the overwhelming character of the American victory was the deployment of precision - guided munitions , the first weapons whose trajectory is not controlled by the laws of gravity and ballistics .
Capable of correcting their own course and homing in on their targets , " precision - guided munitions transformed the statistical foundations of war and with it the calculus of both political and military power . "
The Friedmans declare that the introduction of precision - guided munitions is an innovation that " ranks with the introduction of firearms , the phalanx , and the chariot as a defining moment in human history . "
As Europe " conquered the world with the gun , " the emergence of precision - guided munitions marks the beginning of a new American - dominated epoch of history . [ 4 ]
The Friedmans conclude :
" The twenty - first century will be the American century .
This may seem an odd thing to say , since it is commonly believed that the 20th century was the American century and that , with its end , American preeminence is drawing to a close .
But the period since American intervention determined the outcome of World War I to the present was merely a prologue .
Only the rough outlines of American power have become visible in the last hundred years , not fully formed and always cloaked by transitory problems and trivial challenges — Sputnik , Vietnam , Iran , Japan .
In retrospect , it will be clear that America 's clumsiness and failures were little more than an adolescent 's stumbling — of passing significance and little note . " [ 5 ]
Quite apart from the validity of the Friedmans ' estimate of the historical implications of precision - guided munitions , the fact that their views reflect the thinking of a substantial layer of the policy - making elite in the United States is , by itself , of considerable objective significance .
There is nothing more dangerous than a bad idea whose time has come .
As has already been shown by the decision to confront Yugoslavia with a " surrender or be destroyed " ultimatum , the strategists of American imperialism have convinced themselves that precision - guided munitions have made war an effective , viable and low - risk policy option .
The idea that military force is the decisive factor in history is hardly a new one .
But examined theoretically , it expresses a vulgar and simplistic conception of the real causal relationships in the historical process .
The politics of war and the technology of weaponry are not the essential factors in history .
In reality both of these arise on the basis of and are ultimately determined by more essential socioeconomic factors .
The introduction of a new weapon system can certainly influence the outcome of one or another battle , or even , depending on the circumstances , a war .
But in the broad expanse of history , it is a subordinate and contingent factor .
The United States presently enjoys a " competitive advantage " in the arms industry .
But neither this advantage nor the products of this industry can guarantee world dominance .
Despite the sophistication of its weaponry , the financial - industrial foundation of the United States ' preeminent role in the affairs of world capitalism is far less substantial than it was 50 years ago .
Its share of world production has declined dramatically .
Its international trade deficit increases by billions of dollars every month .
The conception that underlies the cult of precision - guided munitions — that mastery in the sphere of weapons technology can offset these more fundamental economic indices of national strength — is a dangerous delusion .
Moreover , for all their explosive power , the financing , production and deployment of cruise missiles and other " smart " bombs are subject to the laws of the capitalist market and are at the mercy of its contradictions .
The production of these weapons involves extraordinary expense ; and , it should be remembered , their use does not involve the creation of wealth , but rather its destruction .
For years to come , the wealth generated by productive labor will be used to pay off the debts that were accumulated to pay for the building of bombs that were exploded in the Balkans .
We doubt that Madam Albright troubles herself with such subtleties .
Indeed , the infatuation with the " wonders " of weapons technology and the " miracles " they promise is most common among ruling elites who have arrived , whether they know it or not , at a historical dead end .
Bewildered by a complex array of international and domestic socioeconomic contradictions that they hardly understand and for which there are no conventional solutions , they see in weapons and war a means of blasting their way through problems .
When viewed through the prism of practical political relations , the abiding faith in precision - guided munitions appears dangerous and reckless .
No period in history has witnessed so rapid a development of technology .
Each advance , no matter how spectacular , sets the stage for its rapid transcendence by even more extraordinary innovations in design and performance .
The revolutionary advances in communications and information technology guarantee the more or less rapid diffusion of the underlying knowledge and skills upon which precision - guided munitions are based .
The US monopoly of nuclear power — which President Truman and his associates believed , back in 1945 , would form the military foundation of the " American Century " that was promised at the end of World War II — lasted less than five years .
There is no reason to believe that the technology of the new weaponry will remain the exclusive property of the United States .
But even if the United States is able to maintain its leadership in the development of precision - guided munitions , this will not guarantee that the wars of the next decade will prove as bloodless for Americans as those of the 1990s .
The outrages committed by the United States inevitably intensify the pressure felt by those nations that consider themselves threatened to prepare a significant counterblow .
Even in those cases where the costs of developing or purchasing precision - guided munitions technology prove prohibitive , cheaper but very lethal chemical , biological and , let us add , nuclear alternatives will be found .
Russia already possesses ample stockpiles of all these alternatives .
China , India , Pakistan and , of course , Israel also have substantial arsenals of lethal weaponry .
Though the resources of economically backward countries are not sufficient to compete with the US in the sphere of high - tech weaponry , those of Europe and Japan certainly are .
Although they are careful to couch their statements in terms that do not indicate hostility to the United States , European analysts are stressing the need to substantially increase the EU 's military spending .
" Europe 's dependence on the US , " wrote the Financial Times of Britain on June 5 , " has been uncomfortably exposed . "
Stressing the " urgency " of the European Union 's plan to develop its own military program , the FT stated : " It is not that Europe should aim to match the US missile for missile and fighter for fighter .
But it should have the technology , the industrial base and the professional military skills to ensure at least that it can operate side by side with the US rather than as a poor relation . "
Back to the future : imperialism in the 21st century
The first half of the 20th century witnessed the most terrible waste of human life in world history .
It has been estimated that more than 100 million people were killed in the course of World War I ( 1914 - 18 ) and World War II ( 1939 - 45 ) .
The origins of these wars , as the great revolutionary Marxists of the time explained , lay in the fundamental contradictions of world capitalism — between the essentially anarchic character of a market economy based on private ownership of the means of production and the objectively social character of the production process ; between the development of a highly integrated world economy and the national state system within which bourgeois class rule is historically rooted .
The world wars were directly precipitated by conflicts between the ruling classes in different imperialist countries over markets , raw materials and related strategic interests .
The United States emerged out of World War II as the preeminent capitalist power .
Germany , Italy and Japan had been vanquished .
England and France were devastated by the cost of the war .
The old inter-imperialist antagonisms did not disappear , but they were held in check in the face of the Cold War conflict between the US and the Soviet Union .
The collapse of the USSR in 1991 removed the political constraints upon inter-imperialist conflicts .
The competing ambitions of the United States , Europe and Japan cannot be reconciled peacefully forever .
The world of business is one of relentless and ruthless competition .
Conglomerates that , for one or another reason , find it necessary to collaborate on one project today may , depending on the circumstances , be at each other 's throats tomorrow .
The relentless competition among conglomerates on a world scale — the eternal bellum omnium contra omnes ( war of each against all ) — ultimately finds its most developed and lethal expression in open military conflict .
The global integration of production processes does not lessen the conflict among imperialist powers , but , paradoxically , increases it .
As the Friedmans write , for once correctly , " Economic cooperation breeds economic interdependence .
Interdependence breeds friction .
The search for economic advantage is a desperate game that causes nations to undertake desperate actions , a fact that can be demonstrated historically . " [ 6 ]
The increasing frequency of military outbreaks during the 1990s is an objective symptom of an approaching international conflagration .
Both World War I and World War II were preceded by a series of local or regional conflicts .
As the major imperialist powers seek to expand their influence into the regions opened up for capitalist penetration by the collapse of the USSR , the likelihood of conflicts between them increases .
At stake in major disputes — such as those that will inevitably arise over the allocation of booty from the oil of the Caspian and Caucasian regions — will be life - and - death issues of world power and position .
Such issues do not , by their very nature , lend themselves to peaceful resolution .
The basic tendency of imperialism moves inexorably in the direction of a new world war .
The Balkan War and American Public Opinion
Despite all the efforts of the media to manufacture support for the war , the response of the American working class — that is , the overwhelming majority of the population — has been notably reserved .
To be sure , there have been no significant manifestations of opposition to the war .
But neither have there been any substantial displays of popular approval of the assault against Yugoslavia .
In contrast to the unrestrained pro-war enthusiasm displayed by media personalities , the sentiments most commonly expressed by working people have been confusion and apprehension .
The war has not been a popular topic of conversation .
When asked how they feel about the war , working people generally reply that they do not understand what it is really all about .
Naturally , they do not like what they have heard about " ethnic cleansing . "
But at the same time workers suspect that the causes of the fighting within Kosovo and throughout the former Yugoslavia are more complicated than they have been led to believe by the media .
Far from exciting patriotic fervor , the obviously unequal character of the conflict and the impact of American bombs have contributed to the general sense of unease within the broad public .
This assessment is supported by the measures taken by the Clinton administration , with the complicity of the media , to restrict as much as possible news about the death and destruction caused by American bombings .
The decision to bomb the principal Yugoslav television station in Belgrade was taken after its coverage of the first major incidents of NATO bombings with serious loss of civilian life .
In the weeks that followed that bloody event , live coverage by American correspondents of the impact of the intensifying bombardment of Yugoslavia all but ceased .
The televised reports of Brent Sadler , perhaps the last CNN correspondent with a modicum of personal integrity , were brought to a halt .
The administration clearly did not want the public to be too well informed about its use of cluster bombs and other real " weapons of mass destruction " against the Serbian people .
An even more important indication of the Clinton administration 's estimate of the popular mood was its obvious belief that the public was deeply opposed to placing American lives at risk in Yugoslavia .
Certainly , there is nothing particularly edifying about a state of popular consciousness that is prepared to accept the killing of the people of another country as long as it does not cost any American lives .
However , a war for which people are not prepared to accept any degree of sacrifice is not one for which the government can claim deep public support .
It is worth recalling that more than 25,000 American soldiers had already been killed in Vietnam , and several hundred thousand wounded , before public opinion shifted decisively against that war .
There is nothing more intellectually barren and politically superficial than the type of pseudo - radicalism that confuses jargon with analysis and insists on interpreting such a complex and contradictory phenomenon as mass public opinion in naively " revolutionary " terms .
It would be misleading and self - deluding to equate the relative absence of pro-war sentiment — that is , the mood of passive acquiescence that has prevailed throughout the bombing campaign — with a politically - conscious opposition to the imperialist assault on Yugoslavia .
However , it would be no less incorrect to draw pessimistic conclusions from the present confused state of popular consciousness and to discount the very real potential for a change in the political orientation of the working class .
Rather than superficial pessimism or optimism , it is necessary to investigate the objective state of class relations that has conditioned the response of different social strata to the Balkan War .
The financial boom and imperialism 's new constituency
Among the most remarkable features of the attack on Yugoslavia has been the leading role played by individuals who once opposed the Vietnam War and participated in anti-imperialist protest movements .
With the exception of Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain — who had virtually no political history until he was selected by Rupert Murdoch to head the Labour Party — all the other major leaders of NATO 's war would have claimed , earlier in their lives , to be opponents of imperialism .
President Clinton , as everyone knows , avoided the draft , puffed marijuana , and publicly proclaimed his hatred of the US military .
Javier Solana , the social democrat who had opposed the entry of Spain into NATO , is now the general secretary of the military alliance .
The German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder spouted Marxist phrases as leader of the Social - Democratic youth movement and opposed the deployment of Pershing missiles only 15 years ago .
Joschka Fisher , his foreign minister , headed a group of self - styled revolutionary street fighters in the 1970s , and later , as a leader of the Green Party , proclaimed his intransigent commitment to pacifism .
A recent portrait of the German foreign minister , published by the New York Times , reported that " Joschka Fisher vociferously defends the very policies he once denounced , infuriating the fundamentalists in his own Green Party . "
Massimo D'Alema , Italy 's prime minister , led the Communist Party before it was transformed into the Democratic Party of the Left .
The political history of these individuals is not merely a confirmation of the well - known French adage , " Before 30 a revolutionary ; afterwards a swine . "
It typifies , rather , the evolution of a broad social layer in contemporary bourgeois society .
The social structure and class relations of all the major capitalist countries have been deeply affected by the stock market boom that began in the early 1980s .
Perpetually rising share values , especially the explosion in market valuations since 1995 , have given a significant section of the middle class — especially among the professional elite — access to a degree of wealth they could not have imagined at the outset of their careers .
Those who have actually grown rich comprise a relatively small percentage of the population .
But in numerical terms , the " newly rich " represent a substantial and politically powerful social stratum .
Capitalist governments devote much of their time and energy to satisfying its expanding appetites and ever more exotic tastes .
Virtually freed from all conventional worries about personal budgets and available cash , the newly rich enjoy a level of opulence in their personal lives that the overwhelming mass of the population knows of only through movies , television and popular magazines .
The New York Times recently carried an interesting study of an important new trend in the United States real estate market : " The million - dollar mansion — or multimillion - dollar mansion , in some cities — is emerging as a high - profile badge of the gilded late 1990's , not just in the traditional pockets of wealth , but also in Middle American cities like Memphis where such homes have been rare . "
These mansions , the Times noted , " are emblematic of an economic divide : the wealth generated in the boom that began in late 1995 , while touching many people , has gone disproportionately and in huge quantities to the richest 5 percent of the nation 's households .
They have pocketed most of the gain from the stock market run-up , which has created thousands of multimillionaires overnight .
And they have conspicuously channeled a big chunk of their gains into mansions . "
Citing a study by New York University economist Edward N. Wolff , the New York Times reports that " Rarely in history has there been such a rapid minting of rich people ....
While the number of American households rose by 3 percent over the three - year period , the number of million - dollar households jumped 36.6 percent .
Make the wealth cutoff $ 10 million or more , and 275,000 households qualified in 1998 , up from 190,000 in 1995 , a 44.7 percent increase . "
The other side of this process is the deterioration of the economic position of the overwhelming majority of the American people during the same period .
" From his analysis of Federal Reserve data , " writes the New York Times , " Mr. Wolff gleans another insight :
While net worth grew for the richest 10 percent of the nation 's households in recent years , the remaining 90 percent lost ground . " [ 7 ]
The account cited is only one snapshot of the social inequality that is ubiquitous in contemporary America .
The widening social chasm within American society is fast approaching — if it has not already been reached — the point at which even the pretense of a broad - based social consensus , rooted in core democratic values , cannot be maintained .
This situation is not only a product of the sheer scale of the difference between the average annual income of the top 10 percent of the population and that of everyone else .
The specific character of the wealth - generating process — that is , enrichment through rising share values — quite naturally produces social and political attitudes that are of a deeply anti-working class and pro-imperialist character .
The policies which have made possible the explosive rise in share values — the relentless pressure on wage levels , the constant demands for greater productivity , the massive cuts in social expenditures , the relentless use of " downsizing " to maintain high levels of corporate profitability — have undermined the social position of the working class in the United States .
The international consequences of the policies that have sent the Dow Jones and NASDAQ averages skyrocketing have been , for the vast majority of the world 's people who live in the less - developed countries , deeply tragic .
The stock market boom has been fueled and sustained , above all , by the deflationary ( or disinflationary ) environment that has depended on the protracted decline of commodity prices for raw materials .
The decline has not been simply the product of objective economic processes , but of ruthless policies pursued by the major imperialist powers to undermine the ability of " third world " producers to raise commodity prices .
The successful destruction of the pricing power of the OPEC oil cartel — in which the Gulf War of 1990 - 91 played a major role — is the most significant example of the relationship between the accumulation of wealth in the imperialist countries and the intensifying exploitation of the less - developed countries .
Those in the advanced countries whose wealth is based on rising share values have benefited directly from this process .
This does not , of course , mean that every individual who has invested in the stock market is a supporter of imperialist policies .
But it is impossible to deny the broad social and political implications of these objective economic processes and relationships .
In the midst of World War I , Lenin noted the link between the superprofits extracted by imperialism from the colonies and the political corruption of a section of the middle class and the labor bureaucracy .
While the economic conditions and international relations of 1999 are certainly not identical to those of 1916 , an analogous social process has been at work .
The objective modus operandi and social implications of the protracted stock market boom have enabled imperialism to recruit from among sections of the upper - middle - class a new and devoted constituency .
The reactionary , conformist and cynical intellectual climate that prevails in the United States and Europe — promoted by the media and adapted to by a largely servile and corrupted academic community — reflects the social outlook of a highly privileged stratum of the population that is not in the least interested in encouraging a critical examination of the economic and political bases of its newly - acquired riches .
The state of the American and international labor movement
The growing chasm between the privileged strata that comprise capitalism 's ruling elite and the broad mass of working people denotes an objectively high level of social and class tensions .
It may appear that this assessment is contradicted by the absence of militant labor activism in the United States .
But the low level of strike activity and other forms of mass social protest do not indicate social stability .
Rather , the fact that the last decade has seen so few open manifestations of class conflict , despite rapidly growing social inequality , suggests that the existing political and social institutions of the US have become unresponsive to the accumulating discontent of the working class .
Established social organizations such as the trade unions no longer function even in a limited way as conduits of popular grievances .
The Democratic and Republican parties , which have virtually no direct contact with the popular masses , do not even acknowledge , let alone propose , solutions to the basic problems of working class life .
The longer the grievances of the working class are ignored and repressed , the more explosive they ultimately become .
At some point social tension , as it approaches " critical mass , " must erupt on the surface of society .
The protracted decline and demise of the American trade union movement is one of the most fundamental changes in the social life of the United States during the last two decades .
As recently as the 1960s , the Johnson administration could not conduct the Vietnam War without constantly taking into account the impact of its policies on the working class .
President Lyndon Johnson resisted demands from the Federal Reserve and representatives of big business that he meet the rising costs of the war by cutting the level of social expenditures .
He feared that austerity policies would further intensify the already high levels of class conflict and social disorder .
In 1971 the Nixon administration attempted to resist workers ' demands for better living conditions by establishing a pay board and an annual 5.5 percent limit on wage increases .
To give a sense of the social climate of that era , let us recall that even a man like George Meany — the septuagenarian president of the AFL - CIO , who was viewed as the most right - wing figure in the American labor movement — denounced Nixon 's efforts to control wages as " the first step towards fascism . "
Subsequently Meany , despite his rhetoric , agreed to collaborate with the pay board .
However , in the face of overwhelming popular opposition and a mounting wave of strikes , Meany was compelled to quit the pay board and Nixon 's wage control scheme collapsed .
Beginning in the 1970s , however , a combination of economic and political developments fundamentally altered to the advantage of the American ruling class the domestic and international environment within which it operated .
First , the major international economic recessions of 1973 - 75 and 1979 - 81 brought to an end the long post - World War II boom .
Against the backdrop of rising unemployment — which the government promoted by raising interest rates to unprecedented levels — the corporations seized the opportunity to launch a sustained offensive against the trade unions .
The signal for this attack came in August 1981 , when President Ronald Reagan fired 11,000 striking air traffic controllers .
Despite mass popular support for the controllers — which found expression in an anti-Reagan demonstration of 500,000 workers in Washington , DC , in September 1981 — the AFL - CIO took no action to force the rehiring of the strikers .
A pattern that would continue throughout the 1980s and into the 1990s was established .
The union bureaucracy , which had long viewed rank - and - file militancy as a threat to its own privileged position , welcomed the defeats as an opportunity to deepen its direct collaboration with the employers .
By the end of the 1980s , after an unbroken series of defeats in one industry after another , the trade unions had ceased to function as genuine defensive organizations of the working class in any meaningful sense of the term .
Strikes , until the mid-1980s a persistent and explosive feature of American social life , fell year after year to record low levels .
Wage cuts and mass layoffs , which had been traditionally met with bitter resistance , became commonplace throughout US industry .
Notwithstanding certain historical weaknesses of the American labor movement that made it exceptionally vulnerable to attack — such as its lack of independent political organization , the absence of any substantial socialist tendency , the generally low level of class consciousness and , last but not least , the disgusting extent of the corruption and gangsterism of the labor bureaucracy — the collapse of the trade unions in the United States was part of a broader international phenomenon .
All over the world the old political parties and trade unions of the working class entered into a terminal crisis from the mid-1980s on .
What was the essential objective cause of this worldwide process of decay ?
The Emergence of the transnational corporation
The global recessions of the 1970s and early 1980s led to a fundamental change in the basic forms of capitalist production .
While there had been an immense growth in international trade following the end of World War II , the process of production proceeded , for the most part , within a national framework .
While the multinational corporation did business in many countries , its manufacturing facilities operated on a national basis .
For example , a US corporation , like Ford or General Motors , would have manufacturing facilities in different countries .
But these facilities were intended to build products for the market of the country in which they were located .
The revolutionary developments in transportation and computerized communications technologies made possible an historic change in the organization and techniques of capitalist production .
The multinational form of corporate organization was transcended by the transnational corporation .
The essential significance of this change was that it had become possible to organize and coordinate manufacturing and services on a directly international basis .
Nourished by massive daily movements of both capital and information , transnational corporations were able for the first time to establish globally integrated production systems .
This allowed them to bypass the labor force in their " national homeland " and effectively exploit regional and continental differences in wage levels and social benefits .
None of the existing mass organizations of the working class were either prepared for or capable of developing an effective response to the revolutionary advances in technology and their far - reaching impact on the capitalist mode of production .
Regardless of their official titles and formal political affiliations — whether they called themselves Socialist , Communist , Labor , or , as in the United States , openly proclaimed their loyalty to capitalism and the parties of big business — the old labor organizations based themselves on the national state as the unalterable framework of production .
Assuming the eternal dependence of capitalist corporations on the directly available national labor force , the trade unions believed their own position to be impregnable .
To the extent that they controlled the national supply of labor , they would retain in perpetuity the ability to extract concessions from the employers .
The entire reformist ideology of the labor movement was based on this complacent nationalist perspective .
This national reformist perspective was ultimately rooted in the material interests of the bureaucracy .
Therefore , the collapse of this perspective did not undermine in the least the bureaucracy 's loyalty and subservience to capitalism .
Rather , the bureaucracy devoted its energies to preserving its own privileges within the national state by attempting to force the working class to accept a lower standard of living .
The Collapse of the USSR
The disintegration of the Soviet Communist Party ( CPSU ) and the collapse of the USSR were only the most extreme and explosive manifestations of the breakdown of the old bureaucratic and reformist parties of the working class .
Of course , the Soviet Union represented a far greater historical achievement of the international working class than the trade unions of Western Europe and the United States .
The CPSU held state power and ruled on the basis of the nationalized property forms that had been created in the aftermath of the October Revolution of 1917 .
But despite this significant difference , the program and ideology of the ruling Stalinist bureaucracy — which had long before usurped political power from the working class and exterminated the entire generation of Marxists who had led the socialist revolution — was essentially the same , in two fundamental respects , as that of the labor bureaucracies in the advanced capitalist countries .
First , the official Soviet doctrine of " peaceful coexistence " was the Kremlin 's version of the class collaboration practiced by the labor bureaucracies in the West .
Contrary to the hysterical propaganda of the American media , Marxism played no role whatsoever in the policies of the Stalinist leaders of the USSR .
The attitude of the typical Soviet bureaucrat toward the very possibility of revolutionary upheavals — both beyond and within the borders of the USSR — was a combination of personal fear and political revulsion .
Desiring nothing so much as to enjoy in peace the luxuries to which their positions in the bureaucracy entitled them , the Stalinist leaders sought not the overthrow of world imperialism but an accommodation to it .
Second , the economic and social program administered by the bureaucracy was a peculiar version of the nationalism practiced by their reformist counterparts in Western Europe .
The so - called " socialism " espoused by the Kremlin regime based itself mainly on the resources available within the USSR .
The Stalinist bureaucracy aspired to nothing more ambitious than a Soviet version of a national welfare state .
The basic fallacy of this program was that the development of the Soviet economy depended , in the final analysis , upon the resources of the world economy and its international division of labor .
It was not possible to maintain on the basis of national self - sufficiency a viable social welfare state , let alone an advanced socialist society .
The introduction of globally - integrated production widened the gap between the advanced capitalist countries and the Soviet Union .
The problem was not merely technological : there was simply no place in the Stalinist system for transnational forms of production .
Even between the USSR and the Stalinist regimes of Eastern Europe , economic relations remained on an extremely primitive level .
By the time Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in 1985 , he had no better answers for the challenge posed by the globalization of capitalist production than his opposite numbers in the bureaucracies of the American and Western European labor movements .
All his desperate efforts to improvise a solution to the deepening social and political problems came to naught .
The catastrophic Stalinist experiment with " socialism in one country " — which had from the beginning represented a repudiation of the principles of socialist internationalism upon which the October Revolution had been based — came to a disastrous end with the dissolution of the Soviet Union in December 1991 .
A crisis of leadership and perspective
The present political disorientation of the working class is much better understood when placed in the context of the global economic transformations , political catastrophes and organizational collapses of the last two decades .
Imagine an army of soldiers surrounded on all sides by powerful enemies .
In the midst of battle its leaders have deserted , taking with them arms and supplies .
The working class finds itself in an analogous position .
It has been betrayed by the parties and organizations to which it had given its support and upon which it had relied .
Complicating matters is the fact that the worthlessness of its old organizations and leaders is not merely a matter of subjective errors and personal corruption .
Rather , it is deeply rooted in objective economic processes that have dramatically affected the mode of production and class relations .
Therefore , what the working class requires is not merely a change of faces in the old organizations — or , to be more precise , in what is left of them .
There is no " kiss of life " that can resuscitate the moribund and reactionary bureaucratic trade union and political organizations of the past .
The sooner they are kicked aside , the better .
What the working class now requires is a new revolutionary international organization , whose strategy , perspective and program correspond to the objective tendencies of world economy and historical development .
There are , we know very well , legions of pessimists who are convinced that there exists no possibility whatsoever of building such an international revolutionary movement .
One might note that the most incorrigible of these pessimists are to be found precisely among those who not so long ago placed full confidence in the trade unions and believed deeply in the permanence of the USSR .
Yesterday they were convinced that bureaucratically administered reformism would last forever .
Today they believe with no less conviction in the eternal triumph of capitalist reaction .
But underlying the giddy optimism of yesterday and the demoralized pessimism of today is a certain type of intellectual and political superficiality , whose characteristic features are an unwillingness and inability to examine events within the necessary historical framework , and a disinclination to investigate the contradictions that underlie the highly misleading surface appearance of social stability .
There are other characteristics — especially among those who draw their paychecks from university bursars — that contribute to and aggravate these intellectual weaknesses , namely , a certain lack of personal courage , integrity , and simple honesty .
Confidence in the revolutionary role of the working class and the objective possibility of socialism is not a matter of faith , but of theoretical insight into the objective laws of capitalist development and knowledge of history — particularly that of the 20th century .
The last 99 and a half years have seen no shortage of revolutionary struggles of the working class — Russian , German , Spanish , Portuguese , Greek , Chinese , Chilean , Argentinean , Vietnamese , Hungarian , Austrian , South African , Ceylonese and , yes , American .
This short list is far from complete .
What then , is the objective basis for a resurgence of revolutionary struggle by the working class as we enter the twenty - first century ?
Paradoxically , the very changes in the objective processes of world capitalism that contributed to the disorientation and weakening of the working class during the last two decades have laid the foundation for a renewal of open class struggle , but on a far broader basis than was previously possible .
The principal weakness of the previous forms of class struggle lay in their national insularity .
Even where the international unity of the proletariat was proclaimed and celebrated , objective conditions worked against the development of the class struggle as a unified international process .
But the possibility of transcending this limitation is present in the process of globally - integrated production .
This development of capitalism not only confronts the working class with the objective necessity of conducting its struggles on an international basis ; the economic transformations have also created the objective means of effecting this international unity .
First , the activities of the transnational corporations and the fluidity of global capital movements have led to an immense growth of the working class on an international scale .
In countries and regions where , only 30 years ago , there hardly existed a working class , the proletariat has since emerged as a mass force .
The proletariat of East Asia , which comprised a mere fraction of the region 's population only a generation ago , now numbers in the tens of millions .
Second , the communications technology that underlies transnational production will inevitably facilitate the coordination of the class struggle — both in terms of strategy and logistics — on a global scale .
Internationalism and nationalism
The impediments to the globalization of the class struggle and the international unification of the working class are less of a technical than of a political and ideological character .
The protracted crisis of the international workers movement found perhaps its most reactionary political reflection in the upsurge of nationalism .
The loss of political confidence in the revolutionary capacities of the working class and the prospects of socialist revolution contributed to a resurgence of nationalist programs and ideologies .
In many cases , the historically retrograde character of this tendency was disguised by the pseudo - left demagogy of " national self - determination " and " national liberation . "
Seeking to evade the difficult task of combating all forms of chauvinism — whether based on language , religion or ethnicity — and effecting the unity of all sections of the working class within countries with heterogeneous populations , innumerable petty - bourgeois tendencies have chosen instead to base themselves on one or another national community .
The cynical and largely ignorant use of Marxist jargon does not change the fact that the essential content of their policy has been the elevation of national or ethnic identity above class consciousness and , flowing from this , the subordination of the objective interests of the working class to the political and financial interests of the national bourgeoisie and petty bourgeoisie .
There is reason to believe that the high tide of the nationalist resurgence may have already been reached .
Indeed , the impact of the events in Yugoslavia must contribute to undermining the prestige of nationalism and the political credibility of the demand for self - determination .
The horrors of the inter-communal conflicts that have ravaged the Balkans have exposed the reactionary implications of nationalism .
What has been achieved by the dissolution of Yugoslavia ?
The sordid machinations of Milosevic in Serbia , Tudjman in Croatia , Kucan in Slovenia and Izetbegovic in Bosnia have cost the lives of tens of thousands , and for what ?
The entire economic and cultural level of the Balkans has been lowered immeasurably .
" Independent " Bosnia is a miserable imperialist protectorate .
" Independent " Croatia lives off whatever crumbs the imperialists are willing to throw it .
Serbia has been devastated .
And as for Kosovo , it has been divided into several zones of occupation .
Its " national liberation movement , " the KLA , has no future except as the designated gendarmerie of the United States .
All of the national and religious communities have been victimized by the civil wars .
All the events surrounding the dissolution of Yugoslavia stand as a bitter indictment of nationalism .
There is yet another aspect of the Yugoslav experience from which the international working class will be compelled to draw lessons .
The one - sided nature of the military conflict will serve to undermine the myths that have surrounded the perspective of wars of national liberation — i.e. , that the defeat of imperialism is to be achieved principally on the basis of military conflict , rather than through the methods of world socialist revolution .
Petty - bourgeois radical romanticists were enraptured by the Guevarist perspective on " One , two , many Vietnams . "
That delusion has turned into " One , two , many Iraqs . "
And what about Vietnam ?
For all the heroic sacrifices of the Vietnamese masses , their wars of national liberation , spanning 30 years , did not free them from imperialist domination .
Nearly 25 years after the capture of Saigon , the IMF is able to exert more influence over the policies of Hanoi than Nixon and Kissinger ever could with American B -52s .
As long as there is imperialism , there will be armed struggles conducted by oppressed nations .
But the basic and decisive form of the struggle against imperialism is the revolutionary political struggle of the working class .
Within this framework , to emphasize the immense historical importance of the class struggle in the advanced capitalist countries — above all , within the United States — does not suggest any degree of arrogance or disdain toward the workers and oppressed masses in the less developed countries .
Rather , it flows from a realistic appraisal of the international balance of class forces and an understanding of the explosive character of the social contradictions within the imperialist centers .
Those who deny the possibility of socialist revolution in the United States are not only denying , as a practical matter , the possibility of socialism anywhere .
They are actually abandoning any hope for the future of mankind .
However complex the interaction of world struggles and however unpredictable the actual sequence of events , there can be no doubt that their final outcome will be decisively influenced by the development of the class struggle in the United States .
For the present , it is an undeniable social fact that the level of political consciousness within the American working class is very low .
Let it be said , however , that this is not a failing that is only to be observed among the workers .
Consciousness is influenced by events — not only for the worse but also for the better .
The underlying contradictions of American society will , in the final analysis , result in profound and , for many , unexpected changes in mass consciousness .
Nowhere is it written that the social tensions that are so deeply embedded in the structure of American class relations can only express themselves in such tragic and demented forms as the shooting at Columbine High School .
These tensions can and will find more humane , democratic and revolutionary forms of expression .
The role of the World Socialist Web Site
The advent of globally integrated production has , as we have already explained , created not only the objective conditions for the international political unification of the working class , but also the means .
The extraordinary advances in computerized communications technology — above all , the creation of the World Wide Web — have the most far - reaching historical implications for the development of the class struggle .
In a manner and at a speed that could hardly have been imagined even at the start of this decade , the innumerable obstacles that limited communications between socialist and progressive political tendencies among intellectuals , students and workers have been swept away .
The monopoly of the capitalist media over the dissemination of information has been gravely weakened .
The possibility of reaching a mass audience is now available .
The Yugoslav war revealed the enormous potential and political significance of the Internet .
Even after Yugoslav television broadcast facilities were bombed , information about the impact of NATO attacks continued to reach an international audience via the Internet .
Many critical pieces of information , such as the secret annex to the Rambouillet agreement , found their way to an international audience because of this remarkable communications technology .
In February 1998 the International Committee of the Fourth International founded the World Socialist Web Site ( www.wsws.org).
We recognized in this technology the potential to present to a broad international audience , on a daily basis , a Marxist analysis of world events .
We were convinced that the WSWS could play a decisive role in the development of that which has been lacking for so many decades — a genuine international Marxist political culture .
What was needed , we believed , was not simplistic slogans and jargon , but a serious examination of events .
The long history of our tendency — whose origins date back to the struggle conducted by Leon Trotsky against the Stalinist perversion of Marxism and its betrayal of the October Revolution — provided the necessary intellectual substance to sustain daily commentary .
Confident in the strength of our ideas , we were anxious to encourage a dialogue with readers reflecting a wide range of viewpoints .
We continue to believe that such a discussion will facilitate a crystallization of socialists from all over the world around a genuinely internationalist revolutionary program .
The experiences of the past year have demonstrated the importance of the work that has been undertaken by the World Socialist Web Site to thousands of readers in dozens of countries .
In the aftermath of the war against Yugoslavia , there will be an even greater and more urgent need for political discussion and theoretical clarification .
The editorial board of the WSWS calls on its readers to participate in this discussion , to do everything in their power to extend the influence of the World Socialist Web Site , and in this way lay the foundations for the growth of the World Party of Socialist Revolution .
Notes :
1. " Nations , States and War , " in The South Slav Conflict , edited by Raju G.C. Thomas and H. Richard Friman ( New York and London : 1996 ) , p. 225 .
2. New York Times , March 28 , 1999 .
3. The Future of War : Power , Technology & American World Dominance in the 21st Century ( New York : Crown Publishers , 1996 ) , p. ix .
4. Ibid . , p. x .
5. Ibid . , p. 1 .
6. Ibid . , p. 4 .
7. New York Times , June 6 , 1999 .
HUMAN TRAFFICKING :
Total value of the global slave trade :
$ 31 billion
Number of people enslaved today :
27 million
Price traffickers receive for a trafficked woman in Turkey :
$ 2,500
Price of an hour with a woman from the Emporer 's Club V. I. P. , the online prostitution ring frequented by former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer :
$ 5,500
DRUGS :
Price of one kilogram of cocaine in Colombia , South America :
$ 1,500
Price of one kilogram of cocaine in Miami :
$ 30,000
Chances that a U.S. one - dollar bill contains traces of cocaine :
4 in 5
Percent of total world trade accounted for by the illegal drug industry :
8
Ratio of opium production in Afghanistan from 2005 to 2007 :
2:1
Percent of worldwide heroin production accounted for by Afghanistan :
92
ARMS :
Barter rate for an AK - 47 in Kenya in 1986 :
10 cows
Barter rate for an AK - 47 in Kenya in 2001 :
2 cows
Total value of illegal small arms and light weapons trade :
$ 1 billion
Percent of global weapons sales accounted for by the U.S. :
36
Ratio of guns to people on the planet :
1:10
Ratio of guns to people in the U.S .
9:10
ART :
Reward for stolen painting by Vermeer :
$ 5 million
Total value of the black market in art :
$ 6 billion
Number of pieces of art stolen in the U.S. in 2006 :
14 , 981
Number of pieces of art stolen in the U.S in 2007 :
16 , 117
- Lapham 's Quarterly , ( " Crimes & Punishments " Vol. II , Number 2 , Spring 2009 .
Image : Screenshot - " Les Dames du Bois de Boulogne , " starring MariaCasares , directed by Robert Bresson , 1945 ) .
So
Google Trends
listed " kromked.net " in the top 5 searches , and I got several Facebook messages urging me to visit .
Being a curious sort , I ran a
whois
query on kromked .
net :
Domain name : kromked.net
Name servers :
ns1.nameself.com
ns2.nameself.com
Registrar : Regtime Ltd .
Creation date : 2009-04-30
Expiration date : 2010-04-30
Registrant :
Liza Doblex
Email : doblexliza@gmail.com
Organization : private person
Address : Garilda ave 13-33
City : New York
State : NY
ZIP : 13512
Country : US
Phone : +1.8121291341
Administrative Contact :
Liza Doblex
Email : doblexliza@gmail.com
Organization : private person
Address : Garilda ave 13-33
City : New York
State : NY
ZIP : 13512
Country : US
Phone : +1.8121291341
Technical Contact :
Liza Doblex
Email : doblexliza@gmail.com
Organization : private person
Address : Garilda ave 13-33
City : New York
State : NY
ZIP : 13512
Country : US
Phone : +1.8121291341
Billing Contact :
Liza Doblex
Email : doblexliza@gmail.com
Organization : private person
Address : Garilda ave 13-33
City : New York
State : NY
ZIP : 13512
Country : US
Phone : +1.8121291341
Odd that a site registered today would be so popular , eh ?
Well , turns out it 's a phishing site .
So do n't go there .
~ Jeff
A facility has opened at a Leicestershire council for abused women and men who are not ready to contact police about their problems .
The " In Safe Hands " room has been set up at Blaby District Council offices in Narborough and will help domestic violence victims with advice .
The council 's community safety team said it would make a big difference to those who needed " a private space " .
Anyone who uses the facility can also have their injuries photographed .
' Avenue for support '
Teresa
Neal from the district council said people were not always ready to go straight to the police with their concerns .
She said it was a confidential service that gave them " another avenue for support " .
Outreach workers will be able to hold one - to - one confidential sessions as well as group meetings in the new facility .
Any information taken from victims of abuse can be used in court later if any action is taken .
Councillor Gary Sanders said : " Sadly we know from experience that many survivors of domestic abuse can suffer for many years before talking to someone about it , perhaps because they are unsure of what help is out there . "
Some of your favorite foods may be fakes .
Foods masquerading as something else - a more nutritious something else - have been big news in the past two years .
Chinese food companies in particular have been blamed for making deadly alterations to dairy , baby and pet foods by adding melamine .
The chemical makes it appear that the food or beverage has the required level of protein .
But what about food producers in this country ?
What fraudulent foods do U.S. consumers have to fear from American companies ?
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Experts say dangerous U.S. - produced foods are comparatively few , but producers have been known to practice " economic adulteration " - adding a little to their bottom line by padding , thinning or substituting something cheap for something expensive .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration regulate the food industry , but with safety issues to deal with , economic adulteration has " really been back - burnered , " says Bruce Silverglade of the non-profit Center for Science in the Public Interest .
So in a caveat emptor world , what should consumers look out for ?
Full story : http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/2009-01-19-fake-foods...
We have gone demented .
Two Britons are or were ( not very ) ill from flu .
" This could really explode , " intones a reporter for BBC News .
" London warned : it 's here , " cries the Evening Standard .
Fear is said to be spreading " like a Mexican wave " .
It " could affect " three - quarters of a million Britons .
It " could cost " three trillion dollars .
The " danger " , according to the radio , is that workers who are not ill will be " worried " ( perhaps by the reporter ) and fail to turn up at power stations and hospitals .
Appropriately panicked , on Monday ministers plunged into their Cobra bunker beneath Whitehall to prepare for the worst .
Had Tony
Blair been about they would have worn germ warfare suits .
British government is barking mad .
What is swine flu ?
It is flu , a mutation of the H1N1 virus of the sort that often occurs .
It is not a pandemic , despite the media prefix , not yet .
The BBC calls it a " potentially terrible virus " , but any viral infection is potentially terrible .
Flu makes you feel ill .
You should take medicine and rest .
You will then get well again , unless you are very unlucky or have some complicating condition .
It is best to avoid close contact with other people , as applies to a common cold .
In Mexico , 2,000 people have been diagnosed as suffering swine flu .
Some 150 of them have died , though there is said to be no pathological indication of all these deaths being linked to the new flu strain .
People die all the time after catching flu , especially if not medicated .
Nobody anywhere else in the world has died from this infection and only a handful have the new strain confirmed , most in America and almost all after returning from Mexico .
A couple from Airdrie who caught the flu on holiday in Cancun are getting better .
That tends to happen to people who get flu , however much it may disappoint editors .
We appear to have lost all ability to judge risk .
The cause may lie in the national curriculum , the decline of " news " or the rise of blogs and concomitant , unmediated hysteria , but people seem helpless in navigating the gulf that separates public information from their daily round .
They can not set a statistic in context .
They cannot relate bad news from Mexico to the risk that inevitably surrounds their lives .
The risk of catching swine flu must be millions to one .
Health scares are like terrorist ones .
Someone somewhere has an interest in it .
We depend on others with specialist knowledge to advise and warn us and assume they offer advice on a dispassionate basis , using their expertise to assess danger and communicating it in measured English .
Words such as possibly , potentially , could or might should be avoided .
They are unspecific qualifiers and open to exaggeration .
The World Health Organisation , always eager to push itself into the spotlight , loves to talk of the world being " ready " for a flu pandemic , apparently on the grounds that none has occurred for some time .
There is no obvious justification for this scaremongering .
I suppose the world is " ready " for another atomic explosion or another 9/11 .
Professional expertise is now overwhelmed by professional log-rolling .
Risk aversion has trounced risk judgment .
An obligation on public officials not to scare people or lead them to needless expense is overridden by the yearning for a higher budget or more profit .
Health scares enable media - hungry doctors , public health officials and drugs companies to benefit by manipulating fright .
On Monday the EU health commissioner , Androulla Vassiliou , advised travellers not to go to north or central America " unless it 's very urgent " .
The British Foreign Office warned against " all but essential " travel to Mexico because of the danger of catching flu .
This was outrageous .
It would make more sense to proffer such a warning against the American crime rate .
Yet such health - and - safety hysteria wiped millions from travel company shares .
During the BSE scare of 1995 - 7 , grown men with medical degrees predicted doom , terrifying ministers into mad politician disease .
The scientists ' hysteria , that BSE " has the potential to infect up to 10 million Britons " , led to tens of thousands of cattle being fed into power stations and £ 5bn spent on farmers ' compensation .
A year later , the scientists tried to maintain that BSE " might " spread to sheep because , according to one government scientist , " the absence of evidence is not evidence of absence " .
The meat industry was wrecked and an absurd ongoing cost was imposed on stock farmers with the closure and concentration of abattoirs .
This science - based insanity was repeated during the Sars outbreak of 2003 , asserted by Dr Patrick Dixon , formerly of the London Business School , to have " a 25 % chance of killing tens of millions " .
The press duly headlined a plague " worse than Aids " .
Not one Briton died .
The same lunacy occurred in 2006 with avian flu , erupting after a scientist named John Oxford declared that " it will be the first pandemic of the 21st century " .
The WHO issued a statement that " one in four Britons could die " .
Epidemiologists love the word " could " because it can always assure them of a headline .
During the avian flu mania , Canada geese were treated like Goering 's bombers .
RSPB workers were issued with protective headgear .
The media went berserk , with interviewers asking why the government did not close all schools " to prevent up to 50,000 deaths " .
The Today programme 's John Humphrys became frantic when a dead goose flopped down on an isolated Scottish beach and a hapless local official refused to confirm the BBC 's hysteria .
The bird might pose no threat to Scotland , but how dare he deny London journalists a good panic ?
Meanwhile a real pestilence , MRSA and C difficile , was taking hold in hospitals .
It was suppressed by the medical profession because it appeared that they themselves might be to blame .
These diseases have played a role in thousands of deaths in British hospitals - the former a reported 1,652 and the latter 8,324 in 2007 alone .
Like deaths from alcoholism , we have come to regard hospital - induced infection as an accident of life , a hazard to which we have subconsciously adjusted .
MRSA and C difficile are not like swine flu , an opportunity for public figures to scare and posture and spend money .
They are diseases for which the government is to blame .
They claim no headlines and no Cobra priority .
Their sufferers must crawl away and die in silence .
simon.jenkins@theguardian.com
Wizard Book n. Hal Abelson's , Jerry Sussman 's and Julie Sussman 's Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs ( MIT Press , 1984 ; ISBN 0-262-01077-1 ) , an excellent computer science text used in introductory courses at MIT .
So called because of the wizard on the jacket .
One of the bibles of the LISP / Scheme world .
Also , less commonly , known as the Purple Book .
from The New Hacker 's Dictionary , 2nd edition
( MIT Press , 1993 )
This site is a companion to the influential computer - science text Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs , by Abelson , Sussman , and Sussman .
Its purpose is to demonstrate the Web 's potential to be a channel for innovative support for textbook users .
The material on this site is aimed at instructors using SICP as a course text , and at people using the book for self - study .
Currently at this site you will find :
Comments or questions Contact Us .
Orc in 15 Minutes
Introduction ( top )
In this tutorial you will learn the basic concepts of Orc through a series of interactive examples .
When you see a code example with a run button , click it to run the program .
The results of the program will be printed below it .
The demos run on our server so you may experience some network delay .
Sites ( top )
The fundamental unit of computation in an Orc program is called a site .
Sites are similar to functions or procedures in other languages , but they may be remote and therefore unreliable .
In this tutorial we will make frequent use of a Prompt site , which communicates with you ( the user ) by sending you a question and returning your response .
For example :
Prompt ( " What is your favorite food ? " )
Sites need n't always be remote .
For example , the + site which is used to add numbers and concatenate strings is usually implemented locally .
1 + 2
Although Orc uses traditional infix notation for arithmetic and comparison operators , these are still considered sites like any other .
Combinators ( top )
Orc has four basic combinators , each to combine two expressions :
Parallel , written |
Sequential , written >>
Pruning , written <<
Otherwise , written ;
This tutorial covers the first three combinators .
Parallel Combinator ( top )
Two Orc expressions can be evaluated in parallel using | .
For example , we can ask the user to choose both an eating utensil and type of dinnerware simultaneously :
Prompt ( " Spoon or fork ? " ) | Prompt ( " Bowl or saucer ? " )
Note that both of your answers were returned .
In Orc , an expression may return more than one value if it involves more than one concurrent computation .
To emphasize this we usually say that an expression publishes ( rather than returns ) values .
Sequential Combinator ( top )
Sites can also be called in sequence .
The >> combinator evaluates its right side when its left side publishes a value .
Prompt ( " What was the last movie you saw ? " ) >>
Prompt ( " Was it good ? " )
Notice that your first response was not published . >> only publishes the value (s ) published by the right side .
If you want to use a value published by the left side , you can bind it to a variable , like this :
Prompt ( " What is your name ? " ) > name >
" Hello " + name
If the left side publishes more than one value , the right side is evaluated independently for each value :
( Prompt ( " Pick a movie you like : " ) | Prompt ( " Pick a movie you like : " ) ) > movie >
" I heard that " + movie + " is a good movie . "
The >> combinator has higher precedence than | , so the parentheses in the previous example are necessary .
Pruning Combinator ( top )
The final combinator , << , combines the concepts of selection , blocking , and termination .
It is used to select the first value published by an expression and then terminate that expression .
The following program , for example , asks two questions but only publishes the first answer ( and does not wait for the second ) :
fruit < fruit < Prompt ( " Apples or oranges ? " ) | Prompt ( " Grapes or mangos ? " )
Both sides of the pruning combinator begin evaluating immediately , but when the left side needs the value produced by the right side , it blocks until that value is available .
The next example will print " red " and " blue " immediately but must wait to print your chosen color until you enter it :
" red " | ( " light " + color ) | " blue " < color < Prompt ( " Choose a color . " )
The syntax of << can sometimes be awkward , so Orc supports an alternative ( but equivalent ) syntax that allows you to write the previous example like this :
val color = Prompt ( " Choose a color . " ) " red " | ( " light " + color ) | " blue "
A variable introduced by a val declaration is scoped to the expression following the declaration .
If an argument to a site call is a compound expression ( not just a variable or constant ) , then it is treated as syntactic sugar for a pruning composition .
For example , these two expressions are equivalent :
( 1 + x < x < ( 2 + 3 ) ) | ( 1 + ( 2 + 3 ) )
Fundamental Sites ( top )
In addition to the Prompt and + sites we have already seen , Orc provides several other fundamental sites which are necessary for writing useful expressions .
The following examples illustrate the most important ones .
Ift ( condition ) publishes a signal ( a special value which carries no information ) if and only if condition is true :
Ift ( 3 /= 4 ) >> " three does not equal four " | Ift ( false ) >> " impossible ! "
Rwait (t ) publishes a signal after t milliseconds :
" immediately " | Rwait ( 3000 ) >> " ... three seconds later ... " | Rwait ( 5000 ) >> " ... five seconds later ... "
stop is a special expression which never publishes ( similar to the concept of " bottom " or ⊥ in functional languages ) .
It is commonly used with sequential composition to suppress published values , as in this example which waits for a response but does not publish it :
Prompt ( " I 'm not listening ... " ) >> stop
Functions ( top )
To facilitate the construction of large programs , Orc allows users to define functions .
Function calls look and act like site calls , with two key differences :
A site call must block if some of its arguments are not available , but a function call can begin evaluating immediately .
A site call can publish at most one value , but a function call may publish many values .
Here is a simple recursive function which publishes a number every second :
def metronomeN ( i ) = i | Rwait ( 1000 ) >> metronomeN( i+1 ) metronomeN(0 )
Function publications can be interleaved with the parallel combinator .
For example , we can interleave publications from two metronomes running at different rates and starting at different initial values :
def metronomeTN (t , i ) = i | Rwait ( t ) >> metronomeTN(t , i+1 ) metronomeTN ( 1100 , 0 ) | metronomeTN ( 700 , 100 )
A common idiom in Orc is to treat an expression as a stream of values which may be filtered .
The next example publishes every even number starting at 0 :
def metronomeN ( i ) = i | Rwait ( 1000 ) >> metronomeN( i+1 ) metronomeN(0 ) >n> Ift( n%2 = 0 ) >>
n
Advanced Techniques ( top )
Orc shares many features with functional programming languages , including higher - order functions ( functions which take functions or sites as arguments ) and pattern matching .
We will explore these features using a simple but realistic example : an automated booking agent which gets quotes from a list of airlines and returns the best quote received under a certain price and within a certain time limit .
First , we must have a way to get a quote from an airline .
For the purposes of this demo , we will assume that there exists a discovery site which , given the name of an airline , returns a site representing that airline .
When the airline site is called in turn , it will simulate a request for a quote by prompting you for a quote in dollars .
def Airline ( name ) = -- define a local function def MakeQuote ( ) = Prompt ( name + " quote ( $ ) " ) >n> ( name , Read ( n ) ) -- return it MakeQuote {- EXAMPLE -} --
Request a delta site and then -- use it to request a quote Airline ( " Delta " ) > delta > delta ( )
Next we need a utility function which returns the lesser of two quotes .
A quote includes the airline name and a dollar value , so we use pattern matching to extract the dollar value from the quote tuple :
def Airline ( name ) = -- define a function which can be called -- like a site def MakeQuote ( ) = Prompt ( name + " quote ( $ ) " ) >n> ( name , Read ( n ) ) -- return the site MakeQuote {- EXAMPLE -} def minQuote ( ( _, dollar1 ) as quote1 , ( _, dollar2 ) as quote2 ) = Ift ( dollar1 < = dollar2 ) >> quote1 | Ift ( dollar2 < : dollar1 ) >> quote2 -- Example usage val delta = Airline ( " Delta " ) val united = Airline ( " United " ) minQuote ( delta ( ) , united ( ) )
Finally we can put everything together with a function that uses pattern matching and recursion to return the best quote from a list of airline sites :
def Airline ( name ) = -- define a function which can be called -- like a site def MakeQuote ( ) = Prompt ( name + " quote ( $ ) " ) >n> ( name , Read ( n ) ) -- return the site MakeQuote def minQuote ( ( n1,q1 ) , ( n2,q2 ) ) = Ift ( q1 <= q2 ) >> ( n1 , q1 ) | Ift ( q2 <: q1 ) >> ( n2 , q2 ) {- EXAMPLE -} --
Return the best quote at or under $ 200 -- received within 15 seconds def bestQuote ( [ ] ) =
( " None of the above " , 200 ) def bestQuote ( airline : rest ) = val best = bestQuote ( rest ) val current = airline ( ) | ( Rwait ( 15000 ) >> best ) minQuote ( current , best ) bestQuote ( [ Airline ( " Delta " ) , Airline ( " United " ) ] )
Conclusion ( top )
That concludes this Orc tutorial .
Please refer to the Documentation page for further guidance .
When you are ready , play with Orc yourself .
Rebel shareholder Nicholas Bolton has won his court battle with Brisbane toll - road builder BrisConnections .
Two planned meetings of unitholders will now go ahead , as scheduled , later this month .
The decision puts in jeopardy the future of Brisbane 's $ 4.8 billion Airport Link toll road , the biggest infrastructure project under way in Australia .
The company 's unit holders will vote on a series of resolutions to have BrisConnections wound up at those meetings .
BrisConnections was seeking orders in the Victorian Supreme Court to have Bolton 's company , Australian Style Investments , wound up on the grounds it was insolvent and would not be able to pay a $ 77 million instalment owed to BrisConnections .
BrisConnections was also seeking orders to have two meetings of unitholders - called by Mr Bolton , ASI 's 26 - year - old major shareholder - to be cancelled .
BrisConnections told the court the meetings had been improperly called .
Justice Ross Robson found in favour of Mr Bolton and said the meetings could go ahead .
" BrisConnections ' objections to the meetings are not valid objections , '' he said .
There are two ways of configuring PowerController – either through the web pages , or through the Media Center interface .
The web interface is more sophisticated , so is better if you have a keyboard and mouse available .
Configuration from the web page – preferred option
After installing PowerControllerWHS
or PowerControllerMCE , enable the web server as described in the installation instructions .
The address of your server will be shown on the configuration screen , e.g .
http://192.168.0.10:53107/.
Visit that link in any web browser , and click Preferences in the top right hand corner .
Configuration from Media Center
After installing PowerControllerMCE , you will be asked to choose if you want to run in Local Mode where everything is run from the local PC , or remote mode where everything is run from another PC – i.e. the settings and Z - Wave USB device are on another PC .
In local mode , enter either the address of your BBSB controller , or pick your Z - Wave USB device , or enable MiOS ( Mi Casa Verde ) – or a combination of all three .
In remote mode , enter the name of the server that is the master machine , along with the username and password that you entered in the server settings .
Note , the default username and password is “ user ” and “ pass ” .
If you use a BBSB controller , you may want to use a static IP address .
Instructions for doing that can be found on the Bye Bye Standby forums here .
After you have set that up , you can set up the Zones in your house .
This might be different rooms , or different floors that you want to group your devices by .
After you have set that , you can add your devices .
Give them a name , pick a type of device .
The type is simply used to give an image , so do n’t stress if your device type is n’t in there .
It ’s just used to show an icon .
Then optionally pick a scene , and the control system type .
For BBSB , pick the housecode and unitcode , and for Z - Wave pick the device number .
For Mi Casa Verde , you can pick the device by name .
For Webcams , enter the URL of the webcam that produces jpg images ( most webcams have this somewhere ! ) .
If your webcam requires a username and password enter then in the URL as follows : http://username:password@webcam_address:webcam_port/ , e.g. http://martin:welcome1@192.168.0.5 :81/.
You can also pick a shortcut key combination for turning devices on and off , and for dimmable Z - Wave devices for dimming it up and down .
This is particularly useful for use with a universal remote control which can then be programmed to turn devices on and off without having to open the PowerControllerMCE application , or even without having to turn on your TV .
Next you can set up scenes .
These are pre-set actions which can be performed such as turning some devices on and some off , and setting the dim level .
You can also set up keyboard shortcuts for running scenes from your remote control too .
Once you have the system set up , you can turn on or off devices individually , or you can turn off all devices at once , all using your remote control .
You can also go in to the Scheduled Events page and set repeating times for your devices to turn on or off
You can pick to repeat the event hourly , 2 hours , 4 hours , 6 hours , 12 hours or Daily .
So , for example , if you want your lights to go on at 6 pm every day and off at 10 pm , add one event to turn on your lights as 18:00 with a frequency of Daily , and then add another even to turn your lights off at 22:00 with a frequency of Daily .
As long as your computer is running , the messages will be sent to the controller .
Media Center does not have to be running for the events to be sent .
Home Server
If you are using Z - wave , install the Z - Wave USB controller software on your home server first .
To install the server version of Power Controller , download it and put it in your Software / Add - Ins folder on your home server .
Then go to settings on the home server and install the add in .
The home server console will close after installation , so open it up again and go to settings and choose PowerController .
Either enter the BBSB controller address or pick your Z - Wave device ( or both ) .
You are then ready to start pointing your media center installations at this server .
++ for a great post .
I would also add re " I do n't need a module for this simple task " - if you have to ask the monks it is n't that simple .
But along with BrowserUK , I think that you are underestimating the problems caused by too many dependencies .
Corporate no-use policies often reflect concerns about open - source " contamination " ( a la Stallman ) or ownership of IP .
I realize there are a lot of strong feelings about this ( pro and con ) , but the fact remains that case law is thin and lawyers themselves are not sure about the implications of some of the licensing agreements .
Some corporations choose to err on the side of legal safety even if it means their technology costs are higher .
feelings about this ( pro and con ) , but the fact remains that case law is thin and lawyers themselves are not sure about the implications of some of the licensing agreements .
Some corporations choose to err on the side of legal safety even if it means their technology costs are higher .
Some CPAN modules require a C compiler .
For security reasons some servers do not have C compilers .
To install XS modules on these machines also means designing a build process that can draw from multiple lib directories , and rearrange them into a single image for bundling via zip files , PAR , debs , RPMs , or other packaging mechanism so that all dependent binaries can be shipped together .
Designing multi-source build processes and packaging software ( right ) is n't really a topic for novices and some of the people most resistant to modules are , of course , novices .
Some systems like Debian have some strong conventions for how the integrate Perl into the larger operating system .
Setting up and getting CPAN working smoothly on those systems is non-trivial .
Generating debs that play nicely is non-trivial and requires that you actually understand the Debian document on Perl policy .
Relying on the well tested debs provided by the Debian project may put you several versions behind the latest updates and patches , especially if the patch has nothing to do with security .
If Perl is part of a deployment solution ( e.g. for an application stack ) , you may need a bootstrap strategy .
In the first steps of the deployment solution using anything outside of core would put you in a chicken and egg problem .
Using Perl to configure CPAN - oops need CPAN to get a module to configure CPAN .
Also on the topic of deployment solutions - if your solution is going to be downloaded and jump - starts a configuration process on lots of little laptops or servers , KISS is the name of the game here .
The simpler the deployment and configuration code is , the less likelihood for problems .
So it generally does not pay to download " trivial " modules as part of the configuration process .
Trivial though , of course , is relative .
If you struggle to write a loop then nothing is trivial .
But in general , the modules most worth using are those that reflect a high level of domain expertise , involve substantial amounts of code and features behind that very small subset of functions that you actually need , or for which test development is especially complex or time consuming .
The more I think about this , the more I 'm coming to the conclusion that module use is like the conversation we had in the CB last night ( paraphrased ) - why do only the best coders think they make dumb mistakes ?
Clinton - because that 's how they became good coders .
SGML based languages look a lot simpler to parse than they really are .
It takes a fair amount of experience to judge the amount of work involved in a rewrite , especially when 1 K of code is backing a single function that you need .
Many of our novices do n't have that experience and so can't see why it is n't so simple .
The challenge for us is how to communicate that experience in just a few lines in the CB or a short post .
Best , beth
Some systems like Debian have some strong conventions for how the integrate Perl into the larger operating system .
Setting up and getting CPAN working smoothly on those systems is non-trivial .
Quite the contrary .
The cpan shell works out - of - the - box on Debian systems , and does n't conflict with the package manager at all .
And not only does Debian come with lots of perl modules as .deb packages , it also allows fairly easy generation of .deb packages from CPAN and custom perl modules via dh - make - perl or cpan2dist ( distributed with CPANPLUS and thus with newer perl version in core ) .
And there 's nothing easier in Debian than installing a .deb module ( especially if you set up a mirror on your own and put them up there ) .
So if you want to solve the deployment problem on Debian based Linux distributions , you can get a clean solution pretty fast .
( I guess the same holds true for many other distributions , but I just talk about Debian because I 'm familiar with it ) .
Installing debs with apt - get is easy - peasy and very reliable on any Debian system .
No doubt .
But as for CPAN , ease depends in part on how one has set up Debian .
A C compiler and make is n't a given on Debian , for instance , and many CPAN builds will fail without one .
Nor are various networking and system tools a given : ssh clients , sudo , and many others need to be explicitly downloaded if you do a minimal install .
Debian has a huge variety of download options - from a minimal 40 MB install to a 650 MB CD image .
I have n't noticed problems with CPAN and apt - get / dpkg conflicting .
However , that does n't mean that there are n't conflicts with CPAN build scripts and Debian itself .
Debian uses
Perl as part of its own system core .
It has a rather complicated policy to keep modules needed by the system separate from site installed modules and to prevent version conflicts between site and system versions .
( see Debian Perl Policy ) .
There is a reason why Debian spends so much time testing stuff for integration issues .
Debian also sometimes has special versions of binaries that hard code Debian system locations .
As a result , in general , I have found the .deb 's retrieved by apt - get more reliable than CPAN - but they also tend to be several versions old and not everything on CPAN has a well tested .deb
There are also different tolerance levels for sysadmin problems and complications depending on whether * nix is running on a server managed by a professional system administrator or on the desktop machines of developers .
Developers may know their programming language and design tools well but sometimes have only sketchy ideas of sysadmin issues , even when its their own development tools that are being installed by a deployment system .
I rather doubt most monks fall in this category , but I 've brought in team members for Java work who think I have horns when I tell them they * must * learn basic command line skills .
Best , beth
Corporate no-use policies often reflect concerns about open - source " contamination " ( a la Stallman ) or ownership of IP .
And even if your company does n't have a foolish and shortsighted " no-use " policy , it may still have a very reasonable requirement that all software imports go via some central body with the authority to approve licenses .
This is actually quite important .
Many CPAN modules are licensed under the same terms as Perl , but not all of them are .
For example , Math : : Random explicitly states that " commercial incorporation of these routines into products to be sold requires permission and perhaps payment to the ACM " , while Net: : SMS is actually a demo for a commercial product and is licensed for internal evaluation purposes only .
There are n't many companies that would be overly pleased about people bringing that kind of potential liability in through the back door ...
I am the choir that you are preaching to .
I find that the use of modules is the most compelling reason to use Perl .
Once you get into the habit of looking on cpan before you code , you will find your productivity growing in leaps and bounds ( as well as your reputation as a miracle worker at your job ) .
Let me share what happened to me this morning .
I was writing code to deal with a really bad ticketing system that my company uses .
The saving grace is that it is built on top of a database , so i can manipulate it 's data .
I wrote a query that inserted formated data into a field in the db , but when i looked at the results in the app , the newlines were gone , replaced by black boxes .
I ( correctly ) assumed that the app was expecting to see dos eol semantics , rather than unix .
I 'm old and the part of my brain that remembers eol semantics punted them long ago to make room for something more important .
But ...
A quick search on cpan for " DOS NL " revealed the Text : : FixEOL module , " cpan Text : : FixEOL " installed it , and 2 lines of perl code implemented it .
In less than 5 minutes , my problem was solved .
And because the modules is on cpan , i know it is tested on any platform i might ever use this code on , and i am far more sure that it is correct than I ever would be if I had implemented it myself .
Yay Perl !
- pete
" Worry is like a rocking chair .
It gives you something to do , but it does n't get you anywhere . "
I too have found CPAN to be indispensable .
Not only does it help my productivity by solving one problem , but I often find myself writing code with future uses in mind .
My code is also physically portable .
I use a portable version of Strawberry on a thumb drive since our PC 's are managed .
All the better for me since I can take it anywhere I need it .
Like dreadpiratepeter said , once you start using CPAN , you 'll realize the benefits of not have to re-invent the wheel .
My current favorite module is Text :: CSV_XS .
It 's so handy I could cry ...
++ To to original post .
Nice summary .
My current favorite module is Text :: CSV_XS .
It 's so handy I could cry ... licking9
Volts , thanks for the compliment , I feel flattered :)
Enjoy , Have FUN !
H. Merijn
A quick search on cpan for " DOS NL " revealed the Text : : FixEOL module , " cpan Text : : FixEOL " installed it , and 2 lines of perl code implemented it .
In less than 5 minutes , my problem was solved .
Wait , you spend a whole five minutes , installed a module when all you need is : $ text =~ s/\R/\r
/ g ; [ download ]
That does n't really sound as a convincing anecdote .
You seem to have missed my point : I do n't remember what the semantics for newlines are .
I would have had to do a lot of looking stuff up to come up with that line , and I would n't be sure that it covers all cases .
In addition , if you look at the module in question , I now have a tool that can also do the reverse translation , do the same for mac eol semantics ( which again I have no idea what they are ) , and will handle all the edge cases properly .
As a side note , I the negative and dismissive nature of your post to be completely counter - productive to what I hope the Perl monks should be accomplishing .
It 's wonderful that you know that line of code , but to post so condescendingly because someone else might not , is just rude .
If you wanted to point out that there is a simple solution to this you could have done so in a much more positive way .
But , I guess my expectations are too high in a medium where you never have to talk to someone face - to - face as a person .
- pete
" Worry is like a rocking chair .
It gives you something to do , but it does n't get you anywhere . "
Erm ... what do you expect the \R to mean ?
I do n't know , maybe it means something in Perl 5.10 , but in 5.8 it 's equivalent to R .
So what you wrote was equivalent to $ text =~ s/R/\r
/ g ; [ download ] probably not what you wanted , right ?
Even though this is not a task that would be too complex , it 's not such a no - brainer as you seem to imply .
It 's not really " convert the internal notion of newlines (
) to the Windows notion ( CR LF ) " .
It 's " convert whatever newlines to the Windows newlines " .
So it should handle not only "
" , but also " \r
" ( windows already ) and " \r " ( old Mac ) .
You do not want to end up with " CR CR LF " , do you ?
I use $s =~ s/(?:\x0D\x0A ?|\x0A)/\x0D\x0A/sg ; [ download ] within Mail : : Sender , but if I did not want to waste my time and wanted to be sure I end up with the right line ends without having to study all posibilities , Text : : FixEOL looks like a very good candidate .
Jenda
Support Denmark !
Defend the free world !
Some notes below your chosen depth have not been shown here
Luckily the portability question can be answered rather easily for the more often used modules , by looking at Slaven Rezić 's CPAN Tester Matrix , here an example view for DBI .
If it 's red on all but one platform , chances are that it 's not very portable .
If it 's mostly green ( as in the example above ) you do n't have to worry too much .
Oh , and it 's linked from the distribution page on search .
cpan.org , for example from DBI .
4 . I want my script to have few dependencies
In addition to Joel 's " core competency " argument , there 's another reason for CPAN authors to not go overboard with external dependencies : the relentless mathematical certainty that the more dependencies you have , the greater the probability that your users will be unable to install your module cleanly .
For example , if you have 100 dependencies and the probability of each one failing its " make test " is 1 in 100 , the probability of your module installing cleanly is around ( 99/100 ) ** 100 = 0.37 ; with only five dependencies , that improves to ( 99/100 ) ** 5 = 0.95 .
So , if it 's a large , complex domain , such as DBI or XML parsing , I 'm delighted to add the external dependency .
But if it 's just a " convenience " module , such as File : : Slurp or Readonly , I 'll normally make do without it .
To illustrate , notice that both File : : Slurp ( see " get the tests passing " release by Dave Rolsky after two years of inaction by the module author ) and Readonly ( under perl 5.10.0 ) failed their " make test " for over a year .
Update : see also Dependency hell ( wikipedia ) .
I am not allowed to install modules sitewide Fine , so install them locally !
Perl does n't care whether you have installed modules locally or sitewide , they 'll work just the same .
In fact , you can even set up your own version of Perl to make sure that all your module versions are controlled by you , locally , and not your OS or your site 's administrator .
All very well for scripts that only you use , but if you 're a corporate hack and your tools have to be rolled out to production machines ... they ai n't gonna work there .
And corporate shops have rules for a reason .
And what you 're advocating would in many places be seen as grounds for not just dismissal , but prosecution .
Examine what is said , not who speaks -- Silence betokens consent --
Love the truth but pardon error .
" Science is about questioning the status quo. Questioning authority " .
In the absence of evidence , opinion is indistinguishable from prejudice .
" Too many [ ] have been sedated by an oppressive environment of political correctness and risk aversion . "
And corporate shops have rules for a reason .
And what you 're advocating would in many places be seen as grounds for not just dismissal , but prosecution .
Exactly .
If you 're developing stuff for your own amusement , then deployment to a dozen systems running mission critical stuff is never going to be a problem .
In my case it is -- which means I have to look closely at whether I absolutely need a module , or whether I can get by with something a little less ' jazzy ' .
This week 's query was about using WWW :: Mechanize -- that module is n't installed on the system I 'm developing for , but LWP :: UserAgent ( which Mech uses ) is present , so that decision is made for me .
If you look at it from the IT guy 's perspective , installing a module is no easy task : the latest version of X might mean you have to upgrade Y , which has always worked fine , and of course that means you need to also update Z and W .. and pretty soon , subtle problems start to turn up .
And I ran into a ' version ' problem recently , where an older version of Mech worked fine , but the newer one , on a different platform , did n't .
Alex / talexb / Toronto " Groklaw is the open - source mentality applied to legal research " ~ Linus Torvalds
Great point .
I 've never been fortunate ( unfortunate ? ) enough to work in a corporate environment with policies that create such liability problems .
If you have no choice , then you have no choice , and all my thoughts on the subject are completely irrelevent .
A reply falls below the community 's threshold of quality .
You may see it by logging in .
Yet another " this is the way to do it , and anything else sucks " post .
Let me pick at some of your arguments :
It may seem that way now , but what if you have n't considered all of the possible cases your code will have to handle ?
What if I have ?
What if * I * have , but the author of the module did n't ?
How would I know the author did ?
I might audit the modules code , but if the task is simple ( but important ) , writing it yourself may be more efficient .
What about if ( when ) your requirements change ?
Well , so what ?
In point 4 , you warn against premature optimization .
Coding against any possible requirement change in the future is premature optimization .
The scrum methodology actually forbids you to do so : it 's just enough , just in time .
Now , I 'm not a full scrum adept , but one of the signs of a good programmer is that he can make the right trade - offs .
Which does include knowing when to spend resources now against possible future requirement changes , and when not .
Note that any resource spend coding for a possible requirement change that will not happen is a 100 % loss .
Certain things just are too unlikely to change before your code is discarded .
Module authors have usually had time to consider the edge cases .
Really ?
How do you know ?
Or more important , how do I know ?
If there 's a module on CPAN doing X , what tells me the author has spend more time considering edge cases I will do ?
Remember , the existence of code on CPAN neither implies a stamp of quality on the code , nor on the author .
I 've a pretty good idea of the quality of my code , and of the quality of the code my co-workers write .
I 've some ideas about the quality of the code of a small subset of the CPAN authors .
Of the majority of them , I 've no idea how good they are , and whether the module I may use reflects that .
Many modules are implemented using XS bindings to compiled C .
Those are typically going to be faster than any implementation you can come up with in pure Perl .
There 's something magical that happens with authors when writing code for CPAN that does n't happen when people write code that may use a CPAN module ?
CPAN authors will use XS everytime it gives a significant speedup , and others never will ?
Come on .
People write XS code .
Some of it will stay in house .
Some of it appear on CPAN .
Some people never write XS code , even if it would make their code faster .
And guess what ?
Some of that code ends up on CPAN as well .
Fine , so install them locally !
Oh goodie .
So , you 'll end up with code that passes 100 % of the tests , but does n't even compile when rolled out into production .
Great advice !
Not .
I 've worked in several companies where there 's a procedure for installing third party software .
Third party software is for instance only installed from RPMs .
Which means that if I want module X to be installed , I have 1 ) find or create an RPM containing that module .
2 ) Do the same for every dependency .
Recurse .
3 ) Create a ticket for operations to install the RPMs on development and production .
4 ) Wait for it to be installed .
Now , at $ WORK operations is pretty quick and there 's seldomly an objection against installing CPAN modules .
But if I work on a problem in the evening , and I 've the choice between writing something simple myself and putting it live right the same night , or hunt down an RPM , create a ticket and wait till the next day , it 's easier for me to write it myself ( less work ) , and better for the company ( bug fixed / feature implemented faster ) .
And here 's another reason .
Some time ago , I needed some piece of functionality .
There 's a CPAN module whose most recent versions having this functionality .
We have this module installed at $ WORK .
Except , not the most recent version .
With the most recent versions , our code will break .
Considering that it 's not an easy task to have two versions of the same module installed , and have some code use one version , and other code use the other ( it 's not impossible , but it does n't work that way out of the box ) , I opted for writing the feature myself .
Perl code is wonderfully portable , even with module dependencies !
Often it is , but not always .
Module authors usually do n't have a wide range of platforms or OSses to test against .
( Nor do I think there 's any obligation for a CPAN author to test it against a wide range of platforms ) .
Sometimes , code just does n't work correctly in a different environment .
JavaFan , all of your points are excellent , and valid counter - counter - arguments .
You 're obviously somebody who can judge for themselves , but not everyone who 's avoiding modules has considered the ramifications of that decision in the depth that you have .
In some cases , as in the case of corporate policy making you legally liable for installing modules , you literally have no choice .
My post was addressed to those people who do have a choice .
The intent of my post was not to say " do it this way , everything else sucks , " it was to say that these arguments should be considered if you 're avoiding modules .
If you consider them , and deem them ridiculous or otherwise inapplicable , good for you .
I am not asking you to treat my judgement superior to yours , I am merely offering something to think about ( is n't that what meditations are ? ) .
I conclude by saying as much .
Thanks for the shoutout , and I refer you here , too : Use Getopt :: Long even if you do n't think you need to .
xoxo ,
Andy
A legitimate reason to avoid modules is that for those not steeped in the perl way , installing stuff from the CPAN is difficult - " what are all these questions it 's asking me ?
I 'm confused ! " - and that installing stuff from the CPAN locally in your own directory is Dark Magic for most people .
You can disagree with that if you like - lots of perl people do disagree with it .
That 's fine .
You 're allowed to be wrong .
That 's why rsnapshot ( which I used to maintain , I 've handed over to someone else now ) requires no non-core modules at all , at the expense of lots of wheel - reinvention .
In a lot of cases , rsnapshot will be the first time perl has been used on a machine ( aside from anything that the OS itself uses it for ) and so CPAN . pm wo n't be configured .
For stuff targetted more at a perly audience where familiarity with installing CPAN modules can be taken as given , I do of course use other peoples ' modules .
But even so , I do n't bother if I only need a tiny trivial piece of functionality .
use File :: Slurp ; ...read_file ... is ridiculous overkill .
I avoid pointless dependencies like that because I know that if I do n't , my code will be made harder to install even for perl - heads .
That 's because if any of my pre-requisites fail , then CPAN . pm wo n't install them , and then it wo n't install my code because my code wo n't pass its tests without 'em .
I am not allowed to install modules sitewide
This can be valid in some environments .
One of my friends works at a huge mega conglomerate spanning countries and continents .
Frequently , he uses perl to make tape drives do things all over the world .
The scripts must be deployed on literally thousands of machines and installing modules is a really big deal -- usually involving a committee and multiple sysadmins at each physical location .
He tends to avoid them at all costs and I can't say I blame him .
Is there a solution for that ?
I really do n't think there is .
- Paul
I have to confess that # 6 is near and dear to my heart .
Because on many of our systems it is not a matter of " installing locally " ... it 's a matter of how to get it onto the system in the first place since our security policies are strictly enforced ( both automatically and manually ) .
It is not too problematic when the module is pure Perl .
The IT folks have been accomodating with that .
But any modules that have to be brought in and compiled or as binaries are not allowed ... no matter where I 'd like or try to put them .
We actually have IT programs that crawl though every nook and cranny of our system looking for binaries or " executable " modules ... no matter what the extensions ... and will auto - delete them !
They have allowed us to use Perl and the built - in modules all we want and to create and use pure Perl scripts ... but nothing else .
So I have had to abandon using many , many of the modules I 'd love to have access to and stick to either the built-ins or the pure Perl modules .
So # 6 is n't as easy or as universal as you might suggest .
But I still find your observations ( including # 6 ) to be good counter - points to the normal comments ... even when I 've sometimes thought about not using available modules outside of our controlled systems .
Your summary was really very illuminating for me .
Thanks .
ack Albuquerque , NM
WRT # 4 , I 'm of two minds on the subject .
On one hand , I tend to scoff at the " no installation needed " at a day and age where users have machines infested with Java and Flash installation ( often 2 or 3 of them ) as well as other runtime environments .
Maintaining a solid CPAN installation is usually easy and simple , and getting easier and simpler each day .
OTOH , I encountered several instances where what was supposed to be a simple module turned out to be a full blown framework with Moose on top ( hello , Jifty ) .
This immediately get a " to be removed / replaced " tag .
In regards to the entire post , as much as I 'm a supporter of Best Practices Preaching , it tends to be considered as gospel , to be followed blindly , rather than " general rules that you may benefit from following " .
There are cases where all the above reasons are not valid , and , as mentioned above , cases where those should not be followed at all .
There is no One True Rule , despite the many claims here , and elsewhere .
" A core tenant of the greater Perl philosophy is to trust that the developer knows enough to solve the problem " - Jay Shirley , A case for Catalyst .
I tend to scoff at the " no installation needed " at a day and age where users have machines infested with Java and Flash installation ( often 2 or 3 of them ) as well as other runtime environments .
But there 's a large difference between a user machine ( which , nowadays , typically gets used by a single person , can be easily replaced , and if down , only affects one person ) and a server that is important or even critical for the operation of a business .
Having said that , I 've worked on servers that have multiple Java installations as well - and , IMO , that was good .
An application that needs Java , and comes with everything needed to run Java is so much easier to install than one that does n't .
If the app comes with Java , it will always have the right version ( and if it does n't , I can blame the vendor of the app ) and will not conflict with other apps needing Java .
And , IMO , that 's the way to deliver ( large ) Perl applications as well .
Include everything .
All modules you need .
Consider including perl itself as well ( because even if your target OS comes with perl , it may not be the right version or it may be compiled with the wrong options ) .
There is no One True Rule , despite the many claims here , and elsewhere .
That , I fully agree with .
I agree that there 's the danger of advice being taken as gospel , as you put it .
FWIW , I do n't ask that anyone substitute my judgment for theirs , and I do n't by any means think there is One True Rule on how to go about things .
The only One True Rule is : think about what you are doing and use your best judgment .
I simply felt that if I 'm going to take a position in the meditation , it should be consistent .
I wanted to offer food for thought , and so I presented my reasoning as directly as possible .
As I 've mentioned elsewhere , I 've mainly been in situations where these arguments make sense : my systems do n't get pushed to more than a handful of servers and accounts , and my organization 's policies give me wide latitude to choose what software I need to accomplish the task at hand .
Someone else would be much better qualified to write the contrary meditation on Top N ( Good ) Reasons Not To Use Modules .
Maybe JavaFan ? :)
I think that in general good meditations show both sides of the arguments .
The way you wrote your meditation was to present the counter - argument to use a module , and then to be very dismissive about it , in a style of writing that suggests only inferior developers could have considered such arguments .
That 's a way of writing that suggests to me you yourself did n't think the arguments over .
Articles that picture the world using more shades of gray than black and white are far more useful - and carry much more weight in my book .
++ for your post .
These are my 0.02 € to your rule1 .
I am very much a fan of using modules , which make the simple things even simpler , e.g. the List : :* modules .
List :: Util
List :: MoreUtils
List :: Pairwise
However modules should not be chosen , just because the name smells right .
In the end you can shoot yourself in the knee , e.g. use File : : Copy to copy executable files and end up with permissions reset to default ( see http://abigail1.hates- software.com/2005/09/21/0692681a.html ) . print+qq(\L@{[ref\&@]}@{ ['@ 'x7 ^ '! # 2/" !4 ' ] } ) ;
I will toss my vote to using CPAN everywhere you can ... even for little things that seem “ obvious , ” because in this way you leverage what that other person has done .
In many commercial data - processing scenarios , reliable and efficient use of human ... not computer ... time is paramount .
Hence , CPAN is to me “ what all the fuss is about . ”
Getting the app to - market quickly , and making sure it does not fail there , is essential to the conditions by which I earn my daily bread .
“ The app , ” of course , consists of “ installed and working source - code , ” along with a fair amount of XS - magic inherent in much of CPAN .
So the question becomes : how did that source - code get there , and who wrote it and tested it ?
The notion that “ it all must have come from little - old - me ” absolutely falls flat on my stone deaf ears .
I need the best source - code on my team , from whatever most - reliable source , as quickly as possible .
You can incorporate modules from CPAN ( or from any external source ) into your applications without making system - wide changes .
All you need is use lib , and a few easy local CPAN - configuration settings .
Having downloaded and built the modules once , you can subsequently package them so that the deployment process is automated .
What is not economically justifiable , IM2CW , is “ let 's do it all over again from scratch . ”
Even if you could do it , and even if you could do it in some “ superlative way , ” you could also be doing something else .
“ So , as I am looking everywhere I can find to cut costs , why exactly am I paying you the big - bucks to do what has already been done ? ... ” :- O ... hey , especially these days , it 's worth thinking about .
By Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome
The balcony is one of Verona 's most popular tourist destinations
The balcony where , according to William Shakespeare , Romeo wooed Juliet , is to be made available for weddings .
The authorities in the Italian city of Verona - setting for the tale of the two lovers - say they want to foster its image as a centre for romance .
The Casa Di Giulietta ( house of Juliet ) is in the heart of Verona .
Folklore suggests it was once the home of the Cappello family - possibly the model for the Capulets in Shakespeare 's fictional play , Romeo and Juliet .
Although some historians say there is scant evidence to back this up , the balcony on the 14th century building is still one of the city 's most popular tourist destinations .
From next month , you will be able to hire it as a venue for weddings .
But before you rush to this most romantic of settings consider the price - up to $ 1,300 ( £ 930 ) for non European Union residents .
Officials say they want to enhance the city 's image as the perfect place for love and marriage .
But remember two things : first , that Italian health and safety laws are likely to prevent modern day Romeos from climbing up the balcony to woo their brides ; and second , that Shakespeare 's immortal work ends in tragedy .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dieting .
Personally , I suck at it , as do many people throughout the world .
But it does n't mean we do n't try .
Of course , some of us try to eat less and exercise more and some people jump on the bandwagon of any fad diets , always hoping to find a miracle that leads to quick weight loss with little effort .
As a result , there 's been quite a few crazy diet ideas in the last few centuries , here are the top ten weirdest diet methods we 've ever heard of .
Photo Via Angelsk [ Flickr ]
The Chewing Diet
The Tapeworm Diet
The Sleeping Beauty Diet
The Vision Diet
Washing Away The Pounds
Ear Stapling
The Cotton Ball Diet
The Blood Type Diet
The Hallelujah Diet
The chewing diet was popularized in the Edwardian Era by Horace Fletcher .
He believed that chewing allowed food to be properly absorbed into the body .
Insufficient chewing would lead to constipation and clog up the digestive tract , said Fletcher .
He lost 40 pounds in just four months using the diet he created .
Dr. Kellogg was a friend and fan of Fletcher and he required patients at his sanatorium to participate in the chewing diet as well as a variety of other weight loss methods .
To properly implement the chewing diet , a person must chew each bite over 32 times , which takes approximately 30 seconds .
After chewing is done , the person then tilts his or her head back and allows the food to trickle down their throat .
Anything that is still too big to swallow must be spit out .
The desire to eat things likely diminishes after a period on this diet , so it does work as you begin to eat less food .
A sore jaw .
Much longer meal times .
Annoyed and disgusted friends .
Source
If you eat for two and are n’t pregnant , maybe it ’s time to get a second mouth in your belly .
A tapeworm can sure help eat all of that excess food .
Around the turn of the century , these little parasites were sold in a simple pill form claiming to help you shed inches from your waist .
It ’s uncertain whether these pills actually had live tapeworms or if they were just another “ snake oil ” product , but what is certain is that people have intentionally used tapeworms as a weight loss method .
Jockeys are amongst the many people purported to have used tapeworms as a diet .
Well for one , having a worm inside your stomach , which might cause nausea , headaches , infections and diarrhea .
Some people ’s organs are blocked by the eggs and this can result in death .
There is no evidence that tapeworms actually help people lose much of weight , so the whole experience may be for nothing .
You ca n’t eat while you sleep .
So naturally , if you sedate yourself for days and neglect to eat as a result , this starvation diet may actually work for you .
Elvis was a proponent of this weight loss method around the end of his life and the dieting method was also made popular in Valley of the Dolls .
A severe pill hangover can leave you with a headache , nausea and fatigue .
Additionally , improper sedation might actually kill you and so might starvation .
If your food looks disgusting , you ’re less likely to eat it .
While this is certainly true , it ’s not enough to make the vision - dieter glasses any less silly .
From the testimonials I ’ve read , the glasses make you feel relaxed while going on your day to day routine , but they do n’t help you lose much weight .
Johnny Depp is a big fan of blue glasses , although it ’s hard to say if he just likes their look or if he actually feels the effects from the lens color .
Looking like a geek in big blue glasses .
Possible vision problems after prolonged exposure to the glasses .
If you ’re showering everyday , you might as well lose weight while doing it , right ?
That ’s the theory behind Aoqili diet soaps .
These soaps contain seaweed that will penetrate skin and breakdown fat .
There seems to be no evidence that this product works though , not even faked testimonials .
Some people have had allergic reactions to the soap ’s ingredients .
Source Ear stapling is exactly what its name implies , you pierce the cartilage of your inner ear and it supposedly suppresses your appetite .
You can only leave it in for six weeks to three months because once your body gets used to the staple it will lose its effectiveness .
While many people claim this weight loss method is highly effective , even its proponents can’t agree why .
The most common explanation involves the piercing ’s similarity to acupuncture .
Ear stapling is illegal in Florida and other states have regulated the practice to help decrease the number of infections it has caused .
Well , for one , you will have a staple in your ear , which may be a little painful .
Secondly , you could get an infection , which could make you severely sick .
Also , it is possible to receive nerve damage when the procedure is preformed improperly .
The cotton ball diet is exactly what it sounds like , you eat cotton balls .
Some people eat them dry and others soak them in gelatin first .
Obviously the idea is that cotton balls are low in calories but very filling , so you wo n’t want to eat anything that is fattening .
The cotton balls are also high in fiber , which is thought to be good for you –until you realize it ’s not the kind of fiber you need in your diet .
Exceptionally boring , dry and disgusting meals .
A lack of needed vitamins and other nutrients .
Major digestive problems .
The theory of the blood type diet is that every blood type has a set of foods best suited to it and if you eat according to your blood type , you will lose weight .
Supposedly , a person with type A blood should be vegetarian and meditate , while those with type O blood should eliminate grains from their diet and do aerobics .
This diet may seem harmless , but depending on which blood type you have , your recommended diet may center around food that is bad for you .
For example , many people are lactose intolerant , but anyone with type B blood is recommended to intake a lot of dairy –this could cause a lot of problems .
Additionally , people with type A blood are told to eat a lot of wheat , but if someone has gluten intolerance , this could be dangerous .
Photo Via Wonderlane [ Flickr ]
The Caveman Diet
The Hallelujah diet requires eating foods specifically mentioned in Genesis Chapter 1 , Verse 29 .
These foods are all - natural , vegan , raw foods .
Of course , in Genesis Chapter 9 , Verse 3 , God lifts these restrictions , but the hallelujah diet overlooks this .
In the diet , only 15 % of a person ’s daily intake of food is allowed to be cooked .
Aside from the basic diet , the plan recommends exercise , rest , sunshine and elimination of stress .
It seems pretty natural that anyone exercising , relaxing and eating vegan will be losing weight , regardless of whether God dictated it or not .
Like all vegan diets , a person must be very careful to get their daily intake of protein , vitamins and minerals .
Other than that , this diet is mostly healthy , although it may annoy your friends .
Source
This diet is also called the Paleolithic diet because the focus is based on food available to cavemen during the Paleolithic Era , around 10,000 years ago .
This time period was prior to the development of agriculture , so the plants available to these dieters are mostly ones available to gatherers and hunters .
Food can be cooked though because it was common practice in that era .
Most participants will be limited to lean meat , fish , veggies , fruit , roots and nuts .
Grains , dairy , salt , refined sugar , oils and legumes are all strictly prohibited .
Dieters may have a hard time getting their daily calcium intake , but other than that , it is not dangerous .
Most restaurants do offer food that would fit into this dietary plan –steaks , salads , etc .
Cannabis – top 10 most common myths
CANNABIS MYTHS AND FACTS
Cannabis is probably the world ’s most popular casual use drug that is illegal in most nations .
It has become so widespread that many people would n’t think twice about asking to light up at a friend ’s or to smoke in public places .
It is an ancient drug that has been used throughout history for medical , magical , and pleasurable purposes .
Thanks to the scare - tactics of propaganda in the 1960s and 1970s , there are many myths surrounding the drug – this list intends to put things straight once and for all .
1 . Fat Storage
Myth : Cannabis ’ active ingredient THC gets stored in body fat and its effects can last days or even weeks
Fact :
It is true that cannabis ( like many other drugs ) enters the body ’s fat stores , and it is for this reason that it can be detected long after use , but that is the only part of this myth which is true .
The fact is , the psychoactive aspects of the stored cannabis are used up quickly and while the residue of the drug remains , it no longer has any effect on the person .
Furthermore , the presence of THC in body fat is not harmful to the fat , the brain , or any other part of the body .
2. Memory Loss
Myth : Cannabis use causes memory loss and a general reduction in logic and intelligence
Fact :
This is another myth which has elements of truth to it – no doubt the reason it is believed by so many .
Laboratory tests have shown that cannabis diminishes the short term memory – but only when a person is intoxicated with it .
A person who has taken cannabis will be able to remember things learned before they took it but may have trouble learning new information during intoxication .
There is no scientific evidence whatsoever to suggest that this can become a long - term or permanent problem when sober .
3. Scientific Proof
Myth : Cannabis has been scientifically proven to be harmful
Fact :
Let us start with a quote : “ the smoking of cannabis , even long term , is not harmful to health . ”
This quote comes from the peer - reviewed British medical journal The Lancet ( founded in 1823 ) .
There is certainly no scientific consensus on cannabis use , and certainly no scientific proof that casual use is dangerous to health .
4. Loss of Motivation
Myth : Cannabis use causes apathy and a lack of motivation
Fact :
In fact , studies done on test subjects in which they were given a high dose of cannabis regularly over a period of days or weeks found that there was no loss in motivation or ability to perform .
Of course , abuse of any intoxicating substance over long periods will reduce a person ’s ability to function normally , but cannabis is no better or worse .
Furthermore , studies indicate that cannabis users tend to have higher paid jobs than non-users .
5. Crime Statistics
Myth : Cannabis causes crime
Fact :
Some people believe that cannabis use leads to violence and aggression , and that this , in turn , leads to crime .
But the facts just do n’t stack up .
Serious research into this area has found that cannabis users are often less likely to commit crimes because of its effect in reducing aggression .
Having said that , because of the number of nations that have outlawed cannabis , most users in the world are technically classified as criminals merely for possessing the drug .
6. Braindead
Myth : Cannabis kills brain cells
Fact : Cannabis does not cause any profound changes in a person ’s mental ability .
It is true that after taking the drug some people can experience panic , paranoia , and fright , these effects pass and certainly do n’t become permanent .
It is possible for a person to consume so much of the drug that they suffer from toxic psychosis , but again this is not unique to cannabis and is very rare .
7. Gateway to Other Drugs
Myth : Cannabis is a gateway drug – in other words , it leads to abuse of more potent drugs
Fact :
For most people , cannabis is a terminus drug , not a gateway drug .
Users of high strength drugs such as heroin or LSD are also statistically more likely to have used cannabis in the past , but this is just toying with statistics ; when comparing the number of cannabis users with hard - drug users , the numbers are extremely small – suggesting that there is no link at all .
8. Modern Potency
Myth : Cannabis is more potent now than in the past
Fact :
The reason that this myth has come about is that samples taken by drug enforcement agencies are used to test for potency but they are a tiny sample of the cannabis on the market .
The vast majority of cannabis taken today is the same potency as it has been for decades .
In fact , even if the potency were greatly higher , it would make little difference to the user as cannabis of varying potency produces very similar effects .
Furthermore , there is statistical data on cannabis potency dating back to the 1980s which is more reliable than present methods of detection , and that shows little or no increase .
9. Lung Damage
Myth : Cannabis is more damaging to the lungs than cigarettes
Fact :
First of all , people who smoke cannabis but not cigarettes tend to smoke far less frequently – thereby limiting their exposure to the dangers in the smoke .
Furthermore , smokers of cannabis are not inhaling the many additives that go into commercial cigarettes to make them burn down faster or to stay alight .
There has even been some evidence that marijuana smoke does not have the same effect on the bronchial tubes as cigarette smoke , so even heavy use may not lead to emphysema .
10 . Cannabis and Addiction
Myth : Cannabis is highly addictive
Fact : Less than one percent of Americans smoke cannabis more than once per day .
Of the heavy users , a tiny minority develop what appears to be a dependence and rely on the assistance of drug rehabilitation services to stop smoking but there is nothing in cannabis which causes physical dependence and the most likely explanation for those who need assistance is that they are having difficulty breaking the habit – not the “ addiction ” .
April 1 ( Reuters ) - New Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Wednesday that Israel was not bound by understandings on the creation of a Palestinian state reached at a U.S. - sponsored conference at Annapolis in November 2007 .
PAUL SALEM , DIRECTOR , CARNEGIE INSTITUTE MIDDLE EAST CENTRE , BEIRUT :
" There is no doubt ( Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin ) Netanyahu has a big problem with the traditional peace process .
In Washington , they 're worried about that .
But at the same time Netanyahu knows and ( Labour leader and Defence Minister Ehud ) Barak knows that they have to do something about the peace process . "
" ( Netanyahu ) is aware that if Lieberman keeps pulling in the extreme right , he will be a pariah in Europe and not favoured in Washington .
" It 's not a surprise that this right - wing government is starting off by casting negative aspersions on ... Annapolis .
It 's a way of wasting time .
Netanyahu knows he 's in a difficult position . "
MOUIN RABBANI , MIDDLE EAST ANALYST , AMMAN :
" Netanyahu would have very much liked to fudge things .
The problem with Lieberman as foreign minister is that he 's going to continue to put Netanyahu on the spot . "
He said Lieberman 's statement underscored the dilemma facing the new Israeli government in dealing with the United States and other powers that want to see it commit to a two - state solution .
TAMIR SHEAFER , POLITICAL ANALYST , HEBREW UNIVERSITY OF JERUSALEM :
" He is giving the Americans a slap in the face for sure . "
" This points up some of the difficulties we can expect from this coalition .
It is just the beginning of some great problems this government has in store , by including such disparate elements as Lieberman and the ( left - wing ) Labour Party . "
" There is no doubt that from an international standpoint , of diplomacy , making this type of declaration was n't the right thing to do . "
See this page in : Chinese
Here are nearly a dozen natural phenomena which conflict with the evolutionary idea that the universe is billions of years old .
The numbers I list below in bold print ( often millions of years ) are maximum possible ages set by each process , not the actual ages .
The numbers in italics are the ages required by evolutionary theory for each item .
The point is that the maximum possible ages are always much less that the required evolutionary ages , while the biblical age ( 6,000 - 10,000 years ) always fits comfortably within the maximum possible ages .
Thus the following items are evidence against the evolutionary time - scale and for the biblical time - scale .
Much more young - world evidence exists , but I have chosen these items for brevity and simplicity .
Some of the items on this list can be reconciled with an old universe only by making a series of improbable and unproven assumptions ; others can fit in only with a young universe .
The list starts with distant astronomic phenomena and works its way down to Earth , ending with everyday facts .
1 . Comets disintegrate too quickly .
According to evolutionary theory , comets are supposed to be the same age as the solar system , about five billion years .
Yet each time a comet orbits close to the sun , it loses so much of its material that it could not survive much longer than about 100,000 years .
Many comets have typical maximum ages ( on this basis ) of 10,000 years .
(1) Evolutionists explain this discrepancy by assuming that ( a ) comets come from an unobserved spherical ' Oort cloud ' well beyond the orbit of Pluto , ( b ) improbable gravitational interactions with infrequently passing stars often knock comets into the solar system , and ( c ) other improbable interactions with planets slow down the incoming comets often enough to account for the hundreds of comets observed .
(2) So far , none of these assumptions has been substantiated either by observations or realistic calculations .
Lately , there has been much talk of the ' Kuiper Belt ' , a disc of supposed comet sources lying in the plane of the solar system just outside the orbit of Pluto .
Even if some bodies of ice exist in that location , they would not really solve the evolutionists ' problem , since according to evolutionary theory the Kuiper Belt would quickly become exhausted if there were no Oort cloud to supply it .
2 . Not enough mud on the sea floor .
Each year , water and winds erode about 25 billion tons of dirt and rock from the continents and deposit it in the ocean .
(3) This material accumulates as loose sediment ( i.e. mud ) on the hard basaltic ( lava - formed ) rock of the ocean floor .
The average depth of all the mud in the whole ocean , including the continental shelves , is less than 400 meters .
(4) The main way currently known to remove the mud from the ocean floor is by plate tectonic subduction .
That is , sea floor slides slowly ( a few cm / year ) beneath the continents , taking some sediment with it .
According to secular scientific literature , that process presently removes only one billion tons per year .
(4) As far as anyone knows , the other 25 billion tons per year simply accumulate .
At that rate , erosion would deposit the present amount of sediment in less than 12 million years .
Yet according to evolutionary theory , erosion and plate subduction have been going on as long as the oceans have existed , an alleged three billion years .
If that were so , the rates above imply that the oceans would be massively choked with mud dozens of kilometers deep .
An alternative ( creationist ) explanation is that erosion from the waters of the Genesis Flood running off the continents deposited the present amount of mud within a short time about 5000 years ago .
3 . Not enough sodium in the sea .
Every year , rivers ( 5 ) and other sources dump over 450 million tons of sodium into the ocean .
Only 27 % of this sodium manages to get back out of the sea each year .
( 6,7 ) As far as anyone knows , the remainder simply accumulates in the ocean .
If the sea had no sodium to start with , it would have accumulated its present amount in less than 42 million years at today 's input and output rates .
(7) This is much less than the evolutionary age of the ocean , three billion years .
The usual reply to this discrepancy is that past sodium inputs must have been less and outputs greater .
However , calculations which are as generous as possible to evolutionary scenarios still give a maximum age of only 62 million years .
( 7) Calculations ( 8 ) for many other sea water elements give much younger ages for the ocean .
4 . Earth 's magnetic field is decaying too fast .
The total energy stored in the Earth 's magnetic field has steadily decreased by a factor of 2.7 over the past 1,000 years .
(9 ) Evolutionary theories explaining this rapid decrease , as well as how the Earth could have maintained its magnetic field for billions of years , are very complex and inadequate .
A much better creationist theory exists .
It is straightforward , based on sound physics , and explains many features of the field : its creation , rapid reversals during the Genesis Flood , surface intensity decreases and increases until the time of Christ , and a steady decay since then .
( 10 ) This theory matches paleomagnetic , historic , and present data .
( 11 ) The main result is that the field 's total energy ( not surface intensity ) has always decayed at least as fast as now .
At that rate the field could not be more than 10,000 years old .
( 12 ) 5 .
Many strata are too tightly bent .
In many mountainous areas , strata thousands of feet thick are bent and folded into hairpin shapes .
The conventional geologic time - scale says these formations were deeply buried and solidified for hundreds of millions of years before they were bent .
Yet the folding occurred without cracking , with radii so small that the entire formation had to be still wet and unsolidified when the bending occurred .
This implies that the folding occurred less than thousands of years after deposition .
( 13 ) 6 .
Injected sandstone shortens geologic ' ages ' .
Strong geologic evidence ( 14 ) exists that the Cambrian Sawatch sandstone — formed an alleged 500 million years ago — of the Ute Pass Fault , west of Colorado Springs , was still unsolidified when it was extruded up to the surface during the uplift of the Rocky Mountains , allegedly 70 million years ago .
It is very unlikely that the sandstone would not solidify during the supposed 430 million years it was underground .
Instead , it is likely that the two geologic events were less than hundreds of years apart , thus greatly shortening the geologic time - scale .
7 . Fossil radioactivity shortens geologic ' ages ' to a few years .
Radiohalos are rings of color formed around microscopic bits of radioactive minerals in rock crystals .
They are fossil evidence of radioactive decay .
( 15 ) ' Squashed ' Polonium - 210 radiohalos indicate that Jurassic , Triassic , and Eocene formations in the Colorado plateau were deposited within months of one another , not hundreds of millions of years apart as required by the conventional time - scale .
( 16 ) ' Orphan ' Polonium - 218 radiohalos , having no evidence of their mother elements , imply either instant creation or drastic changes in radioactivity decay rates . ( 17,18 ) 8 . Helium in the wrong places .
All naturally occurring families of radioactive elements generate helium as they decay .
If such decay took place for billions of years , as alleged by evolutionists , much helium should have found its way into the Earth 's atmosphere .
The rate of loss of helium from the atmosphere into space is calculable and small .
Taking that loss into account , the atmosphere today has only 0.05 % of the amount of helium it would have accumulated in five billion years .
( 19 ) This means the atmosphere is much younger than the alleged evolutionary age .
A study published in the Journal of Geophysical Research shows that helium produced by radioactive decay in deep , hot rocks has not had time to escape .
Though the rocks are supposed to be over one billion years old , their large helium retention suggests an age of only thousands of years . ( 20 ) 9 .
Not enough Stone Age skeletons .
Evolutionary anthropologists say that the Stone Age lasted for at least 100,000 years , during which time the world population of Neanderthal and Cro-magnon men was roughly constant , between one and 10 million .
All that time they were burying their dead with artifacts .
( 21 ) By this scenario , they would have buried at least four billion bodies .
( 22 ) If the evolutionary time - scale is correct , buried bones should be able to last for much longer than 100,000 years , so many of the supposed four billion Stone Age skeletons should still be around ( and certainly the buried artifacts ) .
Yet only a few thousand have been found .
This implies that the Stone Age was much shorter than evolutionists think , a few hundred years in many areas .
10 . Agriculture is too recent .
The usual evolutionary picture has men existing as hunters and gatherers for 100,000 years during the Stone Age before discovering agriculture less than 10,000 years ago .
( 21 ) Yet the archaeological evidence shows that Stone Age men were as intelligent as we are .
It is very improbable that none of the four billion people mentioned in item 10 should discover that plants grow from seeds .
It is more likely that men were without agriculture less than a few hundred years after the Flood , if at all .
( 22 ) 11 .
History is too short .
According to evolutionists , Stone Age man existed for 100,000 years before beginning to make written records about 4,000 - 5,000 years ago .
Prehistoric man built megalithic monuments , made beautiful cave paintings , and kept records of lunar phases .
( 23 ) Why would he wait a thousand centuries before using the same skills to record history ?
The biblical time - scale is much more likely .
( 22 ) References Steidl , P.F. , ' Planets , comets , and asteroids ' , Design and Origins in Astronomy , G. Mulfinger , ed. , Creation Research Society Books ( 1983 ) , 5093 Williamsport Drive , Norcross , GA 30092 , pp. 73-106 .
Whipple , F.L. , ' Background of modern comet theory ' , Nature 263 ( 2 September 1976 ) , p. 15 .
Gordeyev , V.V. et al , ' The average chemical composition of suspensions in the world 's rivers and the supply of sediments to the ocean by streams ' , Dockl .
Akad , Nauk. SSSR 238 ( 1980 ) , p. 150 .
Hay , W.W. , et al , ' Mass / age distribution and composition of sediments on the ocean floor and the global rate of subduction ' , Journal of Geophysical Research , 93 , No. B12 ( 10 December 1988 ) , pp. 14,933-14,940 .
Maybeck , M. , ' Concentrations des eaux fluviales en elements majeurs et apports en solution aux oceans ' , Rev. de Geol .
Dyn. Geogr. Phys. 21 ( 1979 ) , p. 215 . Sayles , F.L. and Mangelsdorf , P.C. , ' Cation - exchange characteristics of Amazon River suspended sediment and its reaction with seawater ' , Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta 41 ( 1979 ) , p. 767 .
Austin , S.A. and Humphreys , D.R. , ' The sea 's missing salt : a dilemma for evolutionists ' , Proc. 2nd Internat .
Conf. on Creationism , Vol. II , Creation Science Fellowship ( 1990 ) pp. 17-31 .
Address in ref. 12 . Austin , S.A. , ' Evolution : the oceans say no ! ' , ICR Impact , No. 8 ( October 1973 ) .
Institute for Creation Research , address in ref .
2 . Merrill , R.T. and McElhinney , M.W. , The Earth 's Magnetic Field , Academic Press ( 1983 ) , London , pp. 101-106 .
Humphreys , D.R. , ' Reversals of the Earth 's magnetic field during the Genesis flood ' , Proc. 1st Internat .
Conf. on Creationism ( Aug. 1986 , Pittsburgh ) , Creation Science Fellowship ( 1987 ) 362 Ashland Avenue , Pittsburgh , PA 15228 , Vol. II , pp. 113-126 .
Coe , R.S. , Prvot , M. , and Camps , P. , ' New evidence for extraordinary change of the geomagnetic field during a reversal ' , Nature 374 ( 20 April 1995 ) , pp. 687-92 .
Humphreys , D.R. , ' Physical mechanism for reversals of the Earth 's magnetic field during the flood ' , Proc. 2nd Internat .
Conf. on Creationism , Vol. II , Creation Science Fellowship ( 1990 ) , pp. 129-142 , address in ref. 12 . Austin , S.A. and Morris , J.D. , ' Tight folds and clastic dikes as evidence for rapid deposition and deformation of two very thick stratigraphic sequences ' , Proc. 1st Internat .
Conf. on Creationism , Vol. II , Creation Science Fellowship ( 1986 ) , pp. 3 - 15 , address in ref. 12 . ibid , pp. 11 -12 . Gentry , R.V. , ' Radioactive halos ' , Annual Review of Nuclear Science 23 ( 1973 ) pp. 347-362 . Gentry , R.V. et. al. , ' Radiohalos in coalified wood : new evidence relating to time of uranium introduction and coalification ' , Science 194 ( 15 October 1976 ) pp. 315-318 .
Gentry , R.V. , ' Radiohalos in a Radiochronological and cosmological perspective ' , Science 184 ( 5 April 1974 ) , pp. 62 -66 .
Gentry , R.V. , Creation 's Tiny Mystery , Earth Science Associates ( 1986 ) , P.O. Box 12067 , Knoxville , TN 37912-0067 , pp. 23-37 , 51-59 , 61-62 .
Vardiman , L. , The Age of the Earth 's Atmosphere : a study of the helium flux through the atmosphere , Institute for Creation Research ( 1990 ) , P.O. Box 2667 , El Cajon , CA 92021 .
Gentry , R.V. et al , ' Differential helium retention in zircons : implications for nuclear waste management ' , Geophys .
Res. Lett. 9 , ( October 1982 ) , 1129 -1130 .
See also ref. 20 , pp. 169-170 . Deevey , E.S. , ' The human population ' , Scientific American 203 ( September 1960 ) , pp. 194-204 .
Marshak , A. , ' Exploring the mind of Ice Age man ' , National Geographic 147 ( January 1975 ) , pp. 64 -89 .
Dritt , J.O. , ' Man 's earliest beginnings : discrepancies in the evolutionary timetable ' , Proc. 2nd Internat .
Conf. on Creationism , Vol. I. , Creation Science Fellowship ( 1990 ) , pp. 73-78 , address in ref. 12 .
For information on obtaining a copy of the sources quoted above please contact Creation Ministries International .
Author : Dr. Russell Humphreys , Creation Ex Nihilo 13(3):28 -31 , June - August 1991 .
Supplied by Creation Ministries International Copyright © 1996 , Creation Ministries International , All Rights Reserved — except as noted on attached “ Usage and Copyright ” page that grants ChristianAnswers .
Net users generous rights for putting this page to work in their homes , personal witnessing , churches and schools .
ChristianAnswers .
Net
Christian Answers Network
PO Box 1167
Marysville WA 98270-1167 Submit your Questions
Published online 29 April 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.416
News
A chronology of the H1N1 outbreak .
Swine flu has jumped continents .
Associated Press
A new strain of swine flu - influenza A ( H1N1 ) - is spreading around the globe .
This timeline will be continually updated with key dates , drawing on authoritative information from the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) and other sources .
For more on the situation see the Nature News swine flu special , and read updates on The Great Beyond blog .
26 January 2010 : The WHO defends itself against allegations it overhyped the dangers of H1N1 under pressure from vaccine manufacturers at a hearing of the Council of Europe 's health committee .
" Let me state clearly for the record .
The influenza pandemic policies and responses recommended and taken by WHO were not improperly influenced by the pharmaceutical industry , " says Keiji Fukuda .
2 January 2010 : China 's ministry of health confirms there have been 659 deaths from H1N1 in the country as of 2 January .
A spokesman warns of " the danger of an explosion of outbreaks in some places " .
27 December 2009 : The WHO 1230/en/index.html " > says over than 208 countries , territories and communities have reported H1N1 cases , including " at least " 12,220 deaths .
8 December 2009 : A review 2/b5106 " > in the BMJ warns that there is insufficient evidence for or against using neuraminidase inhibitors ( Relenza and ( Tamiflu ) for preventing influenza complications .
An accompanying editorial says , " The review and a linked investigation undertaken jointly by the BMJ and Channel 4 News cast doubt not only on the effectiveness and safety of oseltamivir ( Tamiflu ) but on the system by which drugs are evaluated , regulated , and promoted . "
19 November 2009 : China says it has dispatched monitoring teams to 12 regions after a high profile doctor suggested some cases of H1N1 might be being deliberately not reported .
After around 65 million people have been vaccinated , the WHO says H1N1 vaccines appear to have an " excellent safety profile " .
None of the deaths investigated in those vaccinated have found a direct link to vaccination .
2 November 2009 : Ministry of Health of Ukraine 1103 / en/index.html " > reports it has recorded over 250,000 cases of influenza - like illness , with 70 deaths .
1 November 2009 : 1106/en/index.html " >WHO reports that more than 199 countries and overseas territories have laboratory confirmed cases of H1N1 , with over 6,000 recorded deaths .
30 October 2009 : Strategic Advisory Group of Experts ( SAGE ) on Immunization issues vaccination advice to the WHO , including use of a single dose of vaccine in adults and adolescents and use of any licensed vaccine for pregnant women .
27 October 2009 : Russian media reports the country 's first H1N1 deaths .
25 October 2009 : This week : vaccinations get underway in many European countries .
18 October 2009 : 1023/en/index.html " > This week , Mongolia , Rwanda , and Sao Tome and Principe issue first reports of H1N1 and Iceland , Sudan , and Trinidad and Tobago reported their first deaths .
30 September 2009 : Australia begins mass swine flu vaccinations .
25 September 2009 : European Medicines Agency recommends approval of two H1N1 vaccines , from Novartis and GlaxoSmithKline .
15 September 2009 : FDA approves four H1N1 vaccines , from CSL Limited , MedImmune LLC , Novartis , and Sanofi Pasteur .
10 September 2009 : Two papers published in the New England Journal of Medicine show two new vaccines against H1N1 are likely to be effective after just one dose ( paper 1 , paper 2 ) .
" The obvious advantage of a one - dose schedule is that , in the current time of vaccine scarcity , it doubles the number of people who may be vaccinated with a fixed amount of vaccine , " writes Kathleen Neuzil , of PATH , in an accompanying editorial .
" On the basis of these data , it would be appropriate to begin vaccination with the use of one dose of the usual antigen content . "
3 September 2009 : Novartis says a trial on 100 subjects shows its H1N1 vaccine is " potentially protective " for 80 % of subjects after one dose and over 90 % after two doses .
21 August 2009 : Healthy victims of swine flu should not routinely be given antiviral drugs , the World Health Organization useantivirals_20090820/en/index.html " > warns .
3 August 2009 : India confirms first death from H1N1 , the victim being a 14 - year old girl in the city of Pune .
29 July 2009 : Researchers from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warn that pregnant women " might be at increased risk for complications from pandemic H1N1 " in a research paper in eventId=login " >
The Lancet ( hithardbyswi.html " > more on this story ) .
28 July 2009 : The death of a 22 year old university student in South Africa marks the first death in sub-Saharan Africa .
Confirmation of H1N1 as the cause comes 3 August .
22 July 2009 : Two Australian companies say they have started human trials of their swine flu vaccines .
16 July 2009 : WHO changes reporting requirements for H1N1 and abandons issuing global tables with numbers of confirmed cases for all countries .
It surveillance20090710 /en/index.html " > notes that the increasing number of cases " is making it extremely difficult , if not impossible , for countries to try and confirm them through laboratory testing " .
8 July 2009 : WHO antiviralresistance_20090708/en/index.html " > says the three incidences of drug resistant H1N1 to date are " sporadic cases " of resistance .
" At this time , there is no evidence to indicate the development of widespread antiviral resistance among pandemic H1N1 viruses . "
2 July 2009 : Japan 's health ministry reports that it too has detected a case of Tamiflu resistant H1N1 .
The UK moves its swine flu response from ' containment ' to ' treatment ' .
" Our national focus should be on treating the increasing numbers affected by swine flu , " says health minister Andy Burnham .
29 June 2009 : The first case of Tamiflu resistant swine flu has been reported in Denmark
24 June 2009 : Argentinian authorities report that a pig at a pig farm in Buenos Aires province has tested positive for the novel H1N1 strain , making it only the second known swine infection outside of Canada .
22 June 2009 : Chinese state news source Xinhua reports tests have begun on the first H1N1 vaccine developed in the country .
19 June 2009 : South Africa confirms its first case of swine flu - offically marking the disease 's spread into sub-Saharan Africa .
14 June 2009 : The first swine flu death in Europe has been reported .
A woman in Scotland who died with H1N1 had " underlying health conditions " , according to the Scottish government .
11 June 2009 : Phase 6 has been declared .
The world is in a full - blown influenza pandemic for the first time in 41 years .
9 June 2009 : The WHO reports that Inuit communities in Canada may be particularly hard - hit .
It continues to face questions as to why a full - blown pandemic has not been declared .
8 June 2009 : The WHO adds a death in the Dominican Republic to its list , bringing the number of countries that have reported deaths to six .
3 June 2009 : H1N1 has reached Africa .
The WHO has 0603/en/index.html " > confirmed a case in Egypt .
Cases in Australia stand at 501 , the largest number outside of the Americas .
A report in Eurosurveillance estimates a reproduction number for the virus — the average number of secondary cases generated by a single primary case — of 2.3 in Japan .
That 's higher than estimates from elsewhere .
The CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report suggests that the outbreak in Mexico may have peaked in late April .
2 June 2009 : The WHO says it is 6 swineflupandemic_get.html " > inching closer to moving its pandemic alert status to phase 6 , which would denote official global pandemic status .
1 June 2009 : June opens with 17,410 cases reported in 62 countries , including newbies like the Bahamas and Estonia .
The death toll in Mexico stands at 97 .
In the US there are or have been cases in all 50 states , including 17 deaths , according to the CDC .
MedImmune , a biotechnology firm in Gaithersburg , Maryland , wins a $ 90 million contract from the federal government to begin developing a live attenuated vaccine for H1N1 .
27 May 2009 : A New England Journal of Medicine article argues , in response to suggestions that the WHO evaluate its criteria for moving to phase 6 and declaring a pandemic , that " the global extent of a pandemic should be described objectively and should be just one factor in decisions about how to respond . "
22 May 2009 : Australia raises its alert level to ' Contain ' , even as the Mexican government relaxes its restrictions in Mexico City .
20 May 2009 : Worldwide case numbers have passed the scientifically meaningless but impressive sounding 10,000 - case mark .
Total number : 10,243 .
18 May 2009 : The day it 0518/en/index.html " > confirmed that 8,829 H1N1 cases have been reported in 40 countries , the WHO has cautioned against complacency .
" This virus may have given us a grace period , but we do not know how long this grace period will last , " assemblyaddress_20090518/en/index.html " > said Margaret Chan , WHO director - general .
" No one can say whether this is just the calm before the storm . "
However the pandemic alert level is still at five today , one level below a full pandemic .
13 May 2009 : As of this morning , 33 countries have reported 5,728 cases of H1N1 to the WHO .
12 May 2009 : The CDC cid=mm58d0512a1e " > notes that it is seeing some severe complications in cases of H1N1 in pregnant women , including one death in the US .
11 May 2009 : The WHO has 0511/en/index.html " > confirmed swine flu deaths in Canada and Costa Rica , bringing the total number of countries where fatalities have occurred to four .
Mexico has reported 48 deaths and the United States three .
Worldwide , 30 countries have officially reported 4694 cases .
A modeling study in Science suggests that the virus spreads at a rate comparable to that of previous influenza pandemics .
8 May 2009 : Brazil reports four cases , bringing the number of affected countries to 25 .
Deaths now stand at 44 worldwide , with 2,500 confirmed cases .
Most newly reported cases in new areas , the WHO says , come from travelers returning from affected areas .
The CDC reports that hospitalization rates in the US are coming down , to 3.5 % , as testing expands to include milder cases .
The Harvard School of Public Health releases a poll in which 83 % of Americans polled say they are satisfied with the way public health officials have managed the outbreak .
Still , 48 % of parents with children in school think they or a family member will come down with H1N1 in the next year .
7 May 2009 : Worldwide confirmed cases are now at 2,371 .
6 May 2009 : WHO 0506d/en/index.html " > confirms swine flu cases in Sweden and Guatemala .
5 May 2009 : Mexico's H1N1 shutdown should begin to ease tomorrow , with restaurants and cafes set to reopen .
The latest 0505/en/index.html " >WHO figures say the virus has now spread to 21 countries .
Mexico has reported 590 cases and 25 deaths while the United States has reported 286 cases and one death .
However , the Texas Department of State Health Services has confirmed a second person has died in the United States .
The DSHS says a woman with " chronic underlying health conditions " died earlier this week .
The following countries have reported cases but no deaths : Austria , Canada , China ( Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ) , Costa Rica , Colombia , Denmark , El Salvador , France , Germany , Ireland , Israel , Italy , Netherlands , New Zealand , Portugal , Republic of Korea , Spain , Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
4 May 2009 : Colombia joins the club .
There are now 985 cases in 20 countries .
Mexico is up to 25 deaths , but officials there say the disease seems to be on the decline .
3 May 2009 : Ireland and Italy each report one case .
898 cases are now reported .
2 May 2009 : China ( Hong Kong special administrative region ) , Costa Rica , Denmark , France , and the Republic of Korea join the list .
Total cases reported to the WHO are now at 658 in 16 countries .
Canadian authorities announce that H1N1 has been detected in a swine herd in Alberta .
The pigs likely caught the virus from a Canadian who had recently visited Mexico , making this the first known case of human - to - animal transmission .
1 May 2009 : As of this morning , 331 cases of H1N1 have been reported in 11 countries .
According to the 0501/en/index.html " >WHO , the worst outbreaks are still in Mexico ( 156 cases and nine deaths ) and the United States ( 109 cases and one death ) .
30 April 2009 : Austria , Switzerland and the Netherlands join the 0430_a/en/index.html " >
WHO list of countries with confirmed cases .
The agency also announces it will refer to the virus not as swine flu but as influenza A( H1N1 ) .
29 April 2009 : The WHO raises pandemic level alert to phase 5 , " a strong signal that a pandemic is imminent " .
First swine - flu death outside Mexico reported as a baby dies in Texas .
161/nn200120/DE/Content/Service/Presse/Pressemitteilungen/2009/082009.html"
>
Germany joins European countries with H1N1 and confirms three swine flu cases .
The WHO confirms 7 more cases in Canada , bringing the total number there to 13 .
28 April 2009 : Seven countries are now reporting 0428/en/index.html " > confirmed cases of H1N1 swine flu : the United States , Mexico , Canada , New Zealand , the United Kingdom , Israel and Spain .
27 April 2009 : Canada reports six cases of swine flu and Spain reports one .
In the United States 40 people have flu confirmed .
In Mexico 26 cases are confirmed , with 7 deaths resulting .
Estimates for the true number of deaths hover around 80 .
The WHO 0427/en/index.html " > raises pandemic alert level to 4 having confirmed human - to - human transmission able to cause ' community - level outbreaks ' .
" Phase 4 indicates a significant increase in risk of a pandemic but does not necessarily mean that a pandemic is a forgone conclusion , " says the organisation .
25 April 2009 : WHO director - general , Margaret Chan calls the flu problem " a public health emergency of 0425/en/index.html " > international concern " .
23 April 2009 : Officials issue orders to close schools in Mexico City , beginning a process of limiting public crowds .
Three major soccer [ futbol ] games around Mexico City close stadium gates to all fans the weekend of April 25 - 26 , with games broadcast on television .
Stadium closures continue through May 2 - 3 .
21 April 2009 : CDC laboratories confirm two cases in California .
Three additional cases confirmed the next day , with two more in Texas added the day after .
28 March 2009 : Earliest onset date of swine flu reaching the United States , according to the CDC .
18 March 2009 : Federal District of Mexico 0424/en/index.html " > begins to pick up cases of swine flu .
THE LAST FORWARDED EMAIL I commented on was about politics and economics .
This one is about religion and God :
The following is kind of neat .
30 years ago , when I was invincible in my own mind , I would n't have even read this .
At almost 62 , I occasionally think about where am I going to go when it is time to get there .
And it has occurred to me that being without faith all these years may not have been the wisest choice .
I look at my boss , who is as devout an atheist as there ever was , and I will defend to the death his right to go to Hell .
And I 'm not sure I want to be in Hell when he shows up , asking me if we can get all the Devils into wanting their horns cleaned .
After all , at that point , I 'm retired .
And so I look at the following story and decide that I guess I do n't need it proven to me .
I 've got a better shot at winging it on faith .
Dr. Steve
Legend of the Cherokee :
Do you know the legend of the Cherokee Indian youth 's rite of Passage ?
His father takes him into the forest , blindfolds him and leaves him alone .
He is required to sit on a stump the whole night and not remove the blindfold until the rays of the morning sun shine through it .
He can not cry out for help to anyone .
Once he survives the night , he is a MAN .
He cannot tell the other boys of this experience , because each lad must come into manhood on his own .
The boy is naturally terrified .
He can hear all kinds of noises .
Wild beasts must surely be all around him .
Maybe even some human might do him harm .
The wind blew the grass and earth , and shook his stump , but he sat stoically , never removing the blindfold .
It would be the only way he could become a man !
Finally , after a horrific night the sun appeared and he removed his blindfold .
It was then that he discovered his father sitting on the stump next to him .
He had been at watch the entire night , protecting his son from harm .
We , too , are never alone .
Even when we do n't know it , God is watching over us , sitting on the stump beside us .
When trouble comes , all we have to do is reach out to Him .
Moral of the story : Just because you can't see God , does n't mean
He is not there .
' For we walk by faith , not by sight . '
I 'm not really interested in debunking this one , in the sense of proving it wrong .
The questions it raises , for me , are more questions about the worldview of the person who wrote the original , and the worldview of the person who wrote the introduction .
I can't imagine how any sane person — especially a Christian — could seriously endorse such a strange set of ideas .
This is the kind of thing I would have cringed at when I was religious .
The presenter — " Dr. Steve " — begins by claiming the worst motivation for religious faith I can imagine : fear of Hell .
He does n't believe in God because he thinks there 's any evidence that God exists , but because he 's hedging his bets .
I never understood that argument , even in — I should say , especially in — my religious days .
It 's irrational .
If I do n't believe the boogie man exists , why would I be afraid he would send me to Hell ?
Or , to turn it inside out , what can it possibly mean to believe or " have faith " that God exists , if the entire basis of that faith is the fear that if he exists he 'll punish you for not believing ?
It makes my brain hurt .
But on to the parable itself .
It has two characters , the boy and the father .
We are told , at the end , that the father is supposed to be an analogy for God , and the boy is supposed to stand for humans like you and me .
So this is the situation the story paints :
God intentionally lies to us .
The father quite intentionally misleads the boy , making him think he is alone , when he is not .
God is willing to inflict terror on us .
The father sits beside the boy , knowing full well that the boy is going through the most excruciating terror , and does nothing .
God does not want us to have faith in him , or believe he is there .
The entire exercise , as ill - conceived as it is , would not even work by its own lights if the boy had " faith " in his father .
The whole point is that he does not have faith that his father is there , that , in fact , he believes he is not there .
God will instantly intervene if we are in danger , and does not require faith in order to exercise this protection .
The father is sitting , right beside the boy , all night .
The boy does not know he is there , has no " faith " .
Yet , had a real bear appeared , the father would have intervened to save him .
And , by the way , the boy in this scenario is an atheist .
He does not believe the father is there , he does not ask for the father 's help , and he makes it through the night by facing his own fears , by himself , in the darkness , alone .
This is how he proves he is an adult , and not a child .
This is how he shows himself praiseworthy .
The author of the story , and " Dr. Steve " , seem to think that this story endorses , not the bravery of the young man , but the cowardice of a person who will believe out of fear .
They seem to think that it demonstrates a God who wants us to know he is there , who will not intervene to help us unless we figure out that he is there and ask for help , and who will send us to Hell for not figuring it out .
Hmm .
My brain hurts .
At least , that 's what I think today .
Britney Spears sings with no music track .
Cover your ears .
Let ’s get right to the point .
Because nothing we could write could possibly be funnier than the sound of Britney Spears singing without a music track .
In fact , there are lots of things we ’d rather hear before we have to listen to Britney sing again .
For example , the hideous screeching of a she devil giving birth .
The mournful wailing of a coyote whose leg is caught in trap .
The sound of lunatic eating his own tongue .
But we ’re feeling charitable today , so let ’s just say , “ Ladies and gentlemen , here ’s Britney Spears . ”
BELLINGHAM , Washington ( CNN ) --
After 11 years of living illegally in the United States , it was not until Gerardo Arreola Gonzalez was nearly deported that he finally received permission to work here .
No longer illegal : Gerardo Arreola Gonzalez holds up the card authorizing his employment in the United States .
Arreola was one of 28 illegal immigrant workers arrested in February after agents from U.S. Immigration Customs and Enforcement raided a car engine repair business .
According to the immigrants , a small army of federal agents surrounded Yamato Engine Specialists in Bellingham Washington , and began searching for workers who could not show they had authorization to work in the United States .
" My blood ran cold , " Arreola said in Spanish .
" We went to the back door , but they were waiting for us .
There was a bus already there , and they put us on it . "
As he was being taken to an immigration detention center , Arreola said he thought of his wife and the five children they have had while living here and who are U.S. citizens by birth .
He expected to be deported back to Mexico , Arreola said , and he was doubtful about when he would see his family again .
" I would have been there and they would have been here , " he said .
" I would have had to come back .
I could n't take them there .
My children do n't know anything about Mexico .
They go to school here . "
Watch Arreola and others discuss the raid »
Typically , cases like Arreola 's end in deportation .
According to ICE , some 5,173 people were arrested last year in similar worksite raids .
However , the Bellingham raid was the first of its kind to take place during the Obama administration .
During the presidential campaign , then - candidate Obama 's criticism of government immigration policies that split up families had given some people in immigrant communities hope that the raids would end if he were elected .
" Under the Obama administration , we did n't expect it to happen that people would be dragged out in handcuffs , " said Rosalinda Guillen , a Bellingham immigrant rights advocate .
Many in the area strongly opposed the raid , Guillen said .
" This is a really heavy Obama - supporting county , " she said .
" So a lot of folks here had been in involved in the election . "
Immediately after the raid , she said , " the calls , the e-mails started and networks were activated . "
Guillen said the controversy over the raid was featured heavily on Hispanic radio stations and that a charity called Los Niños Fund was created to help the children of the jailed immigrants .
During a hearing before the House Committee on Homeland Security the day after the Bellingham raid , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano distanced herself from the action .
Worksite enforcements , she said , should focus " on employers who intentionally and knowingly exploit the illegal labor market . "
Napolitano promised lawmakers that she would " get to the bottom " of what happened in Bellingham .
Napolitano 's comments turned the heat up on the already boiling debate over how immigration policies should be reformed .
" Get to the bottom of what ?
Law enforcement officers enforcing the law ? " asked Ira Mehlman of the Federation for American Immigration Reform , a nonprofit group that advocates more border security and decreasing the number of illegal immigrants entering the country .
" The message is if you are hiring illegal aliens , ' no problem . '
If you are in the country illegally , unless you commit a serious felony we are not going to bother you , so it 's a de facto amnesty , " Mehlman said .
" Even if the administration cannot get an amnesty through Congress this year , what they are going to do is through administrative decisions allow everybody to remain here and send the signal that more people are welcome . "
Amy Kudwa , a spokeswoman for the Department of Homeland Security , said there was no policy shift and that other worksite immigration inspections had taken place since the Bellingham raid .
But Rosalinda Guillen said people in the pro-immigrant rights community were heartened by the fact that shortly after Napolitano ordered a review of the Bellingham case the immigrant workers who were still in immigration detention were released .
" I was just flabbergasted , " Guillen said .
And the same immigration agents who had arrested the workers , she said , now promised them visas that would allow them to work temporarily in the U.S .
" Homeland Security drove them to the place where they had to go to fill out the paperwork for the work permits , " she said " That is totally unheard of . "
A spokeswoman for the ICE Seattle office declined to comment on the case because the raid is under review and the investigation into the company where the immigrants worked is still ongoing .
Several days after the workers ' release , ICE agents again searched Yamato Engine Specialists .
The company did not respond to repeated CNN requests for comment , but a statement posted on its
Web site reads : " It has been and continues to be Yamato 's policy to hire people only if they meet the legal requirements for employment . "
Several of the workers who were arrested said immigration agents have asked if they suffered any abuse while working for Yamato .
Gerardo Arreola Gonzalez said the company did not mistreat him during the months he worked there soldering car engines .
But Yamato did not verify his immigration status when he first arrived at the company , Arreola said .
" I filled out my application and did the interview .
They asked if my papers were good , " Arreola said .
" You say ' yes , ' otherwise you do n't get the job . "
All About Immigration • U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Apple on Thursday began inviting many of its iPhone developers to begin live testing of applications that will make use of the company 's upcoming Push Notifications service .
" Start testing your applications using the Apple Push Notification service today , " the company said in an email blast to registered iPhone developers .
" Log in to the iPhone Dev Center and review the Apple Push Notification Programming Guide and Getting Started video . "
Apple explained that Team Agents can log in to the iPhone Developer Program Portal and proceed to the App ID section to perform the necessary steps needed for developers to enable and test applications using the new service .
Under development for nearly a year now , the push notifications service is Apple 's alternative to allowing true background processes — which chew up system resources and rapidly drain battery life — on its iPhone and iPod touch handhelds .
Instead , the iPhone maker 's approach calls for applications that can quit but continue to " listen " for data on a universal network channel capable of sending messages and other notifications .
This frees up system resources while still permitting applications , such as instant message clients , to keep an ear out for incoming transmissions .
While previewing iPhone Software 3.0 last month , which will be the first version of the software to support the push service , iPhone software chief Scott Forstall said devices running rival mobile operating systems from RIM and Microsoft see standby time fall by 80 percent or more with background processes enabled .
In contrast , Apple 's tests show its push notification system inflicts only a 23 percent hit on standby time when enabled .
It will allow developers to push a handful of different notifications to users who request the updates , namely icon badges , text messages , and alert sounds .
Until today , live testing of the push notification service was believed to be restricted to an extremely small subset of developers .
While seeding iPhone Software 3.0 beta 2 last week , Apple told developers that they could begin writing applications that make use of the service , but warned that access to test those applications live would be limited at first , gradually expanding to more developers over time .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A record 31.8 million Americans received food stamps at the latest count , an increase of 700,000 people in one month with the United States in recession , government figures showed on Thursday .
Food stamps , which help poor people buy groceries , are the major U.S. anti-hunger program , forecast to cost at least $ 51 billion in this fiscal year ending September 30 , up $ 10 billion from fiscal 2008 .
“ A weakened economy means that many more individuals are turning to SNAP / food stamps , ” said the Food Research and Action Center .
Last summer food stamps were renamed the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , or SNAP .
The average food stamp benefit is $ 115 a month for individuals and $ 255 a month per household .
Enrollment for food stamps in December was up 2.2 percent from the previous month with increases in all but three states .
Ohio had the largest increase among large states , up 3.4 percent , to 1.26 million people .
Texas had the largest enrollment , 3.05 million , up 1.8 percent .
The previous record for food stamp enrollment was 31.6 million last September , which included “ disaster ” stamps for states hit by hurricanes and floods .
In April , food stamp benefits will increase temporarily by 13 percent under provisions of the recently enacted economic stimulus law .
Ellen Vollenger of the Food Research and Action Center said some families will see increases of $ 80 a month .
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt has a simple message :
The clean - energy revolution is a money - spinner .
At the WSJ 's ECO : nomics conference in California , Mr. Schmidt was asked how he would respond to Google shareholders who worry the Internet titan is taking its eye off the ball by paying so much attention lately to alternative energy .
" Money ...
1. Improving memory
Chess players will always strive to improve their games so that they can win more games .
This incentive of satisfaction in working out a win provides an urge to learn the opening theories , the variations , tactics in middle game , end game theories and so on .
Through your effort to memorize such things , you will find an improvement in your memory .
Like body muscles , memory also needs exercise to develop .
Playing chess automatically provides this exercise .
The improved memory has another positive effect .
It helps to guard against the onset of Alzheimer ’s disease that tends to affect a good number of people at their old age .
2. Improving concentration
The very nature of chess requires a player to concentrate on his own moves and his opponent ’s .
This continues from move to move and you try to be alert so that you do not make a wrong move or fall into some trap laid by the opponent .
This type of focused thinking helps the concentration power of your mind .
3. Stoking imagination and creativity
Because of continued research by experts to find the best openings for both the players , you will often find the same set of initial moves .
But have you ever found any research on the best set of middle game moves ?
No , because the possibilities are so numerous that no one can foresee how the game will move .
In middle game , you are on your own and you see the complex positions in your own way .
You also try to visualize the position after your own set of planned moves and the opponent ’s expected responses .
Thus , you get to be creative and your imagination provides the lead .
Your ability in other fields gets a boost through the development of these aspects of your mind .
4. Developing logical thinking
In chess , neither you nor your opponent makes a move randomly .
Each has certain plans and ideas , and moves are made to give shape to it .
This is an automatic logical process and over a time , this kind of thinking becomes a habit in your other activities also .
5. Building self - confidence
When you are playing , you are the master of your decisions as there is nobody else to help you out .
You take those decisions after analyzing the game situations to the best of your capability .
This builds up the mental strength to take decisions in other situations in life and that develops your self - confidence also .
Even when you lose games , you will not get deterred if you are in the habit of post - play analysis to find out where you went wrong and this knowledge will add to your confidence .
6. Improving ability to plan
In chess , you are always planning your actions and trying to foresee what results will be achieved through those actions .
This planning ability will soon become your second nature .
7. Improving overall mental abilities
Any chess game will try your patience and nerves and test your will - power to prevail upon your opponent .
Your mind will benefit from these demands of the game .
If you are a chess enthusiast and play games regularly , you will get not only the above benefits but also many others if you think about it .
Countries that stand in the way of a global warming treaty now risk international isolation because of the US 's new commitment under Barack Obama to reaching a deal , the climate change secretary , Ed Miliband has said .
Miliband , who was in Washington this week , meeting members of Obama 's green team , said the change in the administration had dramatically improved the prospects for reaching an agreement at a UN summit in Copenhagen in December .
" There is a real important point about the change that Obama creates and that is that nobody really wants to be the country that wrecks this global deal , " Miliband said .
Obama campaigned on a promise to commit America to a climate change treaty and to create new green jobs .
His predecessor , George Bush , made America a climate change pariah by rejecting the Kyoto protocol , arguing that it would hurt US business interests while making no demands on emerging economies like China and India .
Other nations were able to point to the non-cooperation of the US , then the world 's biggest polluter , as a reason for inaction .
The Obama White House 's determination to seal a deal , restated even as the Administration seeks ways to combat the economic recession , has raised optimism about the prospects at Copenhagen , Miliband said .
" There is a real determination in the administration to try to meet the December 2009 deadline for an agreement and I think that is incredibly encouraging , " he said .
" There is a real sense of optimism that has created not just in Washington but in Europe and elsewhere . "
Miliband said he discussed co-operation on the development of carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) technology , which could bury emissions from coal power stations , with the US energy secretary , Steve Chu .
The US and UK are to hold a summit next month to try to push ahead with those efforts .
Britain 's climate change secretary said it was in the interests of both Britain and America to try to research as wide a range of technologies as possible to produce the " clean " coal power he believes will be needed in the future .
" We have to join together all the intelligence there is on carbon capture and storage , " he said .
" We need to look at all the different technologies that exist . "
CCS technology is unproven at commercial scale and will be costly to develop , but many see it as essential given that countries with large coal reserves , such as the US and China , are very likely to rely on those reserves for power .
Obama has cast the pressures of climate change and economic recession as an opportunity .
He argues that it is possible to craft a short - term fix with policies that would lay the foundation for a low carbon economy .
His $ 787bn recovery package contains some $ 100bn in green investment for insulating federal government buildings and private homes , upgrading America 's electrical grid , expanding public transport , and research for clean coal technology .
The administration describes the green aspects of the recovery plan as a first step towards that new economy promised by Obama .
It is looking to Congress to pass legislation later this year to expand the use of renewable energy such as wind and solar .
The White House has also been working closely with Congress to try to build political support for a global climate change treaty .
Despite those efforts , however , administration officials admit that there may not be the political support in Congress to pass legislation reducing greenhouse gas emissions before Copenhagen .
Some leaders , such as Denmark 's climate minister , Connie Hedegaard , argue America will be unable to play a leadership role without that tangible demonstration of commitment .
However , Miliband said America could still lead .
" What is really important is that the US shows ambition to get a global deal and shows ambitions in its commitment , " he said .
" They are serious about this and they mean business . "
Confronted with clear evidence that she tried to obstruct justice in the case of Steve Rosen and Keith Weissman — two former top AIPAC officials slated to go on trial for espionage on June 2 — Rep.
Jane Harman , a California Democrat , did what politicians usually do when forced to face unpleasant facts : she brazened it out .
In a response to the Congressional Quarterly piece by Jeff Stein that has proved such an entertaining embarrassment , she brayed :
“ These claims are an outrageous and recycled canard , and have no basis in fact .
I never engaged in any such activity .
Those who are peddling these false accusations should be ashamed of themselves . ”
Notice how she does n’t deny saying that she would “ engage in any such activity , ” i.e. that she would intervene with the Bush White House and the Justice Department to get the charges in the Rosen - Weissman case reduced or dropped — instead , she says she never kept her promise to the “ suspected Israeli agent , ” as the CQ piece described her interlocutor .
What ?
A politician who breaks a promise ?
I ’m shocked ! — shocked !
Seriously , though , from this one might infer that Harman is utterly shameless , but , then again , maybe not .
On Wednesday night , she showed up at the Shakespeare Theatre Company ’s glitzy “ Welcome to Washington ” event , although , as Roll Call reported , “ she kept a low profile .
[ Heard on the Hill ] spotted the Congresswoman entering the theater in darkness just after the curtain went up , and then saw her slip out while performers gave their final bows . ”
As Shakespeare put it in Cymbelline :
“ Though those that are betrayed
Do feel the treason sharply , yet the traitor
Stands in worse case of woe . ”
Could it be that Harman does have a sense of shame — or was she just trying to avoid reporters ?
In any case , Rep. Harman is not alone in her shamelessness , not as long as there are people like David Frum around .
Frum , you ‘ll recall , is the author of the “ axis of evil ” trope , fired from his White House speechwriting job for grandstanding — or , rather , for his wife ’s grandstanding — and now embarked on a crusade to save the GOP from “ extremism ” — this from a man who wrote a book calling for the invasion of nearly every country in the Middle East , and advocating total surveillance of the American people by government authorities .
He also wrote a deranged piece for National Review that attacked antiwar conservatives as “ traitors . ”
This last is a bit much to take given his latest : a piece portraying Harman — and Rosen and Weissman — as “ heroes , ” and smearing US prosecutors as anti-Semites and worse .
According to Frum , the thievery of vital US intelligence engaged in by Rosen and Weissman — stealing highly classified secrets related to Al Qaeda , providing documents revealing internal US government discussions , and various other sensitive items — never happened .
These acts are described in the indictment , but Frum is n’t interested in the indictment , or in even knowing the details of the government ’s case .
All that he tells us is that “ the story is almost insanely complicated ” — when it actually is n’t at all complicated , unless one is trying willfully to misunderstand the charges and their basis in fact .
Rosen and Weissman systematically milked former Pentagon analyst Larry Franklin for top secret information to which he had access , and he handed over a veritable treasure trove of secrets : Franklin kept over 80 top secret documents , filched from Pentagon files , at his home , doubtless for reference in case his handlers ( Rosen and Weissman ) needed to answer an inquiry from their handler ( Naor Gilon , chief of political affairs at the Israeli embassy ) .
The spy nest met over a period of two years , always after taking elaborate security precautions : the indictment details one meeting during which the spies switched locations three times .
These guys knew what they were doing was treasonous , and rightly feared they were being followed .
None of this makes it into Frum ’s narrative , however .
Instead , he narrowly focuses in on one detail of the case , and comes up with a truly lame “ explanation ” for the arrest and alleged “ persecution ” of all involved :
“ Elements within the FBI and other U.S. agencies have been convinced for years that Israeli spy agencies have penetrated the U.S. government .
These anti-Israel elements responded with what spy types call a ‘ mole hunt ’ — a ferocious search for the suspected infiltrator .
Again and again , the search has turned up empty .
But from the point of view of a mole hunter , nothing is more damning than the absence of evidence :
The inability to discover the mole only proves the mole ’s vicious cunning ! ”
Gee , they thought a “ mole ” had penetrated our national security defenses — now why do you suppose they thought that ?
From the point of view of a committed Israel - Firster like Frum , there can never be such a creature as an Israeli mole , and so a “ mole hunt ” only proves the inherent wickedness ( and ill - disguised anti-Semitism ) of the hunters .
And of course , these mole - hunters are “ anti- Israel ” — never mind that their job requires them to protect US national security , no matter what country is trying to penetrate our defenses .
We all have a duty to look the other way !
Frum cites a supposed “ lack of evidence , ” and yet refuses to even so much as mention the details of the government ’s case — except in one instance , which he manages to get totally wrong .
Frum writes :
“ At last , in October 2005 the mole hunters found their man : a career Defense Department employee named Larry Franklin .
Franklin ’s offense ?
Brace yourself …
“ Franklin had learned of U.S. intelligence reports that Iranian sabotage teams were operating inside Iraqi Kurdistan .
These reports were being disregarded for a reason very familiar in the Bush years :
They contained uncomfortable news that higher - ups did not wish to know .
“ Franklin , however , thought the information important — maybe vitally important .
He thought it needed to be pushed up the organization chart .
Lacking the clout to move the information himself , he decided to do what frustrated officials often do :
He leaked it .
“ Specifically , he leaked the information to two employees — American citizens both — of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , in hope that they could galvanize a response from their contacts in the White House .
The two , Steve Rosen and Keith Weissman , shared Franklin ’s information with journalists , colleagues , and the Israeli embassy .
For this action , all three were charged with criminal offenses . ”
In reality , the story about Iranian “ sabotage teams ” in Kurdistan was completely made up — by the “ mole - hunters , ” i.e. the FBI ’s counterespionage unit , which had been watching Franklin ( as well as his handlers ) ever since he showed up at a luncheon attended by Rosen , Weissman , and Naor Gilon , volunteering to commit espionage on Israel ’s behalf .
They tracked his movements , and listened in on his phone conversations , as he responded to requests for specific information from Rosen and Weissman .
After clearly establishing their target ’s criminal intent , the G - men pounced , showing up at Franklin ’s Kearneysville , West Virginia , home and confronting him with his treason .
Franklin admitted his crimes , and agreed to help the feds nab his accomplices in exchange for leniency .
Toward that end , the FBI planted a story — the Kurdistan “ sabotage team ” story — and sent a “ turned ” Franklin to meet with his co-conspirators .
Franklin told Rosen and Weissman that Israelis who had infiltrated Kurdistan and were engaged in “ training ” Kurdish militias were in mortal danger from Iranian “ saboteurs , ” and that furthermore this information was highly classified : he warned them not to use it .
It did n’t take too long for them to leak it , bigtime , not only to the Israeli embassy and other AIPAC employees , but to the media as well .
The point of planting this story was to clearly establish the criminal intent of the two AIPAC spies and seal the legal case against them .
It ’s not clear whether Frum just does n’t know what he ’s talking about , or if he ’s deliberately using this story to throw up a smokescreen so as to avoid mentioning the real crimes of Rosen and Weissman — in Frum ’s case , I would tilt toward the latter .
Whatever — the fact is that Frum is misinforming his readers on a story that is easily checked .
Whether it ’s sheer laziness , or the habit of deception , I leave to my readers ( and Frum ’s editors ) to decide .
While Frum ’s response to the Harman spy scandal is all too predictable , the response from Congress has been to call for an investigation — not of Harman , but of those who uncovered her corruption !
If Rep. Harman was overheard telling an Israeli agent that she ’d help him get the charges dropped or reduced , in return for political favors from AIPAC — then it ’s the eavesdroppers who ’re at fault and must be brought to justice .
It does n’t seem to matter that the FBI went before a judge and got approval before they started listening in — nor does the fact that they were n’t listening in on Harman , specifically , but on the “ suspected Israeli agent . ”
All the Democratic - controlled Congress is concerned with is protecting one of its own .
I might add that the Republicans , who are usually quick to pounce on the merest hint of scandal in Democratic ranks , have said not one word about Harman ’s embarrassing ties to a spy nest — not a peep .
Which makes sense , because they ’re just as firmly in the Lobby ‘s pocket as the Democrats in Congress .
Not to mention that whiff of Bush era corruption wafting into the room once we take into account the quashing of the investigation into Harman by then - Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , who saved her skin by averring “ We need Jane . ” Rep. Harman was the Bush administration ’s biggest Democratic ally when it came to massively violating the civil liberties of Americans .
Both parties are in this up to their necks .
That ’s why Obama ’s Justice Department is now openly leaking the information that they ’re considering dropping the charges against the AIPAC spies — with nary a protest from either side of the aisle .
It looks like Harman , Frum , and the Lobby have won , after all — despite the mountains of evidence against Rosen and Weissman , and the protests of hardworking patriotic law enforcement officials who are dismayed and demoralized by the blank check our Justice Department is giving Israel to spy and steal our secrets with impunity .
They leaked the dirt on Harman out of desperation , in the hope that popular outrage would prevent Israel ’s American spies from beating the law and slithering back to their nests .
These decisions , of course , are never made in a vacuum : it ’s all about politics , and the politic thing to do is to give in to the Lobby , and neo-Pollardites like Frum .
Overseas , this will score the administration some brownie points in Israel , and perhaps soften the right - wing government ’s increasingly intransigent stance against the new American president , while domestically it will placate and temporarily silence a vocal claque of critics .
After all , what else could we expect a self - proclaimed “ pragmatist ” to do ?
In a better world , a member of Congress caught on tape agreeing to obstruct justice at the request of an agent of a foreign power would have stepped down as soon as the news hit the headlines .
In our shameless era , however , that is n’t likely to happen .
Instead , the spies will get off , Israel will continue to steal us blind , and a trial that would have shocked the American people and portrayed Israel in a far more realistic light than our news media dares will never take place .
How ’s that for change we can believe in ?
However , it does n’t have to turn out that way .
It could be that the patriotic , pro-national security counter - intelligence officials who have exposed the AIPAC spy nest and their enablers in government will have their hopes vindicated — their hope that the American people will protest once they understand how and why espionage is allowed to be practiced openly in our nation ’s capital , protected and defended in the very halls of Congress .
The outlook of this shocking case does n’t look too good at the moment , but that could change — if enough Americans are informed and angry enough to protest .
The decision to drop the case , as of this writing , has yet to be made : it ’s only that they ’re considering dropping it .
There ’s just one way to lodge your protest , at this point , and that is to contact the US Attorney ’s office in the Eastern District of Virginia , where the case is being tried .
Remember , there are no doubt people in that office fighting to keep this case alive — so be polite .
Briefly express your disappointment upon reading news reports that the case might be dropped , and your hope that this is not the case .
Call 703-299-3700 — and remember , be nice !
Or , better yet , write a letter , send a telegram , or whatever , and address it to :
US Attorney
Justin W. Williams United States Attorney ’s Building
2100 Jamieson Ave
Alexandria , VA 22314
SUPREME COURT OF NOVA SCOTIA Citation : R. v. Hutchinson , 2009 NSSC 51 Date : 20090122 Docket : CR 298348 Registry : Halifax Between : Her Majesty the Queen v. Craig Jaret Hutchinson LIBRARY HEADING
Judge : The Honourable Justice Gerald R P Moir Heard : 19 , 21 , and 22 January 2009 at Halifax Written Decision : Oral decision transcribed and signed on 23 February 2009 Subject : Sexual assault ; Proof of consent ; Fraud vitiating consent Summary :
The evidence showed that a couple regularly had sex , but the complainant always insisted on condoms .
The defendant deceitfully poked holes in all her condoms .
On a motion for a directed verdict , the defendant argued that a trier of fact could not find that the threshold for vitiation of consent , exposure to a significant risk of serious bodily harm , had been met .
Issue :
Whether the evidence was sufficient that a trier of fact could convict ?
Result : Motion allowed and acquittal entered .
The evidence of the experts makes it clear that pregnancy and abortion are usually safe , and risk of serious bodily harm is remote rather than " significant " .
THIS INFORMATION SHEET DOES NOT FORM PART OF THE COURT'S DECISION .
QUOTES MUST BE FROM THE DECISION , NOT THIS LIBRARY SHEET .
SUPREME COURT OF NOVA SCOTIA
Citation : R. v. Hutchinson , 2009 NSSC 51 Date : 20090122 Docket : CR 298348 Registry : Halifax Between : Her Majesty the Queen v. Craig Jaret Hutchinson __________________________________________________________________
D E C I S I O N __________________________________________________________________
Judge : The Honourable Justice Gerald R P Moir
Heard : 19 , 21 , and 22 January 2009 at Halifax Written Decision : Oral decision transcribed and signed on 23 February 2009 Counsel : Ms. Jennifer MacLellan and Ms. Lazina Khan , Law Student , for the Crown Mr. Patrick MacEwen , for the defence
Moir , J ( Orally ) : [ 1 ]
Introduction .
Mr. Craig Hutchinson is charged with aggravated sexual assault because he deceived his girlfriend by secretly poking holes in the condoms they used when having sex .
The Crown presented its evidence and , on behalf of Mr. Hutchinson , Mr. MacEwen moves for a directed verdict . [ 2 ]
I must acquit on the offence charged , and included offences of sexual assault causing bodily harm , simple sexual assault , and assault , if the Crown has failed to present evidence on which a properly instructed jury , acting reasonably and accepting the evidence , could find guilt on the offence charged , or on an included offence .
Otherwise , I must dismiss the motion . [ 3 ]
Evidence going to sexual assault .
The complainant was in her early thirties when she formed an intimate relationship with a co-worker , Mr. Hutchinson .
The relationship lasted for about nine months , until she told him it was over .
She did so on November 1 , 2006 . [ 4 ]
The complainant gave evidence which , if believed , makes it very clear that she wanted to avoid pregnancy , that condoms would be used except during her period , and that Mr. Hutchinson understood her requirements .
[ 5 ]
The couple had sex three or four times a week .
Condoms were always used except during periods when the complainant understood pregnancy was impossible .
One of the experts advises me that it is possible but it ’s rare .
A condom broke on only one occasion , and the complainant worried until her next period occurred at the expected time , August 5 , 2006 .
Condoms were kept at his home , and at hers .
In her home , they were kept in a box , in the drawer of her bedside table with other private things . [ 6 ]
In July or August , the complainant started to consider ending the relationship .
She discussed this , off and on , with Mr. Hutchinson , who very much wanted the relationship to continue .
His behaviour started to change .
He did things that seemed odd . [ 7 ]
After months of apparently enjoying it , he refused to let her put a condom on him .
One day he became upset when discussing a possible breakup .
Oddly , he went into her bedroom , closed the door , and sat near the bedside table . [ 8 ]
In early September , Mr. Hutchinson insisted on a pregnancy test , although condoms had been used consistently .
The complainant took a test and it was negative .
He insisted on another .
A September 5 , 2006 test was positive apparently . [ 9 ]
After this , and before the complainant decided to have an abortion , the relationship declined .
It was ended on November 1 , 2006 . [ 10 ]
On November 5th , Mr. Hutchinson sent his ex-girlfriend a series of text messages .
They included ·
To protect you I need to tell you something I did two months ago .
· Throw your condoms away .
I poked holes in all .
· I wanted a baby with you so bad I sabotaged the condoms . [ 11 ]
After receiving these messages , the complainant took out her box of condoms .
Every one has a hole in it . [ 12 ]
The complainant ’s family physician estimated the pregnancy to have dated from September 4 , 2006 .
The doctor who performed the abortion requests that her name not be used publicly .
She studied the fetus ’ remains after the abortion and determined that the fetus was nine weeks old .
That puts conception at September 14 , 2006 . [ 13 ]
Use of sabotaged condoms .
The Crown ’s primary position is that the complainant consented to sex , but her consent was vitiated by fraud through Mr. Hutchinson ’s deceitful use of the sabotaged condoms .
The first issue raised in defence is that the Crown has not produced any direct evidence that Mr. Hutchinson ever used one of the defective condoms , and the circumstantial evidence is too weak to support a conviction . [ 14 ]
In my assessment , the circumstantial evidence , assuming it is accepted , is strong enough that a properly instructed trier of fact , acting reasonably , could conclude that the Crown has proved , beyond a reasonable doubt , that Mr. Hutchinson got the complainant pregnant by wearing a sabotaged condom . [ 15 ]
There is evidence , to be accepted or rejected by the trier of fact , tending to prove all of the following : · Mr. Hutchinson made a plan to get the complainant pregnant by using punctured condoms .
·
He poked holes in all of the condoms in the box from which he took condoms during sex at her home .
·
Sex continued regularly after he sabotaged all the condoms .
·
The complainant got pregnant . [ 16 ]
A jury , or a judge trying the case alone , would have to consider that the pregnancy may have been caused by sex during a period or by a failure in a condom , rather than by the means devised by Mr. Hutchinson .
If so , the trier would have to take that into account in finding whether Mr. Hutchinson used the sabotaged condoms at all .
But that and other assessments would be within the province of the trier , not the judge who hears a motion for a directed verdict . [ 17 ]
Evidence of harm to complainant .
Vitiation of consent requires that the Crown prove , beyond a reasonable doubt , that Mr. Hutchinson inflicted a " significant risk of serious harm " on the complainant by getting her pregnant or by exposing her to pregnancy .
In a similar vein , the charge of aggravated sexual assault requires proof that the unprotected sex " wounds , maims , disfigures or endangers the life of the complainant " .
The focus here must be on endangering life .
Thirdly , the included offence of assault causing bodily harm requires proof the complainant suffered a hurt or injury " that is more than merely transient or trifling in nature " . [ 18 ]
So , I begin by looking at the risks and harms that came to the complainant assuming her testimony and that of her doctors is believed . [ 19 ]
The complainant went through a period of not knowing whether to have an abortion .
After the deceit became known , she leaned towards abortion but needed professional counselling to make up her mind .
Development occurred regularly , without physical side effects .
The abortion went well , but the complainant did contract an infection in the lining of her uterus that led to bleeding and pain .
It was cured in three weeks by antibiotics and , in the meantime , the pain was alleviated by Ibuprofen . [ 20 ]
The complainant ’s family physician gave evidence about complications that may result from pregnancy .
In the first trimester , there may be excessive bleeding , a miscarriage and the attendant risks of transfusion and D. and C. surgery , allergic reactions , an ectopic pregnancy , excessive blood clotting , hypertension that may lead to swelling and seizures , and other complications .
These complications can include risk of death of the mother or the child . [ 21 ]
In the second trimester , there is also a risk of bleeding due to a low placenta , which poses a risk to the life of the child . [ 22 ]
Delivery poses risks in the third trimester .
These include the use of forceps which could lacerate the mother before low forceps were recently introduced , the risk of a cesarean section including risks of low blood pressure , hypertension , and side effects of the increased medication required for a cesarean section .
Death of the mother in childbirth can still happen , but it is " very rare " . [ 23 ]
The doctor qualified all of her testimony about complications of pregnancy by saying that most pregnancies go uncomplicated .
In cross-examination she said death of the mother was " rare " and did not dispute " very rare " .
The need for a blood transfusion is also " rare " .
In cross-examination , she also said that the complainant showed no signs of any complications in the eight or nine weeks when she was pregnant . [ 24 ]
The doctor who performed the abortion described possible complications .
Helpfully , she gave us a copy of the Capital Health standard consent form , as developed for abortions , which refers to the following complications : excessive bleeding , perforation of the uterus , cervical laceration , retained tissue , infection , continued pregnancy .
The form warns " Very rarely , these complications could require further surgery and / or lead to infertility " .
The doctor said , emphatically , that abortion is " a safe procedure " . [ 25 ]
The family doctor pointed out that infections of the kind the complainant contracted can lead to scarring or infertility if they are left untreated . [ 26 ]
Vitiation of consent .
As I said , the Crown ’s primary position is that the complainant consented to sexual intercourse , but her consent was vitiated by Mr. Hutchinson ’s fraud .
[ 27 ]
Mr. MacEwen takes no issue with leaving fraud to the trier of fact , but he says that the trier who believes the evidence offered , who is properly instructed , and who acts reasonably could not conclude that another essential element of vitiation has been proven .
That element is " risk of deprivation " , and more significantly that the fraud exposed the complainant to " significant risk of serious bodily harm " . [ 28 ]
At common law , fraud vitiating consent to sexual intercourse was confined to representations about the nature of the act or the identity of the partner .
Until 1983 , the Criminal Code provided that consent to sexual intercourse was vitiated where the consent was obtained " by false and fraudulent representations as to the nature and quality of the act " . [ 29 ]
In 1983 , the Code was amended to recognize sexual offences as assaults .
Subsection 265 ( 3 ) contains provisions about consent , which were applicable to all kinds of assaults , including sexual assaults .
It included " no consent is obtained where the complainant submits ... by reason of ... fraud " .
The reference to fraud contains no modifiers , or qualifiers . [ 30 ]
In R. v. Cuerrier 1998 CanLII 796 ( SCC ) , [ 1998 ]
SCJ 64 , the question was whether the old restrictions on the kinds of fraud that vitiate consent to sexual activity were retained in s. 265( 3 ) ( c ) .
Cuerrier was the first of the modern HIV cases from the Supreme Court of Canada . [ 31 ]
The court split five to two .
Justice Gonthier and the present Chief Justice were of the view that the common law restrictions remained applicable .
Justice Cory wrote for four members of the court , and Justice L’Heureaux - Dubé wrote for herself . [ 32 ]
Mr. Cuerrier , despite warnings from public health officials , had unprotected sexual intercourse with two complainants without disclosing to either of them that he had HIV .
Although they were exposed to a serious risk of HIV , and full - blown AIDS , neither complainant contracted the feared disease . [ 33 ]
A core factual finding is expressed by the majority opinion , at para .
96 : " Both complainants consented to engage in unprotected sexual intercourse with the respondent . "
They had no illusions about the sexual nature of the act to which they were consenting . [ 34 ]
At para .
105 , the majority said
The repeal of statutory language imposing this requirement and its replacement by a reference simply to fraud indicates that Parliament ’s intention was to provide a more flexible concept of fraud in assault and sexual assault cases .
The court referred to " a more flexible concept of fraud " .
And , when it made that reference , it did not take Parliament ’s use of the word " fraud " literally .
Not just any fraud would vitiate consent .
It could include " non disclosure of important facts " , but there also has to be a " deprivation or risk of deprivation " .
[ 35 ]
In sexual cases , it must be proved " that the dishonest act ... had the effect of exposing the person consenting to a significant risk of serious bodily harm " : para .
128 .
This limit seems to be an attempt to confine the expanded meaning of fraud , in the context of sexual conduct , to more serious cases .
The gravity of sexual assault offences " makes it essential that the conduct merit the consequences of the conviction " : para .
132 . In Cuerrier the risk was high and the bodily harm included death . [ 36 ]
The deceit element of fraud that vitiates consent is not in issue on the present motion .
The issue is whether the deceit exposed the complainant to " a significant risk of serious bodily harm " .
In my assessment , there is no evidence upon which a trier of fact could reach that conclusion . [ 37 ]
There is no need to be definitive about what " significant " means in the limit .
It does not mean remote , and the evidence presented by the Crown makes it clear that risks of serious bodily harm to which the complainant was exposed were remote . [ 38 ]
The complainant was exposed to pregnancy .
No one suggests that pregnancy is itself " serious bodily harm " .
That would be as offensive to women as the one - time exclusion from UIC on the basis that pregnancy was a " self - inflicted wound " .
Rather , the risks to be considered are the risks a woman endures during pregnancy and childbirth , or the risks of abortion if that is chosen . [ 39 ]
The experts called by the Crown have used the words " rare " or " very rare " to describe the risks of serious complications of pregnancy and abortion .
I take them to say that the serious complications are remote . [ 40 ]
And , this accords with our common sense and expectations .
We do not expect women to die from childbirth , or abortion , in Canada in the 21st century .
We do not expect a healthy , young woman to encounter serious bodily injury as a result of pregnancy , or abortion .
[ 41 ]
Finally , a treatable infection that is cured in three weeks cannot , in my opinion , be called " serious " in a discourse that treats exposure to HIV , and AIDS , as " serious " . [ 42 ]
Counsel provided me with a copy of Judge Derrick ’s decision committing Mr. Hutchinson to trial , for its persuasive value .
With great articulation and care , the learned judge reaches a conclusion opposite to mine when applying an identical test .
We disagree on the subject of risk .
Judge Derrick records , at para .
37 of her decision , a finding about the level of risk when she says :
The fact that the incidence of serious problems in pregnancy , childbirth and abortion , are low does not alter the fact that a pregnant woman faces the possibility of risks to her health and even her life that a non-pregnant woman does not .
I accept that , but , in my opinion , the Crown is required to demonstrate a level of risk that is higher than that passage describes .
In my respectful view , a low risk , a remote risk , the risk indicated by the words " very rare " and " safe " , does not meet the requirement of Cuerrier . [ 43 ]
Consent to unprotected sex .
I asked the parties for submissions on this point :
Whether the Crown can be said to have proved lack of consent on the basis that the complainant consented only to protected sex ?
We just hit another milestone .
The market has now fallen farther faster than it did during the Great Crash of 1929 - 1932 .
Floyd Norris , NYT :
It has been 513 calendar days since the stock market peaked on Oct. 9 , 2007 .
Since then , the S.&P. 500 is down 56 percent and the Dow is off 53 percent .
On Jan. 29 , 1931 — the identical number of days after the 1929 market peak — the S.&P. 500 was down 49 percent and the Dow was down 56 percent .
The 1929 crash got off to a much faster start , but we have now more or less caught up .
And here 's a chart by Doug Short at dshort.com that illustrates the point .
In case you 're obsessed , Doug updates the chart every day :
Paradigmatic Conflicts within the American Liberation Movement
by Dr. Robert D. Crane
Historians will no doubt write books about the anomaly of liberal support for Likudnik Israeli efforts to destroy the Hamas government of Palestine while simultaneously supporting the Palestinian people who freely elected this government .
This phenomenon of leftist support of rightists exists in every country , and especially in the West , but there are differences in how it works out in different countries .
In Europe , according to an article critiquing the establishment left by the self - professed Marxist and atheist , Nadine Rosa - Rosso , the left opposes religion because it has always been an instrument of colonialism and therefore opposes Hamas as a religious organization , even though Hamas should be a model of an anti-imperialist national liberation movement .
Another reason , she suggests , why the left supports Israel against Hamas is that the left traditionally has absorbed the Western colonialist view that all non-Europeans are too backward to liberate themselves and therefore must be Westerninzed by abandoning religion before they are ready to join the anti-imperialist front .
This , she says , explains why the left supported the people of Gaza but opposed their legitimately elected government and why it supports Israel in the drive to destroy the people ’s choice in Hamas .
The headline of the French website Res Publica following the mass demonstration in Paris on January 3 , 2009 , immediately after the land - invasion of Gaza , reads : “ We refuse to be trapped by the Islamists of Hamas , Islamic Jihad , and Hezbollah ! ”
The article continues : “ Some activists of the left and far left ( who turned out only in small numbers ) were literally drowned in a crowd whose views are at odds with the spirit of the French Republican movement and of the twenty - first century Left .
Over 90 % of the demonstrators championed a fundamentalist and communitarian worldview based on the clash of civilizations , which is anti-secular and anti-Republican . ”
In other words , the clash is viewed by European liberals as between left and right in Western terms .
National liberation movements dominated by Muslims are on the wrong side , namely , with the reactionary right .
In America , the clash of left versus right takes the form of paradigmatic conflict between establishment liberalism and paleo - conservativism , which opposes Neo-Conservatism .
The Founders of America , who based the Great American Experiment on faith - based and principled traditionalism rooted in natural law , are considered by American leftists to be rightest , even though they are the most principled force against the true - rightists who hijacked the Republican Party in a drive for power after 9/11 .
A quintessentially American example of the dynamics within the American Liberation Movement is the demonstration planned for April 15 , 2009 , “ Tax Slavery Day , ” in front of the Federal Reserve Building on Pennsylvania Avenue .
Move
On , which is now a major supporter , is confrontational and negative and wants to “ End the Fed ” as the source of oppression by the monied elites who have captured the White House .
The generically religious groups , such as the original organizers , the Center for Economic and Social Justice , http://www.cesj.org and t, he American Revolutionary Party , http://www.americanrevolutionaryparty.us want , to reform the Fed and all its related institutions as a key to transforming the American paradigm and policies of global leadership from the drive for power to the search for justice .
Rather than abolish the Fed without agreement on a substitute , one moderate and now so - called rightest solution , is to transform the Fed into a fourth branch of government , like the Judiciary , so that it would be less subject to special - interest manipulation .
This would give it the freedom to create money , in accordance with Section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , as an asset - backed currency with real value rather only the negative value of debt .
The new fourth - branch Fed would also be free to create money without the burden of interest , which would both stimulate growth and provide freedom to eliminate the existing barriers to the broadening of capital ownership .
This would promote economic justice and reverse the trends toward a rapidly growing wealth gap both within and among nations , which , in turn , may become the major stimulus to worldwide terrorism .
During the Obama Administration , the conflict in the Holy Land may be sidelined in order to gain domestic support for larger issues of more immediate impact on America , such as the alliance of China and Russia with Iran , Chinese support for Iranian plans to create a new world currency denominated in a basket of real goods , including oil , and an emerging global consensus on the need to support indigenous leaders instead of foreign installed central governments in places like Afghanistan and Iraq .
Unilateral preemption , either military or political , has proved to be inadequate to address these issues .
The alternative is the much more challenging task of promoting peace , prosperity , and freedom through compassionate justice based on interfaith understanding and on active cooperation in interfaith solidarity .
By Darren Waters
Technology editor , BBC News website , Texas
Facebook is the dominant platform for status updates Status updates on sites such as Facebook , Yammer , Twitter and Friendfeed are a new form of communication , the South by SouthWest Festival has heard .
" We are all in the process of creating e-mail 2.0 , " David Sacks , founder of business social network Yammer said .
Tens of millions of people are using social networks to stay in touch .
The growth in such services is being heralded as the start of the real - time , pervasive web .
' New communication ' Mr Sacks said : " What people want to do on social network these days is post status updates .
We think it 's all people want to do . "
Yammer is an enterprise social network , designed to facilitate communication within companies and organisations .
It is one of a growing number of services that lets users share micro-updates .
Other services have a richer mix of content , including sharing photos and video , and allowing comments from people within your social network , building a so - called activity stream .
" I think it 's a new form of communication ; not quite e-mail , more lightweight and more real time , often with little bit of a publishing flavour to it , " said Paul Buchheit , founder of FriendFeed , and the creator and lead developer of GMail , while at Google .
FriendFeed lets users share content from other services , such as Twitter and Flickr , and comment directly on the postings in real - time .
Simplicity and ubiquity With more than 175 million users Facebook is the dominant platform for status updates .
Ari Steinberg , an engineering manager at the firm , told BBC News : " It 's been interesting to see the way people change the way they communicate .
" You used to e-mail content to people and you had to choose who you wanted to e-mail it to and you did n't know if your friends even wanted to see it .
" Now you can passively put something out there and let people engage with it . "
The simplicity and ubiquity of some of these services is beginning to see activity feeds and status updates replace many of the uses to which e-mail was once put .
Mr Sacks said : " It 's no coincidence that these products are all looking like e-mail .
" These products are all standardising around a message form at the top , and the inbox which is a feed then folders around the side . "
' Open system '
The problem with the current crop of status update services is that they are to varying degrees interoperable .
For example , while Twitter can be used to power a status update on Facebook the same is not true in reverse .
" We want to see a more open system where everything links together , the same as it does with e-mail , " he said .
While e-mail has common protocols which allow people to send and receive messages even if they are with different services , such as Hotmail or GMail , the same is not completely true with status updates and activity feeds .
There are some standard protocols but the rapid development in the complexity and breadth of activity feeds , to include comments and ratings , has led to a series of walled gardens .
Dare Obasanjo , a program manager at Microsoft , said the firm was working on a set of standards .
" You need to give sites permission to get your data , " he said .
' Hard to compete '
The complex nuances of relationships on social networks , with users having different degrees of openness with different friends or followers , further complicates the introduction of standards .
Facebook has also been accused of being unwilling to open up its system and work with other status update firms , and there is a belief among some that the social network is enacting a " land grab " in an effort to become the de-facto platform .
Mr Sacks said : " On the consumer side Facebook could become the one site for all social messaging .
That becomes very hard to compete with . "
But Mr Buccheit said he believed the different firms were moving towards a more federated system .
" There will be no separation between Facebook and Friendfeed and Twitter . "
Mr Steinberg said : " We are totally happy to interoperate with other sites . "
He told BBC News that interoperability was n't necessary for activity streams to become a global messaging service .
" It 's definitely something and a pretty cool thing we would like to enable .
Conceptually it makes a lot of sense .
" It 's in our interests to let people share .
Twitter has had a lot of success in letting people taking their data and sharing it externally .
" We 'd love to be able to let people tap into that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Drug war turns kids into criminals : Police arrest Palm Bay sixth - grader after receiving tip he was selling on school playground .
PALM BAY , FLORIDA – Officers with the Neighborhood Policing Unit arrested a 12 - year - old boy Thursday afternoon on a misdemeanor charge of possession of marijuana .
Two other students at the school are under investigation for their involvement in possibly supplying the marijuana .
Under Florida law , information about the identity of juveniles who are charged with misdemeanor offenses is confidential and cannot be disclosed .
On Thursday afternoon , police said NPU Officer Neil Valenti , accompanied by other NPU Officers , was at Discovery Elementary School on the city ’s northwest side as part of a routine visit .
During his visit , the officers received information about a specific sixth - grade student who had drugs in his possession .
Valenti and NPU Officer Sean Dutill were familiar with the student and a short time later made contact with the juvenile as he was walking home from school in the area of Dallam Avenue NW and Dutonia Street NW .
When asked if he had drugs on him , the student said “ yes ” and police said he showed Dutill a small amount of marijuana he had in his hands .
Upon further questioning , the student pulled out more marijuana from his pants pocket .
The marijuana was individually packaged in small baggies , police said .
The student was placed under arrest for possession of marijuana .
Further investigation revealed the boy obtained the marijuana from another sixth - grader who may have obtained it from yet another student at the school .
The investigation is ongoing and efforts are under way to determine who is supplying the children with the illegal drugs , police said .
“ The good news here is that students at the school are coming forward with information , ” Valenti said .
“ Hopefully we can change the criminal behavior before it gets worse . ”
NPU officers routinely visit all area elementary schools as part of a pro-active program to promote positive relationships with law enforcement .
Students are encouraged to make positive life choices and are educated by police officers in matters of drug prevention , crime prevention , gun safety , internet safety and more .
“ The important thing for these children to know is there are consequences for not doing the right thing , ” Dutill added .
“ We ’re glad to see other students doing the right thing in coming forward . ”
– Article from Florida Today .
Just another day and just another conservative scandal .
I thought the organization around Rick Santelli 's rant was a little too smooth , a little too perfectly orchestrated for something not to be very , very wrong about it .
That 's why I 've been so vocal about it and that 's why it infuriated me so much , but I had no idea how deep this deception went .
The right wing moneychangers tried once again to control the message and lie to the American people to push their agenda that only hurts America .
The right wing elite hated FDR because he turned on his own class of people and put the average American worker ahead of them .
They were shocked that he would care about the state of our nation over the vested interests in a very small few .
I did write that Rick 's behavior was indicative of most talking heads that appear on the Wall Street shows because they are slaves to the very wealthy .
These same people are terrified that Barack Obama may indeed reach America in the same way that FDR reached into the hearts of a depressed and hopeless American population that was beat down by the the depression back in 1929 .
Rick Santelli is a traitor to this country and he should be fired immediately along with all those that participated in this fraud .
The rest should be exposed and made to answer for this charade .
What a great job of reporting by Mark Ames and Yasha Levine of Playboy :
Last week , CNBC correspondent Rick Santelli rocketed from being a little - known second - string correspondent to a populist hero of the disenfranchised , a 21st - century Samuel Adams , the leader and symbol of the downtrodden American masses suffering under the onslaught of 21st century socialism and big government .
Santelli’s “ rant ” last - week calling for a “ Chicago Tea Party ” to protest President Obama ’s plans to help distressed American homeowners rapidly spread across the blogosphere and shot right up into White House spokesman Robert Gibbs ’ craw , whose smackdown during a press conference was later characterized by Santelli as “ a threat ” from the White House .
A nationwide “ tea party ” grassroots Internet protest movement has sprung up seemingly spontaneously , all inspired by Santelli , with rallies planned today in cities from coast to coast to protest against Obama ’s economic policies .
What we discovered is that Santelli ’s “ rant ” was not at all spontaneous as his alleged fans claim , but rather it was a carefully - planned trigger for the anti-Obama campaign .
In PR terms , his February 19th call for a “ Chicago Tea Party ” was the launch event of a carefully organized and sophisticated PR campaign , one in which Santelli served as a frontman , using the CNBC airwaves for publicity , for the some of the craziest and sleaziest rightwing oligarch clans this country has ever produced .
Namely , the Koch family , the multibilllionaire owners of the largest private corporation in America , and funders of scores of rightwing thinktanks and advocacy groups , from the Cato Institute and Reason Magazine to FreedomWorks .
The scion of the Koch family , Fred Koch , was a co-founder of the notorious extremist - rightwing John Birch Society .
As you read this , Big Business is pouring tens of millions of dollars into their media machines in order to destroy just about every economic campaign promise Obama has made , as reported recently in the Wall Street Journal .
At stake is n’t the little guy ’s fight against big government , as Santelli and his bot - supporters claim , but rather the “ upper 2 percent ” ’s war to protect their wealth from the Obama Adminstration ’s economic plans .
When this Santelli “ grassroots ” campaign is peeled open , what ’s revealed is a glimpse of what is ahead and what is bound to be a hallmark of his presidency .
Please read the entire article : Backstabber : Is Rick Santelli High On Koch ?
All I can say is thankfully we have blogs to help expose this massive corrosion that has seeped into the bowels of our nation and uses our national media on all levels to mainline their corruption .
Shame on them all .
As whenwego at DKos writes :
Did you know that cigarettes are toxic ?
It is true , you are directly inhaling carcinogens when you smoke cigarettes .
And if you would like a healthier way to get your nicotine , you may want to look into vaping electronic cigarettes .
These kinds of e-cigarettes you could use with vape juice flavors at eliquid depot .
And if you would like to lead a healthier lifestyle , you may want to try vaping instead of smoking cigarettes .
There are numerous factors that make vaping electronic cigarettes much healthier than smoking traditional cigarettes .
And your body would benefit in the long run if you switched over to vaping .
Smoking cigarettes harms every organ
The smoke that you inhale from cigarettes does not only harm your lungs but the rest of the organs of your body as well .
If you are a cigarette smoker , then you would find that a lot of your body ’s tissue and organs are going to end up damaged .
That would mean that you are definitely harming your body in multiple different ways if you start smoking .
That would not be the case with vaping electronic cigarettes , this is because the vapor that comes from them are non -toxic .
And thus they would not even harm your lungs , much less the other organs of your body .
Vape Juice is not directly linked with cancer .
Another thing that makes vaping healthier for you is that it does not cause cancer directly .
Studies have shown that those who vape electronic cigarettes are less likely to suffer from lung cancer compared to other smokers .
Healthier alternative to cigarettes
E-cigarettes are obviously the healthier alternative to actual cigarette smoking .
Many doctors and medical professionals actually recommend that you vape instead of smoke cigarettes , especially if you need to get your fix of nicotine somehow .
So vaping can be the healthier choice for you , especially if you want to live a healthier lifestyle .
You must try out vaping right now if you want a more positive and better choice for your health .
Better tasting than cigarettes
Vaping e-cigarettes , you would notice a huge difference in how they taste from normal cigarettes .
This is because there are numerous flavors of vape juice that you can choose from .
And these different flavors can range from bubblegum to tropical flavors .
While having a better taste is not directly going to improve your health , it would still be better for you in the long run .
This is because if you vape flavored juice , you could control your cravings , and thus you can actually lose weight .
Vaping ejuice is the healthiest solution to getting your nicotine fix .
This kind of smoking practice is generally going to be much safer to your health .
So if you need to smoke , why not choose the healthier option and vape e-cigarettes ?
There is certainly going to be less danger to your body if you choose to vape e-cigarettes instead of smoking actual cigarettes .
And a lot of smokers have already made the switch to vaping .
If you have not already done so , you must choose to start vaping right now .
You would definitely enjoy it more than smoking .
( CNN ) -- James Dobson , the influential evangelical leader of the Christian ministry Focus on the Family , has stepped down as board chairman , he announced Friday .
James Dobson is expected to stay in his public role as an advocate for socially conservative issues .
During a meeting with employees , Dobson , 72 , said the move means he will no longer be involved with the administrative side of the organization , according to spokesman Gary Schneeberger .
But Dobson 's public role is n't expected to change .
He 'll still appear on his daily radio broadcast and as an advocate for socially conservative issues , Schneeberger said .
" There wo n't be a whole lot of difference , " the spokesman said .
" You 'll still hear him on the radio .
You 'll still see him on the networks like CNN with Larry King .
" He said to the staff today , ' I 've got more to say -- I 'm not ready to stop fighting for the things I 've fought for for the past 32 years . ' "
Founded in 1977 , Focus on the Family is a nonprofit organization devoted to what it considers Christian family values , with Dobson 's daily program geared largely toward advice on parenting from a religious perspective .
But in recent years the ministry , like Dobson himself , has become more active in promoting social and political views .
Last year , Dobson caused a huge political stir when he announced he " cannot and will not " vote for Republican nominee Sen. John McCain .
He later changed his tune , after McCain 's pick of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate , calling her selection " one of the most exciting days of my life , " on the syndicated Dennis Prager Show .
Dobson has gained widespread attention again with his criticisms of a 2006 speech by now - President Barack Obama on his religious views .
He accused Obama of " deliberately distorting the traditional understanding of the Bible to fit his own worldview , his own confused theology . "
That led to a backlash .
A group of ministers started an online petition , James Dobson Does n't Speak for Me , that drew more than 12,000 signatures .
Kirbyjon Caldwell , pastor of Houston , Texas ' Windsor Village United Methodist Church , led that effort .
" Dr. Dobson has made a tremendous contribution to the spiritual and social fiber of this country .
I 've always said that and will continue to say it although , obviously , we have not always agreed , " Caldwell said Friday .
" The fabric of the evangelical community here in America is very strong .
One or two disagreements here and there are surely not going to cause the community to tear apart at the fringes . "
Dobson has spoken out loudly against abortion rights and gay marriage and even weighed in on the Harry Potter fantasy series , with a statement on the group 's Web site denouncing the books ' " trend toward witchcraft and New Age ideology . "
" He built his media empire around , sort of , parenting and family issues and he has since used his audience and his media presence to push a political agenda , " said Peter Montgomery , a senior fellow with the liberal People for the American Way , which advocates , among other things , for the separation of church and state .
" In the last several election cycles , he 's constantly complained that the Republican Party is n't far enough to the right and sort of has a habit of saying he 's going to take his followers and walk if they do n't do more to push his agenda , " Montgomery said .
Focus on the Family says its broadcasts reach more than 220 million people in 155 countries .
Its newsletter , in which Dobson will continue to write , goes to 1.6 million people .
Dobson 's announcement that he and his wife , National Day of Prayer Chairwoman Shirley Dobson , are stepping down from the board of directors comes six years after he resigned as the ministry 's executive director .
" One of the common errors of founder - presidents is to hold the reins of leadership too long , thereby preventing the next generation from being prepared for executive authority ... , " Dobson said in a written release .
" Though letting go is difficult after three decades of intensive labor , it is the wise thing to do . "
Montgomery , whose group has been critical of what it calls an " assault on Americans ' liberties " by Focus on the Family , said it 's unclear how influential the group will be when Dobson is no longer its public face .
While Dobson is the personality that drives the ministry , Focus on the Family has a vast communication and fundraising infrastructure that could continue to make it a player in social and political issues for years to come , he said .
In the meantime , Montgomery said , he does n't expect Dobson 's influence to wane because of the behind - the - scenes changes .
" He 's still a rock star among conservative religious activists , " he said .
All About Focus on the Family Action Inc. • James Dobson • Sarah Palin • People for the American Way
101 Bible Contradictions
Before reading this booklet please note the following points :
" Any argument should be examined throughly before accepting or rejecting its ' claims .
To do otherwise is to rely on the fickle emotions of the heart even when they run contrary to all rationality . "
- Shawn Smith
" For God is not the author of confusion , but of peace .... " ( 1st Corinthians 14:33 King James Version Bible )
" If the Christian feels that a logical discussion is more than we should expect when considering religious matters , let him be encouraged by the Biblical passage at Isaiah 1:16 : " . . . come let us reason together . " - ( Gary Miller Author of " Missionary Christianity - A Muslim's Analysis " )
" But intellectual bondages are harder to shatter ; the slave himself fights to retain them . "
- Ahmed Deedat
The Challenge
The question which I present before my reader is : " If I can show you 101 contradictions in the Bible will you listen to what I have to say ? "
Will you agree to this challenge ?.
If so read on .
If not , thank you for reading this far .
The objective of this little booklet is to present to my readers 101 contradictions in the Bible .
In doing so I want to promote the idea that many things which you may have always taken for granted as being true , may not be necessarily so .
If this is the case , then the question arises " is there some source which can be utilized in order to find the truth without us being presented with illogical explanations and contradictions ?
I personally believe this reliable source exists , but first I have to show you that the source which you now depend upon , namely The Bible , is not reliable .
I will challenge the reliability of the Bible by demonstrating 101 of its ' contradictions .
Now if someone were to give testimony in a court of law and he or she were found to give 101 contradictory statements under oath , the testimony of that person would be rejected .
I think we can all agree that this is only reasonable .
Why not use the same standard when judging the reliability of the statements of The Bible ?
Let it be made clear right at the beginning , I have no desire to offend anyone 's religious convictions .
We have a God given right to believe what we want and I would never try to take that away from anyone .
Additionally , if someone is offended by this book then toss it in the trash , or pass it on to someone else .
The main thing I want you to do is use your mind and do n't be guided by emotions alone .
God has given you a brain , USE IT !!!
If you have read this far you must either be intrigued by my challenge or you are one of those " Bible Thumpers " who is convinced that I will never find contradictions in the Bible and if I do find 101 then there is an easy explanation for each one of them .
He will be quick to quote the verse from the Bible in 2 Timothy 3:16 where it says : " All scripture is given by inspiration of God ... "
I like explanations .
I find people who argue that black is white and day is night to be quite interesting .
On this point Donald Morgan had this to say in an article entitled " Introduction to the Bible and Biblical Problems " :
" While Biblicists are capable of offering some sort of explanation for nearly any biblical problem that can be uncovered , such explanations should be unnecessary .
The point is not whether some explanation can be conceived , but rather that a perfect and loving God certainly could , should , and would do a much better job of it were he to have anything to do with the writing of a book . "
Let us begin .
You will need a Bible to look up the references .
Please do not take my word for anything without confirming it with sources .
Any argument should be examined throughly before accepting or rejecting its ' claims .
To do otherwise is to rely on the fickle emotions of the heart even when they run contrary to all rationality .
Additionally , to my Christian readers who may be a bit intimidated by the this booklet , they should remember that according to Acts 17:11 ,
Paul praised the Jews at Beroea because they " searched the scriptures daily " in order to see if the things Paul was preaching to them " were so " .
( Acts 17:11 ) .
That 's all I am asking you to do here - read the " scriptures " and see if what the Church has been telling you is really " so " .
As Isaiah 1:18 says : " Come now , let us reason together . "
101 Clear Contradictions
In The Bible
Contradiction # 1
Who incited David to count the fighting men of Israel ?
( a ) God did ( 2 Samuel 24:1 ) ( b ) Satan did ( 1 Chronicles 21:1 ) .
Contradiction # 2
In that count how many fighting men were found in Israel ?
( a ) Eight hundred thousand ( 2 Samuel 24:9 ) .
( b ) One million , one hundred thousand ( 1 Chronicles 21:5 ) .
Contradiction # 3
How many fighting men were found in Judah ?
( a ) Five hundred thousand ( 2 Samuel 24:9 ) .
( b ) Four hundred and seventy thousand ( 1 Chronicles 21:5 ) .
Contradiction # 4
God sent his prophet to threaten David with how many years of famine ?
( a ) Seven ( 2 Samuel 24:13 ) .
( b ) Three ( 1 Chronicles 21:12 ) .
Contradiction # 5
How old was Ahaziah when he began to rule over Jerusalem ?
( a ) Twenty - two ( 2 Kings 8:26 ) .
( b ) Forty - two ( 2 Chronicles 22:2 ) .
Contradiction # 6
How old was Jehoiachin when he became king of Jerusalem ?
( a ) Eighteen ( 2 Kings 24:8 ) .
( b) Eight ( 2 Chronicles 36:9 ) .
Contradiction # 7
How long did he rule over Jerusalem ?
( a ) Three months ( 2 Kings 24:8 ) .
( b ) Three months and ten days ( 2 Chronicles 36:9 ) .
Contradiction # 8
The chief of the mighty men of David lifted up his spear and killed how many men at one time ?
( a ) Eight hundred ( 2 Samuel 23:8 ) .
( b ) Three hundred ( 1 Chronicles 11:11 ) .
Contradiction # 9
When did David bring the Ark of the Covenant to Jerusalem ?
Before defeating the Philistines or after ?
( a ) After ( 2 Samuel 5 and 6 ) .
( b ) Before ( 1 Chronicles 13 and 14 ) .
Contradiction # 10
How many pairs of clean animals did God tell Noah to take into the Ark ?
( a ) Two ( Genesis 6:19 , 20 ) .
( b) Seven ( Genesis 7:2 ) .
But despite this last instruction only two pairs went into the ark ( Genesis 7:8 , 9 ) .
Contradiction # 11
When David defeated the King of Zobah , how many horsemen did he capture ?
( a ) One thousand and seven hundred ( 2 Samuel 8:4 ) .
( b) Seven thousand ( 1 Chronicles 18:4 ) .
Contradiction # 12
How many stalls for horses did Solomon have ?
( a ) Forty thousand ( 1 Kings 4:26 ) .
( b ) Four thousand ( 2 chronicles 9:25 ) .
Contradiction # 13
In what year of King Asa 's reign did Baasha , King of Israel die ?
( a) Twenty - sixth year ( 1 Kings 15:33 - 16:8 ) .
( b ) Still alive in the thirty - sixth year ( 2 Chronicles 16:1 ) .
Contradiction # 14
How many overseers did Solomon appoint for the work of building the temple ?
( a ) Three thousand six hundred ( 2 Chronicles 2:2 ) ( b ) Three thousand three hundred ( 1 Kings 5:16 ) .
Contradiction # 15
Solomon built a facility containing how many baths ?
( a ) Two thousand ( 1 Kings 7:26 ) .
( b) Over three thousand ( 2 Chronicles 4:5 ) .
Contradiction # 16
Of the Israelites who were freed from the Babylonian captivity , how many were the children of Pahrath - Moab ?
( a) Two thousand eight hundred and twelve ( Ezra 2:6 ) .
( b) Two thousand eight hundred and eighteen ( Nehemiah 7:11 ) .
Contradiction # 17
How many were the children of Zattu ?
( a ) Nine hundred and forty - five ( Ezra 2:8 ) ( b ) Eight hundred and forty - five ( Nehemiah 7:13 ) .
Contradiction # 18
How many were the children of Azgad ?
( a ) One thousand two hundred and twenty - two ( Ezra 2:12 ) .
( b) Two thousand three hundred and twenty - two ( Nehemiah 7:17 ) .
Contradiction # 19
How many were the children of Adin ?
( a ) Four hundred and fifty - four ( Ezra 2:15 ) .
( b) Six hundred and fifty - five ( Nehemiah 7:20 ) .
Contradiction # 20
How many were the children of Hashum ?
( a ) Two hundred and twenty - three ( Ezra 2:19 ) .
( b) Three hundred and twenty - eight ( Nehemiah 7:22 ) .
Contradiction # 21
How many were the children of Bethel and Ai ? ( a ) Two hundred and twenty - three ( Ezra 2:28 ) .
( b)
One hundred and twenty - three ( Nehemiah 7:32 ) .
Contradiction # 22
Ezra 2:64 and Nehemiah 7:66 agree that the total number of the whole assembly was 42,360 .
Yet the numbers do not add up to anything close .
The totals obtained from each book is as follows : ( a ) 29,818 ( Ezra ) .
( b ) 31 , 089 ( Nehemiah ) .
Contradiction # 23
How many singers accompanied the assembly ?
( a ) Two hundred ( Ezra 2:65 ) .
( b) Two hundred and forty - five ( Nehemiah 7:67 ) .
Contradiction # 24
What was the name of King Abijah 's mother ?
( a ) Michaiah , daughter of Uriel of Gibeah ( 2 Chronicles 13:2 ) .
( b ) Maachah , daughter of Absalom ( 2 Chronicles 11:20 ) .
But Absalom had only one daughter whose name was Tamar ( 2 Samuel 14:27 ) .
Contradiction # 25
Did Joshua and the Israelites capture Jerusalem ?
( a ) Yes ( Joshua 10:23 , 40 ) .
( b) No ( Joshua 15:63 ) .
Contradiction # 26
Who was the father of Joseph , husband of Mary ?
( a ) Jacob ( Matthew 1:16 ) .
( b) Heli ( Luke 3:23 ) .
Contradiction # 27
Jesus descended from which son of David ?
( a ) Solomon ( Matthew 1:6 ) .
( b) Nathan ( Luke 3:31 ) .
Contradiction # 28
Who was the father of Shealtiel ?
( a ) Jechoniah ( Matthew 1:12 ) .
( b) Neri ( Luke 3:27 ) .
Contradiction # 29
Which son of Zerubbabel was an ancestor of Jesus Christ ?
( a ) Abiud ( Matthew 1:13 ) .
( b) Rhesa ( Luke 3:27 ) .
But the seven sons of Zerubbabel are as follows : I. Meshullam , ii .
Hananiah , iii .
Hashubah , iv .
Ohel , v. Berechiah , vi. Hasadiah , viii .
Jushabhesed ( 1 Chronicles 3:19 , 20 ) .
The names Abiud and Rhesa do not fit in anywhere .
Contradiction # 30
Who was the father of Uzziah ?
( a ) Joram ( Matthew 1:8 ) .
( b ) Amaziah ( 2 Chronicles 26:1 ) .
Contradiction # 31
Who as the father of Jechoniah ?
( a ) Josiah ( Matthew 1:11 ) .
( b ) Jehoiakim ( 1 Chronicles 3:16 ) .
Contradiction # 32
How many generations were there from the Babylonian exile until Christ ?
( a ) Matthew says fourteen ( Matthew 1:17 ) .
( b)
But a careful count of the generations reveals only thirteen ( see Matthew 1:12 - 16 ) .
Contradiction # 33
Who was the father of Shelah ?
( a ) Cainan ( Luke 3:35 - 36 ) .
( b ) Arphaxad ( Genesis 11:12 ) .
Contradiction # 34
Was John the Baptist Elijah who was to come ?
( a ) Yes ( Matthew 11:14 , 17:10 - 13 ) .
( b) No ( John 1:19 - 21 ) .
Contradiction # 35
Would Jesus inherit David 's throne ?
( a ) Yes .
So said the angel ( Luke 1:32 ) .
( b) No , since he is a descendant of Jehoiakim ( see Matthew 1:11 , 1 Chronicles 3:16 ) .
And Jehoiakim was cursed by God so that none of his descendants can sit upon David 's throne ( Jeremiah 36:30 ) .
Contradiction # 36
Jesus rode into Jerusalem on how many animals ?
( a) One - a colt ( Mark 11:7 ; cf. Luke 19:35 ) .
And they brought the colt to Jesus and threw their garments on it ; and he sat upon it . "
( b) Two - a colt and an ass ( Matthew 21:7 ) .
They brought the ass and the colt and put their garments on them and he sat thereon . "
Contradiction # 37
How did Simon Peter find out that Jesus was the Christ ?
( a) By a revelation from heaven ( Matthew 16:17 ) .
( b) His brother Andrew told him ( John 1:41 ) .
Contradiction # 38
Where did Jesus first meet Simon Peter and Andrew ?
( a ) By the sea of Galilee ( Matthew 4:18 - 22 ) .
( b)
On the banks of river Jordan ( John 1:42 ) .
After that , Jesus decided to go to Galilee ( John 1:43 ) .
Contradiction # 39
When Jesus met Jairus was Jairus ' daughter already dead ?
( a ) Yes .
Matthew 9:18 quotes him as saying , " My daughter has just died . " ( b ) No. Mark 5:23 quotes him as saying , " My little daughter is at the point of death . "
Contradiction # 40
Did Jesus allow his disciples to keep a staff on their journey ?
( a ) Yes ( Mark 6:8 ) .
( b) No ( Matthew 10:9 ; Luke 9:3 ) .
Contradiction # 41
Did Herod think that Jesus was John the baptist ?
( a ) Yes ( Matthew 14:2 ; Mark 6:16 ) .
( b) No ( Luke 9:9 )
Contradiction # 42
Did John the Baptist recognise Jesus before his baptism ?
( a ) Yes ( Matthew 3:13 - 14 ) .
( b) No ( John 1:32 , 33 ) .
Contradiction # 43
Did John the Baptist recognize Jesus after his baptism ?
( a ) Yes ( John 1:32 , 33 ) .
( b) No ( Matthew 11:2 ) .
Contradiction # 44
According to the Gospel of John , what did Jesus say about bearing his own witness ? ( a ) " If I bear witness to myself , my testimony is not true " ( John 5:31 ) . ( b ) " Even if I do bear witness to myself , my testimony is true " ( John 8:14 ) .
Contradiction # 45
When Jesus entered Jerusalem did he cleanse the temple that same day ?
( a ) Yes ( Matthew 21:12 ) .
( b) No .
He went into the temple and looked around , but since it was very late he did nothing .
Instead , he went to Bethany to spend the night and returned the next morning to cleanse the temple ( Mark 11:1 - 17 ) .
Contradiction # 46
The Gospels say that Jesus cursed a fig tree .
Did the tree wither at once ?
( a ) Yes . ( Matthew 21:19 ) .
( b ) No .
It withered overnight ( Mark 11:20 ) .
Contradiction # 47
Did Judas kiss Jesus ?
( a ) Yes ( Matthew 26:48 - 50 ) .
( b ) No. Judas could not get close enough to Jesus to kiss him ( John 18:3 - 12 ) .
Contradiction # 48
What did Jesus say about Peter 's denial ? ( a ) " The cock will not crow till you have denied me three times " ( John 13:38 ) . ( b ) " Before the cock crows twice you will deny me three times " ( Mark 14:30 ) .
When the cock crowed once , the three denials were not yet complete ( see Mark 14:72 ) .
Therefore prediction ( a ) failed .
Contradiction # 49
Did Jesus bear his own cross ?
( a ) Yes ( John 19:17 ) . ( b) No ( Matthew 27:31 - 32 ) .
Contradiction # 50
Did Jesus die before the curtain of the temple was torn ?
( a ) Yes ( Matthew 27:50 - 51 ; Mark 15:37 - 38 ) .
( b ) No .
After the curtain was torn , then Jesus crying with a loud voice , said , " Father , into thy hands I commit my spirit ! "
And having said this he breathed his last ( Luke 23:45 - 46 ) .
Contradiction # 51
Did Jesus say anything secretly ?
( a ) No . " I have said nothing secretly " ( John 18:20 ) .
( b ) Yes .
" He did not speak to them without a parable , but privately to his own disciples he explained everything " ( Mark 4:34 ) .
The disciples asked him " Why do you speak to them in parables ? "
He said , " To you it has been given to know the secrets of the kingdom of heaven , but to them it has not been given " ( Matthew 13:10 - 11 ) .
Contradiction # 52
Where was Jesus at the sixth hour on the day of the crucifixion ?
( a ) On the cross ( Mark 15:23 ) .
( b ) In Pilate 's court ( John 19:14 ) .
Contradiction # 53
The gospels say that two thieves were crucified along with Jesus .
Did both thieves mock Jesus ?
( a ) Yes ( Mark 15:32 ) .
( b ) No .
One of them mocked Jesus , the other defended Jesus ( Luke 23:43 ) .
Contradiction # 54
Did Jesus ascend to Paradise the same day of the crucifixion ?
( a ) Yes .
He said to the thief who defended him , " Today you will be with me in Paradise " ( Luke 23:43 ) .
( b) No .
He said to Mary Magdelene two days later , " I have not yet ascended to the Father " ( John 20:17 ) .
Contradiction # 55
When Paul was on the road to Damascus he saw a light and heard a voice .
Did those who were with him hear the voice ?
( a ) Yes ( Acts 9:7 ) .
( b) No ( Acts 22:9 ) .
Contradiction # 56
When Paul saw the light he fell to the ground .
Did his traveling companions also fall to the ground ?
( a ) Yes ( Acts 26:14 ) . ( b) No ( Acts 9:7 ) .
Contradiction # 57
Did the voice spell out on the spot what Paul 's duties were to be ?
( a ) Yes ( Acts 26:16 - 18 ) .
( b) No .
The voice commanded Paul to go into the city of Damascus and there he will be told what he must do .
( Acts 9:7 ; 22:10 ) .
Contradiction # 58
When the Israelites dwelt in Shittin they committed adultery with the daughters of Moab .
God struck them with a plague .
How many people died in that plague ?
( a ) Twenty - four thousand ( Numbers 25:1 and 9 ) .
( b ) Twenty - three thousand ( 1 Corinthians 10:8 ) .
Contradiction # 59
How many members of the house of Jacob came to Egypt ?
( a ) Seventy souls ( Genesis 46:27 ) .
( b ) Seventy - five souls ( Acts 7:14 ) .
Contradiction # 60
What did Judas do with the blood money he received for betraying Jesus ?
( a ) He bought a field ( Acts 1:18 ) .
( b) He threw all of it into the temple and went away .
The priests could not put the blood money into the temple treasury , so they used it to buy a field to bury strangers ( Matthew 27:5 ) .
Contradiction # 61
How did Judas die ?
( a) After he threw the money into the temple he went away and hanged himself ( Matthew 27:5 ) .
( b)
After he bought the field with the price of his evil deed he fell headlong and burst open in the middle and all his bowels gushed out ( Acts 1:18 ) .
Contradiction # 62
Why is the field called " Field of Blood " ?
( a) Because the priests bought it with the blood money ( Matthew 27:8 ) .
( b) Because of the bloody death of Judas therein ( Acts 1:19 ) .
Contradiction # 63
Who is a ransom for whom ?
( a ) " The Son of Man came . . . to give his life as a ransom for many " ( Mark 10:45 ) . " . . .
Christ Jesus who gave himself as a ransom for all . . . " ( 1 Timothy 2:5 -6 ) . ( b ) " The wicked is a ransom for the righteous , and the faithless for the upright " ( Proverbs 21:18 ) .
Contradiction # 64
Is the law of Moses useful ?
( a ) Yes .
" All scripture is . . . profitable . . . " ( 2 Timothy 3:16 ) . ( b ) No. " . . .
A former commandment is set aside because of its weakness and uselessness . . . " ( Hebrews 7:18 ) .
Contradiction # 65
What was the exact wording on the cross ?
( a ) " This is Jesus the King of the Jews " ( Matthew 27:37 ) .
( b ) " The King of the Jews " ( Mark 15:26 ) ( c ) " This is the King of the Jews " ( Luke 23:38 ) .
( d) " Jesus of Nazareth , the King of the Jews " ( John 19:19 ) .
Contradiction # 66
Did Herod want to kill John the Baptist ?
( a ) Yes ( Matthew 14:5 ) .
( b) No .
It was Herodias , the wife of Herod who wanted to kill him .
But Herod knew that he was a righteous man and kept him safe ( Mark 6:20 ) .
Contradiction # 67
Who was the tenth disciple of Jesus in the list of twelve ?
( a ) Thaddaeus ( Matthew 10:1 - 4 ; Mark 3:13 - 19 ) .
( b ) Judas son of James is the corresponding name in Luke 's gospel ( Luke 6:12 - 16 ) .
Contradiction # 68
Jesus saw a man sitting at the tax collector 's office and called him to be his disciple .
What was his name ?
( a ) Matthew ( Matthew 9:9 ) .
( b ) Levi ( Mark 2:14 ; Luke 5:27 ) .
Contradiction # 69
Was Jesus crucified on the daytime before the Passover meal or the daytime after ?
( a ) After ( Mark 14:12 - 17 ) .
( b) Before .
Before the feast of the Passover ( John 13:1 ) Judas went out at night ( John 13:30 ) .
The other disciples thought he was going out to buy supplies to prepare for the Passover meal ( John 13:29 ) .
When Jesus was arrested , the Jews did not enter Pilate 's judgement hall because they wanted to stay clean to eat the Passover ( John 18:28 ) .
When the judgement was pronounced against Jesus , it was about the sixth hour on the day of Preparation for the Passover ( John 19:14 ) .
Contradiction # 70
Did Jesus pray to The Father to prevent the crucifixion ?
( a ) Yes .
( Matthew 26:39 ; Mark 14:36 ; Luke 22:42 ) .
( b ) No. ( John 12:27 ) .
Contradiction # 71
In the gospels which say that Jesus prayed to avoid the cross , how many times did he move away from his disciples to pray ?
( a ) Three ( Matthew 26:36 - 46 and Mark 14:32 - 42 ) .
( b ) One .
No opening is left for another two times .
( Luke 22:39 - 46 ) .
Contradiction # 72
Matthew and Mark agree that Jesus went away and prayed three times .
What were the words of the second prayer ?
( a ) Mark does not give the words but he says that the words were the same as the first prayer ( Mark 14:39 ) .
( b ) Matthew gives us the words , and we can see that they are not the same as in the first ( Matthew 26:42 ) .
Contradiction # 73
What did the centurion say when Jesus dies ?
( a ) " Certainly this man was innocent " ( Luke 23:47 ) . ( b ) " Truly this man was the Son of God " ( Mark 15:39 ) .
Contradiction # 74
When Jesus said " My God , my God , why hast thou forsaken me ? " in what language did he speak ?
( a ) Hebrew : the words are " Eli , Eli . . . " ( Matthew 27:46 ) .
( b ) Aramaic : the words are " Eloi , Eloi . . . " ( Mark 15:34 ) .
Contradiction # 75
According to the gospels , what were the last words of Jesus before he died ?
( a ) " Father , into thy hands I commit my spirit ! " ( Luke 23:46 ) . ( b ) " It is finished " ( John 19:30 ) .
Contradiction # 76
When Jesus entered Capernaum he healed the slave of a centurion .
Did the centurion come personally to request Jesus for this ?
( a ) Yes ( Matthew 8:5 ) .
( b) No .
He sent some elders of the Jews and his friends ( Luke 7:3 , 6 ) .
Contradiction # 77
( a) Adam was told that if and when he eats the forbidden fruit he would die the same day ( Genesis 2:17 ) .
( b ) Adam ate the fruit and went on to live to a ripe old age of 930 years ( Genesis 5:5 ) .
Contradiction # 78
( a) God decided that the life - span of humans will be limited to 120 years ( Genesis 6:3 ) .
( b ) Many people born after that lived longer than 120 .
Arpachshad lived 438 years .
His son Shelah lived 433 years .
His son Eber lived 464 years , etc. ( Genesis 11:12 - 16 ) .
Contradiction # 79
Apart from Jesus did anyone else ascend to heaven ?
( a) No ( John 3:13 ) . ( b ) Yes .
" And Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven " ( 2 Kings 2:11 ) .
Contradiction # 80
Who was high priest when David went into the house of God and ate the consecrated bread ?
( a ) Abiathar ( Mark 2:26 ) .
( b ) Ahimelech , the father of Abiathar ( 1 Samuel 21:1 ; 22:20 ) .
Contradiction # 81
Was Jesus ' body wrapped in spices before burial in accordance with Jewish burial customs ?
( a ) Yes and his female disciples witnessed his burial ( John 19:39 - 40 ) .
( b ) No. Jesus was simply wrapped in a linen shroud .
Then the women bought and prepared spices " so that they may go and anoint him [ Jesus ] " ( Mark 16:1 ) .
Contradiction # 82
When did the women buy the spices ?
( a) After " the sabbath was past " ( Mark 16:1 ) .
( b) Before the sabbath .
The women " prepared spices and ointments . "
Then , " on the Sabbath they rested according to the commandment " ( Luke 23:55 to 24:1 ) .
Contradiction # 83
At what time of day did the women visit the tomb ?
( a ) " Toward the dawn " ( Matthew 28:1 ) . ( b ) " When the sun had risen " ( Mark 16:2 ) .
Contradiction # 84
What was the purpose for which the women went to the tomb ?
( a ) To anoint Jesus ' body with spices ( Mark 16:1 ; Luke 23:55 to 24:1 ) .
( b) To see the tomb .
Nothing about spices here ( Matthew 28:1 ) .
For no specified reason .
In this gospel the wrapping with spices had been done before the sabbath ( John 20:1 ) .
Contradiction # 85
A large stone was placed at the entrance of the tomb .
Where was the stone when the women arrived ?
( a ) They saw that the stone was " Rolled back " ( Mark 16:4 ) .
They found the stone " rolled away from the tomb " ( Luke 24:2 ) .
They saw that " the stone had been taken away from the tomb " ( John 20:1 ) ( b ) As the women approached , an angel descended from heaven , rolled away the stone , and conversed with the women .
Matthew made the women witness the spectacular rolling away of the stone ( Matthew 28:1 - 6 ) .
Contradiction # 86
Did anyone tell the women what happened to Jesus ' body ?
( a ) Yes .
" A young man in a white robe " ( Mark 16:5 ) .
" Two men . . . in dazzling apparel " later described as angels ( Luke 24:4 and 24:23 ) .
An angel - the one who rolled back the stone ( Matthew 16:2 ) .
In each case the women were told that Jesus had risen from the dead ( Matthew 28:7 ; Mark 16:6 ; Luke 24:5 footnote ) .
( b ) No .
Mary met no one and returned saying , " They have taken the Lord out of the tomb , and we do not know where they have laid him " ( John 20:2 ) .
Contradiction # 87
When did Mary Magdelene first meet the resurrected Jesus ?
And how did she react ?
( a ) Mary and the other women met Jesus on their way back from their first and only visit to the tomb .
They took hold of his feet and worshiped him ( Matthew 28:9 ) .
( b)
On her second visit to the tomb Mary met Jesus just outside the tomb .
When she saw Jesus she did not recognize him .
She mistook him for the gardener .
She still thinks that Jesus ' body is laid to rest somewhere and she demands to know where .
But when Jesus said her name she at once recognized him and called him " Teacher . "
Jesus said to her , " Do not hold me . . . " ( John 20:11 to 17 ) .
Contradiction # 88
What was Jesus ' instruction for his disciples ?
( a ) " Tell my brethren to go to Galilee , and there they will see me " ( Matthew 28:10 ) . ( b ) " Go to my brethren and say to them , I am ascending to my Father and your Father , to my God and your God " ( John 20:17 ) .
Contradiction # 89
When did the disciples return to Galilee ?
( a ) Immediately , because when they saw Jesus in Galilee " some doubted " ( Matthew 28:17 ) .
This period of uncertainty should not persist .
( b) After at least 40 days .
That evening the disciples were still in Jerusalem ( Luke 24:33 ) .
Jesus appeared to them there and told them , " stay in the city until you are clothed with power from on high " ( Luke 24:49 ) .
He was appearing to them " during forty days " ( Acts 1:3 ) , and " charged them not to depart from Jerusalem , but to wait for the promise . . . " ( Acts 1:4 ) .
Contradiction # 90
To whom did the Midianites sell Joseph ?
( a ) " To the Ishmaelites " ( Genesis 37:28 ) .
( b ) " To Potiphar , an officer of Pharoah " ( Genesis 37:36 ) .
Contradiction # 91
Who brought Joseph to Egypt ?
( a ) The Ishmaelites bought Joseph and then " took Joseph to Egypt " ( Genesis 37:28 ) .
( b ) " The Midianites had sold him in Egypt " ( Genesis 37:36 ) .
Joseph said to his brothers " I am your brother , Joseph , whom you sold into Egypt " ( Genesis 45:4 ) .
Contradiction # 92
Does God change his mind ?
( a ) Yes .
The word of the Lord came to Samuel : " I repent that I have made Saul King . . . " ( 1 Samuel 15:10 to 11 ) .
( b ) No .
God " will not lie or repent ; for he is not a man , that he should repent " ( 1 Samuel 15:29 ) . ( c ) Yes .
" And the Lord repented that he had made Saul King over Israel " ( 1 Samuel 15:35 ) .
Notice that the above three quotes are all from the same chapter of the same book !
In addition , the Bible shows that God repented on several other occasions : I . The Lord was sorry that he made man " ( Genesis 6:6 ) . " I am sorry that I have made them " ( Genesis 6:7 ) ii .
" And the Lord repented of the evil which he thought to do to his people " ( Exodus 32:14 ) iii.( Lots of other such references ) .
Contradiction # 93
The Bible says that for each miracle Moses and Aaron demonstrated the same by their secret arts .
Then comes the following feat : ( a ) Moses and Aaron converted all the available water into blood ( Exodus 7:20 - 21 ) .
( b)
The magicians did the same ( Exodus 7:22 ) .
This is impossible , since there would have been no water left to convert into blood .
Contradiction # 94
Who killed Goliath ?
( a ) David ( 1 Samuel 17:23 , 50 ) . ( b ) Elhanan ( 2 Samuel 21:19 ) .
Contradiction # 95
Who killed Saul ? ( a ) " Saul took his own sword and fell upon it .
. . .
Thus Saul died ... ( 1 Samuel 31:4-6 ) .
( b ) An Amalekite slew him ( 2 Samuel 1:1 - 16 ) .
Contradiction # 96
Does every man sin ?
( a ) Yes .
" There is no man who does not sin " ( 1 Kings 8:46 ; see also 2 Chronicles 6:36 ; Proverbs 20:9 ; Ecclesiastes 7:20 ; and 1 John 1:8-10 ) .
( b ) No . True Christians cannot possibly sin , because they are the children of God .
Every one who believes that Jesus is the Christ is a child of God . . ( 1 John 5:1 ) .
" We should be called children of God ; and so we are " ( 1 John 3:1 ) .
" He who loves is born of God " ( 1 John 4:7 ) .
" No one born of God commits sin ; for God 's nature abides in him , and he cannot sin because he is born of God " ( 1 John 3:9 ) .
But , then again , Yes !
" If we say we have no sin we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us " ( 1 John 1:8 ) .
Contradiction # 97
Who will bear whose burden ?
( a ) " Bear one another 's burdens , and so fulfil the law of Christ " ( Galatians 6:2 ) .
( b ) " Each man will have to bear his own load " ( Galatians 6:5 ) .
Contradiction # 98
How many disciples did Jesus appear to after his resurrection ?
( a ) Twelve ( 1 Corinthians 15:5 ) .
( b ) Eleven ( Matthew 27:3 - 5 and Acts 1:9 - 26 , see also Matthew 28:16 ; Mark 16:14 footnote ; Luke 24:9 ; Luke 24:33 ) .
Contradiction # 99
Where was Jesus three days after his baptism ?
( a) After his baptism , " the spirit immediately drove him out into the wilderness .
And he was in the wilderness forty days . . . ( Mark 1:12 - 13 ) .
( b ) Next day after the baptism , Jesus selected two disciples .
Second day : Jesus went to Galilee — two more disciples .
Third day : Jesus was at a wedding feast in Cana in Galilee ( see John 1:35 ; 1:43 ; 2:1-11 ) .
Contradiction # 100
Was baby Jesus 's life threatened in Jerusalem ?
( a ) Yes , so Joseph fled with him to Egypt and stayed there until Herod died ( Matthew 2:13 - 23 ) .
( b ) No .
The family fled nowhere .
They calmly presented the child at the Jerusalem temple according to the Jewish customs and returned to Galilee ( Luke 2:21 - 40 ) .
Contradiction # 101
When Jesus walked on water how did the disciples respond ?
( a ) They worshiped him , saying , " Truly you are the Son of God " ( Matthew 14:33 ) . ( b ) " They were utterly astounded , for they did not understand about the loaves , but their hearts were hardened " ( Mark 6:51 - 52 ) .
Conclusion :
What I want to say
As I asked earlier , " If I can show you 101 contradictions in the Bible would you agree to listen to what I have to say ? "
I have presented the contradictions before you now the following is what I have to say .
I promise not to be long - winded .
I mentioned earlier that I believe there is a source we can turn to where we can find the truth and know what God wants for us .
The late Amed Deedat , a self - taught scholar of the Bible , had this to say in is little booklet " Is The Bible God 's Word ? " :
How do we know that a book claimed to be from God is really the Book of God .
One of the tests , is - the message emanating from an Omniscient ( all knowing ) Being MUST be consistent with itself .
It ought to be free from all discrepancies and contradictions .
( Pg.34 )
Do you think that this a fair statement , the idea that something from God will not contain any contradictions ?
I think we can all agree that this is a fair statement .
Given what Mr. Deedat has provided us with as an acid test as to the truth of a book which claims to be from God , let us now turn to the Holy Quran , the book Muslims claim is the word of God , and see what it has to say :
Do they not ponder over the Quran ?
Had it been from any other than God , surely there would have been many contradictions in it .
( Quran Chapter 4:82 )
Perhaps many of my readers have doubts that the Quran is the word of God .
In this verse the reader is being admonished to consider the Quran by giving close attention to it , and to verify if our doubts are genuine and whether it is from God or not .
We are asked to verify the authenticity of the words of the Holy Quran with a simple test - if it is from other than God there will many be discrepancies in it .
So now the responsibility is on us to take up this challenge and see if the Quran is from God or not .
Now the " Bible Thumper " will of course be quick to attack the Quran even if he has not read it .
But the fulfillment of this challenge necessitates that we actually pick the book up and read it .
But not only read it but study and examine it with great care .
Are you willing to take up this challenge , to read the Quran and see if there are any contradictions in it , or are you so unsure that you may not find the answer you are looking for that you will not bother trying at all ?
Go ahead , pick up the Quran today and see what it has to say .
I think you will be very surprised by what you find .
What do you possibly have to lose by taking up my challenge ?
You may even learn something new which is always exciting .
May God in his infinite mercy guide us all to the truth .
Morticia sent me this link and I thought this would be a great place to put this .
Have fun !
In my recent post about Jim Carrey 's nonsense , BA commenter Todd W. posted an excellent response with all sorts of data about vaccine safety .
Urged by other commenters , he has posted this online at Anti antivax .
What it amounts to is a must - read FAQ about vaccines and the claims of the antivaxxers .
Given the nonsense and outright lies spouted by commenters in every antivax post I make , I strongly urge everyone to read that page first before commenting here .
Considering what 's at stake -- babies are dying -- if you 're an antivaxxer it's the very least you can do before urging people to put their childrens ' lives , and those of others , at stake .
The lies must stop .
Tip o' the needle to Skeptic Dad .
Whatever kind of work you do at home , your office is one place you want to spend the time to make comfortable and convenient .
Take 10 of our tips on organizing , fixing , and streamlining that space .
Advertisement
Photo by pdsphil .
10 .
Get more natural or ambient light
Advertisement
If you are n't blessed with ample windows or non-annoying overhead lighting , getting a bit of illumination around your workspace can be accomplished in ways more subtle , and less expensive , than adding more lamps .
One of the Dumb Little Man blog 's 10 cheap home office improvements involves a strategically placed mirror , which helps those with bright light going the wrong way re-capture it .
When Jason was deep in his extreme home office makeover , he found that cheap rope lights made for great ambient illumination , especially as the sunlight changes in early morning and late afternoon .
Extreme Lifehacker Home Office Makeover
When my messy home office got so cluttered I could n't get anything done in it , it was time to …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
9 . Keep your PCs clean and quiet
Advertisement
For a dedicated work desk , a desktop PC makes sense — it 's far more bang for the buck , and you can use whatever size monitor you 'd like .
But desktop systems tend to get dirty , hot , and louder over time .
Luckily , you need only a can of compressed air , some household oil , and a screwdriver to evacuate PC dust bunnies and get your system running with lower drag again .
If it 's just a noisy , case - shaking hard drive at the heart of your overly - audible system , try quieting it with rubber shocks or elastic suspenders .
Starting over with a new system ?
Build it for silence from the start , and you 'll hardly ever know your system is running .
Advertisement
8 . Cover the non-obvious comforts
Advertisement
A really , seriously comfy chair .
Wall colors other than white or beige .
Extras of everything you occasionally run out of .
You 've probably put a whole bunch of thought into the precise layout of your computer desktop , but the trim and details of your home office often go sorely under-attended .
The tail end of Sara Rimer 's write - up about her perfect home office explicates the niceties that made her work - from - home life much more bearable .
And readers gave up their own tips , like keeping the printer away from the computer ( enforced away - from - screen breaks ) , and making the trash can and shredder as universally accessible as possible ( clutter killers ) .
Advertisement
7. Install a worthy whiteboard
Advertisement
Even if you 're a total computer obsessive , having a space to leave must - notice reminders and sketch out your thoughts .
If the tiny - but - affordable models at your local office store do n't do it for you , or you want something a bit more personalized , think outside the wood - framed white .
A glass version is n't quite as high - contrast readable , but certainly durable and might work against a white wall .
You could also grab some stick - on , removable dry erase sheets for those moments of fleeting big - picture inspiration .
Know a supposedly busted erase board about to hit the curb ?
Draw over the permanent marker or stuck - on erasable ink with another dry - erase marker , wipe it away , and you might be good as new .
Need just a little reusable note space ?
Grab a CD " jewel " case and put one together .
Anywhere you 've got a vertical surface , you can make a magnetic - backed whiteboard with two coats of paint you can pick up at Home Depot .
Advertisement
6 . Rescue your filing cabinet
Advertisement
It seems like everyone over a certain age has a file cabinet of some sorts , but so many of them end up as supplemental shelf space cluttered with paper , and sometimes even the paper you would file inside it .
That 's a pretty clear sign that something 's gone awry with your filing system .
Gina rescued her own cabinet with better labels and a re-thinking of its purpose and use .
The Simple Dollar helps out those who mostly use their cabinet for financial backup with the best document organizing system .
And if you 're the type to pull a folder and let it hang around , shame yourself into returning it by bookmarking its absence .
Need something more , well , file - geeky ?
Try our complete filing cabinet page .
Advertisement
5. Charge and stash your gadgets away
Remember when one power strip was all you needed for everything electronic in your life ?
Yeah , we do too , and still wish the Bills had won that Super Bowl .
But these days , your cell phone , camera battery , iPod , work phone , laptop battery , and other gear require both space and voltage .
Keeping them off your desk space , yet still easily found and charged , is easy to accomplish .
You can simply convert a cheap bedside table or soften up a simple box , or get fancy by adding switches or automatic lighting .
If you 've just got one or two things to keep handy but out of the way , a wall - mounted charger , made from an empty lotion bottle , no less , might be all you need .
Here 's a video showing one of our ( and our readers ' ) favorites , the IKEA - purchased charger box :
DIY recharging station
There are a ton of gadgets in my household which require constant recharging - phones , MP3 players , Read more
Advertisement
Click to view
4 . Keep wires out of sight
Advertisement
The entirely wireless workspace can be a reality , but not everybody 's upgraded every single component in their work life to Wi-Fi or Bluetooth .
Plus , non-iMac monitors will be wired into the immediate future .
It 's really cheap and not at all handyman - level to get wireless , either .
Adam did it in 2006 , Gina did a 2007 redux , and we 've revisited the gear and guidelines a few times since .
You can get to cordless simplicity with clamps , geek out over a concealed surge protector .
There 's no one - size - fits - all solution , but the project is almost always worth the two - lattes - at - Starbucks price of entry .
Advertisement
3 . Make it easy on your eyes , arms , and ... seat
Advertisement
Your body did n't evolve over 200,000 years to sit at a desk and use a computer eight - ish hours per day .
The best you can do is try and lessen the impact of a modern work day on the parts that get the most taxed .
The Ergotron site has a really helpful ergonomic workspace planner that provides ideal heights for desks , chairs , monitors , and other office components , along with a workspace assessment to see how your current setup holds out under stress tests .
If that 's all too much , simply move your monitors to just below eye level , as Reader 's Digest suggests .
If you 're really keen on getting away from the standard office routine , gather up the tools and build your own standing desk space .
Advertisement
2 . Get a label maker — the lightsaber of organization
Advertisement
Next time you feel the deep , strong need to run out and buy another plastic box for your stuff , ask yourself if you could n't get just as far by putting a new label on a box you already have .
That 's the key to a label maker — it lets you design an organization system from your own work flow , not the other way 'round .
We 've previously revealed our crush on the Brother P - touch Home and Hobby model , but our label - loving readers have a few other recommendations , too .
Advertisement
1. Keep it clean
Advertisement
Sounds easy at first glance , does n't it ?
Buy some stacking inboxes , put the coffee mugs away when you 're done with them , and file everything you 're not working on away .
Boy , do n't we wish .
Our own Jason totally remade his entire home office space , from floors to walls , using a number of tried and tested organization and physical re-arrangements .
I have only a single desk to manage , but found it cluttered enough to clean it and keep it that way , mostly by banishing my " junk drawer " and maximizing the horizontal real estate on it .
However you tackle your decluttering project , pick something that sticks , and which makes putting things away take no more time than throwing something out .
Photo by frischmilch .
Advertisement
What makes your home office a great place to work ?
How do you keep it both comfortable and productive ?
What productivity problems do you need to tackle in your setup ?
We want to hear it all in the comments .
Actor Richard Dreyfuss , center , waits to speak at news conference with the Civil War Preservation Trust .
Dreyfuss : Cheney belongs in jail
Former Vice President Dick
Cheney being out of office is n't enough for actor Richard Dreyfuss :
He wants him locked up .
Dreyfuss knows a thing or two about Cheney , having played him in Oliver Stone 's film , " W. "
We caught up with Dreyfuss Tuesday as he appeared at both the National Press Club and the African - American Civil War Memorial to focus attention on the need to preserve our nation 's civil war battlefields .
Advertisement
Watch the accompanying video to see more of Dreyfuss ' day , to hear his thoughts on Cheney , to see his wish for Barack Obama to get more involved on preserving Civil War battlefields and to hear him share some , er , deep thoughts with schoolchildren .
Elephants form a heart shape with their trunks while the sun sets in the background at an elephant camp in the former Thai kingdom of Ayutthaya , 70 km ( 44 miles ) north of Bangkok February 12 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Sukree Sukplang
WARSAW ( Reuters ) - A Polish politician has criticised his local zoo for acquiring a “ gay ” elephant named Ninio who prefers male companions and will probably not procreate , local media reported on Friday .
“ We did n’t pay 37 million zlotys ( 7.6 million pounds ) for the largest elephant house in Europe to have a gay elephant live there , ” Michal Grzes , a conservative councillor in the city of Poznan in western Poland , was quoted as saying .
“ We were supposed to have a herd , but as Ninio prefers male friends over females how will he produce offspring ? ” said Grzes , who is from the right - wing opposition Law and Justice party .
The head of the Poznan zoo said 10 - year - old Ninio may be too young to decide whether he prefers males or females as elephants only reach sexual maturity at 14 .
The Mercedes - Benz SLR Stirling Moss can accelerate to 62 mph in 3.5 sec .
It 's capable of 217 mph .
So what , you say .
Those numbers have become standard supercar fare .
The Ferrari Enzo can touch 225 mph .
The Corvette ZR1 barrels to 60 mph in 3.3 sec .
Ah , but here 's the twist -- this SLR does its thing without roof , windows , and windshield .
Envision the wind buffeting you mercilessly at 150 mph or how a bug or rock would feel hitting you at that speed .
That 's the SLR Stirling Moss sensation .
It 's a car created as a tribute to the man crazy enough to drive a Formula 1 - based car 1000 miles flat out at an average speed of nearly 100 mph -- all with little more than an open - face helmet and goggles protecting him from the violently onrushing air and debris .
For those uneducated in motorsport heroes of yesteryear , Moss is a bona - fide racing legend .
Versatile as he was fast , he competed in both Le Mans and Formula 1 with much success .
Later , he became known as " the greatest driver never to win the World Championship . "
Moss ' most prolific victory among the many he scored behind the wheel of a Mercedes came in the aforementioned endurance race : the 1955 Mille Miglia .
There he piloted a Mercedes Benz 300SLR bearing the number 722 , and covered 1000 miles in 10 hours / seven minutes / 48 seconds .
See all 5 photos
That 's why this windshield - free SLR bears the Stirling Moss name .
Mercedes already celebrated Moss ' victory two years ago with another Mercedes McLaren special edition called the SLR722 , a car that received a modest power upgrade , badges , and shiny new wheels over the base SLR .
The Stirling Moss goes much further .
Besides eliminating the glass and roof ( there are a couple of tiny wind deflectors ) , Mercedes made dramatic changes to the bodywork , which is done entirely in carbon fiber like the SLR roadster .
Gone are the vents aft of the front wheels , in their place are dual exhaust pipes that exit straight through the bodywork , as they did in the 300 .
The side skirts have been raised , the doors trimmed , and the nose sharpened -- Silver Arrow style .
The headlights are a nod to the Mille Miglia winner , as are the air scoops behind the driver and passenger .
Okay , the 300 just had one scoop , but we 'll ignore this historical faux pas in the name of safety as the scoops double as rollbars .
See all 5 photos
Mercedes even translates the original 300's bulge on the passenger side of the Stirling Moss ' hood , necessary at the time to fit the 310 - hp inline - eight .
The supercharged 5.4L V - 8 underhood dwarfs the original motor and adds another 340 ponies for a total output of 650 hp .
The Stirling Moss SLR also employs a closed underbody and a bigger rear diffuser than on the base SLR in an effort to further improve downforce .
The Mercedes Airbrake system , a spoiler that deploys under aggressive braking , can also be manually operated by the driver .
The relatively Spartan cabin features a mix of carbon fiber , aluminum , and leather trimmings .
An aluminum plate located in the area around the gearshift features a Stirling Moss signature , and the cockpit can be closed with the two tonneau covers stored in the trunk .
See all 5 photos
After its world debut at the 2009 Detroit auto show , Mercedes will begin production of the Stirling Moss in May 2009 , just after the SLR run ends .
The company plans on building a scant 75 examples for European customers only between then and December , which will officially spell the end of the SLR partnership between Mercedes and McLaren .
Each model will be offered only to current , " most loyal " SLR customers with an expected price in the if - you - have - to - ask nature .
OK , if you really have to ask , it 's 750,000 euro , or just over $ 1 million a copy .
A word of advice to those auspicious customers : Keep an eye out for wayward bugs .
* Round up the usual philosophers .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2009/mar/12/philosophy
Move over Jacko , Idea of Communism is hottest ticket in town this weekend
Duncan Campbell
guardian.co.uk , Thursday 12 March 2009
The hottest ticket in London this weekend is not for a pop singer or a football match but for a conference on communism which brings together some of the world ’s leading Marxist academics .
The international financial crisis has led to a resurgence of interest in a philosophy that many claimed had been buried with the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Such has been the interest in the conference , entitled On the Idea of Communism , being staged at London university ’s Birkbeck college from tomorrow , that the venue has been changed three times to accommodate the extra demand and is sold out .
Participants are flying in from the US , Latin America , Africa and Australia to hear from some of the world ’s big hitters on the subject .
One of the organisers , the Slovenian philosopher and writer , Slavoj Zizek , ( ( ( I might have known ) ) ) has emphasised that the purpose of the gathering is not to “ deal with practico - political questions of how to analyse the latest economic , political , and military troubles , or how to organise a new political movement ” .
He added : “ more radical questioning is needed today – this is a meeting of philosophers who will deal with communism as a philosophical concept , advocating a precise and strong thesis : from Plato onwards , communism is the only political idea worthy of a philosopher . ”
Although the conference seems particularly timely , it was planned last summer , well before the scale of the current economic collapse had become apparent .
( ( ( Sometimes a communist just plan gets lucky . ) ) )
“ The response has taken us by surprise , ” said Costas Douzinas , director of the Birkbeck institute for the humanities , which is hosting the three - day event .
“ It must be related to the wider political context .
There is a sense that we have to start thinking again . ”
( ( ( Good thing our philosophers have been spared that ordeal lately . ) ) )
He said that the gathering was about the meaning of communism and speakers had indicated that they would be very critical of the Soviet model .
Among the questions to be addressed is whether “ communism is still the name to be used to designate the horizon of radical emancipatory projects ” .
The participants include the radical Italian writer and academic , Toni Negri , who was once sentenced to a long prison term for “ insurrection against the state ” in Italy , Terry Eagleton and the French philosopher , Alain Badiou , author of the recent book on the French president , The Meaning of Sarkozy .
Other speakers include Michael Hardt , Gianni Vattimo , Bruno Bosteels from Cornell university , Alessandro Russo , Judith Balso , and Alberto Toscano … .
Posted by skywalking1 in Uncategorized
Mission Highlights STS -80
November 1996
( Published by NASA Johnson Space Center in early 1997 , and transcribed by me for posting here .
Credit NASA )
Double deploys Highlight Mission
An early morning landing of the Space Shuttle Columbia ended a more than 17 - day mission to deploy and retrieve two science satellites , one that studied stars and another that made thin film wafers .
Pilot Kent Rominger recounted how impressive it was to see the trailing satellites at sunrise .
“ It was incredible having two satellites out there at the same time .
In the morning when the sun would rise , they were just tremendously bright stars , trailing along behind us . ”
Mission Specialist Tamara Jernigan reflected on how a stuck hatch would give the space program an advantage in future flights .
” This flight offered all of us a bit of everything the space program has to offer , ” Jernigan said .
“ It offered the excitement of two deploys , rendezvous and retrievals , and also the frustration of a hatch that would n’t open and EVAs left undone .
I bet it is a long , long time before we ever have another hatch problem .
NASA will make the most of the lesson it has learned . ”
Mission Specialist Story Musgrave recounted that the long mission gave him a sense of what space is all about .
” This mission was long enough so you had some time to stop and think about what space was about , ” Musgrave said .
“ Time to have an experience of space to explore the heavens , to explore the Earth and think about what that is all about and get a feel for space . ”
In addition to setting a record for the longest shuttle flight to date , Astronaut Musgrave reached a few milestones for himself .
His sixth shuttle flight tied him with John Young for the most space flights by any human being .
In addition , at age 61 , Musgrave became the oldest person ever to fly in space .
Mission Events
The Space Shuttle Columbia returned to space for the 21st time at 1:55 p.m. CST , November 19 , 1996 .
Its scientific mission was to study stars , produce improved semiconductor films and practice building the International Space Station .
Mission specialist Tammy Jernigan released the Orbiting Retrievable Far and Extreme Ultraviolet Spectrometer ( ORFEUS ) from Columbia ’ s robot arm November 20 , about 10:11 p.m. CST .
Three hours later , ground controllers observed the telescope door opening and noted that the instrument appeared to be working properly , beginning two weeks of gathering data on the origin and makeup of stars .
While Columbia led the ORFEUS­ SPAS spacecraft , the five astronauts concentrated their attention on other activities aboard the orbiter including testing the Space Vision System , conducting a visual checkout of the Wake Shield Facility ( WSF ) and working with middeck experiments .
Other experiments conducted by the crew included VIEW - CPL , an investigation of capillary pumped loop equipment in weightlessness designed by University of Maryland students .
Such technology may be used in cooling systems for future spacecraft , allowing fluids to be pumped without the use of moving parts .
Astronaut Tom Jones unberthed the WSF from its latched position in the shuttle cargo bay Friday , November 22 , at 2:56 p.m.
Jones positioned the satellite over the left - hand edge of the cargo bay with the WSF underside facing into the direction of travel .
This position allows atomic oxygen to “ cleanse ” the satellite ’s underside in preparation for its experiment operations .
The crew released the WSF at 7:38 p.m. CST .
The first growth of thin films on the back side of the WSF began Saturday , November 23 , at 6:37 p.m. CST .
The film growths continued while the WSF flew free of the Orbiter .
Commander Ken Cockrell took the shuttle to within 35 feet of the WSF Monday , November 25 , and Astronaut Tom Jones latched the mechanical arm onto it about 8:01 p.m. CST .
The satellite ’s scientists reported they completed seven thin film growths of semiconductor materials , the maximum capability for the satellite .
The WSF again was unberthed at 6:06 p.m. CST November the 27 , for 3.5 hours of work with the Atomic Oxygen Processing experiment .
With work to produce aluminum oxide films using the atomic oxygen available in low - Earth orbit going well , scientists were granted an extra 3 hours to finish their work and test the Orbiter Space Vision System ’s ability to provide precise information on the WSF ’s position in the cargo bay .
Plans for a spacewalk by astronauts Tammy Jernigan and Tom Jones were abandoned after the airlock outer hatch failed to open .
A post flight analysis of the hatch revealed a loose screw was the problem .
Although the planned space walks were canceled , crew members took advantage of the micro­gravity environment of space to evaluate the Pistol Grip Tool in the cabin .
Jernigan , Jones and Musgrave evaluated the tool while tightening and loosening a bolt on the middeck floor to evaluate the tool ’s operation in weightlessness .
Scientists were given an extra day of science gathering with the extension of the STS - 80 mission .
The ORFEUS­ SPAS satellite was captured from its orbit using the robotic arm about 2:26 a.m. CST , Wednesday December 3 .
Jernigan , Jones and Musgrave performed about four hours of robot arm operations with ORFEUS - SPAS prior to locking the satellite in the payload bay at 7:14 a.m .
A second extra day in space was granted to the five astronauts aboard Columbia when fog prevented a landing at Florida ’s Kennedy Space Center and high winds on the Mojave Desert meant that Edwards Air Force Base also was not available .
NASA ’s final shuttle mission of 1996 concluded at 5:49 a.m. CST , December 7 , with a landing at Kennedy Space Center .
Payload Descriptions
ORFEUS -SPAS II : The Orbiting and Retrievable Far and Extreme Ultraviolet Spectrograph - Shuttle Pallet Satellite IT ( ORFEUS - SPAS II ) mission was the third flight to use the German - built ASTRO - SPAS science satellite .
The ASTRO - SPAS program is a cooperative endeavor between NASA and the German Space Agency , DARA .
ORFEUS - SPAS II , a free - flying satellite , was deployed and retrieved using Columbia ’ s Remote Manipulator System ( RMS ) .
The goal of this astrophysics mission was to investigate the rarely explored far - and extreme - ultraviolet regions of the electromagnetic spectrum , and study the very hot and very cold matter in the universe .
ORFEUS -SPAS II attempted a large number of observing programs .
Among the many areas in which scientists hoped to gain new insights during this mission was the evolution of stars , the structure of galaxies , and the nature of the interstellar medium , and others .
Many of the objects they looked at had never before been observed in the far - ultraviolet .
ASTRO -SPAS is a carrier designed for launch , deployment and retrieval by the space shuttle .
Once deployed from the shuttle ’s RMS , ASTRO - SPAS operated quasi-autonomously for 14 days in the vicinity of the shuttle .
After completion of the free flight phase , the satellite was retrieved by the RMS , returned to the shuttle cargo bay and returned to Earth .
The one - meter diameter ORFEUS telescope with the Far Ultraviolet ( FUV ) Spectrograph and the Extreme Ultraviolet ( EUV ) Spectrograph comprised the main payload .
A secondary , but highly complementary , payload was the Interstellar Medium Absorption Profile Spectrograph ( IMAPS ) .
In addition to the astronomy payloads , ORFEUS - SPAS II carried the Surface Effects Sample Monitor ( SESAM ) , the ATV Rendezvous Pre-Development Project ( ARP ) , and the Student Experiment on ASTRO - SPAS ( SEAS ) .
The ORFEUS - SPAS II mission was dedicated to astronomical observations at very short wavelengths , specifically the two spectral ranges Far Ultraviolet and Extreme Ultraviolet .
This part of the electromagnetic spectrum , which is obscured by the Earth ’s atmosphere and not observed by the Hubble Space Telescope , includes a high density of spectral lines ( especially from various states of hydrogen and oxygen ) , which are emitted or absorbed by matter covering a wide range of temperatures .
The primary scientific objectives were :
Investigation of the nature of hot stellar atmospheres
Investigation of cooling mechanisms of white dwarf stars
Investigation of supernova remnants
Investigation of the interstellar medium and potential star forming regions
The Interstellar Medium Absorption Profile Spectrograph ( IMAPS ) was a separate instrument , attached to the ASTRO - SPAS framework .
IMAPS operated independently of the ORFEUS telescope .
IMAPS operated for more than two days of free flight and during that time observed the brightest galactic objects at extremely high resolutions .
This resolution allows study of fine structure in interstellar gas lines .
The individual motions of interstellar gas clouds can be determined to an accuracy of 1.6 kilometers per second .
Another science payload was the Surface Effects Sample Monitor ( SESAM ) , a passive carrier for state­ of - the - art optical surfaces and potential future detector materials .
SESAM investigated the impact of the space environment on materials and surfaces in different phases of a space shuttle mission , from launch , orbit phase to re-entry into the Earth ’s atmosphere .
Among the SESAM samples were witness samples to the telescope mirror , allowing for accurate calibration measurements after landing .
Sample spaces were available to scientific and industrial users .
The ATV Rendezvous Pre­Development Project ( ARP ) , part of the European Space Agency ’s Automated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) , was an element of the European manned space transportation program .
Among the objectives of the ARP were to develop and validate ground simulation facilities ; develop and demonstrate on - board control software and in­orbit relative GPS capabilities ; and to demonstrate the operation of the optical rendezvous sensor in orbit .
The Student Experiment on ASTRO - SPAS ( SEAS ) was an electrolysis experiment built by students of the German high school of Ottobrunn .
It consisted of eight experiment chambers containing various metal salt solutions and two electrodes .
Metal “ trees ” of different shapes were grown on one electrode .
Photographs taken of this process during the mission were compared to those of identical experiments conducted on the ground under the full influence of Earth ’s gravity .
DARA SCHOOL PROJECT : For this second ORFEUS - SPAS mission , DARA developed an innovative educational program designed to reach students in 170 German schools teaching astronomy , physics and computer science .
The classes were tailored to prepare the students to use ORFEUS­ SPAS data in the study of general astronomy , the life and death of stars , stellar spectral analysis , as well as how to work with the data on computers via the Internet .
DARA supplied the necessary written course information and developed an ORFEUS - SPAS Internet home page , where students received and worked directly with the data obtained during the mission .
WAKE SHIELD FACILITY -3 ( WSF - 3 ) : The WSF - 3 was a 12 - foot diameter , free - flying , stainless steel disk designed to generate an “ ultra­ vacuum ” environment in space in which to grow semiconductor thin films for use in advanced electronics .
The STS - 80 crew deployed and retrieved the WSF during the 17 - day mission using Columbia ’s “ robot arm , ” or Remote Manipulator System .
Wake Shield was sponsored by the Space Processing Division in NASA ’s Office of Life and Microgravity Sciences and Applications .
It was designed , built and operated by the Space Vacuum Epitaxy Center at the University of Houston - a NASA Commercial Space Center , in conjunction with its industrial partner , Space Industries , Inc. , also in Houston .
Low - Earth Orbit ( LEO ) space has only a moderate natural vacuum , one that can be greatly improved through the generation of an “ ultra vacuum ” wake behind an object moving through orbit .
The unique ultra vacuum produced in the wake of the WSF has been shown in past flights to be 100 to 1,000 times better than the best operating ground - based laboratory chamber vacuums .
Using this ultra­vacuum in space , the WSF had already grown the highest purity aluminum gallium arsenide thin films , and holds the promise of producing the next generation of semiconductor materials along with the devices they make possible .
The major objective of this third flight of WSF is to grow thin “ epitaxial ” films which could have a significant impact on the micro-electronics industry because the use of advanced semiconducting thin film materials in electronic components holds a very promising economic advantage .
The commercial applications for high quality semiconductor devices are most critical in the consumer technology areas of personal communications systems , fiber optic communications , high - speed transistors and processors , and opto­electronic devices .
The Space Experiment Module ( SEM ) was a NASA Goddard Space Flight Center Shuttle Small Payloads Project education initiative that provided increased educational access to space .
The program targeted kindergarten through university level participants .
SEM stimulated and encouraged direct student participation in the creation , development , and flight of zero- gravity and microgravity experiments on the space shuttle .
SEM ’s first flight included a number of experiments sponsored by the Charleston , SC , school district ( CAN­DO ) .
Their experiments included Gravity & Acceleration Readings , Bacteria - Agar Research Instrument , Crystal Research in Space , Magnetic Attraction Viewed in Space , and numerous passive items such as algae , bones , yeast , and photographic film .
Purdue University in West Lafayette , IN , also sponsored a number of experiments : Fluid Thermal Convection , NADH Oxidase Absorbence in Shrimp , and a Passive Particle Detector experiment .
Hampton Elementary School in Lutherville , MD , experimented with seeds , soil , chalk , crayon , calcite , Silly Putty , bubble solution , popcorn , mosquito eggs , and other organic compounds .
Glenbrook North High School in Northbrook , IL , had a Surface Tension experiment .
Albion Jr. High in Strongville , OH , flew a heat transfer experiment and studied the heating properties of copper tubes and pennies .
Poquoson Middle School in Poquoson ; VA , conducted a Bacteria Inoculation in Space experiment and NORSTAR ( Norfolk Public Schools Science and Technology Advanced Research ) in Norfolk , VA , observed the behavior of immiscible fluids .
NIH - R4 was the fourth in a series of collaborative experiments developed by NASA and the National Institutes of Health .
NASA ’s Ames Research Center , Mountain View , CA , was the experiment developer .
Principal investigator of the NIH­R4 experiment , “ Calcium , Metabolism and Vascular Function After Space Flight , ” was the Oregon Health Sciences University , Portland .
For many years , they investigated the role of calcium in blood pressure regulation .
Calcium has long been recognized as a critical mineral in the nor­ mal development and function of bone and muscle .
These researchers were among the first to demonstrate that calcium also is essential for normal cardiovascular function .
This study added to the body of knowledge necessary to maintain the health of astronauts during space flight .
In addition , it added new and exciting data to a growing body of evidence that calcium is a mineral with myriad functions critical to the normal function of human life on Earth .
NASA / CCM -A is one in a series of bone cell experiments conducted aboard the space shuttle .
Results from a previous shuttle flight , NIH .C4 on STS - 69 , indicate that bone is affected by microgravity at the cellular level .
The investigators participating in the STS - 80 CCM - A mission hope to confirm their previous findings , and further test the hypothesis that the absence of gravity has a negative effect on bone formation .
Weightlessness results in bone loss in astronauts , similar to what occurs in people who undergo prolonged bed rest or , in some cases , lose the use of one of their limbs due to injury or disease .
The exact cause of the bone loss is not yet clear , but it is at least partially due to decreased activity of osteoblasts , the cells which produce the matrix which mineralizes to become bone .
Weightlessness results in similar decreased bone formation in both rodents and humans .
Results from this experiment help scientists determine the usefulness of cultured bone cells in understanding how the acceleration due to gravity functions to maintain bone cell activity .
The Principal Investigator for this study was the Mayo Clinic , Rochester , MN .
Osteoblast adhesion and phenotype in microgravity : Among the unanswered questions of bone loss during space flight are the direct effects that microgravity exerts on bone cells , and the mechanisms by which these cells recognize changes in gravity .
This study focused on bone cells of the osteoblast family , which synthesize bone matrix and also may participate in its breakdown ( resorption ) by regulating the formation and activity of bone - resorbing cells , osteoblasts .
The investigators of this study were the Departments of Orthopedics , and Ophthalmology at Mount Sinai School of Medicine , NY .
The project was sponsored by NASA ’s Office of Life and Microgravity Sciences and Applications Small Payloads Program , and the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal Diseases .
BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH IN CANISTER ( BRIC ) :
Although various effects of microgravity on plants have been observed , little is known about the underlying mechanisms involved .
BRlC - 09 studied the influence of microgravity on genetically altered tomato and tobacco seedlings that had been modified to contain elements of soybean genes .
This study provided information about plants ’ molecular biology and insight into the transport and distribution mechanisms for hormones within plants .
The research provides crucial information on how to improve growth rates and biomass production of space - grown plants as well as information on how to enhance crop productivity on the Earth .
The improvement of growth rate and biomass production of space­ grown plants is particularly useful for the development of life support systems to support crews over long­ duration flights .
The improvement of growth and biomass production of space - grown plants also is an important step toward commercial application of space using plants as bioreactors for pharmaceutical products and for other commercial purposes .
The principal investigator was , Kansas State University , Division of Biology , Manhattan , KS .
COMMERCIAL MDA ITA EXPERIMENT ( CMIX - 5 ) : CMIX - 5 was the last in a series of five shuttle flights linking NASA and the University of Alabama / Huntsville ( UAH ) Consortium for Materials Development in Space , with flight hardware privately developed by Instrumentation Technology Associates ( ITA ) of Exton , PA .
UAH research included diabetes treatment ; cell reaction in microgravity that may lead to tissue replacement techniques ; the development of gene combinations that are toxic to insect pests but not harmful to other species , thus creating a natural pesticide ; and an environmental monitoring model using mysid shrimp .
A key activity for ITA was the ongoing effort to grow large protein crystals of urokinase for research linked to breast cancer inhibitors .
There was also an ITA materials analysis study to see if the use of sealants in microgravity can lead to better protection of ntional monuments against acid rain .
ITA also sponsored seven elementary and high school research activities as well as experiments linked to the National Space Society and the International Space University .
VISUALIZATION IN AN EXPERIMENTAL WATER CAPILLARY PUMPED LOOP ( VIEW­CPL ) :
This technology was an option for spacecraft thermal management .
A CPL collects and transports excess heat generated by spacecraft instruments .
The heat is transported to a spacecraft radiator for rejection into space .
Requiring no mechanical pump , a CPL can transport more energy for longer distances than heat pipes currently used today .
The purpose of the STS - 80 experiment was to help develop a complete understanding of CPL physics in a microgravity environment by viewing the fluid flow inside the evaporator .
VIEW - CPL was developed by the Department of Mechanical Engineering of the University of Maryland at College Park , as part of NASA ’s In - Space Technology Experiment Program ( IN­ STEP ) .
CREW BIOGRAPHIES
Commander : Kenneth D. Cockrell .
Cockrell , 46 , was born , in Austin , TX .
He received a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Texas and a master of science degree in aeronautical systems from the University of West Florida .
Cockrell was selected as an astronaut by NASA in January 1990 and became qualified for a flight assignment July 1991 .
A veteran of three space flights , including STS - 56 in 1993 and STS - 69 in 1995 , he has logged more than 906 hours in space .
Pilot : Kent V. Rominger ( CMDR , USN ) .
Rominger , 40 , was born in Del Norte , CO .
He received a bachelor of science degree in civil engineering from Colorado State University and a master of science degree in aeronautical engineering from the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School .
Rominger reported to the Johnson Space Center in August 1992 and after completing the one year of required training became qualified for future flight assignment .
He made his first space flight from Oct. 20 to Nov. 5 , 1995 , on STS - 73 during which Rominger served as pilot .
With the completion of STS - 80 , Rominger has logged more than 806 hours in space .
Mission Specialist : Tamara E. Jernigan ( Ph.D. ) .
Jernigan , 37 , was born in Chattanooga , TN .
She received a bachelor of science degree in physics ( with honors ) and a master of science degree in engineering science from Stanford University .
Jernigan also earned a master of science degree in astronomy from the University of California - Berkeley and a doctorate in space physics and astronomy from Rice University .
Jernigan was selected as an astronaut candidate by NASA in June 1985 and became an astronaut in July 1986 .
A veteran of four space flights , Jernigan was a mission specialist on STS - 40 in 1991 and STS - 52 in October 1992 .
She was the payload commander on STS - 67 in March 1995 and with the completion of STS - 80 has logged more than 1,278 hours in space .
Mission Specialist : Thomas D. Jones ( Ph.D. ) .
Jones , 41 , was born in Baltimore , MD .
He received a bachelor of science degree in basic sciences from the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs , CO , and a doctorate in planetary science from the University of Arizona in Tucson .
After a year of training following his selection by NASA in January 1990 , Jones became an astronaut in July 1991 .
In 1994 , he flew as a mission specialist on successive flights of Space Shuttle Endeavour and the Space Radar Laboratory payload .
His first flight was in April 1994 on STS - 59 and then in October 1994 on STS - 68 , he served as payload commander for Space Radar Lab 2 .
With the completion of STS - 80 , Jones has logged more than 963 hours in space .
Mission Specialist : Story Musgrave ( MD ) .
Musgrave , 61 , was born in Boston , MA , but considers Lexington , KY , to be his hometown .
He received a bachelor of science degree in mathematics and statistics from Syracuse University , a master of business administration degree in operations analysis and computer programming from the University of California at Los Angeles , a bachelor of arts degree in chemistry from Marietta College , a doctorate in medicine from Columbia University , New York , NY , a master of science in physiology and biophysics from the University of Kentucky , and a master of arts in literature from the University of Houston .
Musgrave was selected as a scientist - astronaut by NASA in August 1967 .
A veteran of six space flights , Musgrave was a mission specialist on STS - 6 in 1983 , STS - 51 F in 1985 , STS - 33 in 1989 and STS - 44 in 1991 .
He was the payload commander on STS - 61 in 1993 and with the completion of STS - 80 has logged more than 1,282 hours in space .
His sixth flight tied him with John Young ’s record for most number of space flights by any human being and , at age 61 , made him the oldest person ever to fly in space .
The STS - 80 mission patch depicts Space Shuttle Columbia and the two research satellites its crew deployed into the blue field of space .
The uppermost satellite is ORFEUS - SPAS ( Orbiting Retrievable Far and Extreme Ultraviolet Spectrograph - Shuttle Pallet Satellite ) , a telescope aimed at unraveling the life cycles of stars and understanding the gases that drift between them .
The lower satellite is the Wake Shield Facility , flying for the third time .
It used the vacuum of space to create advanced semiconductors for the nation ’s electronics industry .
ORFEUS and Wake Shield are joined by the symbol of the Astronaut Corps , representing the human contribution to scientific progress in space .
The two bright blue stars represent the mission ’s space walks , final rehearsals for techniques and tools to be used in assembly of the International Space Station .
Surrounding Columbia is a constellation of 16 stars , one for each day of the mission , representing the stellar talents of the ground and flight team that share the goal of expanding knowledge through a permanent human presence in space .
IS - 1996-11-001.080JSC
www.AstronautTomJones.com
Dry ice vs. soap
I ’m sure we all still fondly remember sitting in our high school science classes , marvelling at how cool liquid nitrogen is .
I mean , it freezes anything in seconds – what ’s cooler than that ?
You ’ll be surprised – in this week ’s video selection we take a look at some of the even cooler things that you can do with liquid nitrogen !
Make sure you watch the last video too because it will explain how all the things in the other videos work .
Balloon in liquid nitrogen
Underwater liquid nitrogen explosion
Dry ice bubble
Liquid nitrogen demonstration
Via iafrica.com
DAYTONA BEACH , Fla . — Jimmie Johnson became the first driver in 31 years to sweep Daytona International Speedway , accomplishing the feat with a dominating run Saturday night for his fourth win of the season .
The Daytona 500 winner is the first driver since Bobby Allison in 1982 , and the fifth overall , to win both races in a season at Daytona .
“ I do n’t think I made a bad move tonight .
I ’m pretty proud of that , ” Johnson said .
“ To tie anything that Bobby did is really special .
I ’m very proud of that .
I ’ve going to take that home and savor it pretty well . ”
The five - time NASCAR champion was the leader on the restart for a two - lap sprint to the finish in overtime Saturday night .
He held off Kevin Harvick on the restart , and then pulled out front to a sizeable lead .
Tony Stewart moved into second and may have been timing his attempt to make a pass for the lead when a caution in the middle of the pack froze the field .
Stewart was second , followed by Kevin Harvick in a Chevrolet sweep .
Clint Bowyer was fourth and team co-owner Michael Waltrip fifth in a pair of Toyotas .
Then came Kurt Busch , Jamie McMurray and Dale Earnhardt Jr. as Chevrolets took six of the top eight spots and seven of the top 10 .
Casey Mears was ninth in a Ford , followed by Ryan Newman .
The race was stopped for almost nine minutes for a six - car accident with 11 laps remaining that included yet another vicious hit for Denny Hamlin .
Hamlin ’s car inexplicably turned right and spun hard into the frontstretch wall .
It then turned back into traffic and Hamlin was tagged hard by AJ Allmendinger in a hit that caused his car to lift off the ground .
Both he and Allmendinger had to collect themselves after climbing from their wrecked cars , but both were evaluated and released from the infield care center .
Hamlin missed four races earlier this season with a compression fracture in a vertebra in his lower back , and took a hard hit last Sunday at Kentucky .
He tested Monday at Indianapolis Motor Speedway , but had to be evaluated by a doctor on site before he got in the car .
Also involved in the late accident with Hamlin and Allmendinger were Matt Kenseth , Hamlin ’s Joe Gibbs Racing teammate , and Jeff Gordon .
“ I saw the wreck and tried to slow down and miss it , but just not much I could do , ” Kenseth said .
Sprint Cup
Coke Zero 400
At Daytona International Speedway
Daytona Beach , Fla .
Lap length : 2.5 miles
( Start position in parentheses )
1. ( 8 ) Jimmie Johnson , Chevrolet , 161 laps , 140.7 rating , 48 points .
2 . ( 13 ) Tony Stewart , Chevrolet , 161 , 91.4 , 42 .
3 . ( 26 ) Kevin Harvick , Chevrolet , 161 , 77.3 , 41 .
4 . ( 3 ) Clint Bowyer , Toyota , 161 , 80.6 , 40 .
5 . ( 7 ) Michael Waltrip , Toyota , 161 , 74.4 , 39 .
6 . ( 22 ) Kurt Busch , Chevrolet , 161 , 103.7 , 38 .
7 . ( 27 ) Jamie McMurray , Chevrolet , 161 , 112.4 , 38 .
8 . ( 16 ) Dale Earnhardt Jr. , Chevrolet , 161 , 96.3 , 36 .
9 . ( 19 ) Casey Mears , Ford , 161 , 88.5 , 35 .
10 . ( 21 ) Ryan Newman , Chevrolet , 161 , 64 , 34 .
11 . ( 9 ) Ricky Stenhouse Jr. , Ford , 161 , 84.5 , 33 .
12 . ( 1 ) Kyle Busch , Toyota , 161 , 95.4 , 33 .
13 . ( 32 ) J.J. Yeley , Chevrolet , 161 , 60.5 , 32 .
14 . ( 11 ) Danica Patrick , Chevrolet , 161 , 80.9 , 30 .
15 . ( 28 ) David Gilliland , Ford , 161 , 64.6 , 30 .
16 . ( 17 ) Jeff Burton , Chevrolet , 161 , 52.7 , 29 .
17 . ( 10 ) Greg Biffle , Ford , 161 , 75.6 , 27 .
18 . ( 40 ) Travis Kvapil , Toyota , 161 , 64.8 , 27 . 19 . ( 39 ) Terry Labonte , Ford , 161 , 47.2 , 25 . 20 . ( 20 ) Trevor Bayne , Ford , 161 , 73.4 , 0 .
21 . ( 15 ) Brad Keselowski , Ford , 161 , 88.1 , 23 .
22 . ( 38 ) David Ragan , Ford , 161 , 52.8 , 23 . 23 . ( 34 ) Bobby Labonte , Toyota , 161 , 56.1 , 21 . 24 . ( 43 ) Landon Cassill , Chevrolet , 161 , 37.6 , 0 . 25 . ( 37 ) Josh Wise , Ford , 161 , 41.8 , 0 . 26 . ( 25 ) Marcos Ambrose , Ford , 161 , 85.9 , 18 . 27 . ( 42 ) Joe Nemechek , Toyota , 161 , 36.3 , 0 . 28 . ( 36 ) Scott Speed , Ford , 161 , 49.4 , 16 . 29 . ( 12 ) Carl Edwards , Ford , 161 , 66.3 , 15 . 30 . ( 41 ) David Reutimann , Toyota , 159 , 51.1 , 14 .
31 . ( 29 ) Dave Blaney , Chevrolet , 157 , 50.5 , 13 .
32 . ( 4 ) Kasey Kahne , Chevrolet , accident , 155 , 95.4 , 12 . 33 . ( 2 ) Matt Kenseth , Toyota , 154 , 82.6 , 12 . 34 . ( 23 ) Jeff Gordon , Chevrolet , accident , 151 , 68.3 , 10 . 35 . ( 33 ) A J Allmendinger , Chevrolet , accident , 149 , 55.6 , 9 . 36 . ( 24 ) Denny Hamlin , Toyota , accident , 149 , 72.8 , 9 . 37 . ( 35 ) David Stremme , Toyota , accident , 127 , 56.5 , 7 . 38 . ( 30 ) Aric Almirola , Ford , accident , 127 , 61.3 , 6 . 39 . ( 14 ) Juan Pablo Montoya , Chevrolet , 126 , 61.9 , 5 . 40 . ( 18 ) Joey Logano , Ford , 105 , 69.2 , 4 .
41 . ( 5 ) Martin Truex Jr. , Toyota , accident , 97 , 65.9 , 3 . 42 . ( 31 ) Michael McDowell , Ford , vibration , 33 , 24.9 , 2 . 43 . ( 6 ) Paul Menard , Chevrolet , engine , 23 , 46.3 , 1 .
Race Statistics
Average Speed of Race Winner : 154.313 mph .
Time of Race : 2 hours , 36 minutes , 30 seconds .
Margin of Victory : 0.107 seconds .
Caution Flags : 6 for 27 laps .
Lead Changes : 18 among 11 drivers .
Lap Leaders : M.Kenseth 1 ; Ky. Busch 2 - 25 ; J.Yeley 26 ; Ky.Busch 27-30 ; J.Johnson 31 ; Ky.Busch 32 ; J.Johnson 33 -70 ; D.Gilliland 71 ; D.Ragan 72 ; D.Hamlin 73-92 ; J.McMurray 93-100 ; T. Kvapil 101 ; J.Wise 102 ; J.McMurray 103-104 ; J.Johnson 105-128 ; J.Yeley 129 ; J.Burton 130 ; J.Johnson 131-161 .
Leaders Summary ( Driver , Times Led , Laps Led ) : J.Johnson , 4 times for 94 laps ; Ky. Busch , 3 times for 29 laps ; D.Hamlin , 1 time for 20 laps ; J.McMurray , 2 times for 10 laps ; J.Yeley , 2 times for 2 laps ; D.Gilliland , 1 time for 1 lap ; J.Burton , 1 time for 1 lap ; T. Kvapil , 1 time for 1 lap ; D.Ragan , 1 time for 1 lap ; J.Wise , 1 time for 1 lap ; M.Kenseth , 1 time for 1 lap .
Top 12 in Points : 1 . J.Johnson , 658 ; 2 . C.Bowyer , 609 ; 3 . C.Edwards , 587 ; 4 . K. Harvick , 585 ; 5 . D.Earnhardt Jr. , 548 ; 6 . M.Kenseth , 540 ; 7 . Ky. Busch , 533 ; 8 . G.Biffle , 516 ; 9 . Ku.Busch , 501 ; 10 .
T.Stewart , 499 ; 11 .
M. Truex Jr. , 493 ; 12 . K.
Kahne , 490 .
Barack Obama restored protections for endangered species today in a roll - back of one of the most contentious last - minute rule changes of the George Bush era .
" For more than three decades , the Endangered Species Act has successfully protected our nation 's most threatened wildlife , and we should be looking for ways to improve it - not weaken it , " Obama said today .
The rule change , which was made final in mid-December last year , left it up to government agencies to decide on their own whether new dams , logging or mining operations posed a threat to endangered species or their habitat .
The rule also said that a project 's impact on climate change should no longer be a factor when taking into account its impact on wildlife .
The Bush - era changes amounted to rolling back the clock on 35 years of protocol .
Until the rule became final in December - about six weeks before Bush left the White House - it had been required to call on government biologists from the Fish and Wildlife Service or other agencies to deliver a threat assessment before giving the go - ahead to development .
Bush had argued such protections were a drag on the economy .
In announcing his decision on Tuesday , Obama said he saw no conflict between development and protecting endangered species .
" Throughout our history , there 's been a tension between those who 've sought to conserve our natural resources for the benefit of future generations , and those who have sought to profit from these resources , " he said .
" This is a false choice .
With smart , sustainable policies , we can grow our economy today and preserve the environment . "
The directive issued today short - circuits the lengthy process ordinarily required for changing government regulations .
It was welcomed by environmentalists , and criticised by businesss groups who said the protections were an obstacle to road - building and other projects that could help get the economy moving again .
" The Bush rules would have allowed agencies with little or no wildlife expertise to make decisions that could mean life or death for animals like the polar bear , " said Carl Pope , executive director of the Sierra Club , said in a statement .
" Our wildlife are clearly in much better hands now .
President Obama is bringing science back into decision - making . "
Congressman Nick Rahall , who leads the House natural resources committee , also voiced support : " I wholeheartedly support the president 's proposal to restore the protections for endangered species ...
I think we know who would have been the winner in this fox - guarding - the - hen - house scenario advanced by the Bush administration , and it would not be the hens . "
Some business groups said they were exploring the option of legal action against the Obama memo .
Obama has said repeatedly that he will let science drive his administration 's policies on the environment .
The memo is the latest in a series of moves by the White House to undo Bush 's legacy on the environment .
Obama has ordered the Environmental Protection Agency to review its refusal to allow California to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from cars .
The White House has also stopped a move that would have opened up land in natural parks - including Arches National Park in Utah - to oil and gas drilling .
The New York Times reported Cisco ’s plans in January .
Mr. Chambers said the rise of virtualization software has created the need for new types of server computers .
Virtualization software , made popular by VMware , lets businesses run more software applications on each physical server , helping them save on capital costs .
Image John Chambers , center , chief of Cisco , describing the new product via a videoconference .
Credit ...
MARKETWIRE
Virtualization also muddies the boundaries between servers , storage systems and networking equipment , which must now deal with more fluid virtual applications rather than dedicated software .
With its Unified Computing System , Cisco bundles server , storage and networking systems in a single product .
Cisco says it can run hundreds of virtual servers on a single machine .
Analysts said the product is the biggest strategic shift in the server market to occur in years .
“ This is definitely a transformative play , ” said James Staten , an analyst at Forrester Research , who attended the Cisco news conference .
“ This is war and a direct frontal assault on I.B.M. and H.P. ”
Analysts expect that the major server makers will release similar products soon .
While servers are far less profitable than networking equipment , Cisco has worked with software makers like VMware and BMC to sell software and hardware together in order to command some of the highest profit margins in the server industry .
Japanese scientists have unveiled a female humanoid walking robot at Tsukuba City , north east of Tokyo .
The robot , named HRP - 4C , has 30 motors in its body that allow it to walk and move its arms as well as eight motors on its face to create expressions like anger and surprise .
She will also make a special appearance in a Tokyo fashion show and will go on sale for around $ 200,000 ( £ 142,000 ) .
The good news on the government ’s “ No Banker Left Behind ” program is that , according to the special inspector general ’s report on Tuesday , the total handout to date is still less than 3 trillion dollars .
It ’s only $ 2.98 trillion , to be precise , an amount six times greater than will be spent by federal , state and local governments this year on educating the 50 million American children in elementary and secondary schools .
The bad news is that even greater amounts of money are to be thrown down what has to be the world record for rat holes .
Where did the money go ?
Almost all of it went to the bankers and stockbrokers who got us into this mess by insisting that the complex - by - design derivatives they trafficked in should not be regulated by government since they were private transactions between consenting professionals .
Sort of like a lap dance :
If it does n’t work out , that ’s the problem of the parties involved and no concern of the government .
For the government to intervene would have created “ legal uncertainty ” in the derivatives market , an argument that a Republican - dominated Congress and President Clinton bought in authorizing the Commodity Futures Modernization Act in December of 2000 .
That law brought “ legal certainty ” to the market , a phrase that Lawrence Summers , then Clinton ’s secretary of the treasury and now Barack Obama ’s top White House economics adviser , deployed incessantly as a calming mantra as the financial derivatives market swirled out of control .
Now Summers and the other finance gurus who move so easily from Wall Street to Pennsylvania Avenue assure us that those professionals who made the toxic swap deals are too big to fail and must be entrusted with 3 trillion of our dollars to save themselves from disaster .
And thanks to the laws they wrote , the bankers are likely to be covered for their socially destructive behavior by a get - out - of - jail - free card .
Well , maybe not all of them .
A shudder must have run through the former Wall Street buddies of Bernie Madoff — once the highly respected chairman of the Nasdaq stock exchange — when Inspector General Neil Barofsky warned on Tuesday that “ we are looking at the potential exposure of hundreds of billions of dollars in taxpayer money lost to fraud . ”
How naive .
The fraud no doubt has occurred and will occur again , but the exposure part is more questionable , if by that is meant bringing the criminals to account .
As opposed to welfare cheats who end up imprisoned over scams that involve hundreds of dollars , these guys have brilliant lawyers who tell them how to steal legally when it comes to billions in fraud .
But most likely the white - collar criminals , if they are high enough up the food chain , will not even be quizzed about their activities .
As the independent Congressional Oversight Panel has reported , there has been no serious accounting of the bailout money .
It took major pressure from a Congress reacting to an outraged public to discover that AIG , in addition to handing out hundreds of millions in bonuses to the very hustlers who created the firm ’s swindles , was a conduit for at least $ 70 billion in taxpayer money to reimburse the banks and stockbrokers who got us into this crisis with their bad bets .
No surprise there , given the incestuous world of finance , where the revolving doors between the Treasury Department , the Fed and executive offices in the industry have been swinging throughout both Republican and Democratic administrations .
As a result , those orchestrating the bailout and those grabbing the money are for the most part friends and former colleagues , with enormous respect for each other but not for the American taxpayer and homeowner .
Or for the autoworkers who had nothing to do with creating this problem but stand to lose their retiree health benefits and pensions if the Obama administration goes though with its threat to use bankruptcy to discharge GM and Chrysler from their obligations to their workers .
Why float a company like AIG to the tune of $ 170 billion to keep that massive conglomerate from bankruptcy but balk at a much smaller commitment to keep GM solvent ?
The money involved in the auto bailout is chump change compared with what Wall Street got , and it is far better spent .
As opposed to the financial high rollers richly rewarded for crawling in and out of balance sheets , the folks who crawl in and out of cars along an assembly line are left with permanent aching backs and hard - won health care and retirement plans about to disappear through their company ’s bankruptcy .
Where ’s their bonus package ?
Artist ’s conception shows a hypothetical twin Earth orbiting a Sun - like star .
Does a twin Earth exist somewhere in our galaxy ?
Astronomers are getting closer and closer to finding an Earth - sized planet in an Earth - like orbit .
NASA ’s Kepler spacecraft just launched to find such worlds .
Once the search succeeds , the next questions driving research will be : Is that planet habitable ?
Does it have an Earth - like atmosphere ?
Answering those questions will not be easy .
Due to its large mirror and location in outer space , the James Webb Space Telescope ( scheduled for launch in 2013 ) will offer astronomers the first real possibility of finding those answers .
In a new study , Lisa Kaltenegger ( Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ) and Wesley Traub ( Jet Propulsion Laboratory ) examined the ability of JWST to characterize the atmospheres of hypothetical Earth - like planets during a transit , when part of the light of the star gets filtered through the planet ’s atmosphere .
They found that JWST would be able to detect certain gases called biomarkers , such as ozone and methane , only for the closest Earth - size worlds .
“ We ’ll have to be really lucky to decipher an Earth - like planet ’s atmosphere during a transit event so that we can tell it is Earth - like , ” said Kaltenegger .
“ We will need to add up many transits to do so – hundreds of them , even for stars as close as 20 light - years away . ”
“ Even though it ’s hard , it will be an incredibly exciting endeavor to characterize a distant planet ’s atmosphere , ” she added .
In a transit event , a distant , extrasolar planet crosses in front of its star as seen from Earth .
As the planet transits , gases in its atmosphere absorb a tiny fraction of the star ’s light , leaving fingerprints specific to each gas .
By splitting the star ’s light into a rainbow of colors or spectrum , astronomers can look for those fingerprints .
Kaltenegger and Traub studied whether those fingerprints would be detectable by JWST .
Their study has been accepted for publication in The Astrophysical Journal and is available online .
The transit technique is very challenging .
If Earth were the size of a basketball , the atmosphere would be as thin as a sheet of paper , so the resulting signal is incredibly tiny .
Moreover , this method only works when the planet is in front of its star , and each transit lasts for a few hours at most .
Kaltenegger and Traub first considered an Earth - like world orbiting a Sun - like star .
To get a detectable signal from a single transit , the star and planet would have to be extremely close to Earth .
The only Sun - like star close enough is Alpha Centauri A .
No such world has been found yet , but technology is only now becoming capable of detecting Earth - sized worlds .
The study also considered planets orbiting red dwarf stars .
Such stars , called type M , are the most abundant in the Milky Way – far more common than yellow , type G stars like the Sun .
They are also cooler and dimmer than the Sun , as well as smaller , which makes finding an Earth - like planet transiting an M star easier .
An Earth - like world would have to orbit close to a red dwarf to be warm enough for liquid water .
As a result , the planet would orbit more quickly and each transit would last a couple of hours to mere minutes .
But it would undergo more transits in a given amount of time .
Astronomers could improve their chances of detecting the atmosphere by adding the signal from several transits , making red dwarf stars appealing targets because of their more frequent transits .
An Earth - like world orbiting a star like the Sun would undergo a 10 - hour transit once every year .
Accumulating 100 hours of transit observations would take 10 years .
In contrast , an Earth orbiting a mid-sized red dwarf star would undergo a one - hour transit once every 10 days .
Accumulating 100 hours of transit observations would take less than three years .
“ Nearby red dwarf stars offer the best possibility of detecting biomarkers in a transiting Earth ’s atmosphere , ” said Kaltenegger .
“ Ultimately , direct imaging – studying photons of light from the planet itself – may prove a more powerful method of characterizing the atmosphere of Earth - like worlds than the transit technique , ” said Traub .
Both NASA ’s Spitzer and Hubble Space Telescopes have studied the atmospheric compositions of extremely hot , gas - giant extrasolar planets .
The characterization of a “ pale blue dot ” is the next step from there , whether by adding up hundreds of transits of one planet or by blocking out the starlight and analyzing the planet ’s light directly .
In a best - case scenario , Alpha Centauri A may turn out to have a transiting Earth - like planet that no one has spotted yet .
Then , astronomers would need only a handful of transits to decipher that planet ’s atmosphere and possibly confirm the existence of the first twin Earth .
Via Physorg.com
Well hey -- it looks like Windows Mobile 6.5 will arrive a little earlier than expected .
A post on the WinMo team blog says that the update to Redmond 's smartphone platform will officially launch on May 11 , the first day of the Tech Ed conference .
We 're figuring that could mean we 'll see the gold build demoed for the very first time , seeing how the version showed off at the glamorous MWC launch was described as an " alpha " cut .
Of course , after that it 's all up to the carriers and handset manufacturers as to when we 'll actually see the OS loaded onto devices , but we 're sure the hacking community will find a way to satiate the impatient until then -- or until Windows Mobile 7 comes out [ Via Electronista
The countdown is over !
Here ’s the trailer !
[ flv ] http://static.capcom.com/mvc2/flv/mvc2_teaser.flv[/flv]
I ’m so glad this is being remixed into Xbox360 and PS3 .
Even though people wanted and expected Marvel VS Capcom 3 , we ca n’t say that we are n’t happy with the nostalgic MvC2 .
The trailer says that the game will be online for download this Summer and an exact date is not announed yet .
I ’m guessing around E3 time since it ’s a little over 1 month away .
But for now , Capcom , I will now accept that ride you are offering .
NEW DELHI — On Jan. 30 , 1948 , Nathuram Godse , a young , clean - cut Indian newspaper editor , left the waiting room at the Delhi railway station to attend the daily prayer meeting held by Mohandas K. Gandhi .
As the meeting began , the young man bowed reverently before the emaciated leader known universally as the Mahatma , or great soul , and known in India as the father of the nation .
Then Godse rose , produced a Beretta semi-automatic pistol , and shot Gandhi three times in the chest .
Today , as then , the ruthless assassination of a leader so firmly committed to nonviolence is so abhorrent , so repulsive , that it is tempting to dismiss its perpetrator as a deranged lunatic .
But the truth , as Indian political scientist Pratap Bhanu Mehta points out , is far more complicated .
And over the past six months , a series of unsettling revelations have suggested that while Gandhi 's ideology of nonviolence and tolerance may be fading , the ideology of violent Hindu nationalism that motivated Godse — though it goes by many names — remains as powerful as ever .
“ You can disagree with Godse very deeply and find what he did reprehensible , ” says Bhanu Mehta .
“ But I think as even some of the Gandhians have argued — like Ashis Nandy — there was a kind of internal integrity to what he was doing .
If you read his speech at his trial , it 's hard not to be in some senses fascinated by the internal integrity of the argument . ”
( Click here for a closer look at Gandhi 's legacy in India )
Godse remains a better foil for the Mahatma than his perennial adversaries like the low - caste leader B.R. Ambedkar or Pakistan - founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
Far from being an insane fanatic , Godse perceived that Gandhi 's fast unto death — the ultimate expression of passive resistance — was not nonviolence , but violence turned inward against the self .
Ambedkar and Jinnah had recognized this , too .
But Godse stands apart because he was able to respond in kind .
“ Many people thought that [ Gandhi's ] politics were irrational , ” Godse said before his execution .
“ But they had either to withdraw from the Congress or place their intelligence at his feet to do with as he liked . ”
No politician could afford to let Gandhi kill himself , but Godse understood that by murdering him he would martyr himself as well — achieving his own ends as ruthlessly and inexorably as the Mahatma .
“ I thought to myself and foresaw I shall be totally ruined , and the only thing I could expect from the people would be nothing but hatred ... if I were to kill Gandhiji , ” he observed .
“ But at the same time I felt that the Indian politics in the absence of Gandhiji would surely be proved practical , able to retaliate , and would be powerful with armed forces . ”
It is not a flattering mirror .
Godse 's assassination of Gandhi , which was traced back to Hindu nationalist groups including the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh — though the ties of evidence were not strong enough for criminal charges — sequestered these groups on the fringe of Indian politics for almost 30 years .
Eventually , though , the nationalist ideology that motivated Gandhi 's killer managed to work its way back into the mainstream .
In 2003 , the Bharatiya Janata Party even ventured to put a portrait of Veer Savarkar — who had been accused with Godse but never convicted of conspiracy — on display directly opposite Gandhi's in the hall of parliament , implying that the two are equal in status .
“ In [ Gandhi's ] lifetime , the Hindus had moved away from Savarkar toward Gandhi , ” explains historian Ramachandra Guha , author of " India After Gandhi . "
“ But posthumously many Hindus , such as those in the BJP and RSS , see merit in Savarkar 's more aggressive Hindutva . ”
Then perhaps India should not have been surprised when — shortly before the terrorist attacks on Mumbai — a bizarre Hindu terrorist cell emerged that was fascinated by Godse 's repugnant logic .
Following leads developed over two years , the elite police unit swept down on a previously unknown group of Hindu nationalist fanatics for allegedly planning and executing a series of terrorist strikes in Muslim neighborhoods throughout the country — which had previously been attributed to internecine rivalries among the faithful .
Among the accused were a retired army colonel , a Hindu nun and several self - styled gurus who'd hardly ventured outside the bastions of the lunatic nationalist fringe .
But the head of the organization that united them — a woman named Hemani Savarkar who was not charged in the police case — had a very well - known name indeed .
She was the daughter of Godse 's brother and was married to the nephew of Veer Savarkar — the Hindu nationalist who developed the fascism - inspired ideology of Hindutva , or Hinduness .
Even though Indian journalists have long been aware that Godse 's descendants gather each year in Pune on the anniversary of the assassin 's execution to commemorate his “ achievement , ” it was always believed that they were too absurd to matter .
Now the evidence suggests — though the court case is still pending — that they were very serious indeed .
According to the ATS ( Maharastra Anti-Terrorism Squad ) , they planted at least one bomb in Malegaon that killed six and injured 70 people in 2006 .
They may also have been involved in other terrorist attacks , the ATS says , such as the 2007 bombing of the Samjhauta Express “ friendship train ” linking India and Pakistan , which killed 68 people .
“ They 're all offshoots of the thing that Gandhi predicted , that deification of the nation state would have the consequence of communalism , ” says Bhanu Mehta .
Like any group of cloistered fanatics , the isolation of Godse 's descendants has given them the freakishness of the hopelessly inbred .
Consider the wisdom that Hemani Savarkar offered India 's Outlook magazine : “ Why ca n’t we have a blast for a blast ?
( The alleged Hindu nationalist terrorists ) are patriots who love their country .
But the government is now trying to declare them guilty to weaken the Hindus , ” she said .
“ We must declare ourselves a Hindu ( nation ) where everyone is a Hindu .
Anyone who is n’t should be declared a second - class citizen and denied voting rights .
Those who have problems with this should leave and settle in other countries . ”
Those are exactly the sentiments that Gandhi was killed for opposing .
But from the moment that his murderer was executed — despite Gandhi 's deep abhorrence for the death penalty — it was clear that his dream of nonviolence and religious tolerance would not come true .
Other recent stories by Jason Overdorf :
Beware the " killer Blueline "
Welcome to the ghost fair
There are many places you may have never heard of that serve as memento mori- a reminder that we are all mortal , and that not every culture buries their dead six feet underground .
Here are eight of them .
Underwater Graveyard
Neptune Memorial Reef , three miles off Key Biscayne , Florida offers a final resting place for those who love the sea .
Earthly remains are cremated , then mixed with cement and laid on the ocean floor with a memorial plaque .
The cemetery lies 14 meters below the surface .
Hanging Coffins
The limestone cliffs over Sagada in the Philippines seem like an unlikely place for burial .
In fact , many folks who died here were never buried , but are still in their coffins hanging from the cliff faces .
The oldest coffin identified has been there over a hundred years , although the custom of placing coffins inÂ barely accessible places in the cliffs goes back a couple thousand years .
Residents are more likely to be buried underground today .
The Fontanelle Cave Tombs
The Fontanelle Cemetery is located in underground caves in Naples , Italy .
The former rock quarries were first used for burials in 1656 as a response to the overwhelming numbers of deaths from the plague .
At times , up to 1,500 bodies were left per day !
No graves were dug , but bodies were dusted with lime and forgotten .
Centuries later , only bones remain .
In the 20th century , Italians returned to the caves determined to give respect to the remains by " adopting " a skull .
This is especially useful to widows whose husbands never returned from foreign wars in that they could mourn by proxy as they cared for another deceased , if nameless , person .
Closed since 1969 , the Fontanelle Cemetery has been restored and is now open to the public by reservation .
Colma Necropolis
When San Francisco passed an ordinance prohibiting any new cemeteries in 1900 , burials moved to the area around the small town of Colma , California .
In 1912 , San Francisco began relocating its existing cemeteries to Colma .
The town has 17 cemeteries for people and one for pets .
The dead outnumber the living by a thousand to one !
Colma has 1,500 residents and around 1.5 million graves .
Image by Gregory Melle .
The City of the Dead
Dargavs , North Ossetia has a collection of 95 stone constructions known as the City of the Dead .
Some are underground , other are above ground , and still others are a little of both .
The buildings serve as mausoleums , with a building for each family .
Some still contain remains of the dead .
Very little is known of necropolis ' origin , but it dates back at several centuries .
Image by Dziadek Mroz .
The Skulls of St. Sebastian
St. Sebastian 's Cemetery in Salzburg is the final resting place of some of Austria 's biggest celebrities .
Theophrastus Paracelsu , the " father of modern medicine " is interred at St. Sebastian , as well as Mozart 's wife and father , and the controversial Archbishop Wolf Dietrich .
St. Sebastian's , established in 1502 , is adorned with skull motifs in every corner .
Burials ceased in 1888 .
The cemetery is now open to the public daily .
Image by Curious Expeditions .
Sedlec Ossuary
Sedlec Chapel near KutnÃ¡ Hora , Czech Republic has been a burial ground for nearly 900 years .
In that time , thousands of bodies were laid to rest due to plague , war , and natural causes .
Because there is not enough space for a grave for each one , the bones of earlier burials were dug up to make room for more .
The Sedlec bone chapel , or ossuary , holds the remains of about 40,000 people .
The bones were incorporated into the chapel as art and furnishings by FrantiÅ¡ek Rint in 1870 .
See a 1976 documentary tour of the chapel .
Image by Curious Expeditions .
Capuchin Catacombs
The Capuchin Catacombs in Palermo , Italy are home to thousands of mummies on display .
Embalmed corpses interred in the catacombs remained preserved better than other burial sites .
This may be due to the particular pride Sicilian embalmers take in their art .
Many of the corpses are arranged in tableaux that resemble scenes from life .
Others are standing up in groups , as if posing for a picture .
One of the more famous corpses in the Palermo catacombs is Rosalia Lombardo , who died in 1920 at age two , but whose body has not decomposed .
The Capuchin Catacombs are open daily to the public .
See also : Destination Cemeteries .
Looking for smart gift ideas ?
In search of a new quirky t- shirt ?
Head over to the mental_floss store .
" Brashear delivered a shoulder hit to an unsuspecting player .
It is also my opinion that the hit was delivered late and targeted the head of his opponent , causing significant injury . "
-- Colin Campbell
-- Washington forward Donald Brashear has been suspended for six games by the National Hockey League and will miss Tuesday 's Game 7 of the Capitals ' Eastern Conference Quarterfinal round series against the New York Rangers ( 7 p.m. ET , VERSUS , TSN , RDS ) for his action both prior to , and during , Sunday 's Game 6 .
Brashear was suspended one game for initiating contact with Rangers forward Colton Orr during the pre-game warm - up .
Brashear was suspended for five additional games for a blind - side hit on New York forward Blair Betts at 9:54 of the first period .
" Brashear delivered a shoulder hit to an unsuspecting player , " NHL Senior Executive Vice President of Hockey Operations Colin Campbell said .
" It is also my opinion that the hit was delivered late and targeted the head of his opponent , causing significant injury .
" Brashear 's suspension will be served beginning tomorrow night when the Capitals meet the Rangers in Game 7 of the series .
The suspension will extend through the Capitals ' next five 2009 playoff games , the 2009 - 10 regular season , or both , as circumstances warrant .
Brashear has played in the last four games against the Rangers .
His suspension could pave the way for Capitals ' captain Chris Clark to join the lineup for the first time since Jan. 27 at Boston .
He has been out since after having wrist surgery .
Clark announced prior to Game 1 that team doctors cleared him to play , but coach Bruce Boudreau has yet to insert him into the lineup .
Clark said Monday that Boudreau told him to " be ready , " but that 's what he has been telling him before every game of the series .
"
It means the same thing it 's always meant , " Clark said .
" If somebody got hurt , I would be in .
I have been waiting for this chance .
" Boudreau was non-committal about who would play for Brashear , either Clark or Michael Nylander , who has been a healthy scratch for the last four games .
"
We 've got a lot of players , " Boudreau said .
" Donald is a big part of our team , but so is Michael Nylander and Chris Clark and they have n't had a chance to play .
We 've said all year that if someone is not playing someone has to come in and do just as good a job .
" Since it is Brashear leaving the lineup , it would seem appropriate for Boudreau turn to Clark , who plays with a little more of a physical edge to his game than the slick passing Nylander .
" Clarkie is a feisty guy so maybe he 'll get in there and fill ( Brashear 's ) spot , " Capitals defenseman Mike Green said .
To a man , the Caps do think losing Brashear does hurt their team even though he is averaging only 3:25 of ice time and less than seven shifts per game .
" He 's a big part of our team , for sure , " Alex Ovechkin said of Brashear .
" He 's a big guy in our locker room . " " He obviously has a presence on the ice and makes guys look behind them whenever he's out there , " Green said .
" Not only that , but in the dressing room he 's great helping us out .
We 're all going to have to step up our game and be a little more physical because we 're missing that key component with him out . "
“ We can not waste time .
We can only waste ourselves . “
– George Matthew Adams
When you first sit down at your computer and open up your web browser , what do you see ?
Your inbox ?
Facebook ?
Youtube ?
I used to have my email inbox set as my homepage , but through tracking my time with a time log , I discovered that I was wasting too much time at my computer .
What it really came down to was a lack of concentration and focus .
I ’ve since become more directed in the time I spend online , here are five strategies you can use to improve your concentration online .
# 1 Track Your Productivity
You ’ve heard it before : “ what gets measured gets managed . ”
If you track your productivity at your computer , you might be surprised at what you find .
In an 8 hour day , how much time do you spend ….. on email ?
Mindless chatting ?
Browsing websites ?
I recommend you use RescueTime ’s free time tracking software .
You can then review their reports and see all kinds of interesting things – even what times of day you tend to be less productive .
Which leads me into my next point …
# 2 Never “ Just Browse ” To Start
One pattern I ’ve noticed is many people have tendencies – right after school , right after work , or coming home from dinner … where they power on their computers or tablets and just browse .
Do n’t do that .
Do n’t do it just to unwind , or just to see what ’s new .
Always begin with purpose .
Break the habit – you do n’t have to always be productive , but at least be aware and do n’t let the time waste away .
# 3 Power Down
When I ’m trying to focus on a task , I turn off all extraneous devices – my cell phones , tablet , TV .
Pick the one electronic device that needs your focus – and use that to complete your task .
I go a step further and lock my computer everytime I get up .
I do n’t take my breaks at my computer : I separate my work space from my leisure space .
When I return , I do n’t turn my monitor back on until I ’m mentally refreshed .
If you have to turn your computer back on “ just ” to mindlessly web browse , you ’re much less likely to do it .
# 4 Close Your Browser
Similar to the previous item , stop leaving your web browser open when you ’re trying to work .
They say the easiest way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it – and that is exactly what most people do .
Remove your temptation by closing the web browser , so that if you do want to browse websites , you have to make the conscious decision to open it .
# 5 Take A Break
Research as well as personal experience has shown that taking breaks can improve your effectiveness .
I recommend a break every 20 - 30 minutes , and definitely no less than once an hour
Just getting up and stretching a couple times an hour can be enough to recenter you and focus .
Personally , I like to do simple yoga stretches or take a quick walk .
# 6 Bonus : My Start Pages
One secret I ’ve learned over the years is the way you begin an activity really sets the tone for your performance throughout the day .
So , to be your best – you need to make sure you begin effectively when you first sit down to work .
For that , I recommend focusing with a start page .
Why A Start Page ?
The purpose of a start page is to ensure the time you spend online follows the same priorities you have in the rest of your life .
If you need help setting priorities … I cover that in The Action Solution
Here ’s the full list of inspirational and motivational start pages .
Set one as your homepage and review it at least once a day
Value Your Time – A reminder to value every moment .
Be Grateful – We all have so many gifts and wonderful things in our lives , and some days I need to be reminded to be grateful for all I have .
Beat Procrastination With Action –
Act now to accomplish what you want .
Motivation And Persistence – Persist .
You will succeed .
Make The Most Of Your Time
[ digg - reddit - me ] I ’ve gotten a bit of feedback / blowback about having simplified what went on the in 1980s that led to the indisputable higher levels of income disparity , the concentration of wealth , the decimation of manufacturing , and the rise of finance .
This was n’t about Ronald Reagan and his neoliberal policies – it is claimed – but about basic economic forces .
I tried to take that into account by pointing out that Reagan was only accelerating the trends that started in the 1970s – but let me go further now .
Another major factor that aided these trends was not entirely within Reagan ’s control .
As John Judis explained in The New Republic , in the 1980s :
… Japan was threatened by a cheaper dollar .
To keep exports high , Japan intentionally held down the yen ’s value by carefully controlling the disposition of the dollars it reaped from its trade surplus with the United States .
Instead of using these to purchase goods or to invest in the Japanese economy or to exchange for yen , it began to recycle them back to the United States by purchasing companies , real estate , and , above all , Treasury debt …
With Japan ’s purchases , the United States would not have to keep interest rates high in order to attract buyers to Treasury securities , and it would n’t have to raise taxes in order to reduce the deficit … [ That ] informal bargain … became the cornerstone of a new international economic arrangement …
Judis goes on to explain how this arrangement evolved through the 1990s :
Asian countries , led by China , adopted a version of Japan ’s strategy for export - led growth …
They maintained trade surpluses with the United States ; and , instead of exchanging their dollars for their own currencies or investing them internally , they , like the Japanese , recycled them into T - bills and other dollar - denominated assets .
This kept the value of their currencies low in relation to the dollar and perpetuated the trade surplus by which they acquired the dollars in the first place …
Until recently , there have been clear upsides to this bargain for the United States : the avoidance of tax increases , growing wealth at the top of the income ladder , and preservation of the dollar as the international currency …
[ The current financial system ] is sustained by specific national policies .
The United States has acquiesced in large trade deficits – and their effect on the U.S. workforce – in exchange for foreign funding of our budget deficits .
And Asia has accepted a lower standard of living in exchange for export - led growth and a lower risk of currency crises .
This financial arrangment was not created by Ronald Reagan – but he did acquiese to it – and spent America into a level of indebtedness it had not been in since World War II .
This arrangment would not be consistent with a ideological neoliberalism that was discussed before – but this arrangment , most importantly , did benefit many of those who were vocal proponents of neoliberalism .
The revolutions of the 1980s then , was not merely the result of a political movement within America – not anymore than the revolutions of the 1960s were .
There were international factors that helped along both domestic movements .
The combination of this special relationship with Japan – and later China and other Asian countries – with the neoliberal revolution of Ronald Reagan – led to a concentration of wealth and power within a small class of people rarely seen in a developed country .
As Paul Krugman observed :
It ’s important to know that no other advanced economy has seen a comparable surge in inequality – even the rising inequality of Thatcherite Britain was a faint echo of trends here .
Combined with the neoliberal principle , as described by Stanley Fish , that “ Short - term transactions - for - profit [ are better than ] long - term planning designed to produce a more just and equitable society , ” it becomes more clear how we ended up in this enormous financial mess .
Take away the regulations ; encourage short - term profits ; reduce taxes ; trim the social safety net ; “ starve the beast ” by spending without taxing ; and then supercharge the economy with constant stimulus spending ( which is what “ starve the beast ” is ) and easy debt from China and Japan .
What you get from this is not only a revolution that undermines the American way of life in the mid-term – as wealth is concentrated and middle class and manufacturing jobs dry up – but an unsustainable economy that is going to collapse , and collapse hard .
In other words , you get what we have now .
Today , we are reaping the effects of the generational bargain at the heart of the Reagan presidency .
Like Loading ...
Buzz Lightyear uses a toy to plan a daring rescue of his pal Woody in Disney / Pixar 's new computer animated comedy adventure film " Toy Story 2 . " REUTERS /HO
Old
LAS VEGAS ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Walt Disney Studios will release Pixar Animation Studios ’ “ Toy Story ” and “ Toy Story 2 ” as a digital 3 - D double feature for a two - week engagement starting October 2 .
On Tuesday at ShoWest , the film exhibition industry ’s conference , the studio also presented a preview of “ Up ” -- which looks poised to be another big hit for Pixar on the heels of its Oscar for “ WALL - E ” -- and an enthusiastically received new 3 - D conversion of 1991 classic “ Beauty and the Beast , ” the only animated feature to receive an Academy Award nomination for best picture .
The 3 - D “ Toy Story ” double feature will include an extra-dimensional trailer for the new “ Toy Story 3 , ” which opens June 18 , 2010 .
The 1995 “ Toy Story ” -- the first computer - animated feature -- and its 1999 sequel have been remastered for the format .
Opening May 29 , “ Up ” is Pixar ’s 10th animated feature and the first to be released in 3 - D. Director Pete Docter introduced a 47 - minute preview of the film , which features elderly Carl Fredricksen , voiced by Ed Asner , who ties thousands of helium balloons to his house in order to lift it into the air and journey to South America for retirement .
What he does n’t anticipate is that a young Wilderness Explorer named Russell ends up on the trip .
During the presentation , Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures Group president Mark Zoradi revealed that Tim Burton ’s “ Alice in Wonderland , ” starring Johnny Depp and Anne Hathaway , will be released in Imax 3 - D , as well as standard digital 3 - D , when it opens in March 2010 .
It ’s the third film from a previously announced five - picture deal between Disney and Imax .
Burton ’s retelling of the Disney classic will combine motion capture , live action and animation .
As has been widely reported , the economic crisis has stalled the exhibition industry ’s transition to digital cinema , which enables 3 - D screenings .
But Zoradi said that scenario has not altered his company ’s plans to produce movies in the format .
“ We are nearly at a critical mass , ” he said .
“ We hope we soon will be able to have a 3 - D - only ( wide ) release . ”
Despite producing two low - rent websites of extremely questionable taste , I actually make a living spitting ink for other people .
Some of whom even exhibit , like , moral fiber and stuff .
If you need an entertaining and / or controversial copywriter , comedy writer , or technical writer with a proven ability to sequester and stun thousands of eyeballs , I 'm always interested in hearing about your project .
I will also entertain any inquiries regarding WWHM and PLFM .
Please feel free to contact me at weaselworden@yahoo.com
EXCLUSIVE , UPDATED :
An investigation that has “ basically come to a dead end ” led the FBI to add the first domestic - terror suspect to the bureau ’s list of Most Wanted Terrorists .
Daniel Andreas San Diego , a 31 - year - old animal rights activist , is under indictment for the 2003 bombings of two San Francisco Bay Area companies linked to an animal - testing laboratory .
“ Basically , we have no idea where he is , ” Michael Heimbach , assistant director of the bureau ’s counterterrorism division , said during a news conference Tuesday announcing the addition .
“ The leads on him have gone stale . ”
The FBI hoping to find San Diego with the help of the publicity generated by adding him to the list , which also features such notorious international terrorists as Osama bin Laden , Ayman al - Zawahri and Adam Gadahn , the American - born al Qaeda spokesman .
Before the addition of San Diego , the list , created in the wake of Sept. 11 , had previously included only Islamist terrorists .
The bureau also announced an award of up to $ 250,000 for information leading to the arrest of San Diego .
“ All of the people listed on the FBI ’s Most Wanted Terrorist List are a danger to the U.S. and need to be caught , ” Special Agent Richard Kolko said said .
The announcement was made nearly a week after The Washington Times reported on a Homeland Security Department assessment warning that war veterans could be susceptible to recruitment into “ right - wing extremism . ”
The report unleashed a firestorm of controversy and led to an apology to veterans from Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
Mr. Heimbach said animal rights and environmental extermists like San Diego have collectively committed more than 1,800 crimes and caused more than $ 110 million .
He said the FBI is currently investigating about 170 incidents of animal rights or environmental extremism .
Authorities such attacks typically target property , but say that is what may set San Diego apart .
They say San Diego planted two bombs during one of the attacks ; the second set to detonate after the first .
“ It is possible that this device was planted to target first responders , ” Mr. Heimbach said .
No one was killed or injured in either early - morning attack , but the explosions damaged both buildings .
Authorities say San Diego planted bombs at the corporate offices of two biotechnology companies , Chiron Life Sciences Center in Emeryville , Calif. , and Shaklee Corp. in Pleasanton , Calif .
Authorities say San Diego targeted those businesses because of their links to Huntingdon Life Sciences ( HLS ) , an international laboratory that conducts testing on animals , including trials of medicine , food and chemicals to determine whether they are safe for humans .
HLS is a frequent target of animal rights activists and radicals , who accuse it of conducting unnecessary and cruel experiments .
For example , the activists say , HLS employees have punched beagle puppies in their faces .
After the second bombing , in which the pipe bomb was loaded with nails , authorities received a claim of responsibility from the previously unknown Revolutionary Cells - Animal Liberation Brigade .
“ We gave all of the customers the chance , the choice , to withdraw their business from HLS , ” according to an anonymous communique released after the attack .
“ Now you will all reap what you have sown .
All customers and their families are considered legitimate targets . ”
A federal arrest warrant was issued for San Diego in October 2003 that charged him with using explosives to maliciously damage and destroy buildings and other property .
A grand jury indicted him on those charges in 2004 .
He has remained a fugitive since then .
“ The FBI has worked extensively with local , state , foreign law enforcement agencies , including authorities in Germany , United Kingdom , Costa Rica , France , Spain , Denmark , Austria , Italy , the Czech Republic , Mexico , Argentina , the Philippines and Chile , ” Mr. Heimbach said .
“ San Diego is reported to have ties to the San Francisco , California and Germany .
He may be living outside , possibly in Costa Rica . ”
According to the FBI , San Diego is a strict vegan , meaning he eats no meat or food containing animal products .
He is also known to carry a 9 mm handgun .
San Diego also has distinctive tattoos , according to the FBI .
On his chest , the words “ It Only Takes a Spark ” are tattooed below an image of burning hillsides and plains .
Along his waistline , according to the FBI , is a tattooed a series of collapsing and burning buldings that ends with a single , leafless tree .
The case has been featured five times on the television program “ America ’s Most Wanted . ”
According to the program , San Diego became involved with animal rights radicals in the late 1980s .
He wore a jacket at one time printed with the phrase , “ Vegan Death Crew . ”
• Audrey Hudson contributed to this report
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Steve Rosenberg
BBC News , St Poelten , Austria
Mr Fritzl faces charges including rape , incest , and murder
The crimes of which he is accused are almost incomprehensible .
And so is the ease with which he is alleged to have committed them .
Police say Josef Fritzl imprisoned one of his own daughters in the cellar of their family home for 24 years , and that , in this cramped network of cells , he sexually abused her and fathered seven children with her .
They say he kept three of those children , too , locked underground .
Now , nearly a year after his arrest , Josef Fritzl is standing trial in the town of St Poelten .
This is where he has been under " investigative custody " since his arrest .
His journey to court will be brief - the prison is connected to the courthouse .
Murder charge Mr Fritzl 's alleged crimes spanned nearly a quarter of a century .
His trial is expected to last no more than a week .
Among the charges he faces are rape , incest , coercion , enslavement and deprivation of liberty .
The most serious charge is murder .
It really bothers me when people think Amstetten is a bad place because of Fritzl
Unnamed female resident of Josef Fritzl 's home town Prosecutors say one of the children Mr Fritzl fathered with his daughter in the cellar fell sick shortly after birth and died .
The 73 - year - old Austrian stands accused of murder by neglect .
If convicted , he could face life imprisonment .
The daughter at the centre of the case will not be in court but a video recording of her testimony will be played to the eight - member jury .
Mr Fritzl 's lawyer has already said his client will contest the murder charge and question whether the " enslavement " charge is appropriate .
Media interest in the case is immense .
Opposite the courthouse there is a sea of TV satellite trucks and live camera positions .
The local authorities have also put up a special press tent , where journalists will be kept informed of the proceedings .
Some reporters will be allowed to witness the opening of the trial and the verdict .
But the rest of the trial will be held behind closed doors .
Unwanted attraction Sixty kilometres ( 37 miles ) away from the courthouse lies the town of Amstetten .
This is where Josef Fritzl led his double life - one family upstairs , and one secret family down below .
The media are out in force
The now empty Fritzl house has become an unwanted tourist attraction , drawing visitors like a magnet .
The building is all locked up .
But people take pictures of the " House of Horrors " on their mobile phones .
Television crews compete to find new angles of one of the world 's most infamous houses .
The people of Amstetten are embarrassed and annoyed .
" It really bothers me when people think Amstetten is a bad place because of Fritzl , " one woman tells me .
" I 've seen cars with Amstetten number plates being refused petrol at some gas stations outside town - just because of this town 's reputation . "
" There are black sheep everywhere , " one man complains .
" Not just in our town .
Not just in Austria .
But all over the world . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Part 1
Rachel Maddow talks to former State Department lawyer under Condoleeza Rice , Philip Zelikow who says that the Bush administration attempted to destroy all copies of an alternative memo on interrogation techniques he wrote in 2005 .
From Philip Zelikow 's blog at Foreign Policy magazine The OLC " torture memos " : thoughts from a dissenter :
The underlying absurdity of the administration 's position can be summarized this way .
Once you get to a substantive compliance analysis for " cruel , inhuman , and degrading " you get the position that the substantive standard is the same as it is in analogous U.S. constitutional law .
So the OLC must argue , in effect , that the methods and the conditions of confinement in the CIA program could constitutionally be inflicted on American citizens in a county jail .
At the time , in 2005 , I circulated an opposing view of the legal reasoning .
My bureaucratic position , as counselor to the secretary of state , did n't entitle me to offer a legal opinion .
But I felt obliged to put an alternative view in front of my colleagues at other agencies , warning them that other lawyers ( and judges ) might find the OLC views unsustainable .
My colleagues were entitled to ignore my views .
They did more than that : The White House attempted to collect and destroy all copies of my memo .
I expect that one or two are still at least in the State Department 's archives .
Part two below the fold .
Part 2
Full transcript :
MADDOW : So you first saw these Office of Legal Counsel memos in 2005 .
What was your reaction to the legal reasoning in those memos ?
ZELIKOW : Many years earlier when I had been a law student and had been a practicing lawyer , I had worked , actually , on issues of treatment of prisoners and that whole body of constitutional law .
So when I saw the memoranda , I was struck by the fact that , even aside from the policy problems , the legal reasoning seemed deeply unsound to me , and I was n't sure that the president and his advisers understood just how potentially questionable and unreasonable many lawyers and judges would find this reasoning .
And so , I thought it was important to just say , hey , there is another view here of this law , and a lot of people would regard the views in these memos as , to say the least , outliers .
MADDOW : So when you say that judges might see it , you suggest judges are one of the audiences that might not be persuaded by the reasoning in these memos , were you thinking ahead to the purpose for which these memos were drafted , which is essentially -- I mean , it 's hard for those of us outside of government sometimes to understand what an OLC -- what the purpose of an OLC memo is , but essentially to provide a defense in case people were accused of acting illegally in ways that were described in those memos ?
Is that what you were thinking of ?
ZELIKOW : Yes .
Rachel , perhaps just a little bit of background , to put this in context for your viewers .
America has fought a number of wars in our history , including against unconventional enemies .
This was an interrogation program , however , for which there is no precedent in the history of the United States .
We 've never done a program like this before .
So where the administration is moving into uncharted waters , they are clearly doing things that folks know are legally questionable .
That is why these opinions were requested , because there were questions about whether this sort of conduct was lawful , since it was unprecedented .
So here the Justice Department is coming down and saying , look , this is a murky area of the law , but here 's what we think you 're allowed to do .
Now , whether it is a good idea to do it is another question .
Whether it is moral is another question .
The question before them was , is it lawful to do this ?
And the Justice Department has the job of giving authoritative guidance for the executive branch on how the U.S. law should be interpreted in the conduct of our actions .
MADDOW : And the memo that you wrote , the document that you wrote that you 've described today at the Web site of " Foreign Policy " magazine essentially said that they got it wrong when they described what you are allowed to do under U.S. law , that their reasoning was flawed .
It did n't take account of the relevant case law , for example , that they should have called on to prove their point .
Is that accurate ?
ZELIKOW : Yes .
That 's accurate .
Now , look , I 'm just one point of view .
I looked at their point of view , and it did n't strike me as a mainstream or reasonable way of construing the relevant standards of treatment , of the definition of terms like cruel , inhuman or degrading .
They were using an interpretation of how to comply with that standard that I did n't think any judges or lawyers outside of the administration would find plausible , and I was n't sure other folks realized just how implausible it was .
So -- now , of course , I 'm just offering my opinion .
Now , I was there as part of a team representing the State Department , acting as an agent of Secretary Rice , who had grave concerns about all of this .
But others in the administration were perfectly entitled to say , no , we looked at the law , and we have the Justice Department .
They know a lot more about this than you do .
But look , they were entitled to hear an alternative point of view and figure out whether or not they wanted to re-evaluate their opinion .
MADDOW : Rather than just disagreeing with you or saying that they thought that you were wrong and the Office of Legal Counsel memos that you were rebutting were correct , why do you think they tried to destroy every copy of the memo that they knew existed ?
And how did you find out that they did try to destroy copies of the memo ?
ZELIKOW : Well , I found out because I was told .
I mean , we 're trying to collect these and destroy them , and you have a copy , do n't you ?
But I -- the -- I know copies that were retained in my building , and as I mentioned , Secretary Rice understood what I was doing on her behalf .
I was her agent in these matters .
And the -- so I think copies still exist .
Why would they destroy them ?
That 's a question they 'll have to answer .
Obviously , if you want to eliminate records because you do n't want people to be able to find them .
MADDOW : Am I right in thinking that they would want to erase any evidence of the existence of a dissenting view within the administration because it would undercut the legal authority of the advice in those memos , the advice that those techniques would be legal ?
ZELIKOW : That is what I thought at the time .
I had the same reaction you did .
But I do n't know why they wanted to do it .
MADDOW : And speaking about accountability for official actions here , it seems to me that the authors of the OLC memos may find themselves in some trouble , either professionally or I guess potentially criminally , if they wrote opinions to order , if they came up with legal reasoning to support a preordained conclusion .
It also seems the government officials could find themselves in trouble if they knowingly used these memos as a tool to get a policy implemented , to do things that they knew to be illegal .
Could the existence of your dissenting memo be evidence that government officials did know that these things that they were authorizing really were at least possibly illegal ?
ZELIKOW : All it shows is that they were presented with an argument that says your interpretation of the law appears to this one fellow to be unsound .
Now , of course , lawyers disagree all the time about how to interpret the law , and it's now up to our institutions and the Justice Department to sort out whether or not their rejection of these views was just another disagreement among people interpreting tough law , or was something more than that .
The Justice Department is already looking into how these lawyers did their job .
I 'm happy to wait and read their report and find out what they 've learned .
MADDOW : I have to ask , given your description of how you felt about these memos and the actions that you took , some of the other reporting that other people have said about you , in terms of your role in the administration at this time , I have to ask if you ever contemplated resigning over this issue if you felt quite strongly about it ?
ZELIKOW : No .
You have to understand , this is a battle that had been going on for months beforehand and went on for months afterwards .
This is chapter nine of 32 chapters .
And , actually , by the end of 2005 and on into 2006 , we were achieving major changes .
And we were achieving major changes in what the standards would be that would govern what we were doing , major changes in what the CIA was actually doing in the sites , and important changes in the way we were beginning to talk to our allies about these problems , and move towards bringing these people out of the black sites and into the light , where they would see lawyers , the Red Cross , all of that .
That 's a decision that we achieved in 2006 , that was made by President Bush in 2006 .
So we were in the process of working this from the inside while people like Senator McCain were doing really important work on this issue on Capitol Hill .
Supreme Court delivered a very important opinion on this , Hamdan versus Rumsfeld , during 2006 .
So we were a part of a combination of forces that was trying to move our government in a different direction , to turn the page and get this moving in a healthier direction .
And I think we began turning that corner in 2006 .
MADDOW : I feel like I 'm starting to understand your reasoning and the way that you approached this , just from talking to you now , from what I know about your actions .
But there is still one thing that still does n't -- just does n't resonate for me .
And that is in 2005 , when you found out that this memo that you wrote , which said this Office of Legal Counsel attempt to say that things like hanging people from ceilings and sleep deprivation and these other things is illegal , it 's wrongly reasoned , there 's them saying this is legal under U.S. law is an inappropriate legal understanding .
It is an inappropriate understanding of U.S. law .
When you found out that they were collecting your memo with that criticism in it and destroying it so there would be no evidence of it , at a time when you knew that they were going to carry out those techniques , which you must have believed were not legal , since you had seen the legal rationalization for it , it is hard for me to believe that you would not think about resigning or blowing the whistle or saying publicly what was going on at that time ?
ZELIKOW : It was my job to fight this with every ounce of energy at my disposal , using the legal means in front of me .
Frankly , that 's the same way they should have approached their job , is work within the institutions you 've got , the institutions our country gives you .
They were n't committing an act of obstruction of justice by trying to destroy copies of the memos , and they did not succeed in destroying copies -- all the copies of these memos .
Just because they disagree with an alternative view does n't mean that my view was right , but it was important to register the fact that , hey , folks need to understand , if they did n't already , a lot of lawyers might believe that this is a radical , indefensible , unreasonable interpretation of the relevant law .
They heard that argument .
They chose to move on .
We continued the fight to change the policy .
And ultimately did change the policy , with help from Congress and the courts .
MADDOW : One last question for you .
If members of the National Security Council principles committee or deputies committee did say thumbs up to specific techniques like waterboarding or like hanging people from the ceiling that were mentioned in those Office of Legal Counsel memos , and they said thumbs up to that on the basis of there being legal authorization in those memos , do you think those officials committed a crime when they OK 'ed it ?
ZELIKOW : I 'm going to obey the same advice I would give to President Obama , which is when people argue that crimes have been committed , our country has institutions to sort this out .
One of those institutions is the Department of Justice and the attorney general .
President Obama ran on the platform that we are going to depoliticize the Department of Justice .
Well , let 's do that .
Let 's refer all those questions to the Department of Justice .
If you have a question about whether these people will be prosecuted , the Department of Justice is looking into the matter .
The attorney general is looking into the matter .
They will sort this out the way they sort out other allegations of crime .
And let 's just see where it goes .
And that 's my approach , too , is I 'm not going to rush to judgment , I 'm not going to prejudge or politicize the issue .
It 's important folks understand there is another point of view and was another point of view on some of these matters .
Now let our institutions do their job .
MADDOW : Philip Zelikow , former State Department counselor , deputy for Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , thank you so much for coming on the show .
It 's invaluable to have your perspective and to hear how things went from your point of view in the administration .
Thank you , sir .
ZELIKOW : Thank you .
Prayer Upon Arising .
Psalm 5 may added .
I bind unto myself today
The strong Name of the Trinity ,
By invocation of the same ,
The Three in One and One in Three .
I bind this day to me for ever .
By power of faith , Christ 's incarnation ;
His baptism in the Jordan river ;
His death on Cross for my salvation ;
His bursting from the spicèd tomb ;
His riding up the heavenly way ;
His coming at the day of doom ; *
I bind unto myself today .
I bind unto myself the power
Of the great love of the cherubim ;
The sweet ' well done ' in judgment hour ,
The service of the seraphim ,
Confessors ' faith , Apostles ' word ,
The Patriarchs ' prayers , the Prophets ' scrolls ,
All good deeds done unto the Lord ,
And purity of virgin souls .
I bind unto myself today
The virtues of the starlit heaven ,
The glorious sun 's life - giving ray ,
The whiteness of the moon at even ,
The flashing of the lightning free ,
The whirling wind 's tempestuous shocks ,
The stable earth , the deep salt sea ,
Around the old eternal rocks .
I bind unto myself today
The power of God to hold and lead ,
His eye to watch , His might to stay ,
His ear to hearken to my need .
The wisdom of my God to teach ,
His hand to guide , His shield to ward ,
The word of God to give me speech ,
His heavenly host to be my guard .
A gainst the demon snares of sin ,
The vice that gives temptation force ,
The natural lusts that war within ,
The hostile men that mar my course ;
Or few or many , far or nigh ,
In every place and in all hours ,
Against their fierce hostility ,
I bind to me these holy powers .
A gainst all Satan 's spells and wiles ,
Against false words of heresy ,
Against the knowledge that defiles ,
Against the heart 's idolatry ,
Against the wizard 's evil craft ,
Against the death wound and the burning ,
The choking wave and the poisoned shaft ,
Protect me , Christ , till Thy returning .
C hrist be with me , Christ within me ,
Christ behind me , Christ before me ,
Christ beside me , Christ to win me ,
Christ to comfort and restore me .
Christ beneath me , Christ above me ,
Christ in quiet , Christ in danger ,
Christ in hearts of all that love me ,
Christ in mouth of friend and stranger .
I bind unto myself the Name ,
The strong Name of the Trinity ;
By invocation of the same .
The Three in One , and One in Three ,
Of Whom all nature hath creation ,
Eternal Father , Spirit , Word :
Praise to the Lord of my salvation ,
Salvation is of Christ the Lord .
A bit of a background before I begin this post .
Ankit Fadia is zis guy , an alumnus of Delhi Public School R K Puram , who claims he ’s this hotshot hacker , over whom ‘ certain undisclosed security agencies in the USA ’ always call using the Bat - signal whenever Osama bin Laden sends an email ordering Viagra .
This , from a guy who ’s never written a single hacking tool or algorithm of his .
So when I came to know that Career Launcher , of all places , was gonna start an ‘ Ankit Fadia Certified Ethical Hacking Course ‘ and was holding a seminar at Karnataka House ( a stone ’s throw away from my home ) , I could n’t resist meeting the moron .
I might add , I have read some of his books .
To the normal guy , he ’ll be ultra- impressed ; for the discerning reader , he ’s a whore bore .
There ’s this book of his , where he actually gave the STEPS to view the source code of a bloody HTML page , and then proceeded to fill some THREE pages with the HTML source of Yahoo ! ’s home page .
That , was touche in the long line of idiotic stuff .
I do n’t even WANT to start off discussing stuff like filling pages after pages on the ‘ ping of death ’ , an issue which is practically obsolete in modern operating systems .
Anyway , I turn up at the venue ( it has a nice restaurant there too , BTW , maybe I ’ll write about it some other day ) ; to find nobody to guide people around .
Mystified , I found my way around and made it to the auditorium .
Surprised to find it almost packed , full of college students , portly gents and behenjis , and people who seemed to have been hired on - the - spot by Career Launcher at the Karnataka Restaurant just to fill up the space .
Anyway , I was lucky enough that I found a seat right behind the Moron in the second row .
After making everyone wait for about 30 minutes beyond the schedule time , this CL guy Harpreet Dhody goes on stage , and makes cheesy lines like ( my commentary in square braces ) …
If you got an opportunity to meet Einstein or Stephen Hawkins [ yup , THAT ’s what he said ] , will you give it away ?
No ! Same for Ankit Fadia … blah … blah …
… a premonition of how bad the evening was gonna be .
Anyway , the show must go on , and Mr Fadia came on stage …
The dude himself
How many use the Internet ?
Stop using it , it ’s unsafe …
How many use Google ?
Stop using it [ yay ! ] , because it keeps logs [ duh , they need to make money ] …
How many use web mail like Yahoo , Hotmail or Gmail ?
Stop using it , they keep records too …
… and RIGHT there on the screen , in the presentation we had …
It seems that although he ’s studying at Stanford , they did n’t deem it necessary to give him a stanford.
edu ID ; because of which the poor guy is forced to stick to Gmail .
Too sad that it was a dark hall , and the pictures did n’t come out well for me to show you guys this .
Interestingly , his site is www.hackingmobilephones.com; which seems the result of the fact that he forgot to pay the bill on his older ankitfadia.com domain .
Aw , I forget , ankitfadia.com was hacked ( LOL , by a person named SkriptKiddie no less ) pretty soon after it was put up .
Anyway , he got on with great relish to start explaining about how privacy is a big issue ; and told the case of some woman staying in one - room apartment in Mumbai four years ago who had broadband Internet ( Eh ? Broadband , FOUR years back ?
Must ’ve been Sify , who still call 64 kbps ‘ broadband ’ ) , and how some Big Bad Wolf turned on her webcam 24×7 or something .
Then he took another case …
… NASA ’s systems were hacked by an 11 - year old Russian teenager , who diverted a rocket around in space after it was launched … caused billions of dollars in damage as the spacecraft was lost …
Point one : an ELEVEN year old is NOT a TEENager ( read the words carefully ) .
Point two : I ’ve never heard of this incident , neither is there any mention of it online anywhere .
I do n’t deny NASA has been hacked – it has , and various of its bodies ’ sites have been defaced .
There was a case when a hacker even delayed transmissions during a space shuttle mission once , but a Russian KID hacking in and resulting in loss of a space mission – never heard of it .
Someone please enlighten me if I ’m wrong .
He moved on to talking about hiding IP addresses , which he made pretty interesting for the general audience , I must admit .
After that , and after mentioning about proxy servers , proxy bouncing , etc ; he decided to speak on anonymising …
[ yahoo 5284776 ]
… and then how he saved paying Australian $ 20 - 30 at some Sydney hotel because he found unsecured hotspots nearby …
[ yahoo 5284996 ]
He went on to say that the way to solve the problem of people war driving ( and guess what , he did n’t even KNOW about tools like NetStumbler ; hell , there ’s a whole Linux distro dedicated to this called WarLinux ) and fucking ( my language ) around with your Wi -Fi network is to …
…use encryption standards like WEP …
For the slightly intelligent people out there , you ’d probably be knowing that WEP was a standard dropped WAY back in favour of newer stuff like WPA and WPA2 ; because WEP has flaws which enables stuff like AirSnort and AirCrack to prise open the Wi-Fi clamshell in a short time .
Boy , is this guy outdated …
Next up was email spoofing , where he did n’t even bother to show the theory behind it .
Instead , he opened this page ; and proceeded , with utmost pride , to show that he knew how to fill an HTML form , explaining each and every step ( “ press tab to shift focus to the next field ” – sounds hi - fi , does n’t it ? ) , and then finishing with “ all you need to do now is click submit ” , on a laptop which did n’t have an Internet connection .
After that , he showed steganography , which is basically encrypting images in innocent looking photos ( like that of Avril Lavigne , which he used ) .
Now what he claimed then ( and has for quite some time is ) that after the 9/11 attacks in USA ‘ certain undisclosed security agencies in the USA ’ intercepted messages from Al - Qaeda and sent them to our dear friend because they could n’t figure out what it was .
Our dear friend , as he says , could n’t figure out anything for 3 weeks , and in the 4th week ( yay , Google search ! ) it struck him that it could be this .
Our dashing young frood then told his masters in the US , and got the license to have his martini shaken AND stirred .
I might add here that the sarcasm + wisecracks here are by me , lest you think he ’s a ( non ) sense of humor .
Amazing story , except for the fact that NO publication except the USA Today ever spoke of US agencies intercepting ‘ such messages ’ – and I might add that the guy ( Jack Kelley ) who wrote the story was later fired in 2004 for ‘ fabricating false stories and sources ’ .
Hmm .
Mr Fadia then proceeded with a ‘ live hacking demo ’ , where he had installed a trojan ( NetBus , in case you ’re curious ) on his OWN laptop and ‘ connected ’ to it on his own laptop , and showed its various features ( he can be a good salesman ) .
He then proceeded on how India has been losing out in the cyber war against Pakistani hackers …
… they hack 50 - 60 Indian sites daily , while we can only do 10 - 20 of theirs …
Thanks to the 9000 Ankit Fadia Certified Ethical Hackers till now !
Anyway , there ’s this interesting aside where a Pakistani hacker group once challenged Ankit to patch an Indian government site from being hacked within two days , which they eventually did .
The session was ( thankfully ) coming to a close .
He now switched laptops with the CL guy Harpreet ( this one had a net connection ) , and after doing the boilerplate …
Do n’t try this at home , this IS breaking cyber law , but since it ’s Harpeet ’s laptop , he ’ll be legally responsible if anything is caught …
… during which time that CL guy ’s EXPRESSION was ( MasterCard ) priceless .
Anyway , he opened up BSNL ’s admin page , and proceeded to do his ‘ live hacking demo ’ , where he entered username as admin and password as ‘ =’ OR ‘=’ , which he referred to as the magic code .
Even on being asked multiple times by some people in the audience .
Nothing ‘ magic ’ about it , it was a simple SQL injection attack .
With that , we came to and end , and I asked for his autograph ; which , BTW , I was not supposed to get unless I ’d joined his course , but I have n’t come across too many people who refuse autographs …
Ankit Fadia ’s autograph
The absolute fun part was at the end , when the ‘ horkud ’ using crowd descending on him , including a portly gent who said he was an ‘ ISO 9001 certified hacker too ’ .
All that is left now is for some bright entrepreneur to to shrink - wrap ‘ ISO 9001 hackers ’ and start selling them on eBay .
Anyway , Ankit was fully cornered by the crowd , and asked questions like …
My company is blocking peer - to - peer software , and traffic can only be sent via port 80 .
Now you talked about proxies , how do I get to use a proxy to send it via some other port , while keeping in mind the fact that I need to keep the proxy settings for my company ’s internal LAN ?
Confused question , but I hope you get the point .
To this , our networking guru Mr Fadia said …
Er , iske bare me mujhe itni zyada jankari nahi hai …
This , from a guy who is consulted by ‘ undisclosed US security agencies ’ to ‘ hunt down bin Laden ’ ( his words , not mine ) .
Now I have to admit at the end that Ankit Fadia is stunningly brilliant at explaining dry - as - Egyptian - mummies ( for general people ) topics like proxies to portly gents in an easy manner .
He ’s also pretty good at keeping audiences engaged with such boring stuff .
I ’d therefore say …
My rating of how useful Ankit Fadia ’s Certified Ethical Hacker Course will be for a normal Joe : 5.9 / 10
As I said , geeks wo n’t find anything here they do n’t know ; and the title is pretty pretentious anyway .
Yes , for normal people however I ’d say this course would be pretty good to get them stuffed with basic knowledge on what the fuck exactly is going on when they use the Internet and HOW they might be conned .
However , it WILL sorta give them the feeling that they ’re top class hackers now , which they are n’t .
That false sense of security is n’t something very good on the Internet .
In fact , I would n’t have had so much to say about Ankit had it not been for the huge amount of unsubstantiated claims that he keeps on making every now and then .
So basically , they should STOP calling it a ‘ certified hacker ’ course , and simply call it an ‘ Internet Security Bootcamp ’ or something ; that way , Ankit can stay credible while being an icon for the masses at the same time .
Calling it ‘ Certified Hacker ’ is , IMHO , an exaggeration .
セキュリティホール memo - 2009.03
Last modified : Tue Nov 17 18:47:37 2009 +0900 ( JST )
【CSL】CSL緊急注意喚起レポート 〜新手のSQLインジェクションを行使するボットの確認〜 ( LAC , 2008.10.06 改訂 ) で示されているような IPS / WAF 回避手法が、 ASP.
NET においても、特定の条件においては有効になってしまうという指摘。 下記条件の場 合
、ASP.NETでも類似の回避手法が存在することが分かった。
ASP.NET 1.1を利用してい る( ASP.NET 2.0以上の場合は問題なし )
HTTPリクエストの文字エンコーディングとしてUTF-8を利用している この場合に、「 不正なUTF -8シーケンス 」 をASP.NETは除去することが分かった。
ASP.NET 2.0 にはこの欠陥はないそうだ。
こういう欠陥だそうです。 ユーザーが非公開文書に画像をエンベッドすると、その画像ファイルはGoogleのサーバにアップロードされるが、このファイルはユーザーがアクセスを許可していない相手もアクセスしダウンロードが可能になっている。しかもユーザーが問題の文書を削除した後でもこのファイルには依然として誰でもアクセス可能なのだ。
Googleが昨日発表した作図機能を利用して図を作り、それを文書にエンベッドして誰かと共有した場合、その共有相手は、エンベッドされた図のすべてのバージョンを閲覧できる
ユーザーが共有相手から誰かを削除した後でも、オーナーが知らない間に、その相手はある方法でその文書に依然としてアクセス可能な場合がある。 なんだか、 名古屋の病院、誤って患者情報公開 グーグルマップ利用ミス の件ににひどく似ているような。おまけに、Google 様からはこんな回答が得られているそうで。
現在まで入手できた情報に基づく限り、指摘のあった問題はGoogleドキュメントに重大なセキュリティー上の危険をもたらすものではないと考えています。
( 小島注 : 原文は Based on the information we 've received , we do not believe there are significant security issues with Google Docs . )
OpenSSL 0.9.8 j 以前に 3 つの欠陥。 ASN1_STRING_print_ex ( ) を使って BMPString や UniversalString を印刷する場合に、文字列の encoded length が不正だと、不正なメモリアクセスが発生して crash する。 CVE - 2009 - 0590
OpenSSL の Cryptographic Message Syntax ( CMS ) 対応コードに欠陥。 CMS_verify ( ) に欠陥があり、エラー状況を正しく処理できない。
CVE-2009-0591 CMS は OpenSSL 0.9.8h 以降でサポートされている。
izeof ( long ) < sizeof ( void *) となるような環境 ( 例 : WIN64 ) において、細工された ASN1 structure の処理において不正なメモリアクセスが発生して crash する 。CVE - 2009-0789 OpenSSL 0.9.8k で修正されている。iida さん情報ありがとうございます。
アラート アドバイザリ ：Webコンソールの管理者権限を持たないユーザが管理者権限を必要とする一部の設定を変更できる問題：HTTP通信において、Proxy-Authorizationヘッダが削除されずWebサーバ側に到達してしまうことがある問題 ( トレンドマイクロ , 2009.03.18 ) InterScan Web Security Suite 2.x / 3.x 、 InterScan Web Security Appliance 3.x 話。修正モジュールがあるので適用すればよい。
Trend Micro ビジネスセキュリテ ィ 5.0 Patch 2 公開のお知らせ ( トレンドマイクロ , 2009.03.18 ) 過去に公開された critical patch の内容を含んでいます。ビジネスセキュリティ 5.0 patch 1 の日本語版は存在しないのだそうで 。
[ JS09001 ] 一太郎の脆弱性を悪用した不正なプログラムの実行危険性について 一太郎 Lite 2 の patch が登場しました。 [ JS09001 ] 一太郎の脆弱性を悪用した不正なプログラムの実行危険性について
( ジャストシステム , 2009.03.23 改訂 ) を参照 。
BIND 9.5.1-P2 / 9.4.3-P2 登場。 BIND 9.4.x / 9.5.x で DNSSEC Lookaside Validation ( DLV ) を利用する場面において、未知の署名アルゴリズムが使用されている場合には「署名されていない」として扱うべきであるにもかかわらず、「署名検証に失敗」としてしまう欠陥があった。これが修正されている。 2009.03.15 に .gov における DLV 運用が開始されたのだそうで。しかし上記の欠陥のため中断しているみたい。で、2009.05.01 に再開されるみたい。
i Tunes 8.1 登場。2 件の欠陥が修正されている。 iTunes Digital Audio Access Protocol ( DAAP ) の処理において無限ループが発生する。このため、攻略
DAAP メッセージによる DoS 攻撃が可能 。Windows 版 iTunes でのみ発生する 。Mac 版にはこの欠陥はない 。 CVE - 2009 - 0016
i Tunes におけるポッドキャストの扱いに設計上の欠陥があり、 攻略ポッドキャストを講読すると、iTunes のユーザ名とパスワードが開示されてしまう
。This update addresses the issue by clarifying the origin of the authentication request in the dialog とあるので、もともとの実装では origin が表示されず、ダイアログの偽装 が可能だった、ということかな 。
CVE - 2009 - 0143
Adobe Reader / Acrobatに新たな脆弱性 、Adobeがアドバイザリを公開の件、 予定どおり Acrobat 9.1 / Adobe Reader 9.1 出ました。 CVE -2009-0658 今後の予定 : Adobe Reader 7 / 8 および Acrobat 7 / 8 の fix が 2009.03.18 に登場予定。
Adobe Reader 9.1 for Unix は 2009.03.25 に登場予定。
もうそんな季節。緊急 x 1、重要 x 2。全て Windows 本体が対象。要再起動 。
Firefox 3.0.7 登場。5 件のセキュリティ欠陥が修正されている。5 件の欠陥はいずれも SeaMonkey / Thunderbird にも影響しており 、 SeaMonkey 1.1.15 / Thunderbird 2.0.0.21 で修正される予定。 iida さん情報ありがとうございます。 2009.03.21 追記 : Thunderbird 2.0.0.21 出ました。 Thunderbird 2.0.0.21 での変更点 ( mozilla.jp ) 。上記 Firefox 3.0.7 で修正された 5 件のセキュリティ欠陥のうち 4 件が修正されている。残り 1 件 ( MSFA2009 - 11 ) は、実は Thunderbird には影響しない ( Firefox のみに影響する ) 事が明らかになったのだそうだ 。
Opera 9.64 登場、複数のセキュリティ欠陥が修正されている。 攻略 JPEG ファイルによって任意のコードを実行できる欠陥
プラグインを使ってクロスドメインスクリプティングを実行できる欠陥。
詳細はまだ公開されていない。
moderately severe な欠陥。詳細はまだ公開されていない。 加えて 、DEP や ASLR への対応といった機能追加もされている 。
ClickJacking の概要解説と X - FRAME - OPTIONS
の概要および設定方法の解説。X-FRAME-OPTIONS
には、IE8 の他 、NoScript 1.8.9.9 以降も対応している。
The exposure of the Jane Harman - AIPAC axis of treason has exploded the illusion of the Israel Lobby ’s invulnerability .
Here they thought they had the AIPAC espionage trial swept safely under the rug , or nearly so , what with the prosecution of two former top Lobby officials seemingly stalled indefinitely , and the Justice Department " reviewing " whether to pursue the case .
Not only that , but accused Israeli spy Steve Rosen is riding high , having recently been instrumental in the downfall of Obama administration appointee Charles Freeman .
Slated to take up a key post , which would have had him writing the president ’s daily intelligence briefing , Freeman was lynched by a bipartisan mob of neocons and Israel - firsters , with the disgraceful ( albeit not sufficiently disgraced )
Rosen leading the charge .
This triumphal march hit a rather large bump in the road , however , when none other than Congressional Quarterly published a bombshell story detailing how Rep.
Jane Harman – hawkish Democrat and reliable ally of the Lobby – had been caught red - handed offering to take up a request by " a suspected Israeli agent " to intercede with the Justice Department and the White House in order to get the charges against Rosen and his assistant , Keith Weissman , reduced or dropped altogether .
In exchange , the agent averred , AIPAC would pressure Speaker - to - be Nancy Pelosi to appoint Harman head of the House Intelligence Committee , with the threat of withholding Haim Saban ‘s substantial contribution to the Democratic Party dangled over Pelosi ’s head like Damocles ’ sword .
Harman has been twisting herself into a pretzel in a vain attempt to push back , and in the process she humiliated herself on the public airwaves in a real trainwreck of an interview with National Public Radio ’s Robert Siegel .
When he asked her if she remembers that conversation with a " suspected Israeli agent " – as the original story exposing her perfidy described her interlocutor – she screeched : " We do n’t know that there was a conversation " !
However , a few minutes later , when Siegel inquires whether it is " realistic to think that anybody is going to release a completely unredacted transcript of that conversation , " she averred : " Well , let ’s find out .
I mean , the person I was talking to was an American citizen " – apparently forgetting that the existence of that conversation was supposed to be in doubt .
What is Calamity Jane smoking ?
Or is she so rattled by being closely questioned that she can’t remember important details of her story ?
She may be shaken , yet Harman has n’t lost the natural craftiness that is an integral part of any successful politician ’s personal arsenal : she apparently still thinks she can slither out of what appears to be a tight spot by brazening it out .
At any rate , unlike her brother - in - corruption , Rod Blagojevich , she can count on the local Democratic Party machine to back her no matter what .
She may be right not to worry .
After an initial flurry of publicity , the media is largely dropping the ball on this one .
Antiwar.com , Congressional Quarterly , and Philip Weiss ’ indispensable blog are about the only three venues where you can regularly read detailed updates on the Harman - AIPAC spy scandal .
Elsewhere , the story is dropping well below the fold .
As for Congress exerting any discipline over their corrupt colleague – forget it .
The Democrats in Congress , for their part , are busy protecting their own : the House Intelligence Committee , whose chair she coveted so much that she was willing to sell her own country down the river , is launching an " investigation " – not into Harman ’s shenanigans , but into whether other members of Congress have been placed under surveillance .
Not that anyone in that august body has a guilty conscience , mind you .
The Republicans , long in thrall to the Israel Lobby , are keeping mum .
This is the one and only scandal involving a major figure in the Democratic Party about which they have absolutely nothing to say .
And it is n’t just Congress that ’s giving Jane plenty of cover : after an initial wave of shock ( and celebration , at least in the comments ) that the warmongering congresswoman from Venice , Calif. , was going to get her due , the mildly left wing of the blogosphere has readjusted its moral compass and taken up the partisan cudgels on Jane ’s behalf .
Rep. Harman , says Laura Rozen , is a victim of a conspiracy by former CIA director Porter Goss , who has it in for Jane because ( 1 ) she ’s a Democrat , and those horrible Republicans are so partisan ; ( 2 ) Harman opposed the use of waterboarding , and this is payback from the pro-torture Republicans ; and ( 3 ) something to do with someone named " Dusty Foggo . "
Seen from this perspective , the Harman spy scandal becomes Jane ’s martyrdom at the hands of ghouls , and what she is reported to have said in her conversation with an Israeli agent fades like so much background noise .
It ’s a classic ad hominem argument : Goss is a creep , he ’s behind this , end of story .
No comment from Rozen about Harman ’s sign - off to her spookish phone pal , possibly the most incriminating comment anyone has ever made while being eavesdropped on by the Feds : " This conversation does n’t exist " !
Unfortunately for Jane , the conversation does exist , and sooner or later the transcript – which I hear is floating around reporters ’ circles – is going to come out .
Then what will she say ?
If I were Jane Harman , I ’d be looking over my shoulder at what ’s going on in my home district .
According to this report ,
" Jane Harman ’s high - profile role in the still - unfolding wiretap scandal has liberal activists in the 36th , long frustrated by Harman ’s hold on this D+12 district , wondering if they finally have an opening to defeat her in a primary .
Marcy Winograd , who won 38 percent against Harman in 2006 , has been urged to run again and is ‘ thinking about it . ’ "
Winograd is a co-founder of the Progressive Democrats of America , and she is quite articulate on the question of U.S. aid to Israel , Tel Aviv ’s massive violation of human rights and basic human decency in Gaza and the West Bank , and foreign policy issues generally .
Thirty - eight percent in a Democratic primary in California , running against a popular and powerful incumbent member of Congress , is nothing to sniff at , and Harman may be in some real trouble .
She is hoping that the other shoes – the identity of her phone pal , the transcript of her conversation , or some other new development in the case – will fail to drop , but if this really is a " conspiracy " by Republicans and others out to get the bombastic congresswoman , then one would expect that we have n’t heard the end of this , not by a long shot .
Okay , but so what ?
Who cares whether a member of Congress tried to sell herself to the highest bidder , in this case , an Israeli agent who was offering AIPAC ’s services as if that organization were an adjunct of the Israeli government ?
After all , is n’t corruption what Congress is all about ?
Nothing abnormal about that .
Why should this be a major issue ?
The significance of this case goes beyond the fate of any of the individuals enmeshed in it : Harman , Rosen , and Weissman .
The purpose of the AIPAC spy nest was to penetrate the U.S. government ’s closely guarded deliberations on a subject dear to Tel Aviv ’s heart : Iran ’s alleged nuclear program .
They wanted , in particular , a document that would shed light on those internal deliberations , and their accomplice , former Pentagon analyst Larry Franklin – who confessed and was sentenced to 12 and a half years in a federal prison – was eager to give them all they wanted , and more .
Unlike most spies , Franklin did n’t do it for money or out of sheer hubris .
He was and is a committed ideologue , a neocon who put into practice the principle that there is no daylight between Israeli and American interests .
While the rest of the country was debating the merits of the Iraq war , the AIPAC spy ring was preparing for the next war , with Tehran .
And the results of that campaign are bearing fruit today , as the Obama administration ratchets up the rhetoric – throwing overboard the CIA ’s 2007 National Intelligence Estimate that says Iran abandoned its nuclear weapons program years ago – while holding out the prospect of direct talks .
The idea is to effect a tradeoff with the Israelis : a " peace settlement " over the status of the occupied territories in Palestine in exchange for a united front with Tel Aviv against Tehran .
Faced with what they claim is an existential threat – Iran ’s alleged - but - never - proven quest for nukes – the Israelis are stepping up their activities in the U.S. , both overt and covert , in an effort to drag America into a conflict with Iran .
They are threatening to attack the Iranians themselves if we do n’t do it , and this drama could no doubt be scheduled to reach a crescendo at a moment when the president of the United States can ill afford to alienate a significant section of his own party , which is firmly in the Lobby ’s pocket .
When the Bush administration began to pull back from their effort to pull off a " transformation " of the Middle East , the Israelis went ballistic and launched a foolish attempt to covertly do an end - run around the Bushies – using methods that go under the heading of espionage , rather than lobbying .
Under the illusion of its own invulnerability , the Israel Lobby has been pushing the boundaries for quite some time .
The prosecution of Rosen and Weissman is an effort by professionals in law enforcement – the Justice Department , the FBI , and the CIA – to draw some boundaries .
Yet the Lobby does n’t recognize any such limits .
Their chutzpah knows no bounds .
They think they can – and will – get away with it , but we ’ll see .
The Harman affair is pushback from those whose job it is to protect this nation ’s security from all enemies , both foreign and domestic .
The problem with AIPAC , from their perspective – and mine – is that it is both foreign and domestic , as the leaked conversation with Harman underscores : here was an Israeli agent promising to mobilize AIPAC just as if it were a division of the IDF – which , in fact , it is .
If Rosen and Weissman are ever brought to trial – and we have no word yet on the " review " that is supposedly taking place within the Justice Department , which is deciding whether to succumb to pressure to drop the case – the massive extent of Israel ’s penetration of our security defenses will become all too apparent .
Regardless of its outcome , the trial will be just the beginning of the Lobby ’s problems – which is why they ’re fighting so furiously , and viciously , to prevent the court in the eastern district of Virginia from ever convening .
Which is why I ’m glad to see that someone in the Justice Department ( where the Harman leak originated , I ’m told ) is fighting just as furiously and viciously to make sure that does n’t happen – at least , not without inflicting some damage on those who are protecting and enabling a spy nest in the heart of our nation ’s capital .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said on Wednesday he would consider forcing out chief executives of banks that receive government bailouts if they were not managing their businesses properly .
In an interview with CBS , Geithner said economic recovery depends on a financial system that effectively provides credit , and the government would hold companies receiving public aid accountable .
When asked whether he left open the option to pressure a bank CEO to resign , Geithner responded , “ Of course .
Of course . ”
The comment came just days after the chief executive of General Motors Corp was ousted at the request of President Barack Obama ’s auto task force .
The White House has been trying to strike the right balance between salvaging firms that are vital to the economy and acknowledging taxpayer resentment over a series of increasingly costly bailouts .
The fact that many companies continued to pay large bonuses and sponsor lavish corporate events after accepting public money has infuriated voters and politicians alike , and Geithner in particular has been criticized for not imposing strict limits on how companies use government money .
In separate interviews with ABC and NBC , Geithner noted that the government has pushed out executives of bailed out companies before .
“ Where the government has ... had to take exceptional action , the government has come in and changed management and boards so that these firms can emerge stronger , ” he told NBC news .
“ Where we have to do important things to provide assistance , we ’re going to make sure we do so on terms that protect the taxpayer and have these firms emerge stronger . ”
If you 've ever wanted to live in a crashed UFO , this is your dream house .
A cracked open sphere with a roof that looks almost shredded , the house only gets weirder as you get closer .
Advertisement
McBride Charles Ryan is the architect , and Dornob explains :
This mathematical puzzle theme is carried through the property and into the enclosure and finally the house itself .
While the interior is not quite as impressively offbeat as the exterior it does make for a more livable space .
The project also includes various green design strategies including gray - water rain storage and solar power .
Advertisement
Of course , these are hardly noticeable against the incredibly varied design of the building 's facades and roof .
Really , I hardly even noticed anything after being informed that this house has a " mathematical puzzle theme , " which is pretty much the coolest thing ever .
via Dornob
With some careful programming and probably tedious testing , [ Tim ] was able to get his CNC router to play [ Jonathan Coulton ’s ] “ Still Alive ” .
He did n’t just tell the motors to spin at the correct speeds directly though .
He computed the 3d vectors necessary to produce the notes .
The router thinks it is just doing its job .
We would love to see those vectors rendered out in 3d space .
Imagine having a physical sculpture of “ Still Alive ” as seen by a CNC machine .
This reminds us of the Obsolete Technology Band .
[ via Skullydazed ’s twitter ]
Former Bush adviser Karl Rove was verbally accosted Thursday evening by an ex-chief of staff to former Rep. Tom Feeney ( R - Fla . ) .
Rove was quietly having dinner at the tony restaurant Charlie Palmer Steak on Capitol Hill when he was aggressively approached by Jason Roe , the former Feeney staffer .
Roe , now of Federal Strategy Group , was " loud and boisterous " toward Rove .
He was apparently ( still ) upset over the following comments Rove made on Fox News , the day after the election , in which Feeney — along with many other Republicans — went down in flames .
From FNC :
Rove : " It was a big night , no doubt about it , but look , the people who got defeated last night were people who had not done their homework and had n't gotten ready for a tough race .
" You know , like this guy Feeney in Florida . "
Colmes : " Tom Feeney , yes . "
Rove : " Tom Feeney , who — who had a bunch of ethical issues raised and then voted against the rescue package .
You know , voting against the rescue package was supposed to be a sure thing to get you elected in some quarters . "
Shortly thereafter , Roe had to be escorted away from the table .
Charlie Palmer Steak management remained typically mum and would n't even confirm Rove 's appearance to Shenanigans , but when asked if there was a fight , the reply was , " Noooooo , this is a quiet family establishment . "
Rove , when contacted , had " no comment . "
Roe , when contacted , also had " no comment . "
UPDATE : According to people familiar with the back and forth , we hear this was the conversation between Roe and Rove :
Roe walked over to the table , " I'm Jason Roe . "
Rove : " Oh , the famous Jason Roe . "
Roe : " I do n't know that I 'm famous , but I'm Tom Feeney 's former chief of staff , and I 'm offended by your comments on Fox about Tom .
You guys would n't be in the White House without Tom .
And you made these really degrading comments about him that offended a lot of people . "
( Sidenote : Tom Feeney was the speaker of the Florida House of Representatives during the whole Bush / Gore 2000 recount . )
Rove : " Well , I have a file on the things Tom Feeney said about George Bush . "
Roe : " That says more about you than me that you kept a file on Tom Feeney .
This guy was so restrained in his desire to criticize the president — even against this staff 's advice . "
Rove : " I have a file . "
Roe : " I 'm right here .
Tell me to my face what 's in that file . "
Rove : " I 'll send you the file . "
Roe : " Well , I hope the file is the beginning of the conversation and not the end .
I would love to disabuse you of whatever you think of Tom Feeney 's loyalty from this file . "
Rove : " If you keep talking over me , this conversation 's going to end right now . "
Then a lady came over to fill up Rove 's water glass , breaking up Roe and Rove , and Roe returned to the bar .
Rumor has it Rove was waiting to have dinner with former RNC Chairman Ken Mehlman .
comments closed
permalink
Posted by Big Gav in buckminster fuller , bucky fuller , four day week , idleness , laziness , r buckminster fuller , sloth
The Sydney Morning Herald recently had an editorial calling for consideration of a 4 day working week as a response to economic contraction and alternative to making employees redundant .
DECIMATE .
This word used to have a highly specific meaning : the killing of every 10th person , chosen by lot , as punishment by the Roman army for mutinous legions .
The same concept comes to mind in the present economic contraction , as one in every 10 people employed by the private sector could lose their jobs as companies cut costs to survive in a credit freeze .
Private enterprises are the lifeblood of the Australian economy but are also the least insulated from the rolling shocks of the highest single - year decline ever recorded on the Australian sharemarket , and the sharpest downturn in Australian wealth ever recorded .
The number of job ads is in free - fall .
Anecdotal evidence is pouring in that job ads are generally being swamped by job applicants .
Each day brings new bad tidings on the employment front .
Yesterday it was the International Monetary Fund announcing it may cut its growth forecast for Australia to zero for 2009 .
Mighty Microsoft announced it would cut 5000 jobs worldwide , although the cuts would not extend to Australia .
The day before , the nation 's largest private employer , Wesfarmers , which has a mostly casual workforce of 200,000 , announced it expected to cut the hours worked by staff .
BHP announced more than 3000 job cuts in Australia .
David Jones said it would decimate its administrative staff , that is , cut one in 10 back - office jobs .
The spectre of unemployment is casting the longest and darkest shadow over the economy and consumer sentiment .
To survive this downturn in confidence and investment , private companies , which do not have the luxury of being supported by the taxpayer , are having to cut costs .
So how to ease the pain and share the burden ?
In order to minimise the trauma of involuntary redundancies , we believe inadequate consideration is being given to the non-voluntary four - day week as an alternative to redundancy .
This may be administratively difficult .
We are under no illusions about the workplace legislation imposed on employers by federal and state governments , which is ridiculously complex and burdensome .
This idea may also be opposed by unions paranoid about a Trojan horse of lower pay and more onerous conditions .
But surely a four - day week , either voluntary or imposed , is preferable to involuntary redundancies .
THE new French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , has made no secret of his antipathy to his country ’s 35 - hour workweek .
This drastic solution to unemployment was mandated by the leftist government of Lionel Jospin in 2000 .
The intention was to share out the available work more evenly and to allow workers to spend more time with their families .
Its long - term effects on the economy are still unclear .
In the autobiography - manifesto that he published during his presidential campaign , Mr. Sarkozy wrote of “ the harm that the 35 - hour week has done to our nation ” : “ What madness it is to think that the way to increase wealth and create jobs is to work less ! ”
On Oct. 1 , he effectively abolished the 35 - hour week by removing fiscal penalties on overtime .
The strikes and protests in France this month give a taste of the unions ’ reaction to President Sarkozy ’s measure .
President Sarkozy ’s 19th - century predecessors would have been amazed that such comparatively small adjustments are treated as matters of economic life and death .
They , too , were worried by the snail - like progress of the French economy , and wondered how to compete with the industrial powerhouse of Britain .
But they were faced with something far more ruinous than unemployment .
Economists and bureaucrats who ventured out into the countryside after the Revolution were horrified to find that the work force disappeared between fall and spring .
The fields were deserted from Flanders to Provence .
Villages and even small towns were silent , with barely a column of smoke to reveal a human presence .
As soon as the weather turned cold , people all over France shut themselves away and practiced the forgotten art of doing nothing at all for months on end .
In the mountains , the tradition of seasonal sloth was ancient and pervasive .
“ Seven months of winter , five months of hell , ” they said in the Alps .
When the “ hell ” of unremitting toil was over , the human beings settled in with their cows and pigs .
They lowered their metabolic rate to prevent hunger from exhausting supplies .
If someone died during the seven months of winter , the corpse was stored on the roof under a blanket of snow until spring thawed the ground , allowing a grave to be dug and a priest to reach the village .
The same mass dormancy was practiced in other chilly parts .
In 1900 , The British Medical Journal reported that peasants of the Pskov region in northwestern Russia “ adopt the economical expedient ” of spending one - half of the year in sleep : “ At the first fall of snow the whole family gathers round the stove , lies down , ceases to wrestle with the problems of human existence , and quietly goes to sleep .
Once a day every one wakes up to eat a piece of hard bread .
...
The members of the family take it in turn to watch and keep the fire alight .
After six months of this reposeful existence the family wakes up , shakes itself ” and “ goes out to see if the grass is growing . ”
It is unlikely this was hibernation in the zoological sense .
While extreme cold might have set off a biological response normally seen only in squirrels , bears and marmots , human hibernation probably reflects a sensible , communal decision to stay in bed for as long as possible .
But the French seem to have been particularly sleepy .
They “ hibernated ” even in temperate zones .
In Burgundy , after the wine harvest , the workers burned the vine stocks , repaired their tools and left the land to the wolves .
A civil servant who investigated the region ’s economic activity in 1844 found that he was almost the only living presence in the landscape : “ These vigorous men will now spend their days in bed , packing their bodies tightly together in order to stay warm and to eat less food .
They weaken themselves deliberately . ”
President Sarkozy ’s campaign slogan , “ Work more to earn more , ” would have meant nothing to most French peasants .
After the Revolution , government officials complained that farmers were “ abandoning themselves to dumb idleness , ” instead of undertaking “ some peaceful and sedentary industry . ”
Income acted only as a deterrent .
The people of Beaucaire on the Rhône made enough money at their summer fair to spend the rest of the year “ smoking , playing cards , hunting and sleeping . ”
Until the 20th century , few people needed money .
Apart from salt and iron , everything could be paid for in kind .
Economic activity was more a means of making the time pass than of making money , which might explain why one of the few winter industries in the Alps was clock - making .
Tinkering with tiny mechanisms made time pass less slowly , and the clocks themselves proved that it was indeed passing .
In modern France , where the overheated ski stations of the Alps and the Pyrenees are busier in winter than at any other time , no one is proposing a return to the five - month year .
But perhaps there are lessons to be learned from those hibernating ancestors who shared their homes with heat - producing herbivores .
In September , at the General Assembly of the United Nations , President Sarkozy proposed “ un New Deal écologique et économique , ” but without explaining how economic growth can be reconciled with conservation .
If he is serious about saving the planet , and if he wants to reassure the unions that workers will still have time with their families , he should consider introducing tax incentives for hibernation .
The long - term benefits of reduced energy consumption would counterbalance the economic loss .
There has never been a better time to stay in bed .
The computer will also have verified both of the important findings of the brilliant Denver , Colorado oil geologist , Francois de Chardenedes ... regarding the amount of energy employed as heat and pressure , for the length of time initially that it took nature to photosynthetically process
Sun radiation into the myriad of hydrocarbon molecules that comprise all the vegetation and algae ... a large percentage of which Sun-energy - nurtured - and - multiplied molecules are ultimately processed into petroleum .
The script of de Chardenedes ' " Scenario of petroleum Production " makes it clear that , with all the cosmic energy processing ( as rain , wind and gravitational pressure ) and processing time ( paid for at the rates you and I pay for household electricity ) , it costs nature well over a million dollars to produce each gallon of petroleum .
To say " I did n't know that " does n't alter the inexorable energy accounting of eternally - regenerative , 100 - per-cent efficient - ergo , 100 - pr-cent concerned - physical energy Universe .
We find all the no-life - support - wealth - producing people going to their 1980 jobs in their cars or buses , spending trillions of dollars ' worth of petroleum daily to get to their no -wealth producing jobs .
It does n't take a computer to tell you that it will save both Universe and humanity trillions of dollars a day to pay them handsomely to stay at home .
- Buckminster Fuller - Critical Path
With modern technology , probably less than 5 % of the population could produce all the goods we really “ need ” .
A certain number of “ producers ” could be drafted and trained by society to produce for two years .
The rest can stay home and sleep , sing , dance , paint , read , write , pray , play , do minor repairs , work in the garden , and practice birth control .
According to a report released Monday by Boston University 's School of Lifestyle Management , more than 180 trillion leisure hours were lost to work in 2004 .
" The majority of American adults find work cutting into the middle of their days — exactly when leisure is most effective , " said Adam Bernhardt , the Boston University sociology professor who headed the study .
" The hours between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. are ideally suited to browsing stores , dozing in front of the television , and finishing the morning paper .
Daytime hours are also the warmest and sunniest of the day , making them perfect for outdoor activities .
Unfortunately , most Americans can't enjoy leisure during this time , for the simple reason that they 're 'at work . ' "
After all these years , and after reading Bob Black 's The Abolition of Work , I have finally realized just what was wrong with Marxism .
Oh , the Marxists talked a good game - working in the morning , fishing in the afternoon , lounging around to watch the sunset ; 20 - hour workweeks ; month - long vacations ; etc .
But when you get down to it , they are still drawing from the same poisoned well that has parched Western civilization for the last 500 years : the Protestant Ethic , which freed Europe from Catholic voodoo only to feed its heads with doodoo , such as " work is the outward sign of moral perfection . "
While Luther was telling people that what counted was faith and the Holy Spirit , not work and deeds , Calvin helped spread silly ideas , like the one that people had to be at constant physical labor or idleness would tempt them to sin .
Deep down , this is the root of the Puritan Ethic : why even today the neo-Puritans hate Hollywood with such passion : they feel that if we are not kept busy with mindless , rote work , then we will be seized by the carnal passions and led to sin .
Marxists claim that workers are overexploited .
So what is their solution ?
Have the workers take over the factory to " restore the dignity of work . "
Make everybody do manual labor , like the Pol Pot regime did in Cambodia and the Incas did in Peru - as Mao said , " let there be no separation between the work of the hands and the work of the mind . "
Our goal should be to increase production .
Deep down Marxists , while despising capitalism , only want to hijack what they see as its main notable achievement , accomplished through the Industrial Revolution : mass production .
They do not want to abolish the assembly line , only bring more of us to its trough .
Let the elite fat cats sweat with the so - called " working class . "
Rather than wanting us to all enjoy the life of leisure led by the fat cats , the Marxists ' main goal is motivated by envy - they want to force the fat cats to suffer as the " working class " has suffered .
I finally saw through the Marxist illusion when I realized the deep - set opposition to automation of mass production .
Marx could not have predicted the development of robots , and yet his so - called followers oppose them with tooth and nail .
Why should we force people to do machine - like rote work ?
Why not have machines do the work of machines ?
Marxists fight automation because they claim it threatens jobs .
You remember what " jobs " are , right ?
They are the things that society tells us we have to work 9 to 5 at and be " productive , " right ?
Marxists deep down view people as units of production .
They hate people who refuse to be productive , who will not work , the so - called " lumpenproletariat " who refuse to be a part of anybody 's ' productive forces . '
Marxists do not have a true liberatory vision .
They want to " liberate " the working class from its exploitation by the finance class .
But they do not want to liberate everyone .
They want to turn us all into " workers . "
Bakunin , Kropotkin , Proudhon , and other anarcho - syndicalists , libertarian - socialists , and anti-technocrats at the International realized that this was the fatal flaw of Marxism .
" Work " as we know it should be abolished - that is , the requirement that all of us " mass produce " things that other people need - and taken over by robot labor .
This is the promise of post - industrial society , and yet some Marxists greet it with horror .
After all , even capitalist industrialism raised the standard of living of the working class to an incredible degree .
Yet , things like nanotechnology and the miniaturization revolution have abolished the fundamental assumptions of Marxism and of economics in general .
There will be no more scarcity .
More and more can be produced with less and less - of energy , capital , resources , and , yes , human labor as well .
People can and always will produce the things they or those they know want with their own hands , or , if they are skilled artisans , the things that others want , but with time , precision , and care .
But there will be no more mass production .
If you understand Black , Bookchin , Fuller , Henderson , or others , then you know that the industrial revolution is at an end .
The Modernist assumption , that the way our lives could improve was through industrialization and urbanization , is at an end .
Industrialism is a massive roaring engine , to whom we have sacrificed so many human lives , and whose appetite threatens to consume and poison the world today .
But if we " downsize " and " localize " what we make - Schumacher 's " small is beautiful " - and do it with robots , we will not need industrialism anymore .
There is nothing radical , revolutionary , or liberatory in the industrial vision .
Putting more of us into the factories will not accomplish anything .
No matter how " friendly " you make the factory - slow down the assembly line , improve worker safety , give hour - long coffee breaks , have ten people doing the job of two - the factory remains a factory .
A place where workers ' safety , health , and mental well - being is challenged each and every day .
Marxists are still hung up on this concept of " use value . "
Something is only worth as much as the amount of " work " - mindless routine labor - that went into its making .
They react with horror to the way the economists have been ' brainwashing ' us with the silly notion of " exchange value " - i.e. that something is worth as much as you or I are willing to pay for it - because it does not attach any value to the " work " of the robot - human who produced it .
Marxists hate artists - at least , those who do not practice social realism - because they produce things that have no " use . "
You cannot " use " a painting or sculpture , any more than you can a smile or a rainbow .
The value of art does not come from the hours of sweat the painter put into the canvas .
No , it comes from how much someone enjoys the painting .
Yes , you heard me right .
Enjoyment .
Pleasure .
It does n't fit into the dim , dingy workers ' universe of the Marxists .
That people might want things not so much that they can use them , but simply because they enjoy having them .
An artist is sharing his creative vision with you , and you pay him as thanks for that .
Someday , there will be no workers , only artists .
Like the artisans of old , the only things people will make will be the things they want to .
Everything else , especially the thing that everybody needs - food , clothing , shelter , and so forth - will be made by robots , who can make them more efficiently .
Robots do not complain , do not have " health " to be insured or threatened by industrial processes , do not make mistakes ( if programmed correctly ) , and do not need to be paid .
The " bosses " have known this for thirty years .
Only the " workers , " those neo -Luddites , seem to want to protect their neat unionized niche in the assembly plant from the new technology of automation .
They do not realize that the boss is their liberator .
He has liberated them from the factory .
Marxists call this " unemployment , " and treat it as a tragedy , because in our society someone must somehow be " employed " in order to have the things they need to feed themselves and their families .
The truly humane , post - Marxist society will be one in which no one needs to have a " job . "
The idea is an obsolete concept .
For the so - called " middle class " the idea is an especial absurdity .
These people get in their polluting cars , wait in traffic jams , and search frenetically for parking , all so they can go to an " office " where they do things that could just as easily be done at home with a computer and a modem .
But we seem fixated on this idea , that we must go somewhere else , " work " for eight hours , and then come home again .
The " work " of the middle class may not be as physically exhausting as that of the " working class , " but it is as equally rote , boring , repetitive , and unoriginal , focusing on the copying and recopying of information .
That is something that could be done much better by artificially intelligent computers .
As one writer once put it , 95 % of people move matter from one place on earth to another , and 5 % keep track of where they put it .
In our post - industrial society , there is no need for either " labor " or " management . "
Both have become equally obsolete .
If there is one proposition which currently wins the assent of nearly everybody , it is that we need more jobs .
" A cure for unemployment " is promised , or earnestly sought , by every Heavy Thinker from Jimmy Carter to the Communist Party USA , from Ronald Reagan to the head of the economics department at the local university , from the Birchers to the New Left .
I would like to challenge that idea .
I do n't think there is , or ever again can be , a cure for unemployment .
I propose that unemployment is not a disease , but the natural , healthy functioning of an advanced technological society .
The inevitable direction of any technology , and of any rational species such as Homo sap. , is toward what Buckminster Fuller calls ephemeralization , or doing - more - with - less .
For instance , a modern computer does more ( handles more bits of information ) with less hardware than the proto - computers of the late ' 40's and ' 50's .
One worker with a modern teletype machine does more in an hour than a thousand medieval monks painstakingly copying scrolls for a century .
...
Unemployment is not a disease ; so it has no " cure . "
This tendency toward ephemeralization or doing more - with - less is based on two principal factors , viz :
1 . The increment - of - association , a term coined by engineer C.H. Douglas , a meaning simply that when we combine our efforts we can do more than the sum of what each of us could do seperately .
Five people acting synergetically together can lift a small modern car , but if each of the five tries separately , the car will not budge .
As society evolved from tiny bands , to larger tribes , to federations of tribes , to city - states , to nations , to multinational alliances , the increment - of - association increased exponentially .
A stone - age hunting band could not build the Parthenon ; a Renaissance city - state could not put Neil Armstrong on the Moon .
When the increment - of - association increases , through larger social units , doing - more - with - less becomes increasingly possible .
2. Knowledge itself is inherently self - augmenting .
Every discovery " suggests " further discoveries ; every innovation provokes further innovations .
This can be seen concretely , in the records of the U.S. Patent Office , where you will find more patents granted every year than were granted the year before , in a rising curve that seems to be headed toward infinity .
...
Unemployment is directly caused by this technological capacity to do more - with - less .
Thousands of monks were technologically unemployed by Gutenberg .
Thousands of blacksmiths were technologically unemployed by Ford 's Model T. Each device that does - more - with - less makes human labor that much less necessary .
Aristotle said that slavery could only be abolished when machines were built that could operate themselves .
Working for wages , the modern equivalent of slavery -- very accurately called " wage slavery " by social critics -- is in the process of being abolished by just such self - programming machines .
In fact , Norbert Wiener , one of the creators of cybernetics , foresaw this as early as 1947 and warned that we would have massive unemployment once the computer revolution really got moving .
It is arguable , and I for one would argue , that the only reason Wiener 's prediction has not totally been realized yet -- although we do have ever - increasing unemployment -- is that big unions , the corporations , and government have all tacitly agreed to slow down the pace of cybernation , to drag their feet and run the economy with the brakes on .
This is because they all , still , regard unemployment as a " disease " and cannot imagine a " cure " for the nearly total unemployment that full cybernation will create .
Suppose , for a moment , we challenge this Calvinistic mind - set .
Let us regard wage - work -- as most people do , in fact , regard it -- as a curse , a drag , a nuisance , a barrier that stands between us and what we really want to do .
In that case , your job is the disease , and unemployment is the cure .
" But without working for wages we 'll all starve to death !?!
Wo n't we ? "
Not at all .
Many farseeing social thinkers have suggested intelligent and plausible plans for adapting to a society of rising unemployment .
Here are some examples .
1. The National Dividend .
This was invented by engineer C. H. Douglas and has been revived with some modifications by poet Ezra Pound and designer Buckminster Fuller .
The basic idea ( although Douglas , Pound , and Fuller differ on the details ) is that every citizen should be declared a shareholder in the nation , and should receive dividends on the Gross National Product for the year .
Estimates differ as to how much this would be for each citizen , but at the current level of the GNP it is conservative to say that a share would be worth several times as much , per year , as a welfare recipient receives -- at least five times more .
Critics complain that this would be inflationary .
Supporters of the National Dividend reply that it would only be inflationary if the dividends distributed were more than the GNP ; and they are proposing only to issue dividends equal to the GNP .
2. The Guaranteed Annual Income .
This has been urged by economist Robert Theobald and others .
The government would simply establish an income level above the poverty line and guarantee that no citizen would receive less ; if your wages fall below that level , or you have no wages , the government makes up the difference .
This plan would definitely cost the government less than the present welfare system , with all its bureaucratic red tape and redundancy : a point worth considering for those conservatives who are always complaining about the high cost of welfare .
It would also spare the recipients the humiliation , degradation and dehumanization built into the present welfare system : a point for liberals to consider .
A system that is less expensive than welfare and also less debasing to the poor , it seems to me , should not be objectionable to anybody but hardcore sadists .
3. The Negative Income Tax .
This was first devised by Nobel economist Milton Friedman and is a less radical variation on the above ideas .
The Negative Income Tax would establish a minimum income for every citizen ; anyone whose income fell below that level would receive the amount necessary to bring them up to that standard .
Friedman , who is sometimes called a conservative but prefers to title himself a libertarian , points out that this would cost " the government " ( i.e. the taxpayers ) less than the present welfare system , like Theobald 's Guaranteed Annual Income .
It would also dispense with the last tinge of humiliation associated with government " charity , " since when you cashed a check from IRS nobody ( not even your banker ) would know if it was supplementary income due to poverty or a refund due to overpayment of last year 's taxes .
...
What I am proposing , in brief , is that the Work Ethic ( find a Master to employ you for wages , or live in squalid poverty ) is obsolete .
Delivered from the role of things and robots , people will learn to become fully developed persons , in the sense of the Human Potential movement .
They will not seek work out of economic necessity , but out of psychological necessity — as an outlet for their creative potential .
As Bucky Fuller says , the first thought of people , once they are delivered from wage slavery , will be , “ What was it that I was so interested in as a youth , before I was told I had to earn a living ? ”
The answer to that question , coming from millions and then billions of persons liberated from mechanical toil , will make the Renaissance look like a high school science fair or a Greenwich Village art show .
The idea of a 4 day working week is n't an entirely abstract one for me , as my current employer has been significantly cutting back on staff levels over the past 6 months .
The manager of my team took the approach of offering us all reduced work hours rather than having to let anyone go , which we 've all accepted , so I 'm now seeing what a 4 day week is like ( and having just come back from a 4 day weekend hiking in the Snowy Mountains I can't say I have any complaints so far ) .
Australia is n't the only country considering reducing standard working hours - The Independent recently had an article titled " Britain is facing return of three - day week " , quoting government sources as saying " Shorter hours would be preferable to mass unemployment " .
Car manufacturer Jaguar is currently considering a 4 day week to reduce costs .
Japan is also adopting the approach of reducing employee working hours in preference to firing people as they deal with their slump in exports and consumption , with the practice known locally as " work - sharing " .
While the usual reason for adopting a shorter work week is economic , there is also an argument that working less hours reduces consumption and waste and can thus be justified on environmental and health grounds .
One country that shifted to a shorter work week some time ago was France , with their 35 hour week .
In recent years this has been rolled back by President Sarkozy , sparking a lot of resentment by affected workers .
The New York Times had an article on this , pointing out that relaxed working hours have long been part of French culture :
One institution that has recently adopted the shorter for all workers is the Utah state government in the US , which switched to a four - day week last year primarily to save money on electricity , gasoline and other energy expenses .
Similar schemes seem to be under consideration throughout the US , with Google News throwing up examples in Florida North Carolina and Minnesota Reducing the working week is an approach for reducing energy consumption recommended by a number of peak oil observers - both recent ones like Aaron Newton and older ones like Bucky Fuller , who argued that many people worked in jobs that did not produce sufficient value to justify the expense of energy required to do them .
One figure who should be familiar to most peak observers that has considered working less as a solution of sorts to peak oil is Jay Hanson .
One of Jay's " thought experiments " that is less Malthusian than usual for him ( albeit quite coercive ) is one he dubbed " The Society Of Sloth " .
The society of sloth adopts a technocrat style energy based currency is is distributed equally amongst all by a global government with a mandate to protect the global commons .
Jay ( echoing Hubbert and Fuller ) says that :
There is a large body of work justifying working less not on energy or environmental grounds , but purely on the basis that long working hours are simply not necessary , and that idleness is a virtue in and of itself .
One classic example of this is Bertrand Ruseell 's 1932 essay , " In Praise Of Idleness " , in which he describes the work ethic ( be it the feudal variety manifested in the Protestant work ethic or the modern - at the time of writing - worship of manual work by the Marxists ) as a relic of a bygone age and shorter working hours as the natural way for dealing with increased industrial productivity .
This theme continues to appear with some regularity , with some examples that caught my eye in recent years including Jason Godesky 's "
In praise of laziness ( looking at the issue from a primitivist point of view ) , Gene Longsdon 's " The lovely , life - saving virtue of laziness " ( small scale farming ) and Mark Slouka 's " Quitting the paint factory :
On the virtues of idleness " ( idleness as the foundation of democracy ) .
One writer even went so far as to recommend " idle parenting " , declaring it results in " happy children " who have learnt how to fend for themselves .
Sometimes the idolisation of idleness is more a product of cynicism and disengagement from seemingly meaningless work , as in this French example celebrating the " sloth ethic " , as documented in Crinne Maier 's book " Hello Laziness ! : Why Hard Work Does n't Pay " .
The Onion once summed up this line of thinking ( perhaps not entirely seriously ) in " 180 Trillion Leisure Hours Lost To Work Last Year " : There is a dormant site called " Why Work : Creating Livable Alternatives To Wage Slavery " which has collected essays , book excerpts and articles by Bob Black ( such as The Abolition of Work ) , Robert Anton Wilson , Bertrand Russell , Buckminster Fuller , Jean Liedloff and others on the theme of virtuous laziness .
While most advocates of laziness seem to come from the left ( Karl Marx 's son - in - law Paul Lafarge , for example , wrote a tract called " The Right To Be Lazy " during a period of enforced semi-idleness at Saint Pélagie Prison , though apparently he could n't help but put his time to a form of productive endeavour ) , the more anarchically inclined denizens tend to regard the socialists and communists as being just as work obsessed as the capitalists .
This essay on " Bob Black : Abolitionist and Archestrator of the Slack Revolution " sums up the view of the anti-marxists :
The idea of a post - scarcity society , where industrial processes are so well automated that little human labour is require to produce all our material needs , is n't a particularly well studied one , though obviously both Bucky Fuller and the technocracy people have promoted it versions of it in the past .
The primary exception is information production , where the rise of the internet and the ability to copy and distribute information at negligible cost has made it a topic of interest for thinkers like Chris Anderson and his theory of " The Long Tail " , who suggest the " Tragically Neglected Economics of Abundance " are worthy of greater attention .
The economics of abundance do get quite a bit of attention amongst science fiction authors however ( mainstream economists preferring to dwell in the present , and perhaps the past , as much as possible ) .
There are some signs that even in the world of material goods some parts of the world are approaching a post scarcity - economy with most people in the developed world have few material wants that they cannot satisfy ( and you could make the case that the reason that this could be true for everyone , if not for the way society and the economy is currently structured ) - countries like Japan have long needed to export unwanted second hand cars to places like New Zealand , for example .
One person who has made an attempt to try and describe what abundance looks like is Walt Frazier , in his essay " A World Based On Abundance " , though this seems overly - utopian in many ways and I 'm not sure human nature is such that all the characteristics specified could ever be met ( conflict is n't always based on economics / survival and some things will always remain " scare " - large houses facing onto Palm Beach , for example ) .
Whether or not we ever reach a global , post scarcity economy is a matter for debate , though I 'd like to think that it is possible or at the very least a useful " target " of sorts .
I 'll close with a quote from Robert Anton Wilson 's paper " The RICH economy " : This post is the second in a 4 part series that began with my review of Bucky Fuller 's book " Critical Path " .
Next up I 'll look at at how Bucky 's ideas influenced modern day techie culture , via the cold war technocrats and the hippie " back to the landers " of the 60s and 70s , with a review of Fred Turner 's book " From Counterculture To Cyberculture " .
I 'll conclude with an in - depth look at progress towards the global energy grid Bucky advocated , and why its become an increasingly good idea .
By Philip Hersh
So many remaining questions , so few answers related to Dick Ebersol 's unexpected Thursday resignation as boss of NBC sports , for which Ebersol told me the primary issue was salary .
I do n't expect any answers from Comcast , clearly a tight - lipped corporate beast rather than the NBC sports operation the media and public came to know under Ebersol .
He reveled in his high profile , had a substantial ego and spoke from the gut about any subject -- blasting Conan O'Brien a few months ago and , in our conversation Thursday , dismissing as essentially nonsensical ESPN 's idea to show the Olympics live in the middle of the night .
Why , the two corporate communications flaks whose names were on the NBC Universal press release announcing Ebersol 's departure ( with a note saying they were the contacts for more information ) have yet to respond in any fashion to emails sent Thursday requesting comment on a question about Comcast 's continued interest in bidding for the Olympics .
So it does n't seem worth my time to ask them about this scenario :
Was Comcast , the new parent company of NBC , deliberately stalling its contract negotiations with Ebersol until after the International Olympic Committee auction June 6 - 7 for U.S. television rights beyond 2012 ?
And why would they do that ?
Ebersol 's reputation as a TV sports major domo was built on the Olympics , which he had produced 10 times since 1992 .
HIs knowledge about how to present an Olympics -- and his passion for doing it - are unsurpassed .
For more than 25 years , Olympic TV in the United States and Ebersol were a single entity .
Comcast had named Ebersol chairman of the NBC Sports Group when its purchase of the network was completed earlier this year .
But if NBC did not get the rights to future Olympics , Ebersol would not be as valuable to Comcast , especially at a salary price he told me was substantial .
``I had a whole new job with suddenly thousands of new employees working for me , '' Ebersol said .
``Money is not a problem going forward in my life but I sure wanted a certain amount . ''
Ebersol said he thought he and Comcast had been close to a deal three weeks ago but ``suddenly it just started getting more complicated . ''
Was that an indication that Comcast really does n't care about getting Olympic rights -- despite its apparent assurances in phone calls to the IOC that it remains interested ?
His departure so close to the negotiations clearly discomfited the IOC .
Its U.S. rights negotiator , Richard Carrion , selecting his words judiciously , told the New York Times the IOC was ``not crazy about the timing . ''
The IOC places a high premium on long - term relationships -- to wit , its recent disdain for the U.S. Olympic Committee ( and , by extension , U.S. cities bidding to host the Olympics ) because of what had been revolving - door leadership .
The IOC greatly valued its 30 - year relationship with Ebersol , who initiated the idea of having a U.S. network buy rights for more than one Winter and one Summer Games at a time , giving the IOC a great amount of guaranteed income over a long period .
Ebersol took the IOC at its word when it threw out $ 2 million as the number it wanted for rights to 2010 and 2012 , and he even got NBC 's then owner , GE , to pony up another $ 200 million for an IOC global sponsorship .
That $ 2.2 billion turned out to be $ 900 million more than the only other serious bid , from Fox .
Such largesse added something to an IOC allegiance to Ebersol that clearly could have worked in NBC 's favor next month ; now it could work against NBC unless it makes an offer as overly generous as its last , which seems unlikely given the network 's reported $ 223 million loss on the 2010 Winter Games .
The other dimension to Ebersol 's departure is how it might affect the style of NBC 's coverage at the 2012 Summer Games -- especially if some key players on his production team , like Peter Diamond and Gary Zenkel , also leave before the London Olympics .
Ebersol developed a particular and oft - criticized style of presenting the Olympics as a blend of personalities and narrative rather than simple broadcasting of events .
He chose that approach to lure more than hard - core sports fans and wound up having women as the biggest piece of the U.S. viewing audience .
One key to his philosophy was that most viewers , sports junkies included , were completely unfamiliar with most Olympic events and with the top U.S. athletes , let alone athletes from the rest of the world , so simply letting the cameras focus on the action would not build an audience .
He also held coverage of some events , sometimes for several hours , until the prime - time package that drew the largest numbers of viewers -- 30 million a day at the 2008 Summer Games .
``I would always say the way we have done the Olympics in prime time is the reason they have been successful , '' Ebersol emphasized Thursday .
Ebersol 's Olympic broadcast philosophy came partly from his mentor , ABC Olympic guru Roone Arledge , who added personality profiles -- called ``Up Close and Personal , '' a term that became an English idiom -- to the coverage .
It also came from geopolitics .
When NBC did its first Summer Games -- and the only one without Ebersol -- from Seoul in 1988 , the Olympics as Cold War , sporting division , still was in play as a theme .
Emphasizing whether the U.S. would win more medals than those nasty Soviet and East German commies was a sure way to galvanize viewer interest .
In 1989 , the Berlin Wall fell .
In 1991 , the Soviet Union disintegrated .
`` There was no more `us against them , ' which had been the premier staple of the appeal of the Olympics , '' Ebersol said .
`` That 's when I really embarked on the whole storytelling thing .
`` For a while , I made a few mistakes , with too many profiles and stuff .
Post Sydney ( 2000 ) , I cut them down by 35 or 40 percent and substituted for that by having all the major announcers tutored in the months before each Games on the stories we wanted them to tell .
We did n't give them a script , because I do n't believe in scripting , but they all knew the basic points .
`` If you do n't make those athletes empathetic , you wo n't get the women who make up 60 percent of the audience or the others who do n't follow Olympic sports at all outside the Olympics . ''
Ironically , Ebersol wound up giving fans of the less popular Olympic sports more live and total coverage than ever because of the ability to put events on cable networks that have multiplied in the past two decades and to stream them on the Internet .
NBC proved ahead of its time when it offered viewers of the 1992 Barcelona Summer Games a similar option for more live coverage in premium subscription form : the Olympic Triplecast , an idea that got no traction then and cost NBC an estimated $ 100 million .
At the 2008 Olympics , NBC would stream 2,200 hours of 25 sports on nbcolympics.com and provide 225 hours of coverage on its over - the - air flagship network and six cable networks .
It 's a shame Ebersol wo n't be producing the show in London .
He once said 2012 would be his final Olympics as the hands - on force behind the scenes , but it seemed likely he would have continued through Rio in 2016 if NBC got the rights -- if , for no other reason , to have another shot at a Games in essentially the same time zone as the eastern United States .
Ebersol lived , breathed and literally dreamed the Olympics , eschewing high - priced hotel suites for humbler accommodations nearly next to his desk in the broadcast center .
He told me Thursday this was probably the end of his days as a TV executive but he could see himself in a year or two wanting to produce -- although not for another network doing the Olympics .
As he looks back on his 10 Olympics , one moment stands out -- and it is characteristically one that he made happen : Olympic boxing champion and former heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali lighting the cauldron at the opening ceremony of the Centennial Summer Games in Atlanta .
The Atlanta 1996 organizers wanted the final torch - bearer to be the hometown boxing celebrity , former heavyweight champion and Olympic bronze medalist Evander Holyfield .
Ebersol saw the first Olympics in the U.S. South as an opportunity to show the world something of far greater symbolic power by focusing on the greatest global sports icon of the 20th Century , a man who had been vilified out of old racist habits and acrimony for his refusal to serve in the Vietnam era military as well as celebrated out of pure joy and amazement for his personality and achievements .
It would a sign of reconciliation , of a modern Atlanta , of a country trying to come to terms with its past .
`` When Muhammad
Ali came to the top of the ramp and Janet Evans lit the torch in his hand , that was the culmination of six months of talking them into choosing him , '' Ebersol said .
``To ( Atlanta organizing committee chief executive ) Billy Payne 's eternal credit , since he was the one who had to make the decision , he listened . ''
When Ali emerged at the Atlanta Olympic Stadium from the darkness , literal and figurative , there was a gasp from the crowd .
`` It was one of the greatest things in my life , '' Ebersol said .
It was one of those rare moments that became larger than life , befitting both Ebersol 's persona and his vision of the Olympics .
Photos : Above -- ( l.to.r ) , Dick Ebersol and NBC commentators Bob Costas and Mary Carrillo at a press preview of 2004 Olympic coverage ( frederick M. Brown / Getty Images ) ; Below - Muhammad
Ali lighting the 1996 Olympic cauldron as Janet Evans looks on .
( Michael Probst / Associated Press )
Marjorie Cohn
Counterpunch
March 4 , 2009
Seven newly released memos from the Bush Justice Department reveal a concerted strategy to cloak the President with power to override the Constitution .
The memos provide “ legal ” rationales for the President to suspend freedom of speech and press ; order warrantless searches and seizures , including wiretaps of U.S. citizens ; lock up U.S. citizens indefinitely in the United States without criminal charges ; send suspected terrorists to other countries where they will likely be tortured ; and unilaterally abrogate treaties .
According to the reasoning in the memos , Congress has no role to check and balance the executive .
That is the definition of a police state .
Who wrote these memos ?
All but one were crafted in whole or in part by the infamous John Yoo and Jay Bybee , authors of the so - called “ torture memos ” that redefined torture much more narrowly than the U.S. definition of torture , and counseled the President how to torture and get away with it .
In one memo , Yoo said the Justice Department would not enforce U.S. laws against torture , assault , maiming and stalking , in the detention and interrogation of enemy combatants .
What does the federal maiming statute prohibit ?
It makes it a crime for someone “ with the intent to torture , maim , or disfigure ” to “ cut , bite , or slit the nose , ear or lip , or cut out or disable the tongue , or put out or destroy an eye , or cut off or disable a limb or any member of another person . ”
It further prohibits individuals from “ throwing or pouring upon another person any scalding water , corrosive acid , or caustic substance ” with like intent .
The two torture memos were later withdrawn after they became public because their legal reasoning was clearly defective .
But they remained in effect long enough to authorize the torture and abuse of many prisoners in U.S. custody .
[ efoods ]
The seven memos just made public were also eventually disavowed , several years after they were written .
Steven Bradbury , the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General in Bush ’s Department of Justice , issued two disclaimer memos – on October 6 , 2008 and January 15 , 2009 – that said the assertions in those seven memos did “ not reflect the current views of this Office . ”
Why Bradbury waited until Bush was almost out of office to issue the disclaimers remains a mystery .
Some speculate that Bradbury , knowing the new administration would likely release the memos , was trying to cover his backside .
Indeed , Yoo , Bybee and Bradbury are the three former Justice Department lawyers that the Office of Professional Responsibility singled out for criticism in its still unreleased report .
The OPR could refer these lawyers for state bar discipline or even recommend criminal charges against them .
In his memos , Yoo justified giving unchecked authority to the President because the United States was in a “ state of armed conflict . ”
Yoo wrote , “ First Amendment speech and press rights may also be subordinated to the overriding need to wage war successfully . ”
Yoo made the preposterous argument that since deadly force could legitimately be used in self - defense in criminal cases , the President could suspend the Fourth Amendment because privacy rights are less serious than protection from the use of deadly force .
Bybee wrote in one of the memos that nothing can stop the President from sending al Qaeda and Taliban prisoners captured overseas to third countries , as long as he does n’t intend for them to be tortured .
But the Convention Against Torture , to which the United States is a party , says that no country can expel , return or extradite a person to another country “ where there are substantial grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being subjected to torture . ”
Bybee claimed the Torture Convention did n’t apply extraterritorially , a proposition roundly debunked by reputable scholars .
The Bush administration reportedly engaged in this practice of extraordinary rendition 100 to 150 times as of March 2005 .
The same day that Attorney General Eric Holder released the memos , the government revealed that the CIA had destroyed 92 videotapes of harsh interrogations of Abu Zubaida and Abd al Rahim al Nashiri , both of whom were subjected to waterboarding .
The memo that authorized the CIA to waterboard , written the same day as one of Yoo / Bybee ’s torture memos , has not yet been released .
Bush insisted that Zubaida was a dangerous terrorist , in spite of the contention of one of the FBI ’s leading al Qaeda experts that Zubaida was schizophrenic , a bit player in the organization .
Under torture , Zubaida admitted to everything under the sun – his information was virtually worthless .
There are more memos yet to be released .
They will invariably implicate Bush officials and lawyers in the commission of torture , illegal surveillance , extraordinary rendition , and other violations of the law .
Meanwhile , John Yoo remains on the faculty of Berkeley Law School and Jay Bybee is a federal judge on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals .
These men , who advised Bush on how to create a police state , should be investigated , prosecuted , and disbarred .
Yoo should be fired and Bybee impeached .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
[ social_buttons ]
National security is big business , and no one has benefited more than Lockheed Martin .
Approximately $ 105 from each US taxpayer goes to Lockheed Martin .
From defense contracts to supporting the invasion of Iraq , Lockheed Martin is in deep with the US government ’s priority of national security .
Recently , Lockheed Martin announced that increasing the development of renewable energy and energy efficiency technologies is just as important to national security as building fighter jets .
Is this greenwashing or a sign of the climate of change Obama has brought to Washington , DC ?
Lockheed Martin is responsible for death and destruction around the world .
According to CorpWatch :
This Bethesda , Maryland - based company is the world ’s # 1 military contractor as well as the world ’s largest arms exporter .
Lockheed Martin built the U - 2 and the SR - 71 Blackbird spy planes .
Today they make F - 16 , F / A - 22 jet fighter , Hellfire and Javelin missiles , as well as designing nuclear weapons .
Its F - 117 stealth attack fighters were used to “ shock and awe ” the population of Iraq at the start of the US invasion , while since the start of that war the Air Force has increased production of Lockheed ’s PAC - 3 Patriot missile – which cost $ 91 million per copy .
Crocodyl further explains :
Lockheed Martin ’s slogan is “ we never forget who we ’re working for . ”
That ’s not difficult , given that the company receives some 84 percent of its revenue from the U.S. government , mostly the Pentagon .
It is the largest federal contractor and the largest weapons producer in the world .
It trails Boeing , United Technologies and EADS in total revenues , but those companies , unlike Lockheed Martin , have substantial revenue from civilian products .
Most of the 16 percent of Lockheed ’s revenues that does n’t come from Uncle Sam comes from foreign governments .
So why is Lockheed Martin moving towards renewable technologies ?
I believe it is survival , as well as recognition that if the company wants to continue to be majorly supported by the US government under the Obama administration , it must reflect the president ’s priorities .
The Dow Jones Newswire reports :
Building on partnerships the company announced last year to develop utility scale solar and wave - power technologies , the defense and aerospace giant is now working on new types of fuels for vehicles and power plants , according to executives at the company .
Thomas Grumbly , a vice president and customer relations executive for Lockheed Martin Information Technology , stated , “ We see energy as a major piece of what this country needs to do both for electric reliability and security , and this is a huge opportunity to put a lot of people to work ” .
In 2007 , Lockheed Martin began exploring solar - thermal technologies estimating up to 10 gigawatts of solar power could be online globally by 2017 representing $ 30 billion market .
In October , the company entered into a $ 1.2 million cooperative agreement contract with the Department of Energy to explore the viability of ocean thermal energy conversion .
Chris Myers , vice president for business development in Lockheed Martin ’s Maritime Systems and Sensors group , explains , “ We saw that energy was going to become a national security issue as well as global climate change issue . ”
It is also an issue of company survival for Lockheed Martin in the 21st century .
Image : Lockheed Martin
The world economic crisis has shattered the free - market consensus that has dominated politics for the last generation .
Meanwhile , the end of the conservative era and the election of the first African American president have raised expectations among working people that long overdue change is at hand .
With capitalism in crisis , even some in the mainstream media are admitting that Karl Marx was right .
There has never been a better time for those who want to see fundamental change to get together to debate , discuss and organize for a new society — a society based on the needs of the many instead of the whims of a few .
We need to organize a new left to meet the challenge of this new era .
That ’s the purpose that Socialism 2009 — expanded to two sites this year — has set for itself .
Gather with activists from around the world to take part in dozens of discussions about changing the world :
How can we end racism ?
What kind of organization do we need ?
What would a future socialist society look like ?
Yes we can organize for socialism in the 21st century !
¡ Sí se puede !
Join these invited speakers at Socialism 2009 :
John Riddell on Clara Zetkin
Ian Angus on Darwin & Marx
Robert Brenner on Marxist Theories of Crisis
Dennis Brutus on Israeli apartheid
Dahr Jamail on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and veterans ' resistance
James Green on Haymarket
Claudio Katz on Latin American Left
Michael Klare on the Geopolitics of Oil
Leo Zeilig on Africa
Heather Rogers , author of Gone Tomorrow : The Hidden Life of Garbage
Christian Parenti on Afghanistan
Camilo Mejía , war resister
Barbara Becnel , fighter against the death penalty
Anuradha Mittal on the Global Food Crisis
Laura Flanders on prospects for progressives in the Obama era
What previous conference participants have to say about Socialism :
" The young people at the conference took me back in time to when you were ready to stand for what was right .
It lets you know that what you may have planted years ago will come to reality today .
I feel great to have become a part of it . "
-- Dr. John Carlos , 1968 Olympic bronze medalist who raised the Black Power salute
" Socialism conferences are exciting gathering places for students and young activists , for revolutionary scholars , and fighters for social justice to share ideas and experiences that can help us understand and change the world .
I 've been to a couple – it 's not enough .
I 'm coming again . "
-- Paul LeBlanc , scholar and activist
A weekend of revolutionary politics , debate and entertainment
Sponsored by Center for Economic Research and Social Change , publisher of International Socialist Review and Haymarket Books .
For more information , call ( 773 ) 583-7884 .
Afraid you 've got the evil Conficker worm that 's already begun snaking its way around the world ?
Thanks to herculean efforts by researchers , the detection and fix is pretty easy .
Advertisement
Symantec 's got a pretty simple ( and free ) tool specifically for Conficker : Download this file on an uninfected computer , follow the steps , and you should be okay .
( If you ca n't get to Symantec or other security sites , that 's a good sign you 've got Conficker . )
Also , via PC Mag , here 's the Conficker Working Group 's page of repair of tools .
[ Symantec ]
NEWCASTLE , England , April 1 ( UPI ) --
British mathematicians say they 've created a formula that can be used to predict tsunamis and how destructive the tsunamis might become .
Scientists at Newcastle University , led by Professor Robin Johnson , studied the 2004 tsunami that devastated coastal communities in Indonesia , Sri Lanka , India and Thailand when an ocean earthquake triggered a long surface wave that resulted in six massive consecutive wave fronts .
Advertisement
The third wave , the largest , reached a height of more than 65 feet and , among other things , lifted a train from its tracks along the Sri Lankan coastline , killing nearly 1,000 people .
Johnson and Professor Adrian Constantin of the University of Vienna , said they discovered that the number and height of the tsunami waves hitting the shoreline depends critically on the shape of the initial surface wave in deep water .
" We have shown that it is possible to use the initial wave pattern to work out how the wave will evolve and , importantly , how it might interact with the complicated motions close inshore to produce the tsunamis that we experience , " said Johnson .
" With a time delay of maybe two or three hours between the initial wave trigger and the tsunami hitting the shore , this could prove vital . "
The research appears in the journal Fluid Dynamics Research .
With the $ 780 billion stimulus plan steaming toward expected passage in the Senate Tuesday , Republicans took some parting shots , hammering the bill as wasteful spending that will do little to jump - start the economy .
SEN .
JIM INHOFFE : TAXPAYERS ARE REALIZING IT ’S A DEM DISASTER
“ This is still a very big spending bill , ” said Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona during a rare Saturday debate on the Senate floor .
“ You ca n’t fix it by simply shaving a little bit off . ”
The Republican National Committee chairman , Michael Steele , yesterday called the bill “ uncontrolled spending . ”
“ Democrats have controlled both branches of the government for less than a month and you have to wonder if all that power has gone to their heads , ” he said in the GOP ’s weekly address .
“ They ’ve been trying to force a massive spending bill through Congress under the guise of economic relief . ”
He argued that increased tax cuts , rather than government spending , were the only solution – an approach President Obama dismissed as having already been a failure .
“ We ca n’t expect relief from the tired old theories that , in eight years , doubled the national debt , threw our economy into a tailspin , and led us into this mess in the first place , ” the president said in his weekly radio and YouTube address .
For New York , the bill represented a resounding victory , Sen. Charles Schumer said .
“ This is the first bill in a very long time where New York gets back more than we put in and on every major issue New York did very , very well , ” the Democrat said .
If the bill remains unchanged , New York state stands to get $ 5 billion for Medicaid , $ 1.5 billion in cash for mass transit , $ 1 billion for police departments and billions more for road and bridge projects .
“ There was an attempt on the floor to cut New York ’s money and we defeated it , ” Schumer said .
“ New Yorkers can feel proud and walk tall because the federal government is coming to our aid in a way commensurate with our needs , as opposed to helping the rest of the country and sort of giving crumbs to New York . ”
New York City ’s budget would get $ 1.4 billion in Medicaid relief , $ 100 million for the NYPD , and billions for infrastructure , including the Second Avenue Subway and Fulton Street Transit Center .
“ This will be real relief for New York City , ” the senator said .
“ It does n’t mean there wo n’t be any pain .
But it means instead of using a meat ax , they [ the city government ] can use a scalpel . ”
He said the compromise hammered out between Senate Democrats and moderate Republicans – which has enough support to get it past any threat of a filibuster – was far better than that passed by the House on Jan. 29 .
“ All those little porky things that the House put in , the money for the [ National ]
Mall or the sexually transmitted diseases or the flu pandemic , they ’re all out , ” Schumer said .
If the bill passes in the Senate , a compromise bill will have to be forged with House negotiators .
Additional reporting by Cynthia R. Fagen
lukas.alpert@nypost.com
__World - class contrarian Thomas Gold has a theory about life on the planet :
It 's pumping out of the Earth 's crust - and it 's swimming in oil .
__
Francis Crick discovered the structure of DNA , helping to crack the genetic code ; since then he has worked on biological problems from the nature of consciousness to the function of dreams to the origin of life .
And through it all Crick , now 84 , has been known to friends as a particularly gifted thrower of parties .
Back in 1947 , amid the privations of postwar Cambridge , England , two students walked into one of these parties , held in Crick 's flat on Trumpington Street , and paused to scan the crowd .
Crick was holding court in the middle of the room , surrounded by young women ; other great - minds - in - formation were located around .
In the far corner stood a clear - faced , rather stern - looking man .
" That 's Gold of Gold and Pumphrey , " said one of the students , referring to the team then doing groundbreaking research on the workings of the ear .
" No , no , " his companion replied , " that 's Gold of Bondi and Gold , " the brilliant pair of mathematicians then rewriting the rules of cosmology .
The stern face across the room , picking up on their confusion through a trick in the apartment 's acoustics , broke into a smile .
The eavesdropper , and the Gold on both scientific teams , was the same man : Thomas Gold , a physicist who has enjoyed a career broad enough in its enthusiasms to make even Francis Crick look narrow .
Gold has worked in the highest reaches of Big Science - overseeing the construction and operation of the world 's largest radio telescope , in Arecibo , Puerto Rico - while also excelling at the sort of research that requires nothing more than a pencil , paper , and an idea .
He has reimagined the whisperings inside the ear , the universe as a whole , and , most recently , the ground beneath your feet .
And he 's done so with a profound indifference to the opinions of others .
Gold is not just wide - ranging :
He 's a world - class contrarian .
Very few people agree with him on everything , which suggests he 's sometimes wrong .
But he 's also sometimes right .
And he 's always either interesting or infuriating , depending on where you 're coming from .
In his nineties , Gold is championing the idea that the creatures living on or near the surface of the Earth - plants , people , possums , porpoises , pneumonia bacilli - are just part of the biological story .
In the depths of the Earth 's crust , he believes , is a second realm , a bacterial " deep hot biosphere " that is greater in mass than all the creatures living on land and swimming in the seas .
Most biologists will tell you that life is something that happens on the Earth 's surface , powered by sunlight .
Gold counters that most living beings reside deep in the Earth 's crust at temperatures well above 100 degrees Celsius , living off methane and other hydrocarbons .
Presented in full in his 1999 book , The Deep Hot Biosphere , Gold 's theory of life below the Earth 's surface is an outgrowth of his heretical theories about the origins of oil , coal , and natural gas .
In the traditional view , of course , these substances are the residues of dead creatures .
When organic matter from swamps and seafloors gets buried deep enough in the crust , it goes through chemical changes that distill it into hydrocarbons we can then dig up and burn .
Gold believes none of this .
He 's convinced that the hydrocarbons we use come from chemical stocks that were incorporated into the Earth at its creation .
Since the oil crisis of the 1970s , Gold has been saying that the Earth is hugely well endowed with these hydrocarbons - hundreds of times more so than most geologists , or oil companies , or OPEC leaders believe .
The general belief in scarcity that drives up gas prices and causes fears of inflation , Gold argues , is a mirage that has served vested interests among oil producers for decades .
But this is one Gold theory that very few agree with .
Conventional petroleum geologists hold that hydrocarbons are created by the burial of organic material to depths where moderate levels of heat and pressure " cook " it into oil and gas , which then migrate through the crust to the sorts of sedimentary structures best suited to trap them .
Geochemists argue that the bulk of the world 's hydrocarbons could n't possibly reside in the Earth 's mantle , as Gold posits ; at that depth , hydrocarbons would react with the mantle , oxidizing into carbon dioxide , a process which , Gold 's foes believe , is evident in the belching forth of carbon dioxide from the Earth 's volcanoes .
As Steve Drury , who reviewed Gold 's book for Geological Magazine , puts it , " Any Earth scientist will take a perverse delight in reading the book , because it is entertaining stuff , but even a beginner will see the gaping holes where Gold has deftly avoided the vast bulk of mundane evidence regarding our planet 's hydrocarbons . "
If a maverick theory of oil were all there was to the Tommy Gold story , he could easily be dismissed as a crank .
But he is an enormously respected physicist .
When the first radio astronomers started seeing radio sources in the sky , they thought they were unusual stars ; from the early 1950s onward , Gold championed the idea that they were actually distant galaxies , and after a long and acrimonious dispute , he was shown to be right .
Later , in the 1960s , a new sort of radio source was detected in the skies , one that flashed on and off regularly .
Gold rushed into print with the idea that these pulsars were astrophysical oddities called neutron stars , the existence of which had been predicted in the 1930s but had never been seen .
Many of his colleagues thought the idea outrageous .
It was right on the money .
But he is n't always right .
In the 1940s , early in his career , Gold developed the idea of a " steady - state universe " with Herman Bondi and Fred Hoyle , when the three of them left their wartime jobs in the British Admiralty and made their way back to Cambridge .
( Bondi and Gold , both Viennese , had met as refugees , sleeping on the concrete floor of a British internment camp before their mathematical talents were pressed into service on naval radar programs . )
The hypothesis has now been almost completely rejected in favor of the big bang theory .
But for a while the steady - state idea , in which expansion was eternal and creation continuous , was the most satisfying scientific explanation of the universe around .
Cosmologists now think it wrong , though few think it stupid .
Some Gold interventions , however , do n't look so impressive in hindsight .
His suggestion that the moon might be deeply covered by very fine dust - an idea he insists was misrepresented by academic enemies - has been widely dismissed since the Apollo landings .
( Gold now thinks the moon , too , may well have a deep biosphere - as may many other bodies in the solar system . )
And his ideas about hydrocarbons remain widely disputed .
But Gold still argues passionately for his " abiogenic " ( not biological in origin ) theory of oil .
In the 1980s he persuaded researchers in Sweden to drill a hole some 6 kilometers deep into solid granite - a rock that crystallizes out of molten lava deep within the Earth , and thus should not contain any organic remains - and succeeded in finding some oil .
This did n't convince the geology community , which felt that the oil must have gotten into the granite through cracks .
But Gold took it as a vindication .
In the Swedish experiment , he also saw vindication of his related - and possibly more fruitful - theory of the deep hot biosphere .
One of the arguments that geologists use to point to biological sources for oil is that some oil molecules look very much like molecules found in living cells .
But Gold has turned this argument on its head , interpreting the telltale molecules as signs that there is life feeding on the hydrocarbons deep below us , not constituting them .
Instead of dead creatures turning into hydrocarbons when buried ( the source of the term fossil fuels ) , Gold says the hydrocarbons are fuel on which creatures buried in the Earth 's depths survive .
__Buried deep in the Earth , says Gold , lies a second realm , a bacterial biosphere greater in mass than all the creatures living on the surface .
__
Today , Gold sees other evidence of the deep hot biosphere .
There 's life on the floors of the oceans , making use of the chemicals gushing out of volcanic vents , and there have been bacteria turning up in deep holes all around the world - in the Columbia River basalts of Washington , in oil wells in the North Sea , in South African gold mines , and in the Swedish drilling program Gold set up .
And though most planetary scientists are unconvinced by the claims made in 1996 that a Martian meteorite had fossils in it , thinking about the Mars rock focused people 's minds on the possibility that a planet with a lifeless surface need not have a lifeless interior .
Listening to Gold make his case in his home in Ithaca , New York - where for 20 years he ran the Cornell Center for Radiophysics and Space Research - is to hear one of the 20th century 's true scientific originals .
His voice - still recognizably Viennese - is softer than it once was , but his combative spirit is undimmed .
He still works on ideas ranging from the cosmological to the geophysical .
He still gets a kick out of pointing to other people 's mistakes .
And he 's still convinced , perhaps now more than ever , that he 's discovered one of the great secrets of life .
Wired :
You published your ideas about the deep hot biosphere in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in 1992 .
What evidence since then has confirmed your beliefs ?
Gold :
A large number of people have found more microbial life in deep boreholes .
And in deep caves ?
Yes , that 's important .
So the buildup of evidence and interest must be gratifying .
Oh yes , it 's certainly nice .
But what I find a little distressing is that even though I published that article in ' 92 - I 'd already submitted it to Nature in ' 88 , but they would n't publish it - a lot of people describe their work as if they had made the discovery of a deep hot biosphere and it had never been thought of before .
You saw what you thought was evidence when you drilled in Sweden and found signs of life 6 kilometers down in the form of sludge and tiny grains of the mineral magnetite .
What was the significance of that finding ?
Magnetite is a chemically reduced form of iron oxide , which means it has less oxygen bound to the iron than more common iron oxides .
The whole story of the deep hot biosphere is that oil coming up from below , without biology , will be food material for microbiology when it gets to a relatively shallow level where the temperature is not too high .
For the microbes to use that oil as food when there 's no atmospheric oxygen , they have to find oxygen in the rocks .
There is plenty there , but there is not all that much in an easily removable form .
But what is easily usable is in common iron oxides - and when that 's used , magnetite gets left behind .
Yes .
In your book you talk about being so excited at finding the sludge that you tried to analyze it yourself in a friend 's kitchen .
That 's right .
I arrived on a Saturday in Mallorca with the sample and I was alone in the apartment .
So first of all I looked around in the neighborhood and there was not a single shop open .
I knew the sample was oily - I could feel that - so I thought that maybe there would be some nail polish remover to use as a solvent .
I looked through all the cupboards for nail polish remover but could n't find any .
Eventually I decided hot water and kitchen detergent would be my best bet .
The sludge was like quite thick putty so I tried to dissolve it - it took a lot of doing .
In the end I had a clear liquid , light gray , and I thought it was particulate .
The grain size was so small that kitchen paper could serve as a chromatogram - diffusion would take the black stuff some way out through the paper , while the liquid went much farther .
In such a case you think first of a metal .
So I thought , Well , iron is common - is there a magnet in the house ?
There were magnetic door latches on the cabinets , so I unscrewed those and put some of my liquid on aluminum foil and immediately it made sharp lines between the poles .
So it was most likely magnetite .
What first made you think that there might be life at such depths ?
It was in response to the long debate over how helium , which is concentrated in oil , could be associated with petroleum and biological debris .
Helium has no affinity chemically with biological stuff .
My argument was that the helium must have been swept up from below by petroleum from deep down , and that led me to the whole notion of the deep biosphere .
And you believe that the oily depths where you found magnetite represent the environment where life on Earth began ?
Yes .
You can only suppose the origin of life in circumstances where there is no direct access to the source of at least one of the components that you require .
If you have the common story of the warm pond on the surface , then all of the things that are needed will be accessible to whatever microbes there are .
So they will multiply exponentially up to the limit of the food supply .
That means that in a flash the whole thing is done and they are all dead .
There has to be a process of metering out at least one of the components so it 's impossible to eat up everything at once .
The hydrocarbons from the mantle provide that metered supply .
If life developed down below , it could later crawl up to the surface and invent photosynthesis .
As I understand it , you think that any planetary body that 's warm enough for liquid water at some depth , and that has hydrocarbons in it , will have a deep biosphere .
So there could be life inside the moon .
What we know about the moon is quite remarkable .
The astronauts of the Apollo program left behind a gadget that measures molecular weights .
There were a few deep earthquakes measured , and in association with those earthquakes there was always a molecular mass of 16 recorded by the instrument .
Now the people who do n't know any chemistry then responded saying , Well , that 's oxygen .
But it 's no good telling me it was oxygen atoms because an oxygen atom could not go a centimeter through cracks in the rock .
What fairly stable molecule have we got that has mass 16 ?
Methane .
So it is warm enough for life in the moon .
Mars is undoubtedly a better candidate because it 's larger and has more internal heat .
Then there are the satellites of the major planets , also Triton , Pluto , Charon , and the larger asteroids that have big black markings on them .
Not Venus or Mercury - there the water would disappear altogether .
In my first paper on the subject I advised that one should go down the deep valley on Mars and to the landslides that have come off its walls in the hope of finding solid material residue that we have identified as coming from microbial action .
The current Mars program is focused on what are taken to be previously wet environments - lake beds and the like .
That is complete nonsense .
How did you feel when you first heard the claims about ALH 84001 , the meteorite from Mars in which some people saw signs of life ?
I think immediately the first information was that there were small grains of magnetite in there , and sulfides , and there was oil in there .
What they called polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ?
That 's oil .
Sulfides and magnetite were immediately reported , all close together .
And there was a calcite cement .
All these things are typical of what you find down boreholes .
To my mind they have a much stronger case than the one they made for saying this is biological .
If meteorites can move material from one planet to another , do you think that life could have moved between the deep biospheres ?
Yes .
I also believe there may be a huge number of bodies that are like planets that are not tied to stars .
All we know is that we are tied to a star .
And we 've seen a few other stars like ours .
But that is no reason for thinking that the formation of planetary bodies needs a star .
It 's only because that 's the only place where we 've been able to look .
If you had an Earth - sized body floating by itself through space , we would not have had any chance to observe it .
But its deep biosphere could keep ticking .
Ticking as it has here for billions of years .
So life could spread not just within solar systems but over greater distances ?
Yes .
It 's interesting that you still speculate about other planets .
Some of your work in this area - I 'm thinking about your ideas regarding the surface of the moon - is now seen as having been very wide of the mark .
I concluded that very fine - grained material seemed likely on the lunar surface .
The opposition believed that everything was volcanic - that the moon was enormously volcanic at one time even though now one can't see the littlest volcano on it .
They said the flat plains are just lava fields and flows .
They got NASA to train the astronauts in the lava fields near Flagstaff ; when the astronauts came back , they said they had n't seen any ground that was anything like the area in which they trained .
What happened , to my great annoyance , was that the other side wanted to ridicule me before the landing by saying , We think it 's all hard stuff but Gold thinks you 're going to sink out of sight the moment you step onto the surface .
It was completely a slander .
As I had written , when I step out of a plane in Denver I 'm stepping onto a mile of fine granular material - because it all washed out from the mountains - and I do n't sink out of sight .
I would not have worked on a camera to go to the moon if I had thought it was not going to work .
But it was published that Gold says when they step off the ladder they will sink out of sight .
And newspapermen , as you probably know , read other newspapers , and these things tend to propagate .
Henry Cooper , in a 1969 New Yorker article about the Apollo missions , quoted you as saying that geologists have no more business studying the moon than studying the sun .
You clearly do n't have a very high opinion of geologists .
That is true .
They 're so enormously fashion - conscious .
It was very unfashionable to think that the continents had moved .
And then from one year to the next it was declared that it was all right , that the continents had moved .
And then if you had any difficulty with the details of how the continents had moved , you were a crackpot .
They just follow a leader .
Was n't it by recognizing a mistake widely accepted by geologists that you first got interested in the deep Earth ?
Yes .
In the late 1940s I had read in a textbook on geology that at a depth of more than 10 kilometers there can't be any pore spaces , because the overburden of the rock is so great that it would crush them all out .
I discussed this with Fred Hoyle and said that these people evidently do n't understand what a pressure bath is .
If there is liquid under pressure in the pore spaces it will keep them open .
It 's just as silly as the schoolboy who comes home from school and asks , " How is it that I 'm not squashed as flat as a pancake when there 's 14.7 pounds per square inch on my body ? "
There can be pore spaces any way down you like so long as the pressure of the fluid in the pores is reasonably in balance with the rock pressing down from above .
What led you to think the liquids holding open these pores might be hydrocarbons left over from the Earth 's creation ?
Probably reading Arthur Holmes , who had written so many things that were egocentric expressions of opinion .
He was the great father of geology - and still is - but I found his work quite shocking .
Shocking in what way ?
Whenever he discussed some facts that were inconvenient , he would say that they should not be taken seriously , that it was purely due to chance .
He far exceeded his information with the opinions that were mixed in - statements like , " Oil is not found in association with coal except accidentally , and not found in volcanic areas except accidentally . "
Look at the arc of Indonesia , from Burma to New Guinea :
It 's far more earthquakey than any other place we know .
It makes lots of small , deep earthquakes , it 's along exactly that belt that you have volcanoes - and you have petroleum along the whole of the line .
" Never found in association with volcanoes except accidentally " - that 's a hell of an accident .
So I spent years having these problems with geological texts .
And then in the 1970s I had some discussions with King Hubbert , the leading American petroleum geologist , whose word counted as God's .
I remember having lunch with him in Washington and saying , " Well , how can you account for the fact that we have oil - producing regions that are so large , that can go from Turkey to Iran to the Persian Gulf and under the plains of Saudi Arabia and on into the mountains of Oman , and the whole of that stretch is oil ? "
Why would that be unlikely , given the traditional view of oil forming from organic matter in buried sediments ?
Because the oil is all the same , while the sediments in that region are completely different : different ages , different materials .
There 's no sedimentary material that is uniform throughout the region , that has any coherence .
And this just never struck him .
His response was , " In geology we do n't try and explain things - we just report what we see . "
Hubbert 's views changed the wealth of nations .
The belief that oil would run out , and that those with a source could always increase the price , caused the early - '70s oil crisis .
That , to my mind , is a completely stupid attitude that shifted many billions of dollars away from some countries and toward others .
You clearly already had some sort of alternative model in mind .
I knew something that , to this day , the petroleum geologists in this country do n't seem to know - that astronomical observations had detected large amounts of hydrocarbons on various planetary bodies in our solar system .
We did n't have the very good results that we now have from Titan showing seven different hydrocarbons .
But I knew that there were perfectly sound astronomical observations showing hydrocarbons to be common on planetary bodies .
So it seemed natural that there should be similar hydrocarbons within the Earth , slowly seeping out .
We do n't see a lot of hydrocarbons just lying around on the Earth .
Once the atmosphere has a lot of oxygen , then any hydrocarbon gases that come up are quickly turned into CO 2 .
Were there precedents for your idea that deep hydrocarbons are a normal fact of planetary geology ?
In the '60s , Sir Robert Robinson [ a Nobel Prize - winning chemist and president of Britain 's Royal Society ] said that petroleum looks like a primordial hydrocarbon to which biological products have been added .
And what was the response ?
The response was that I quoted his remark in many of my papers .
But the profession of petroleum geology did not pick it up .
Mendeleyev [ the Russian chemist who developed the periodic table ] in the 1870s had said much the same thing , but Robinson had done a more modern analysis of oil and had come to the same conclusion .
And , in fact , the Russians have in the last 20 years done an even more precise analysis that completely proves the point .
The fact that Mendeleyev was in favor of a primordial origin of petroleum had a great effect - you see , to most Russians , Mende - leyev was the greatest scientist that Russia ever had .
Does it worry you that better international communications mean there 's no longer that opportunity for ideas disregarded in one place to find safe havens elsewhere ?
Yes .
In fact , I wrote somewhere during the Cold War that I sometimes wish the Iron Curtain were much taller than it is , so that you could see whether the development of science with no communication was parallel on the two sides .
In this case it certainly was n't .
I suppose it 's understandable that pure scientists might reject a theory just because they do n't like it .
But why did oil companies interested in the bottom line not pay attention ?
Because individual petroleum geologists who work for big companies never wanted to admit that they could have done their planning and their prospecting on an entirely wrong basis .
Perhaps there was little interest in your idea in the 1980s and '90s because oil prices stayed low .
But that made it clear that the geologists ' theory and its predictions were wrong .
Maybe they were off by only a little - after all , the price is now rising steeply .
But that 's only because of the OPEC cartel , which is held together still by the information that the oil is going to run out .
If it 's clear that the fields are refilling , then of course the cartel greatly weakens , and the individual nations will try to outsell the others .
So it 's very important economically who is in the right .
How much more oil is there in your view of the world than in the view of traditional petroleum geology ?
Oh , a few hundred times more .
But not all of it is accessible at the moment ?
It becomes accessible by recharging , and the recharging process I think I completely understand .
There 's a stepwise approximation of the pore pressure to the rock pressure - that will always be the case if the stuff is coming up from below .
You will not just fill up one reservoir at the top in the shallow levels .
It will always be underlaid by another reservoir , and that in turn by another , and so on for a long way down .
And by pumping out oil from the highest reservoir you release the pressure on the lower ones , allowing more oil to seep up .
Yes , the partial seal between the surface reservoir and the one below in some cases appears to break open violently .
What 's the evidence for that ?
Many fields have produced several times as much as the initial testing of their magnitude would have indicated .
Some geologists frankly agree that fields are refilling themselves - Robert Mahfoud and James Beck , who say fields in the Middle East are refilling , and Jean Whelan , who has observed a site refilling in the Gulf of Mexico - though they wo n't concede my theory is correct .
Your onetime colleague Carl Sagan used to say that extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence .
What evidence did you have for geologists who found your claims about oil extraordinary ?
In Sweden I produced oil by the ton from 6 kilometers down .
Eighty barrels we pumped , perfectly ordinary crude oil , entirely in nonsedimentary rock , in granite .
It looked like perfectly good stuff .
The Russians have drilled 300 holes in Tatarstan since the Swedish experiments .
They give me the credit for making the final determination between the biogenic and abiogenic theory by finding petroleum in the bedrock of Sweden .
Presumably the geologists said the oil had come in along cracks in the granite .
They 'd have a hard time persuading me .
Is n't there oil in the shales around the granite ?
But the shales are nowhere deeper than 300 meters .
I was down at 6.7 kilometers .
A number of physicists of your generation - your friend Hoyle , George Gamow , Luis Alvarez , Freeman Dyson , Francis Crick ( a physicist by training ) - have gravitated toward big questions about life , its origin , its workings .
I think that 's what any competent scientist will do in the course of time .
But for you , the move from one topic to another seems to have been driven by spotting other people 's errors .
Yes , that 's true .
I was quite good at spotting a serious error , such as when Harold Jeffreys [ a geophysicist at Cambridge ] gave a particular formula for the damping of the Earth 's free nutation [ a slight nodding of the axis of rotation ] .
I looked at this formula and then I rushed to my friend Bondi and said , " Look , Harold thinks that if I have an object the size of a pea in the middle of the Earth and it has a suitable viscosity , it will cause the observed damping . "
I realized immediately it was rubbish .
Bondi and I wrote a correction paper , and it took us a year to get that correction paper printed .
Because the great Harold Jeffreys was still standing on his hind legs and saying what he wrote was right .
In putting forward controversial ideas , does it help to have had the experience of seeing your cosmological theories discarded ?
Did that experience toughen you up ?
I was always pretty tough .
But the pulsar episode shaped my attitude more than anything else .
My idea that rotating neutron stars were responsible for pulsars was totally ridiculed at an international conference .
I was not allowed to speak from the podium for five minutes in a two - day conference because it was regarded as such a monstrous idea .
That was in the spring , and I think by November or December of that year , observations of the pulsar in the Crab Nebula had confirmed every damn thing that I 'd said - confirmed that the frequencies of a young pulsar would be higher , confirmed that good places to look would be supernova remnants , and a number of other things .
After that , I was never going to compromise with other people 's opinions again : Just know the facts .
Do n't people tend to overtrust what they are taught are facts ?
Yes , absolutely .
Not only overtrust , but they publish whenever they have a positive result for an accepted theory , and if they have a negative result they suppress it , or it gets suppressed by the referee .
So you have to know what to ignore :
You have to have what I think Bondi once called a ruthless disregard for the observations .
I kick myself for not having been firm enough sometimes .
Some of my colleagues have , on occasion , wanted me to step down from my high horse , saying maybe there is something to what the others say .
I should have resisted that .
Searching out error means changing fields quite often , though .
If you had been more ambitious about your career , would you have stuck to a single area of research ?
Yes , but that did not attract me - I followed my own interests .
And that has been a handicap .
The petroleum geologists dislike me , but very few of them have any notion that I 've worked in other fields - and been also disliked , but found out right , you see .
It should give them some pause .
