I ’ve got several videos showing you how to quickly make chocolate milk ( trust me , just stick around and watch the first one ) , plus I ’ve searched far and wide to find the bestestest EVAR chocolate milk recipe as well which is after the videos .
Chocolate milk sounds easy , just some chocolate and some milk , right ?
Nooooo : you try putting a chunk of chocolate in some milk and see if you get chocolate milk .
Did n’t work , did it ?
I thought not .
First , let ’s learn about the traditional way of making chocolate milk ( all you need is some Hershey ’s Chocolate Syrup and some milk ) :
Awesome Chocolate Milk and Whip Christmas Drink ( just in time for the holidays )
This is supposed to be non-alcoholic … fuck that shit , I ’d put some Kahlua and maybe some vodka in this , but it ’s still an awesome idea for a drink :
Two awesome chocolate milk recipes : one from the heartland of America , the other from …Nicaragua ?
First , from The Pioneer Woman , we ’ve got a recipe where you ’re going to make your own chocolate syrup , and believe me , after you try
chocolate milk made with this stuff you ’ll never want to use store - bought stuff ever again .
All we ’re going to do is make our own syrup with some cream and some quality semi-sweet chocolate and then use that to make chocolate milk the traditional way .
To make your own chocolate sauce you will need :
1 Cup of Heavy Whipping Cream
4 Ounces of Semi-Sweet Chocolate ( if you use poor quality chocolate this wo n’t work , it ’ll just be this chunky gunk that tastes like crap–I recommend Ghirardelli semi-sweet chocolate baking chips which most grocery stores carry , and if not then you can get it there from Amazon )
which most grocery stores carry , and if not then you can get it there from Amazon )
A pot to boil your chocolate concoction in
Heat the cream over medium - high heat on your stove until it has just barely begun to boil , then add the 4 ounces of chocolate pieces and turn off the heat .
Mix slowly until the chocolate has completely melted and the mixture is a perfectly smooth syrup .
Now , just use that as your syrup ( about 1 - 2 tablespoons per glass is the recommended amount ) for making chocolate milk as per the method in the first video ( if there ’s anything about that technique you ’re confused by , I recommend you go back and watch it as many times as is necessary for clarification ) .
Note : the syrup should be be good for about two weeks if it ’s refrigerated ( also , if the syrup is cold it may require some very vigorous stirring to get it fully mixed into the milk , but it will work ) .
The greatest chocolate milk recipe ever : Nicaraguan Chocolate Milk
This particular chocolate milk recipe will likely be familiar to most Nicaraguans but might seem a bit alien to the rest of us since it involves rice and raw cocoa beans–cocoa beans are a very common household ingredient in Nicaragua and as a result they are easily available in most markets there ; you , however , might have a bit harder time finding some–if so , I highly recommend Navitas Naturals Organic Raw Chocolate Nibs ( “ nibs ” are what the beans are called after they ’ve been de- shelled and roasted ) which you can get there from Amazon .
The rice acts as a sort of thickener and the cinnamon gives it just a bit of extra spice that makes a big difference .
Here ’s what you ’ll need ( this makes about 10 servings ) :
4 cups of water
1 1/2 cups of long - grain white rice
8 cups whole , low - fat , or nonfat milk ( obviously , whole milk is recommended –my personal favorite brand is Promised Land )
2 cups of cocoa beans
3 cinnamon sticks ( each about 3 inches long ) , broken into 1 - inch pieces
1 cup of sugar
1 1/2 tablespoons vanilla extract
a bowl
a blender
cheesecloth
a strainer
Here ’s what to do :
Put the rice in a bowl with some cold water , cover it and let it stand for 24 hours , then drain .
Put the cocoa beans in a metal baking pan and put it in a oven pre-heated to 500 degrees Fahrenheit for 5 minutes , then shake the beans ( do n’t burn your hands : use a pot- holder ) and continue to bake then until they smoke and the skins have started to split ( should be about an additional 5 to 8 minutes ) .
Put half the rice , water , cocoa beans , and cinnamon into a blender and blend until the ingredients are very finely pureed .
Then , place a large , fine strainer over a bowl and pour the cocoa mixture into the strainer and stir with a wooden spoon ( or whatever you can find , I suppose ) to extract the liquid .
Rinse out the residue in the strainer and repeat this process with the remaining half of the cocoa , rice , water , and cinnamon .
Now , rinse out the strainer and line it with a double thickness of damp cheesecloth .
Pour the cocoa liquid through the strainer into a bowl , stirring again to extract all the liquid .
What you have in that bowl now is , essentially , your chocolate syrup that you ’ll use to make the best chocolate milk you ’ve ever had in your life ( it still needs to be sweetened , mind you ) .
To that syrup add the milk , vanilla extract , and sugar , then stir until the sugar dissolves .
Drink it all at once and gain 5 pounds .
Credit for this , by the way , actually goes to Sunset Magazine for this one , who originally published this recipe in their April , 1994 edition .
I got the actual recipe from Dying for Chocolate and simply rewrote it in a much … better …way .
P.S. About the first video : I like boobies , I ca n’t help it .
Sorry ( though I doubt very many of you are genuinely upset about it ) .
In underground home designs , this unusual house plan is the collaboration between the Netherlands architects at SeARCH and Christian Muller Architects .
This underground home , located in the Swiss village of Vals , is set amidst a cluster of mountain houses and if you do n’t look carefully you might miss it !
The most striking thing about this stone house is the majestic Alpine view through a wide , elliptical opening in the hillside , revealing spacious outdoor entertaining areas that lead to the home ’s main entrance .
Another entrance from a nearby barn leads residents and guests through an underground pathway , providing an alternate entryway into the home .
The circular opening in the mountainside allows for lots of windows , which flood interiors with natural light while framing the stunning mountain views .
SeARCH and Christian Muller Architects
via Gizmodo , via Abitare
I 'm planning on being around in ten years , Lawd willin' .
And I 'm really looking forward to holding up all these global - warming deniers , like Sean Hannity and Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh and all their absurd guests running around their shows screaming that " CRU e-mails prove global warming is a hoax ! " for some serious , serious ridicule .
Like Hannity last night on his Fox show , hosting the best author Exxon / Mobil money could buy , Chris Horner , to natter at length about the fake CRU e-mails scandal .
At the very end , Hannity comes up with an epithet for global warming :
Hannity : Biggest scientific fraud , I think , in our lifetime .
Yes , that 's what we 'd call it too -- not global warming , but this fake scandal , as Media Matters explains in thorough detail .
Particularly when it comes to Hannity 's and Horner 's doubts that the e-mails were " stolen " ( Hannity says : " I do n't think that 's an accurate story , " and Horner says , " There is no evidence this was a hacking . " )
As MM explains :
CRU officials have stated that emails were obtained through " a criminal breach of our security systems . "
In its initial response to the reported theft , officials at the University of East Anglia stated : " Recently thousands of files and emails illegally obtained from a research server at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) have been posted on various sites on the web . "
In a statement about the controversy , CRU vice chancellor of research Trevor Davies stated : " We are committed to furthering this debate despite being faced with difficult circumstances related to a criminal breach of our security systems and our concern to protect colleagues from the more extreme behaviour of some who have responded in irrational and unpleasant ways to the publication of personal information . "
But beyond the fact that this is just another right - wing water - muddying exercise to advance their own propaganda , you really have to wonder how the rest of the media can so eagerly lap up such a non-story .
Especially when confronted with the actual evidence of what in fact is occurring in the Real World , i.e. , the natural world , to wit :
Climate change speeds up since 1997 Kyoto accord
Since the 1997 Kyoto international accord to fight global warming , climate change has worsened and accelerated — beyond some of the grimmest warnings made back then .
As the world has talked for a dozen years about what to do next , new ship passages opened through the Arctic 's once - frozen summer sea ice .
In Greenland and Antarctica , ice sheets have lost trillions of tons .
Mountain glaciers in Europe , South America , Asia and Africa are shrinking faster than before .
And it 's not just the frozen parts of the world that have felt the heat in the years leading up to next month 's climate summit in Copenhagen : •
The world 's oceans have risen about an inch and a half .
• Droughts and wildfires have turned more severe , from the U.S. West to Australia to the Sahel desert of North Africa .
•
Species now in trouble because of changing climate include not just the polar bear , which has become a symbol of global warming , but also fragile butterflies , colorful frogs and entire stands of North American pine forests .
•
Temperatures over the past 12 years are 0.4 degree warmer than in the dozen years leading up to 1997 .
" The latest science is telling us we are in more trouble than we thought , " said Janos Pasztor , climate adviser to U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon .
Here 's why : Since an agreement to reduce greenhouse - gas pollution was signed in Kyoto , Japan , in December 1997 , the level of carbon dioxide in the air has increased 6.5 percent .
From 1997 to 2008 : • World carbon - dioxide emissions from the burning of fossil fuels have increased 31 percent .
• U.S. emissions of this greenhouse gas rose 3.7 percent .
• Emissions from China , now the biggest producer of this pollution , have more than doubled in 12 years .
We 're also starting to see things we 've never seen before , like massive killer algal blooms .
We do n't know that climate change is causing it , but we do know we 've never seen this stuff before .
In ten years we 're going to be in a world of hurt and these well - paid morons are going to have some explaining to do .
Of course , we know this crowd :
They 'll somehow try to claim that they were really right .
Right .
Morons .
Glenn Beck has begun to promote a march on the National Mall in Washington DC , timed to coincide with the anniversary of Martin Luther King ’s “ I Have a Dream ” speech .
Except Beck wants to steer America back in time , before the progressive movement began .
“ I am drafting plans now to bring us back to an America that our founders would understand , ” he told a crowd in Florida saturday , at a book - sales event .
ADVERTISEMENT
Beck has been “ doing a lot of reading on history in the last few years ” and announced that he is crafting a 100 year plan for the nation .
Beck told the crowd he wants them to come to a march at the foot of the Abraham Lincoln statue next summer for its unveiling .
His next book will be called The Plan .
The crowd surrounding Beck at his masterful book - selling event in a Florida retirement community seemed unresponsive to his comment that “ we need to start thinking like the Chinese . ”
This video is from Media Matters , broadcast Nov. 21 , 2009 .
Illustration by Peter Schrank
ONE of the great studies of decline is a novel about a fictional Sicilian prince , living more than a century ago .
There is much about Giuseppe di Lampedusa 's “ The Leopard ” that is remote now : peasants paying their rent with wheels of cheese and freshly killed lambs , footmen in knee - breeches , a constant threat of revolutionary violence on the horizon .
Today 's Europe is at peace .
Feudalism is long gone .
Blatant inequalities are frowned on .
Yet today 's European leaders would still do well to study “ The Leopard ” , for it offers them some topical lessons .
Talk of Europe 's relative decline seems to be everywhere just now .
Listen to a speech by any European leader and you are likely to hear about the dangers of a G2 world , run by America and China , if Europe does not get its act together and speak with one voice .
You may hear glum figures about Europe 's future weight , and with some reason .
In 1900 Europe accounted for a quarter of the world 's population .
By 2060 it may account for just 6 % — and almost a third of these will be more than 65 years old .
Such gloomy reflections are the cue for ringing phrases about the future .
Some leaders may point to the new Lisbon treaty and predict that it will bring about a “ Europe of results ” .
Others will thump lecterns and call for banks to return to their “ proper function ” of low - risk lending to business .
Or they may hint that fighting climate change will be painless , predicting that Europe will create millions of new , green jobs .
Yet if politicians were more honest , they would admit that a tightly regulated financial sector will produce less growth .
They would admit that fighting climate change may also curb growth ( even if it is the right thing to do ) , and not produce any jobs bonanza .
After all , the same rivals who test Europe in other fields — the Brazils , Indias and Chinas , as well as America — will want their own green jobs .
More fundamentally , much of Europe has long been living beyond its means .
Take an acute example , Spain , where the collapse of a construction - fed boom has led to nearly 20 % unemployment .
One in every two euros spent next year by the Spanish government will go on pensions , welfare payments or unemployment benefits .
Yet the same government is unwilling to tackle one of the biggest barriers to sustainable growth : its unjust , two - tier labour market , in which some workers are nearly unsackable but others ( the young , immigrants and others on temporary contracts ) take the pain .
In general , leaders ' warnings about European decline are not often matched by political courage or even much ambition ( think of Herman Van Rompuy and Catherine Ashton , the obscure and unthreatening pair of politicians chosen to fill the two top jobs created by the Lisbon treaty ) .
One reason for this lack of courage is that “ we are all talking about decline , but we can't feel it yet , ” as one European ambassador puts it .
That may change .
The shocking state of public finances may at last drive through big structural reforms in Europe , especially to labour markets ( where huge resources have gone into protecting incumbents through the recession ) and welfare states ( which may mean more means - testing to exclude the middle classes who so often capture the system ) .
“ The Leopard ” offers another factor that helps to explain European complacency .
It teaches that living with decline is not always a question of denial : decline can be a seductive choice .
Don Fabrizio , Prince of Salina , sees his new rich neighbours snapping up parcels of land from destitute nobles , and knows that his own inheritance is going to ruin .
But his class is too proud to act to save itself .
He still has his palaces , along with a life of culture and elegance .
And his newly rich rivals aspire to his way of life , squeezing into tailcoats to ape his own evening dress , and marrying their daughters into his family .
You hear similar arguments from today 's European politicians : our rivals may be overtaking us but , across the Atlantic , the Americans are copying our health - care model ; and , in the other direction , the Chinese are intrigued by our welfare system .
So what , they ask , if Europe 's military might no longer makes the world quake : is it so terrible to be a peaceful , prosperous old continent ?
To which one answer is : it is a problem if your way of life is unsustainable .
And the fact that some of your finest achievements are aped by rivals does not make them sustainable .
A lot of ruin in a continent
Lampedusa 's hero hopes that his children , and perhaps his grandchildren , will also know his life of privilege .
But the novel 's author knows the end is much nearer .
He compares the prince 's estates to September swallows : filling all the trees around in seemingly limitless numbers , but in truth poised for sudden departure .
Don Fabrizio is also too tired to act .
Sicilians , he tells one would - be political reformer , are “ very old , ” and too “ exhausted ” for arguments about doing things well or badly .
For them , he says , the great sin is “ doing ” anything at all .
Today “ The Leopard ” is best - known for a single line : “ If we want things to stay as they are , things will have to change . ”
It is a fine line , but it is also one that can easily be misinterpreted .
Today 's European leaders talk about things changing , but in ways designed to appeal , all too often , to the side of Europe that is old , tired and anxious .
Buzzwords of the moment include a “ Europe that protects ” ( a phrase recently used by both President Nicolas Sarkozy of France and Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany ) .
It is a horribly defeatist slogan .
What about a Europe that makes its citizens strong , or one that equips them to compete ?
Europeans can live off their inherited wealth for a bit longer , and many still lead largely enviable lives .
There is much that is fine and even noble about Europe , including its ambitions to reduce social inequalities .
But Europe 's rivals are young and hungry .
The old continent should resist the allure of a genteel surrender .
Economist.com/blogs/charlemagne
Morphine is routinely used to relieve pain during and after cancer surgery Laboratory tests suggest morphine could in fact encourage the spread of cancer , for which it is routinely prescribed to relieve pain from surgery and tumours .
US scientists say the opiate promotes the growth of new blood vessels which deliver tumours oxygen and nutrients .
Speaking at a meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research in Boston , they also claim to have found a drug which counters this effect .
Cancer Research UK said more tests were needed before any changes in treatment .
Dr Patrick Singleton from the University of Chicago told the meeting of experts that in laboratory tests , morphine not only strengthened blood vessels but also appeared to make it easier for cancers to invade other tissues and spread .
But he said this could be overcome by a drug - methylnaltrexone or MNTX - developed in the 1980s to prevent morphine - related constipation but only recently approved in the US .
It appears to work without interfering with the pain - relieving properties of the opiate .
' Long history '
In mice with lung cancer , MNTX inhibited the apparent tumour - promoting effects of opiates , and reduced the spread of cancer in the mice by 90 % .
" If confirmed clinically , this could change how we do surgical anaesthesia for our cancer patients , " said Dr Singleton , assistant professor of medicine at the University of Chicago Medical Center and principal author of the research .
" It also suggests potential new applications for this novel class of drugs which should be explored . "
The tests were started after his colleague , anaesthetist Jonathan Moss , noted that several patients receiving this kind of opiate blocker survived longer than might be expected after surgery .
Dr Laura Bell of Cancer Research UK said the drugs had a long history of providing effective pain relief .
" Research in this area is in the early stages , so it 's too early to tell whether opiate - based painkillers have an effect on cancer growth .
" Much more research would be needed to justify changing the way opiates are used to treat people with cancer . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ / caption ]
Duane Hamacher a PhD student from Australia ’s Macquarie University found an ancient meteor impact crater in a remote location of the Northern Territory by searching Google Earth and following clues from an ancient dreamtime legend told by the indigenous Arrernte people .
Mr Hamacher reported to the Sydney Morning Herald and other Australian newspapers that the Arrernte people ’s legend about a star that fell into a waterhole called Puka in the valley where Kulaia , the serpent , lived – has led to the discovery of the ancient crater , which the research team he is part of propose to name Puka .
Guided by details of the story , Mr Hamacher searched an area about 130 km southwest of Alice Springs , in the Finke National Park on Google Earth .
He found what appeared to be a bowl - shaped depression .
His suspicions were confirmed when he visited the site with a team of geophysicists and astrophysicists , who found evidence that a popular tourist location in the national park called Palm Valley contains the remains of an ancient impact crater .
“ We found shocked quartz , which is only produced by a substantial impact and its presence in the rock samples and the morphology of the structure are the major indicators that Palm Valley is a crater , ” Mr Hamacher said .
The ancient landscape around Alice Springs has preserved several impact craters , notably Gosses Bluff Meteorite Impact Crater , which can be seen from the ISS and is thought to be the result of a bolide impact 145 million years ago .
Much more recent is the Henbury Meteorites field , a collection of over 13 small craters formed by a meteor breaking up before impact just over 4,000 years ago .
Several tonnes of iron - nickel meteorite have been recovered from this site .
And if you are wondering – Wolfe Creek crater , central to the plot of a misspelled Australian horror movie , is in Western Australia .
A date for the impact that caused the newly found Palm Valley crater has not been reported , but is certainly millions of years in the past .
Although the local people could not have observed the impact directly , Mr Hamacher proposes that their intimate knowledge of the land may have led them to surmise such a cause and to integrate this knowledge within their local dreamtime legends .
Mr Hamacher expects more impact craters may be found in this way .
“ We found stories with descriptions of cosmic impacts and meteorite falls related to places in Arnhem Land – we assume there are more meteorite craters out there and science does n’t even know about their existence yet , ” he said .
Mr Humacher is reported to be expecting to publish more details of this find in a future edition of Meteoritics and Planetary Science .
What Is a Right ?
by Andrew P. Napolitano by Andrew P. Napolitano Recently by Andrew P. Napolitano : ‘ Let There Be MONEY ’
In the continually harsh public discourse over the President ’s proposals for federally - managed healthcare , the Big Government progressives in both the Democratic and the Republican parties have been trying to trick us .
These folks , who really want the government to care for us from cradle to grave , have been promoting the idea that health care is a right .
In promoting that false premise , they have succeeded in moving the debate from WHETHER the feds should micro-manage health care to HOW the feds should micro-manage health care .
This is a false premise , and we should reject it .
Health care is not a right ; it is a good , like food , like shelter , and like clothing .
What is a right ?
A right is a gift from God that extends from our humanity .
Thinkers from St. Thomas Aquinas , to Thomas Jefferson , to the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , to Pope John Paul II have all argued that our rights are a natural part of our humanity .
We own our bodies , thus we own the gifts that emanate from our bodies .
So , our right to life , our right to develop our personalities , our right to think as we wish , to say what we think , to publish what we say , our right to worship or not worship , our right to travel , to defend ourselves , to use our own property as we see fit , our right to due process — fairness — from the government , and our right to be left alone , are all rights that stem from our humanity .
These are natural rights that we are born with .
The government does n’t give them to us and the government does n’t pay for them and the government can’t take them away , unless a jury finds that we have violated someone else ’s rights .
What is a good ?
A good is something we want or need .
In a sense , it is the opposite of a right .
We have our rights from birth , but we need our parents when we are children and we need ourselves as adults to purchase the goods we require for existence .
So , food is a good , shelter is a good , clothing is a good , education is a good , a car is a good , legal representation is a good , working out at a gym is a good , and access to health care is a good .
Does the government give us goods ?
Well , sometimes it takes money from some of us and gives that money to others .
You can call that taxation or you can call it theft ; but you can not call it a right .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
A right stems from our humanity .
A good is something you buy or someone else buys for you .
Now , when you look at health care for what it is , when you look at the US Constitution , when you look at the history of human freedom , when you accept the American value of the primacy of the individual over the fleeting wishes of the government , it becomes apparent that those who claim that healthcare is a right simply want to extend a form of government welfare .
When I make this argument to my Big Government friends , they come back at me with …well , if people do n’t have health insurance , they will just go to hospitals and we will end up paying for them anyway .
Why should that be ?
We do n’t let people steal food from a supermarket or an apartment from a landlord or clothing from a local shop .
Why do we let them take healthcare from a hospital without paying for it ?
Well , my Big Government friends contend , that ’s charity .
The Best of Andrew P. Napolitano
When a woman chooses to let her pubic hair grow out fully , to not trim it or shape it in any way .
It is based on a paragraph edited out Sarah Palin 's book of the same name where she let it slip that she has never trimmed her pubic hair because it helps her to stay warm in those long Alaskan winters .
The natural funk scent build - up it also rumored to scare away bears and wolves .
Inquiring minds are noting another city has been driven to bankruptcy because of pension promises that cannot possibly be met .
Please consider Prichard Alabama Files For Bankruptcy .
Prichard Mayor Ron Davis released the following statement Wednesday morning :
“ I have looked at every opportunity available to obtain money to help fund the retirement plan for the City of Prichard .
After careful review of all of our options , bankruptcy protection seems to be the only solution left at this time .
Over the past 50 years , the pension plan was amended by the Legislature more than fifteen times , and always the economic burden on the City was increased .
This has been a long term problem that was unfortunately inherited by this administration .
After several lawsuits filed by pensioners , it has forced us to come to this decision , one that will protect the city and its residents .
I hope that a solution can soon be found that will be fair to all .
As Mayor , it is my duty to make sure that the City of Prichard continues to move forward by providing essential municipal services and to operate for the benefit of its citizens . ”
Commuter Strike in Philadelphia
Tue , Nov. 3 , 2009
Hundreds of thousands of commuters scrambled this morning to find a way to work or school after SEPTA 's largest union staged a surprise predawn strike , shutting down all subway , bus and trolley service in the city .
The walkout by Transport Workers Union Local 243 , which began at 3 a.m. and caught commuters off guard , also affected Frontier Division buses in Bucks , Montgomery , and Chester counties .
The walkout even caught some members of the striking union unaware .
Sly Wagner , a train operator for 17 years , showed up at the Fern Rock station ready to go to work .
" I 'm like everybody else , " he said .
" The only way I found out was when I went to the station and the gates were locked . "
In the end , it was a difference over wages that sparked the walkout .
Earlier Monday , transit officials disclosed that both sides had reached a tentative agreement on health care and were reportedly close on wages .
" Nobody wants to leave something on the table , " U.S. Rep .
Bob Brady , who had been involved in the negotiations since last week , said during yesterday evening 's break .
But union president Willie Brown , in a telephone interview , painted a different picture early today .
" They would n't provide the proper numbers " during negotiations , Brown said .
" When it comes right down to it , they 've underfunded our pension for years . "
Governor Rendell said the union chose to walk away from an " excellent " contract offer that includes 11 percent in wage increases over five years , and 11 percent increase in pension contributions , and no increases in workers ' contribution for health care .
" Think about that , " Rendell said .
" Whose pension has been increased in this day and age ? "
SEPTA 's 5,100 unionized bus drivers , subway and trolley operators earn from $ 14.54 to $ 24.24 an hour , reaching the top rate after four years .
Mechanics earn $ 14.40 to $ 27.59 an hour .
Lorain Ohio Budget Woes
As many as 39 employees could be laid off if Lorain city unions do not agree to take a 7 percent pay cut or City Council does not find ways to quickly bring cash into the city .
Mayor Anthony Krasienko's administration sent letters to bargaining unit presidents Wednesday afternoon asking them to consider pay cuts in order to avoid layoffs .
Layoff notices will be sent Monday if the units decline to accept the pay cut .
The layoffs will most likely be made based on seniority , according to the administration .
The Lorain Ohio Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association Telecommunications and Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 3 declined to take a pay cut .
The International Association of Firefighters Local 267 will not even respond to the request , union president Jonathon George said .
" As far as Local 267 is concerned , we are currently under an agreement that prohibits the city from laying off any of our members , " George said .
" Therefore , there is no need for us to entertain , much less respond to , any threats of such action from the administration .
Until written notification of the city 's intention to opt out of the current agreement is received , it would be inappropriate to enter into any discussions of layoffs for the remainder of 2009 . "
Buddy Sivert , president of FOP Lodge 3 , said the city improperly asked his group to take a pay cut and he will not take the request to his membership .
Instead , he said he hopes City Council will find ways to generate the income necessary to keep the police force at its current level .
Houston Is Bankrupt
Gambling Over Pensions
In Oregon
A financial investment that has helped fill gaps in pension funding since 2002 quickly turned sour with the stock market 's misfortunes last year , losing $ 1.9 billion for nearly 140 government agencies in the state , according to a Statesman Journal analysis .
The investment strategy called for selling bonds and investing the proceeds .
It was backed by the financial companies that stood to profit from the investment move .
That financial gamble might force school districts , cities and counties to consider layoffs or service cuts in 2011 , when pension contribution rates reset .
That amount will reflect 2008 - 09 investment returns , including 27 percent losses in 2008 .
In 2001 and 2002 , state legislators passed laws that essentially allowed , for the first time in Oregon , the majority of public agencies to " refinance " their pension obligations by making a financial move called arbitrage .
Here 's how arbitrage play works : Cities , counties and school districts took advantage of low interest rates at the time and issued pension bonds .
They then deposited bond proceeds into " side accounts " with the state pension system .
The side account created a way to invest bond proceeds with other pension assets in the investment portfolio .
If the rate of return on the investments ( say , 8 percent ) is higher than the bond interest rate ( say , 5 percent ) , the agency makes money on the difference ( in this example , 3 percent ) .
That translates into a savings to an agency 's pension costs , as the difference helps an agency pay its pension contributions .
PERS , Oregon 's Public Employees Retirement System , aims to earn 8 percent return on its investments .
Historically , pension investments earned 10.25 percent from 1970 to 2008 , said PERS actuarial - services manager Dale Orr .
Since 2002 , agencies have issued pension bonds with interest rates of 4.7 percent to 7 percent , according to a Statesman Journal analysis of bonds issued in Oregon .
A handful of agencies issued bonds with a 7 percent interest rate , according to bond data from the state treasurer 's office — a smaller margin than most for the arbitrage play .
" If everything goes right … but of course , there 's risk , " Orr said .
" There is risk that our portfolio wo n't earn 8 percent . "
' Caught up in the … mania '
In Oregon , more than 90 percent of the 140 agencies that issued pension bonds did so from 2002 to 2005 , according to a Statesman Journal analysis of pension bonds in Oregon .
The time frame is significant because it coincides with the housing market boom , Thoma said .
" There 's an exact parallel , " Thoma said .
" It 's the same things that were happening in housing : People were convinced that there were these riskless ways to make money .
It turns out it was n't risk - free .
People wanted to believe that housing prices would always go up .
They wanted to believe that this time was different . "
' Looming crisis '
In a year , the economy unraveled and the arbitrage play showed signs of running into problems .
The housing boom busted .
Financial giants failed .
Lending tightened and borrowing stalled .
Investments nose - dived .
Unemployment soared .
As a result of one investment year , Oregon 's unfunded actuarial liability in the pension system skyrocketed .
In 2008 , pension investments lost 27 percent , the largest loss in the agency 's history .
" Our investment strategies are for the long term , and we recognize that the market is going to be volatile , " Orr said .
" Twenty - seven percent is a lot to try and recoup .
Most likely , it will not be recouped in one year or even two years . "
Borrowing Money At 5 - 7 % Betting On The Stock Market Is Madness
Expect More City Bankruptcies
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A gibbon dating agency is helping to reintroduce once captive apes into the forests of southeast Asia .
Unusually among apes , a male and female gibbon will mate and remain faithful to one another for life , reaffirming their bond with complex mating songs .
But across southeast Asia , gibbons are captured and illegally held as pets .
Now one conservationist is returning these apes to the wild , by first rescuing them , and then using his match - making skills to pair them up .
The story of the gibbon - dating agency is told by the programme " Radio Gibbon " , broadcast as part of the BBC wildlife series " Natural World " .
The agency is run by Chanee Brule , a 29 - year - old Frenchman who fell in love with gibbons after seeing them in a zoo as a child .
Brule runs a sanctuary in Kalimantan
He studied the apes from a young age , producing a guide to their captive care aged 13 .
Today , he runs a gibbon sanctuary in a region of Borneo called Kalimantan .
At the sanctuary , Brule has broken with convention in more ways than one .
Firstly , he broadcasts a radio station from it , Radio Kalaweit , which has been dubbed " Radio Gibbon " .
By playing vibrant pop music , he has acquired an active audience of young people in the region , which he also educates about ape conservation .
As a result , he receives a significant number of tip offs about gibbons that are being illegally held as pets , or have been abandoned by their owners .
Brule and his team rescue these apes , caring for them at the sanctuary .
But that is only the start of the work .
Rehabilitated gibbons cannot be returned alone into the wild , as they will be attacked by other pairs defending their territory .
Chanee Brule broadcasts ' Radio Gibbon '
So Brule attempts to pair up gibbons at the sanctuary , by match - making rescued apes .
" You ca n't put one male and one female in one cage and know for sure it will be a good pair , " he says .
" You need to find the right character , the right gibbon with the right partner . "
In particular , says Brule , one gibbon tends to dominate within each pair , and the dominant partner can be either the male or female .
" If both gibbons do n't want to be dominated they will fight until one dies , " he says .
So they attempt partnerships between a more dominant and less dominant character .
These pairs are then released into the forest together .
In the programme , Brule releases two siamangs together onto the island of Marak off the coast of Sumatra , where he is setting up a new sanctuary .
Gibbons are among the most endangered of all apes , living in tropical and sub-tropical forest in and around India and China , including the islands of Borneo , Java and Sumatra .
Baby gibbons are raised at the sanctuary
The belong to the small apes , which include four genera of gibbon and the siamang .
The great apes include gorillas , chimps and orangutans .
All 16 gibbon species are under threat , with 15 classed as endangered and four of them critically so .
The apes are threatened by habitat loss caused by deforestation , much to make way for palm oil plantations , and by poaching , with animals being stolen for the pet trade .
Brule 's work is partly funded by the International Primate Protection League , a worldwide charity headquartered in Summerville , South Carolina , US .
" Radio Gibbon " will be broadcast on BBC Two at 2100GMT on Thursday 10 December as part of the BBC Natural World documentary series .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The aughts been a good decade for Malcolm Gladwell .
The reigning king of urban intellectuals has never not had a book among the New York Times 's top 10 bestsellers since his first book , The Tipping Point , debuted in 2000 .
( Currently , he has four . )
With so much success , of course , invariably come brickbats .
The latest volley of slings and arrows has arrived from the direction of Steven Pinker , the Harvard psychology professor who , reviewing Gladwell 's book What the Dog Saw in the New York Times Book Review last month , declared that the author " unwittingly demonstrates the hazards of statistical reasoning and ... occasionally blunders into spectacular failures . "
As someone who has just published a somewhat Gladwellian tome myself , I have a somewhat different perspective .
The problem , I 've discovered , is n't just that Gladwell is wrong .
It 's that his formulations are so darn sticky .
I stumbled upon this realization when , last year , I began writing my book , Extreme Fear : The Science of Your Mind in Danger .
In the course of my research I delved into all the major manifestations of the emotion , including the phenomenon of athletes choking on the playing field .
Gladwell , I already knew , had famously dealt with the subject in a 2000 New Yorker article entitled " The Art of Failure . "
He summed up the topic with breathtaking concision .
Choking , he declared , is the opposite of panic .
" Choking is about thinking too much , " he wrote .
" Panic is about thinking too little . "
It was the epitome of a Gladwellian idea : counterintuitive , startling , yet immediately graspable .
In other words , sticky -- the supreme attribute for a successful meme .
And thus it spread .
Read anything about choking in the popular press these days and you 'll likely get the Gladwell line .
Here 's Jonah Lehrer , writing in his book How We Decide : " Choking is actually triggered by a specific mental mistake : thinking too much . "
( Italics his . )
And here 's John Paul Newport , writing this February in the Wall Street Journal : " Choking ... is essentially the opposite of panic . "
The only problem is that , from a neuroscientific perspective , Gladwell 's " choking is the opposite of panic " does n't make any sense .
It 's like saying " dogs are the opposite of cats " - a stimulating proposition , perhaps , but logically unparsable .
Meanwhile , as it happens , a great deal of fascinating research has gone into figuring out how choking actually works .
The phenomenon is an expression of a specifically social kind of , a variety of performance related to , , and the " bladder " syndrome familiar to men at airport urinals .
It has nothing to do with a negation or undersupply of panic .
Okay , so who cares ?
If half the United States is walking around with the erroneous notion that they are in possession of a really nifty insight into the nature of choking , so be it .
No harm , no foul .
But some bogus are less innocent .
One of the chapters in Gladwell 's second book , Blink , concerns the work of the University of California psychologist Paul Ekman , a man who , according to Gladwell , has mastered the secret of lie detection .
Thanks to a combination of innate skill and scientific savvy , Ekman has supposedly trained himself to detect fleeting " micro-expressions " on a liar 's face and so can determine their true emotional state with stunning accuracy .
It was the best chapter of the book , maybe the best chapter Gladwell has ever written .
When Universal Studios paid $ 1 million for the movie rights to Blink , this was the part they really wanted ; when the deal was inked , the studio announced that Steven Gaghan was attached to the project to write and direct , and Leonardo DiCaprio would star as an Ekman - like character .
That film is still gestating , but meanwhile the Gladwell / Ekman juggernaut has already steamrollered across the public consciousness through the Fox TV show " Lie to Me , " currently in its second season .
In the show , Tim Roth stars as Dr. Cal Lightman , the protagonist with Ekman - type powers .
The real Ekman serves as a script adviser to the show and writes about each episode on his blog .
The chapter 's most profound impact played out not on the screen but in the real world , when the Department of Homeland Security enlisted Ekman , soon after Blink 's publication , to help implement a project to detect would - be terrorists in airports around the country .
Called " Screening Passengers by Observation Technique , " or SPOT , the program debuted in December , 2005 .
By 2008 , TSA officers were pulling aside nearly 100,000 passengers a year for screening .
( Of those , fewer than one percent were eventually arrested , and the TSA wo n't say how many were convicted . )
You might think , given Ekman 's cultural ubiquity , that his discoveries on the subject of have laid the groundwork for a whole sub - field of research psychology .
On the contrary .
In fact , it has been well established by peer - reviewed studies that , Ekman 's claims notwithstanding , no person can reliably tell whether or not another human being is lying simply by looking at them .
" It 's hokum , " says Yale psychologist Charles A. Morgan III .
So SPOT , it turns out , was a $ 3 - million - a - year waste of taxpayer money .
So " Lie to Me " is scarcely more scientifically grounded than " Ghost Whisperer . "
Well , okay .
Dumb TV shows and wasteful government programs are nothing new .
What 's really disturbing , though , is that once Gladwell had granted Ekman his intellectual seal of approval , no one in the popular media was willing or able to point out that the good professor 's claims were spurious .
For four years .
That 's the problem of Gladwell in a nutshell .
He 's masterful at brewing up memes so potent that they travel far beyond the realm of where the mere modest truth would go .
They spread .
And they stick .
And having stuck , they proceed to affect the decisions that people make , the policies they implement , the laws that they pass .
A normal person , when he is wrong , adds a little drop of erroneousness in the great sea of human conversation .
Gladwell , when he is wrong , creates a tsunami of wrong .
And it just goes on and on .
Belgravia Escorts
Belle
Savanah
Megαn
Serina
Diane
Belgravia is an area in central London that has been home to a fair few famous people .
From authors like Ian Fleming and Mary Shelley to musicians like Mozart to actors like Sean Connery , it ’s clear that Belgravia caters for the tastes of the more refined .
However , it caters for these tastes in a strictly residential sense .
Including some houses that rank among the most expensive in the world , it is quite an exclusive place .
After living in a posh area and living life by high standards , the residents of Belgravia expect nothing but the most exceptional service from their escorts , which is why the escorts in Belgravia are known for being able to please those with even the most towering standards .
Belgravia may be residentially exclusive , but its exclusivity ends there , because although Belgravia escorts might be pursued and employed by notable residents , they remain open minded and down to earth .
Whatever background you come from , everyone can appreciate the quality of our girls .
Due to the residential aspect of Belgravia , there is little to do or places for visitors to stay .
But should you hire an escort Belgravia suddenly takes on an exciting new tone .
Many visit Belgravia just to hire an escort to take with them out deeper into central London , a place easily accessed from Belgravia .
Easily some of the most attractive women in London , every single one of the escorts Belgravia offers will guarantee you the night of your life .
So even if you do n’t live at one of the huge Victorian houses lining the roads , you , like many a London resident or visitor , might find yourself lured towards the place , intrigued by the sheer scope of beautiful women populating it .
One sure method of discovering an aspect of how it feels to be rich and famous is to indulge in the pursuits of the rich and famous , and hiring a beautiful Belgravia escort will give you some insight into the high standards held by residents of the area , as these girls are smart , seductive and some of the most stunning in the city .
Sexual harassment in Egyptian cities has become an disturbing phenomenon of late .
It recently became associated with feast holidays , where thousands enjoy spending their free time outdoors .
Younger generations face less - strict scrutiny from their parents , who tend to allow their daughters to go out without parental supervision during feasts .
Police security is usually softer than it is throughout the rest of the year .
The Egyptian media reported that about 300 cases of sexual harassment against women occurred over the recent Adha holiday .
The cases , which the Interior Ministry would not confirm or deny , varied from verbal taunts to assaults .
Al Destour newspaper said the number of incidents was higher than what was reported during the Fitr feast in September .
Culling sheep for charity donations , spending time with families , going out for long walks in parks until early hours in the morning have all been signs of celebrating the Adha and Fitr holy feasts in Egypt , but another more troubling pastime has arisen in recent years : sexual harassment .
The biggest incident came during last year 's Fitr , when 150 men and boys were arrested for going on a harassing spree in the streets of Mohandeseen in Cairo .
A few of the defendants , who assaulted girls and cut their clothes , were taken to court and one was sentenced to a year in jail .
The number of harassment cases during the feasts echoes a study carried out by the Egyptian Center for Women 's Rights ( ECWR ) last July , showing that 83 % of Egyptian women and 98 % of foreign females residing in the country reported being harassed .
Egypt 's penal code sets imprisonment punishments for anyone who sexually assaults minors , but many assaulted women have seen their cases blocked as judges and prosecutors blamed similar incidents on the " provocative " way some girls are dressed .
But the ECWR 's study refutes such allegations , saying that 71.5 % of women who reported sexual harassment were wearing veils ( head scarves ) and non-revealing clothes , and 19.6 % of them were even wearing niqabs ( face veils ) .
There are indications the courts are growing less tolerant of sexual harassment .
In a landmark case in October 2008 , a man was sentenced to three years of hard labor for reaching out his truck window and groping Noha Rushdi Saleh , a documentary filmmaker .
The harassment issue is believed to be related to some religious and economic aspects in Egypt .
Premarital sex and dating are forbidden by the Islam , and with the country 's tough financial times , millions can't afford to get married .
Mistrust of the government and a sense of powerlessness has caused widespread disenchantment , especially for a young generation of men with limited opportunities .
" Our young boys do n't have anything to fill their lives except TV and the internet .
Now we have this problem of late marriage .
When you combine it all , you will have social problems like harassment , " says philosophy professor and former dean of Al Azhra University Amna Nosseir .
-- Amro Hassan in Cairo
Photo : Foreign women are particularly prone to sexual harassment in Egypt.
Credit : Getty Images
This year ’s Leonid meteor shower peaks on Tuesday , Nov. 17th .
If forecasters are correct , the shower should produce a mild but pretty sprinkling of meteors over North America followed by a more intense outburst over Asia .
The phase of the Moon will be new , setting the stage for what could be one of the best Leonid showers in years .
“ We ’re predicting 20 to 30 meteors per hour over the Americas , and as many as 200 to 300 per hour over Asia , ” says Bill Cooke of NASA ’s Meteoroid Environment Office .
“ Our forecast is in good accord with independent theoretical work by other astronomers . ” ( 1 )
Leonids are bits of debris from Comet Tempel - Tuttle .
Every 33 years the comet visits the inner solar system and leaves a stream of dusty debris in its wake .
Many of these streams have drifted across the November portion of Earth ’s orbit .
Whenever we hit one , meteors come flying out of the constellation Leo .
“ We can predict when Earth will cross a debris stream with pretty good accuracy , ” says Cooke .
“ The intensity of the display is less certain , though , because we do n’t know how much debris is in each stream . ”
Caveat observer !
The first stream crossing on Nov. 17th comes around 0900 UT ( 4 a.m. EST , 1 a.m. PST ) .
The debris is a diffuse mix of particles from several old streams that should produce a gentle display of two to three dozen meteors per hour over North America .
Dark skies are recommended for full effect .
“ A remarkable feature of this year ’s shower is that Leonids will appear to be shooting almost directly out of the planet Mars , ” notes Cooke .
It ’s just a coincidence .
This year , Mars happens to be passing by the Leonid radiant at the time of the shower .
The Red Planet is almost twice as bright as a first magnitude star , so it makes an eye - catching companion for the Leonids : sky map .
The next stream crossing straddles the hour 2100 - 2200 UT , shortly before dawn in Indonesia and China .
At that time , Earth will pass through a pair of streams laid down by Comet Tempel - Tuttle in 1466 and 1533 AD .
The double crossing could yield as many as 300 Leonids per hour .
“ Even if rates are only half that number , it would still be one of the best showers of the year , ” says Cooke .
The Leonids are famous for storming , most recently in 1999 - 2002 when deep crossings of Tempel - Tuttle ’s debris streams produced outbursts of more than 1000 meteors per hour .
The Leonids of 2009 wo n’t be like that , but it only takes one bright Leonid streaking past Mars to make the night worthwhile .
Enjoy the show .
(1) Leonid forecasters use computer models to track the location of debris from Comet Tempel - Tuttle and to predict Leonid meteor rates when Earth crosses one of the debris fields .
That is the basis for Cooke ’s predictions .
Here are some others : J©r©mie Vaubaillon of the Institut de Mecanique et de Calcul des Ephemerides in France predicts 25 meteors per hour over North America and ~200 per hour over Asia .
Another forecaster with a proven track record , Mikhail Maslov of Russia , predicts 20 to 30 meteors per hour over North American and as many as 140 per hour over Asia .
Earlier predictions ( http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2008/04dec_leonids2009.htm) of a “ half - storm ” of 500 + meteors / hr over Asia have been downgraded .
By Dr. Tony Phillips , Science @ NASA
—
Image 1 : A Leonid meteor at dawn , photographed in 2002 by Simon Filiatrault of Quebec , Canada .
Image 2 : This side of Earth will be facing the Leonid debris stream at the time of the Nov. 17th outburst .
Observers in India , China and Indonesia are favored with dark , pre-dawn skies .
Image credit : Danielle Moser of the NASA Meteoroid Environment Office .
—
On the Net :
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. healthcare system is just as wasteful as President Barack Obama says it is , and proposed reforms could be paid for by fixing some of the most obvious inefficiencies , preventing mistakes and fighting fraud , according to a Thomson Reuters report released on Monday .
The U.S. healthcare system wastes between $ 505 billion and $ 850 billion every year , the report from Robert Kelley , vice president of healthcare analytics at Thomson Reuters , found .
“ America ’s healthcare system is indeed hemorrhaging billions of dollars , and the opportunities to slow the fiscal bleeding are substantial , ” the report reads .
“ The bad news is that an estimated $ 700 billion is wasted annually .
That ’s one - third of the nation ’s healthcare bill , ” Kelley said in a statement .
“ The good news is that by attacking waste we can reduce healthcare costs without adversely affecting the quality of care or access to care . ”
One example -- a paper - based system that discourages sharing of medical records accounts for 6 percent of annual overspending .
“ It is waste when caregivers duplicate tests because results recorded in a patient ’s record with one provider are not available to another or when medical staff provides inappropriate treatment because relevant history of previous treatment cannot be accessed , ” the report reads .
Rulour Torio , M.D. ( L ) examines Pabitra Timsina , ( R ) a refugee from Bhutan , at the El Franco Lee Health Center in Houston , Texas , July 28 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jessica Rinaldi
Some other findings in the report from Thomson Reuters , the parent company of Reuters :
* Unnecessary care such as the overuse of antibiotics and lab tests to protect against malpractice exposure makes up 37 percent of healthcare waste or $ 200 to $ 300 billion a year .
* Fraud makes up 22 percent of healthcare waste , or up to $ 200 billion a year in fraudulent Medicare claims , kickbacks for referrals for unnecessary services and other scams .
* Administrative inefficiency and redundant paperwork account for 18 percent of healthcare waste .
* Medical mistakes account for $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion in unnecessary spending each year , or 11 percent of the total .
* Preventable conditions such as uncontrolled diabetes cost $ 30 billion to $ 50 billion a year .
“ The average U.S. hospital spends one - quarter of its budget on billing and administration , nearly twice the average in Canada , ” reads the report , citing dozens of other research papers .
“ American physicians spend nearly eight hours per week on paperwork and employ 1.66 clerical workers per doctor , far more than in Canada , ” it says , quoting a 2003 New England Journal of Medicine paper by Harvard University researcher Dr. Steffie Woolhandler .
Yet primary care doctors are lacking , forcing wasteful use of emergency rooms , for instance , the report reads .
All this could help explain why Americans spend more per capita and the highest percentage of GDP on healthcare than any other OECD country , yet has an unhealthier population with more diabetes , obesity and heart disease and higher rates of neonatal deaths than other developed nations .
Democratic Senator Charles Schumer said on Sunday that Senate Democratic leaders are close to securing enough votes to pass legislation to start reform of the country ’s $ 2.5 trillion healthcare system .
Observers were able to accurately judge some aspects of a stranger 's personality from looking at photographs , according to a study in the current issue of Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin ( PSBP ) , the official monthly journal of the Society for Personality and Social Psychology .
Self - esteem , ratings of extraversion and religiosity were correctly judged from physical appearance .
Researchers asked participants to assess the personalities of strangers based first on a photograph posed to the researchers ' specifications and then on a photograph posed the way the subject chose .
Those judgments were then compared with how the person and acquaintances rated that individual 's personality .
They found that while both poses provided participants with accurate cues about personality , the spontaneous pose showed more insight , including about the subject 's agreeableness , emotional stability , openness , likability , and loneliness .
The study suggested that physical appearance alone can send signals about their true personality .
" As we predicted , physical appearance serves as a channel through which personality is manifested , " write authors Laura P. Naumann , University of California , Berkeley , Simine Vazire , Washington University in St. Louis , Peter J. Rentfrow , University of Cambridge , Samuel D. Gosling , University of Texas at Austin .
" By using full - body photographs and examining a broad range of traits , we identified domains of accuracy that have been overlooked , leading to the conclusion that physical appearance may play a more important role in personality judgment than previously thought . "
More information : " Personality Judgments Based on Physical Appearance " published by SAGE in Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin ( PSPB ) is available free of charge for a limited time at psp.sagepub.com/cgi/reprint/35/12/1661
Source : SAGE Publications
Explore further First impressions count when making personality judgments , new research shows
Second - generation biofuels such as algae could help green our future ( Image : Volker Steger / SPL )
IT ’S crunch time .
Two years ago in a huge conference hall in Bali , after a marathon negotiating session that left some delegates in tears , envoys from 192 nations set themselves a deadline of 2009 .
The task in question ?
To come up with a way of extending the essence of the Kyoto protocol beyond 2012 .
The final stages of this process kicked off in Copenhagen , Denmark , on Monday .
Delegates now have until 18 December to deliver .
We know that the summit wo n’t provide a legally binding “ Copenhagen protocol ” . …
WASHINGTON - Forget too big to fail .
In the eyes of federal
regulators , many Wall Street firms are too big to punish .
During the past three years , some of the nation 's largest financial
firms have been accused by the government of cheating or misleading
clients and ripping off tens of thousands of consumers of their
investments .
Despite
these findings , these financial giants got , sometimes repeatedly ,
special exemptions from the Securities and Exchange Commission that
have saved them from a regulatory death penalty that could have
decimated their lucrative mutual fund businesses .
Among
the more than a dozen firms that have gotten these SEC get - out - of - jail
cards since January 2007 are some of Wall Street 's biggest , including
Bank of America , Citigroup and American International Group .
SEC
rules permit corporate lawbreakers to apply for what are known as
Section 9 ( c ) waivers from one of the agency 's harshest penalties -
effectively shuttering the violator 's mutual fund operations - but
regulators never rejected any of these firms ' applications .
While the
firms were punished in other ways , they were spared from what some
claimed would be " severe and irreparable hardships . "
In fact , the
last time the SEC 's staff could recall a waiver being turned down was
1978 .
The SEC declined to comment in detail on its decisions , however .
Despite
the massive securities frauds of the past decade , the SEC is coming off
a period of stagnant enforcement .
The Government Accountability Office ,
Congress ' investigative arm , reported this year that SEC enforcement
workers have felt overwhelmed by their caseloads and undermined by SEC
leaders hesitant to levy heavy punishment .
The waivers typically
are part of the settlements the commission negotiates with companies
caught violating federal law .
Securities experts think companies
would n't apply for waivers if they did n't think their applications
would be granted .
At the same time , the fact that the SEC could someday
deny one is a major weapon in its arsenal , experts said .
The
infractions that led to the waiver applications raided Americans '
pocketbooks and savings accounts .
Some cases involved money that
thousands of citizens had invested based on the advice of their trusted
financial advisers to pay tuition bills , make down payments on houses
or cope with routine monthly expenses .
Small business owners had
money they were counting on to pay their employees frozen by their
bankers , and even bigger companies such as KV Pharmaceutical were n't
immune .
The St. Louis drug maker was forced to eliminate 700 jobs this
year , in part because some of its investments went sour .
McClatchy's
review of recent waiver applications also found that the SEC has
granted exemptions to the same firms more than once , once after a firm
committed the same violation of law , and the agency even approved one
for a company that misled the SEC in its application .
Indeed ,
granting these waivers has become so routine that different firms use
identical language , culled from a 1940 congressional hearing , to argue
for unrelated exemptions .
Underpinning its decision not to levy
the penalties provided by the Investment Company Act of 1940 , the SEC
essentially has accepted the Wall Street firms ' argument that they 're
too big and too complex to be subject to a law that was written almost
70 years ago .
Earlier this year , for example , the SEC said a
division of E - Trade Financial had been slicing tiny amounts of money
off " tens of thousands " of stock trades , using tactics such as " trading
ahead " of customers .
That means that even when a customer had placed an
order to buy or sell stocks , E - Trade executed its own trade for the
same stock first , denying the customer the best price .
The SEC
calculated that E - Trade had cost its customers $ 28.3 million .
While not
admitting guilt , E - Trade settled the case in U.S. District Court in New
York and agreed to pay $ 34 million in penalties .
In March ,
E - Trade applied for a Section 9 waiver .
Without it , the company said ,
its in - house mutual fund operation could have been decimated ,
potentially causing customers " severe and irreparable hardships . "
It
also said that it needed exemption from punishment that " could disrupt
investment strategies , " " frustrate efforts to manage effectively the
funds ' assets , " and increase the costs to people who owned them ,
E - Trade said .
More than 1,500 employees could be affected .
Eight days later , the SEC indicated that it would grant the request .
Two
weeks after that , E - Trade closed the very mutual funds at issue -
harming the very customers it told the SEC it was trying to help .
In
fact , at the same time E - Trade was asking the SEC to help it save those
funds , the company had already filed notice elsewhere at the SEC that
it was planning to close them , SEC records show .
At the time E - Trade
asked for its waiver , most of the funds could n't even be purchased any
more .
The waiver still helps E - Trade because it could allow the
company to restart its mutual funds .
E - Trade had no comment on its
actions .
Sometimes , " permanent " in SEC enforcement parlance has proved to be a temporary thing .
In
2003 , Citigroup settled a case after the SEC accused it of manipulating
stock market research .
The settlement " permanently restrained and
enjoined " Citigroup from violating a specific section of federal
securities law .
Then in 2006 , the SEC cited Citigroup and other
firms for improperly marketing " auction rate securities , " bonds issued
by municipalities , student loan entities and corporations .
The agency
censured Citigroup and fined it $ 1.5 million , and Citigroup promised to
clean up its sales practices .
The SEC indicated that was good enough :
In its attempt to deter more lawbreaking , the SEC declared , " this
settlement is appropriate . "
Two years later , however , Citigroup
was back under SEC scrutiny .
This time , the SEC said the firm had
improperly marketed auction rate securities , violating the same section
of law at issue in 2003 .
Citigroup again settled with the SEC ,
and while not admitting the allegations , it again agreed to not violate
that key federal securities law .
It was one of those auction rate investments that went sour on KV Pharmaceutical .
Citigroup
first approached the firm in 2005 to invest in the securities , pitching
them as safe and dependable - perfect for KV 's needs .
When the market
started souring in 2007 , however , Citigroup never passed those concerns
on to KV , according to a lawsuit the drugmaker eventually filed in
federal court .
KV bought $ 10.7 million in the securities , then
another $ 16.9 million .
And it kept right on buying them , long after
Citigroup traders were receiving e-mails like this one intended to
boost sales : " Hit all bids . . .
Times like these , we need to do
whatever is necessary .
Just make sure all hands are on deck and paper
is sold , " according to court records .
KV , in its lawsuit , said
Citigroup " put its economic interests before KV's " in an effort to save
Citigroup 's own faltering finances .
All along , KV said , it was assured
there was nothing to worry about .
The auction rate securities market failed in February 2008 , and KV was left holding more than $ 70 million it could n't spend .
While
the settlements the SEC negotiated with Citigroup and other banks could
make some customers whole , it did n't help KV in time .
In February ,
facing a cash crunch , it said it was cutting 700 jobs , due in part to
its auction rate problems .
Its lawsuit is pending ; neither KV nor Citigroup would comment .
Meanwhile , Citigroup filed its application for a waiver , and the SEC granted it .
In
theory , securities law allows the SEC to levy heavier fines or extract
greater punishment from companies that violate their previous
" permanent " injunctions .
" The SEC has a miserable record of
policing and keeping track of recidivism even of prior violations , "
said James Cox , a Duke University law professor and an expert on
financial regulation .
" I think it 's not uncommon and I think it 's a
problem . "
MORE FROM MCCLATCHY
How Goldman secretly bet on the U.S. housing crash
How Moody 's sold its ratings - and sold out investors
Why have n't any Wall Street tycoons been sent to the slammer ?
This style has never been more evident than in his decision to expand the war in Afghanistan .
America traditionally fights its wars in a spirit of moral fervor .
Most war presidents cast themselves as heroes on a white charger , believing that no one heeds an uncertain trumpet .
Obama , on the other hand , cloaked himself in what you might call Niebuhrian modesty .
His decision to expand the war is the most morally consequential one of his presidency so far , yet as the moral stakes rose , Obama ’s emotional temperature cooled to just above freezing .
He spoke Tuesday night in the manner of an unwilling volunteer , balancing the arguments within his administration by leading the country deeper in while pointing the way out .
Despite the ambivalence , he did act .
This is not mishmash .
With his two surges , Obama will more than double the number of American troops in Afghanistan .
As Andrew Ferguson of The Weekly Standard pointed out , he is the first Democratic president in 40 years to deploy a significant number of troops into a war zone .
Those new troops are not themselves a strategy ; they are enablers of an evolving strategy .
Over the next year , there will be disasters , errors and surprises  as in all wars .
But the generals will have more resources with which to cope and respond .
If the generals continue to find that stationing troops in the villages of Helmand Province leads to the revival of Afghan society , they will have the troops to do more of that .
If they continue to find that order can be maintained only if social development accompanies military action , they will have more troops for that .
We have no way of knowing now how those troops will end up being used .
And we have no clue if it will be wise to withdraw them in July 2011 .
The advantage of the Obama governing style is that his argument - based organization is a learning organization .
Amid the torrent of memos and evidence and dispute , the Obama administration is able to adjust and respond more quickly than , say , the Bush administration ever did .
The disadvantage is the tendency to bureaucratize the war .
Armed conflict is about morale , motivation , honor , fear and breaking the enemy ’s will .
The danger is that Obama ’s analytic mode will neglect the intangibles that are the essence of the fight .
It will fail to inspire and comfort .
Soldiers and Marines do n’t have the luxury of adopting President Obama ’s calibrated stance since they are being asked to potentially sacrifice everything .
Barring a scientific breakthrough , we ca n’t merge Obama ’s analysis with George Bush ’s passion .
But we should still be glad that he is governing the way he is .
I loved covering the Obama campaign .
But amid problems like Afghanistan and health care , it simply would n’t do to give gauzy speeches about the meaning of the word hope .
It is in Obama ’s nature to lead a government by symposium .
Embrace the complexity .
Learn to live with the dispassion .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Photo : Jonathan HiskesI tracked down Brian Flannery today .
He ’s the top climate advisor for ExxonMobil , a veteran of international climate talks , and a bona fide villain in the eyes of environmental groups .
That ’s largely due to Exxon ’s funding of front groups that sow misinformation about the urgency of climate change .
Today Flannery was wearing another hat : he led a panel on behalf of the International Chamber of Commerce ‘s Environment and Energy Commission , of which he ’s vice chair .
He would seem to be something of an odd choice for leadership at the International Chamber , which has embraced the opportunities of a low - carbon economy far more than the step - boldly - into - the - past U.S. Chamber .
In person , it ’s clear that Flannery has done considerable thinking about how his company will deal with a changing climate .
He ’s described the energy giant ’s preference for a carbon tax over a cap - and - trade program , and argued for some advanced technologies as a climate strategy .
“ The solutions for energy supply are nuclear , advanced genetically modified biofuels , and carbon capture and storage , ” he said .
“ They are the dominant solutions for supply .
Energy efficiency plays a huge role .
But you to need supply some energy . ”
The panel itself — on private - sector finance and climate change — was n’t particularly newsworthy .
There are hundreds of such events going on here .
But the lineup of participants was interesting .
Accompanying Flannery and Dow Chemical energy policy director Russel Mills was Kaveh Zahedi , climate change coordinator at the United Nations Environment Programme .
The conference is full of this sort of elbow - rubbing between environmental officials and business leaders .
Observers who have been to more of these climate conferences than I have say they see more of this at each successive gathering .
This is n’t to say that former foes are necessarily pulling in the same direction .
They ’re not .
But they seem to be talking more extensively than ever .
Flannery , by the way , firmly declined my request to ask him about how he’d be spending his time in Copenhagen , his hopes for the conference , his impressions so far .
“ I ’m really not interested in commenting on where the conference is at this stage , ” he said .
“ I think that would be a distraction . ”
After three decades working in this arena , does he find these gatherings any more comprehensible ?
He did offer an answer on that : “ I ’m trying hard to understand what is happening , as I think everyone is , ” he said .
“ Because it ’s very hard to know what is actually happening here . ”
Spread the news on what the føck is going on in Copenhagen with friends via email , Facebook , Twitter , or smoke signals .
The chip is likely to find a role in data and hosting centres Intel has unveiled a prototype chip that packs 48 separate processing cores on to a chunk of silicon the size of a postage stamp .
The Single - chip Cloud Computer ( SCC ) , as it is known , contains 1.3 billion transistors , the tiny on - off switches that underpin chip technology .
Each processing core could , in theory , run a separate operating system .
Currently , top - end chips for desktop computers typically contain four separate processors .
Intel and rival AMD will both launch new six - core devices in 2010 , allowing computers to simultaneously tackle a number of complex tasks , such as processing graphics .
' Tiny islands '
The chip has won the " cloud " name because it brings together the computing resources typically filling several racks in a data centre .
The SCC is made up of 24 " tiles " each one of which is effectively a dual - core processor .
The chip maker said the research that had gone into the chip suggests that it could , eventually , cram 100 cores onto a single piece of silicon .
In 2007 , the firm showed off an 80 - core processor , whilst earlier this year a US firm called Tilera announced a 100 - core chip .
Also graphics chip maker Nvidia has previewed its next - generation processor that has 512 cores .
However , unlike both of these , the SCC is based on Intel 's X86 architecture , meaning it can run operating systems found in normal desktop computers such as Windows and Linux .
Microsoft said it had already put SCC into its development pipeline so it could exploit it in the future .
Intel said it had already demonstrated Linux running on each core .
It has also found a way to slash the management overhead required to keep the processors crunching data in synch .
In a bid to keep power consumption down , the tiles making up the chip can be divided into islands of different sizes that run at separate voltages .
" Over time , I expect these advanced concepts to find their way into mainstream devices , just as advanced automotive technology such as electronic engine control , air bags and anti-lock braking eventually found their way into all cars , " said Justin Rattner , Intel 's chief technology officer .
Intel said the SCC would be made officially available to researchers and interested companies during the first half of 2010 .
More details will be released at the International Solid - State Circuits Conference in San Francisco on 8 February , 2010 .
Intel has not yet said when it will become generally available .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Warning — grumpy engineer .
An odd editorial from Nature today .
Apparently according to this ‘ scientist ’ anyone who sees anything wrong with the emails is a denialist and “ obstructionist politicians ’ will use it to disrupt the cap and trade legislation coming this spring .
I do n’t know who the goofball was that wrote this rubbish , but cap and trade is a scheme to allow politicians arbitrary control over money distribution .
Taxing CO2 directly is simply a method to repress industry .
And frankly those of us who are not extremist industry hating leftists can usually see right through it .
Denialist appears 8 times
Conspiracy appears 3 times
Besides the fact that this was apparently written by Michael Mann ’s communist brother and ostrich - like in it ’s open mindedness , they do finish up saying that being open with the data is important .
WELL THANK GOD FOR THAT !!!
Jeeez ..
Like pulling teeth from a friggin’ alligator with tweezers .
Since the obvious and foolish intent of the editorial is to marginalize the “ crazies ” like US .
I ’ll point out a few details ….
# 1 -McIntyre and McKitrick star bad guys of these emails are not denialists .
They never make any such point .
# 2 – The files were intentionally released HERE .
This blog who ’s proprietor ADMITS GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL – Every other damn day it seems .
— NOT A DENIALIST !!
# 3 – VonStorch who strongly questioned the motives of these researchers – IS NOT A DENIALIST !!
# 4 – Zorita who wants Mann , Jones and Rohmsdorf removed from IPCC processes – IS NOT A DENIALIST !!
# 5 – I ’ve read no articles which conclude global warming is proven wrong by this , there may be some but ya know – WHO ARE THESE DENIALISTS ?
# 6 – Monibot – IS THE FURTHEST POSSIBLE EXTREME FROM A DENIALIST !
# 7 – Roger Pielke ’s are not DENIALISTS !!
Ok , that took a little pressure off , I had to get the BP below 150 .
Here ’s the article .
Editorial
Nature 462 , 545 ( 3 December 2009 ) | doi :10.1038/462545a ; Published online 2 December 2009
Climatologists under pressure
Top of page Abstract Stolen e-mails have revealed no scientific conspiracy , but do highlight ways in which climate researchers could be better supported in the face of public scrutiny .
The e-mail archives stolen last month from the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) , UK , have been greeted by the climate - change - denialist fringe as a propaganda windfall ( see page 551 ) .
To these denialists , the scientists ’ scathing remarks about certain controversial palaeoclimate reconstructions qualify as the proverbial ‘ smoking gun ’ : proof that mainstream climate researchers have systematically conspired to suppress evidence contradicting their doctrine that humans are warming the globe .
This paranoid interpretation would be laughable were it not for the fact that obstructionist politicians in the US Senate will probably use it next year as an excuse to stiffen their opposition to the country ’s much needed climate bill .
Nothing in the e-mails undermines the scientific case that global warming is real — or that human activities are almost certainly the cause .
That case is supported by multiple , robust lines of evidence , including several that are completely independent of the climate reconstructions debated in the e-mails .
First , Earth ’s cryosphere is changing as one would expect in a warming climate .
These changes include glacier retreat , thinning and areal reduction of Arctic sea ice , reductions in permafrost and accelerated loss of mass from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets .
Second , the global sea level is rising .
The rise is caused in part by water pouring in from melting glaciers and ice sheets , but also by thermal expansion as the oceans warm .
Third , decades of biological data on blooming dates and the like suggest that spring is arriving earlier each year .
Denialists often maintain that these changes are just a symptom of natural climate variability .
But when climate modellers test this assertion by running their simulations with greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide held fixed , the results bear little resemblance to the observed warming .
The strong implication is that increased greenhouse - gas emissions have played an important part in recent warming , meaning that curbing the world ’s voracious appetite for carbon is essential ( see pages 568 and 570 ) .
Read the rest here . — — ——
–
Maybe instead of posting this embarrassing political silliness at Nature they should start a blog to let some steam off .
haha .
So if the major critics of these emails are n’t global warming denialists what does that make the people who wrote this piece ?
I would like to formally offer the editors who wrote this to feel free to contact me with their own guest posts here .
The scientists have too much pressure and need a spot to let it loose .
The ski trips and constant travel wear on a person .
They might as well let off steam at the Air Vent because it ’s kinda embarrassing to do it in front of everyone at Nature .
Crazy times .
A court has awarded a Toronto woman what is believed to be a record - setting spousal support payment .
Carol Ann Elgner , 61 , will receive $ 110,000 a month from her husband Claude Elgner .
The award was based on the length of the marriage and Claude Elgner 's annual income of $ 3 million to $ 4 million .
Carol Ann Elgner 's lawyer Julie Hannaford says the amount reflects a growing feeling within the judiciary that spousal support has not kept up with the times .
Hannaford said times have changed from the days when awards were thought of as keeping the heat and lights on at home .
Hannaford said lawyers she has spoken to agree it is the largest spousal - support award ever in Canada .
The couple separated in 2007 .
Elgner had spent her entire married life at home raising their three children .
During that time , her husband 's businesses – supplying plastic fixtures used in automotive interiors – grew at a colossal rate .
Their assets included a $ 1.5 million home in Toronto , a $ 2.6 million summer residence in Muskoka , a $ 3.5 million home in Florida and a condo in Whistler , B.C. , along with five timeshares .
Claude Elgner , 62 , argued at trial that his former wife has already received $ 6.2 million in cash and investments directly from him .
He also contended his remaining wealth ought to be largely excluded from the net family assets that are equalized at the time of a divorce .
He also pointed out his wife received $ 775,443 in after - tax income last year , largely as a result of dividends .
The Canadian Press
About Chris Wenham has been writing fiction and nonfiction for over 20 years .
You can follow his ongoing work at ChrisWenham.com
Skeptics are Antiseptics
Skeptics are used to clean and sanitize both science and everyday commerce , and the result is a system that runs better .
When a skeptic approaches a new theory or claim , the objective is not to kill it , but to clean it .
This can mean that initial work has to be thrown out and re-done , sometimes leading to a different conclusion , but this is normal in the everyday world as well .
In science , a good skeptic can eliminate many spoiling factors , including : poorly stated hypotheses , doctored or improperly corrected data , numbers pulled out of someone 's ass , processes without proper controls , processes that do n't eliminate the effect of complicating variables , and more .
Skeptics can be seen as part of the QA ( Quality Assurance ) process , and it 's unfortunate that the methods they have to use can generate a great deal of resentment , not just among the people doing work that comes under a skeptic 's attention , but to the cheerleaders and impatient beneficiaries .
It 's important to have faith that when a skeptic tears apart a badly prepared report and sends everyone back to the drawing board , the final result will be better and more effective in the long run .
Skeptics are like antiseptics in a hospital operating room .
They make sure the room , table and instruments are all sanitized , or else the patient might die of a post - op infection .
When science gets politicized , as it has happened with anthropogenic global warming ( AGW ) , it 's like letting a germ warfare agent into the operating room .
You 'd need extra strong , heavy - duty antiseptics to make sure the patient does n't get an infection , and in politicized sciences you need extra strong , heavy - duty skeptics to prevent the science from being killed and its corpse animated for political ends .
AGW is a magnet for politicians because it can be used to justify huge spending projects on one hand , and as a pretense for crippling the economy of nations on the other .
Since the stakes are literally measured in hundreds of trillions of dollars over the next century , it will be necessary to employ the strongest , thickest - skinned skeptics to keep the science as contaminant - free as possible .
The consequences would n't just be as bad as a dead patient , it'd be as bad as millions of dead patients if we spend all of our resources on the wrong measures and melt the ice - caps anyway .
Our worst outcome is if the climate - change deniers are wrong , but we still wasted our efforts on the wrong remedies .
This means placing skeptics at the source of AGW research as well as in the public forum .
A good QA agent is n't afraid to offend the chef when he sees a fly in the soup .
He 'll send it back to the kitchen before the customer has a chance to see the fly and reject the whole restaurant altogether .
In the politicized global warming debate , however , this is very difficult to do .
The skeptic will point out the fly in the soup and say , " that 's a fly in the soup " , while the global warming cheerleaders wave their pom-poms and say , " no , that 's extra protein . "
One of the flies in Al Gore 's soup " An Inconvenient Truth " , for example , is actually a mosquito .
In his film he presents the case of Nairobi and an increase in malaria , which he claims is due to global warming bringing warmer temperatures -- and with it mosquitoes -- to a city that used to be " above the mosquito line " .
Alas , while other examples of AGW in the film may be defensible , this one is bunk .
An inconvenient consequence , now , is that spectators are rejecting the movie , the book , and sometimes the whole message because they do n't know what to believe .
This could be a disaster if the core claim of AGW turns out to be true .
A toolkit for good skepticism
While I 've chosen AGW as my main example , skepticism is something that you should practice every day for every claim , not just scientific or propaganda claims .
It 's a major critical thinking skill that will make you smarter in less than a day .
The following are the basic steps , with some examples : Remain as emotionally distant from the issue as you can Resist the instinct to be on any particular side Resist the urge to apologize for any opinions you currently have
If you do already have an opinion , be prepared to change your mind
Be aware of attempts to cast the issue in emotional terms ( " Global warming killed my son " )
Check the hypothesis for bias
Is it a straw - man argument ?
Is it phrased as a leading or loaded question ?
( " Do you agree that socialized medicine would lead to ' death panels ' ? " )
Does it take something for granted that has not been established scientifically , yet ?
( " Is 20 C or 30 C the most appropriate dilution for homeopathic medicine ? " )
Check the process for any mistakes
Did they forget to use a new container for each sample ?
Did they omit a control group , or chose a poor control group ?
Did they fail to eliminate the effect of complicating variables ?
( malaria studies are complicated by local immunity , population migration , availability of vaccines , etc. )
For drug studies , were they conducted as randomized double - blind trials ?
Did they publish the source code for any computer models ?
Check for unrepresentative samples
Is the pollster only talking to rich people about a concern that bridges class ?
Did they eliminate samples without providing a criteria or justification for doing so ?
Or was the criteria invalid ?
Check for distortion or modification of the results Graphs can be plotted with non-linear axes to make small spikes appear bigger Results can be presented selectively , omitting data that does n't agree with the conclusion Researchers can fail to use standard statistical error correction methods that control for false positives
Look for alternative theories that fit the data better
A study of schoolchildren found that an increase in shoe size correlated with improved reading ability , therefore bigger feet cause better reading skills .
Or ... is it just that as children get older their skills improve and their feet grow ?
And always ask lots and lots of questions .
It 's a tragedy that the word " skeptic " is often conflated with " denialist " and all the strong emotions that go with it .
Calling yourself a " holocaust skeptic " , or a " global warming skeptic " can get you dirty looks and worse .
But a skeptic is merely a person who holds judgement on new claims until evidence has been presented and checked , nothing more .
But this is also like saying penicillin is merely a peptidoglycan antagonist or that iodine is just a cytoplasmic oxidizer .
It 's technically true , but it says nothing about the effect that they have .
We love magazines .
Because we publish one , we do n't get to spend a lot of time writing about our peers .
But our passion for magazines runs as deep as it does for music , movies , and yes , even beer .
All of our Best of the Decade lists are subjective , of course , but this one may be more colored by our interests than any of the rest .
Because at some level , magazines are impossible to separate from their subjects , and the subjects covered by the now - defunct alt - country music magazine No Depression interest us much more so than those covered by , say , the also impressive Car and Driver .
But a great magazine also transcends its subject matter , and these are 20 that we can wholeheartedly recommend .
So what are your favorites ?
It was a simple idea back in 1969 , but one that has aged well — capturing interesting people in conversation .
Every fantasy dinner party that we 've imagined has in part been recreated by Andy Warhol 's Interview .
Josh Jackson
No other magazine covers both politics and fashion with a quality of writing or level of expertise as high as Vanity Fair .
Kate Kiefer
We love iconic UK music magazines like Mojo and Uncut , but there 's a cleverness and freshness to young upstart The Word that nudges it ahead of its established competitors in our esteem .
Josh Jackson
First published in 1888 , National Geographic is still deserves the lauds for its extensive articles about geography and culture , high standards in photojournalism , map supplements and , of course , that iconic yellow border .
Kate Kiefer
This was the first magazine subscription I bought with my own money back in high school , and its ability to cull the most unexpected , interesting and engaging takes on any topics it chooses has n't waned since .
Josh Jackson
This women ’s - interest monthly is full of beautiful photos , inspiring features , recipes how - tos , lists and charts — all intended to help make your life easier , and presented with a subtle , clean design .
Kate Kiefer
Without becoming an outlandish tabloid on the newsstand , this witty magazine is full of headlines that read like fiction , but are 100 % true .
Mental Floss addresses the tid-bits that no one else seems to think about ( like how do farmers produce 46 million turkeys for the one day of Thanksgiving ? ) , and it aims to make you smarter , one bit of trivia at a time .
Gage Henry
This slightly irreverent magazine catered to hip , creative women with thoughtful cover features on celebrities like Kate Winslet and Drew Barrymore , clever anecdotes from the staff , realistic fashion and beauty coverage , and reviews of up - and - coming bands .
Our flag flew at half - staff the day it closed its doors .
Kate Kiefer
This is not your mother 's shelter magazine .
Making modern design and architecture accessible , we salute Dwell for devoting an entire issue to homes under 1,000 square feet .
Josh Jackson
Grant Alden and Peter Blackstock gave a name to and rose a banner for alt .country , music with its roots in what we used to just call country before it became all shiny and plastic .
Readers like us could rally around old country radio refugees like Steve Earle and Emmylou Harris and discover a whole new generation of Americana .
Josh Jackson
Abstract
In Caperton v. A.T. Massey Coal Co. , Inc. , 129 S. Ct. 2252 ( 2009 ) , the Supreme Court by a 5 - 4 vote vacated and remanded a decision of the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals in which Justice Brent Benjamin cast the deciding vote in favor of Massey , a company run by Don Blankenship , who had provided $ 3 million in support to Benjamin during his 2004 election campaign .
Despite the unsavory taste of the entire episode , the Court was excessively careful not to criticize Justice Benjamin .
Overlooked because of this undue judicial civility and controversy about the constitutional aspects of the decision was that in the state court proceedings , the Caperton plaintiffs had merely sought Justice Benjamin ’s recusal pursuant to the West Virginia and ABA Model Codes of Judicial Conduct , both of which require only that a reasonable person might question the judge ’s impartiality , a criterion seemingly satisfied by the $ 3 million Blankenship had spent on Justice Benjamin ’s behalf .
Notwithstanding what should have been an easy and straightforward decision , Justice Benjamin persisted in applying the wrong legal standard ( insisting that he subjectively view himself as biased in order to recuse ) in the face of repeated efforts to correct his errors over the course of the case .
Even after certiorari was sought , Justice Benjamin persisted in a rear guard action with a tardy concurring opinion and a press release trumpeting his asserted fairness .
Close examination of Justice Benjamin ’s bizarre handling of the issue reveals that this was more than a mistake made in the heat of a fast - moving case and instead reflects grave judicial error reflecting lack of legal skill , overly emotional defensiveness , or perhaps even intent to flout the law on behalf of a campaign supporter .
Appreciating the magnitude of Justice Benjamin ’s mistakes - cum - misconduct suggests that the West Virginia Commission on Judicial Discipline make serious investigation of the matter and impose appropriate sanctions .
The episode illustrates the need for the legal system to take more seriously the problem of judicial resistance to disqualification .
( CNN ) -- The U.S. government warned consumers Sunday to avoid oysters from San Antonio Bay in Texas after investigators found the oysters caused a highly contagious virus .
Consumers who bought San Antonio Bay - harvested oysters on or after November 16 should throw them away , the Food and Drug Administration announced .
The agency also advised restaurant managers and grocers not to serve or sell the Texas oysters .
About a dozen cases of norovirus - related illnesses in North Carolina and South Carolina were " definitely linked " to oysters recently harvested from the San Antonio Bay , FDA spokeswoman Rita Chappelle told CNN .
Texas ' health department has already recalled all oysters harvested from the bay between November 16 and November 25 , the health department said in a statement on its Web site .
San Antonio
Bay has also been closed to commercial oyster harvesting , the statement said .
Texas authorities are still investigating how the oysters were contaminated and where they were distributed , Chappelle said .
Noroviruses cause gastroenteritis , also known as the stomach flu .
They are highly contagious , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Aside from contracting the virus from food or drink , one can become ill by touching contaminated surfaces and then their mouth , or by coming into direct contact with an infected individual .
Symptoms associated with the virus include nausea , vomiting , diarrhea and stomach cramping .
Affected individuals often experience low - grade fever , chills , headache , muscle aches and fatigue .
The illness typically lasts one to two days according to the CDC .
Anyone who ate the now - recalled oysters and who are now showing symptoms of norovirus should see a doctor and contact the local health department .
CNN 's Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report
Who 's the greatest doctor of them all ?
As David Tennant leaves the Tardis , there 'll be tears before bedtime
And so , the end is near for David Tennant as Doctor Who .
He 's fought the Daleks and seen off the Master and will be sadly missed by his legions of fans .
Now , as he is about to face his biggest intergalactic challenge yet , he prepares to leave the series with a bang - and his own sonic screwdriver .
David Tennant may stand accused of being a big softie , but the reason for all the emotion is quite simply that the 38 - year - old Scot , born David John McDonald in West Lothian , has , by common consent , been the greatest Doctor in the world 's longest running television sci- fi series .
Nor will he be leaving the Tardis with a whimper .
The first of a two - part final is scheduled for Christmas Day in the evening with the return of his archenemy , The Master , who is in a ferociously bad mood since being shot dead at the end of the episode Last Of The Time Lords in 2007 .
Greater secrecy surrounds this Christmas special than does the origins of the universe , but last month a Children In Need trailer revealed that we can expect trouble after Tennant is summoned to the snowy planet of the Ood - a species of alien who ( appropriately for Christmas ) sports a turkeyish toggle on the lower part of their face .
Final countdown : David Tennant , as the Doctor , receives a warning from the Ood
The telepathic species have called the Doctor to warn him of a shadow which has been cast across the universe , and remind him that he will perish when Death knocks four times .
To add to the excitement , the two - part special concludes on New Year 's Day with the emergence of newcomer Matt Smith as the 11th Doctor .
Tennant says : ' The forces gathering are quite unlike anything we 've seen before .
They 're on a whole new scale .
We 've managed to keep a few surprises , even if people think they know what 's coming . '
But before that , former 007 Timothy Dalton appears as a senior Time Lord in an extraterrestrial dressing gown .
We can also look forward to Bernard Cribbins as Tennant 's Tardis companion , as well as Catherine Tate , June Whitfield , Brian Cox as one of the Ood , and Alexandra Moen as the jailed killer of the Master .
Welsh director of the Christmas special Euros Lyn promises a full - scale intergalactic clash of the titans with specially adapted backdrops at mediaeval Caerphilly Castle near Cardiff as well as a Corus steel plant in Llanwern .
Tennant and all the cast testify that it was a hugely emotional shoot , especially when the dreaded four knocks were finally heard to signal the arrival of the Reaper .
' I was nearly a puddle , ' confesses Tennant .
But Euros
Lyn tells a sweet story about how it unravelled : ' When we shot the very final scene , David was 30ft in the air on a big flying rig .
We brought him down and he went back to his trailer and it was all a bit flat , so we faked a final shot to bring him back for a round of applause .
' When he realised what we 'd done he welled up and tried to make a speech , but he had to stop and sparked everyone else off , too !'
The tears are likely to be infectious .
' It 's a stonking two and a half hours and there wo n't be a dry eye in the house .
Even your turkey will be wet ! ' warns lead writer Russell T. Davies , breathless with excitement .
The first four : William Hartnell , Patrick Troughton , John Pertwee and Tom Baker
' I wrote my heart out for these specials , because I wanted to give David everything .
Together we 've loved pushing the Doctor further than ever before and this Christmas is David 's final time to fly . '
Davies himself recognises there has been something of the Lennon and McCartney about his relationship with Tennant .
' Surprisingly few lead actors have a sense of humour , ' he says .
' I 'd written the Doctor as a man full of chat , just having a babble , and David got that instantly . '
Rewinding to the very beginnings provide a useful contrast .
William Hartnell ( 1963 -66 ) launched the Doctor with the look of a 19th century member of the Royal Society with good Masonic connections .
As his successor , Patrick Troughton ( 1966 -69 ) was a much more impish , childlike scruff , with a Beatles mop of hair .
My own first memory of the Doctor was Jon Pertwee ( 1970 - 74 ) .
Being the Seventies , there was a touch of the Bee Gees about him , but his collection of capes , velvet jackets and frilly shirts , rendered him a debonair Doctor to be reckoned with .
However , the high point of Doctor Who before its current golden age was with Tom Baker ( 1974 - 81 ) who came a close second to Tennant in Doctor Who Magazine 's poll to find the best Doctor of all time .
Baker was a hard act to follow and Peter Davison ( 1981 - 84 ) , in spite of his boyishness , never matched his predecessor 's off - the - wall charisma .
Doctors of the Eighties : Peter Davidson , Colin Baker , Sylvester McCoy and Paul McGann
Still , Davison was the Doctor Tennant grew up with , the inspiration for the ' brainy ' specs he pulls out when faced with a knotty problem .
Davison even recalls that when he filmed the Time Crash episode with Tennant in 2007 : ' He was a little in awe of me because I was " his " Doctor and I was a little in awe of him because he 's such a great actor . '
After that , with the best will in the world , Doctor Who suffered an identity crisis with Colin Baker ( 1984 - 86 ) and Sylvester McCoy ( 1987 - 89 ) .
But by then the franchise was as wobbly as its low - budget sets .
Not even Paul McGann , star of cult film Withnail & I , could raise much kudos for the Doctor in the 1996 film .
And yet , as everyone knows , Doctor Who can always regenerate .
Many were sceptical before its relaunch in 2005 , especially with Davies , a script writer known only for Channel Four 's late - night series Queer As Folk .
But when Christopher Eccleston ( 2005 ) appeared with It - girl of the day Billie Piper it was clear that the Doctor had moved on and foresworn polystyrene monsters .
What we got in David Tennant , from 2006 , was a combination of all of the best of all the previous Doctors .
Thoughtful , scatty , intense , witty , boyish , vain , bookish , youthful and hip all rolled into one .
And Tennant treasures his time in the Tardis .
' I got to do so many more things than I ever imagined .
Hanging off things , being blown up , being made up to look nine million years old .
It was continually surprising .
' You see the impact the show has and the enthusiasm people have , but until you 're in the middle you do n't realise how all consuming it is .
It 's been an incredible time , a real privilege , actually , to be at the centre of something that attracts so much love and attention .
Modern day : Christopher Eccleston , David Tennant and newcomer Matt Smith
' It 's been overwhelming at times because wherever you go people know you as Doctor Who and when you go into the supermarket there 's your face on a cake , a T - shirt , a jigsaw and a little plastic figure .
It 's unlike anything else I can imagine doing as an actor .
' I'm jealous Matt Smith is going through that now , though it could n't happen to a nicer chap .
But I 'm looking forward to not knowing what happens next and to being a viewer again . '
He takes with him not just the memories , but also a sonic screwdriver which remains under lock and key at home .
Following such an act wo n't be easy for Matt Smith who did n't sleep for three days after he heard he got the job .
Already , cyberspace is bristling with criticism of the young pretender .
Many ' Whovian ' fans carp that he looks too odd .
They do n't like the bow tie or the tweed jacket .
Above all they think he 's too young .
And , at 26 , he is the youngest ever Doctor .
But what they 're really scared of is the fact that they do n't know Matt Smith and only time can heal that .
Until then it's going to be a painful transition for the fundamentalists who believe David Tennant to have been Doctor Who 's finest hour .
And yet , Matt Smith has proved himself one of the finest young actors on the British stage .
What 's more , just as Tennant had Russell T. Davies , so Smith comes with Steven Moffat leading the team of writers .
Moffat has shown himself to be just as good as Davies and probably a little more adventurous .
He says : ' The Doctor is a very special part .
As soon as Matt walked through the door , and blew us away with a bold and brand new take on the Time Lord , we knew we had our man . '
Although Smith was stunned by landing the job of the Doctor there is every reason to suppose he 'll be just as big as any of his ancestors .
And , whatever else he does , he 'll also do it his way .
Doctor Who : The End of Time , Part One is on Christmas Day at 6 pm on BBC One .
Part Two will follow on New Year 's Day at 6.40 pm .
You know Firefox like the back of your hand .
You 've heard tale of Chrome and you know KDE has tried to pawn Konqueror off as their default browser .
In the distance you hear Opera calling your name and IE4 Lin tries to woo you to the dark side .
Browsers , the lot of them .
You can't go about your daily digital life without one , and sometimes it 's just hard to tell which is the best for the job .
But did you know there were even more alternatives to choose from ?
Many of them are one - trick ponies and some of them will never see the light of day on the average ( or even somewhat above - average users ' desktop ) .
But that does n't mean that these alternatives should n't get a brief spot in the limelight .
In this article I am going to introduce you to some of those alternative web browsers and show you what they have to offer .
I will skip over the installation of these browsers as you will most likely find them in your distributions ' repositories .
These browsers will be in no certain order .
Arora
Arora is a light - weight , cross- platform web browser ( so long as the platform will run Qt ) that offers many of the features you have come to love on your browser ( and then some ) .
Arora uses the QTWebKit port of the WebKit layout engin .
The feature list looks like :
Fast startup
Desktop integration
Smart location bar
Session management
Privacy
Search engine management
Flash plugin support
Download manager
Tools for web developers
Translations for thirty languages .
Elinks
I can't help but add a text - based web browser to this list .
Elinks hearkens back to my old Lynx days where browsing the web was not interrupted by images , ads , and flash .
Why would you want to use such a browser ?
Simple : Elinks is fast .
Not Chrome fast ... even faster .
Elinks is so fast you will miss your pages load if you blink - that kind of fast .
But remember , you only get text here .
You use Elinks from within a terminal window .
Open one up and enter the command elinks .
Hit the < Esc > key and then enter a url .
Simple .
Fast .
What more do you want from the web ? ;-)
Epiphany
Epiphany is supposed to be the web browser for the GNOME desktop .
It is n't really , but it does try .
Epiphany lives somewhere between Elinks and Arora .
It 's not text - only , but it will handle your fancy - shmancy plugins .
Epiphany lets you concentrate on the content , not the application displaying the content .
Epiphany does offer a few nice features :
Security
Customizable interface
Smart bookmarks
Extensions and plugins
I was pleasantly surprised that Epiphany handled , out of the box , Flash plugins ( and handled them well . )
Final thoughts
There you go :
Three browsers you most likely have never heard of nor ever tried .
I have run the gamut of browsers and I can say that each of the above browsers certainly has their place in the landscape of the internet .
Will any of them threaten the monsters of the ball ?
Absolutely not .
Does that mean you should n't give them a try ?
No , you definitely should ... especially if you 've never experienced the web in its purest , text - only form .
I would highly recommend you give one of these browsers a go .
You might find your new favorite app !
Summary Article Name Alternative Linux web browsers Description
In this article I am going to introduce you to some of those alternative web browsers for Linux and show you what they have to offer .
Author Jack Wallen Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
If price or platform support are among your concerns when picking a desktop email client , then Mozilla Thunderbird ( free ) is hard to beat .
Though it can't quite match all the whiz - bang features of Microsoft Outlook and that application 's full support for Microsoft Exchange mail servers , it will suit a lot of users with a lot of different email scenarios — from those with custom server - based mail to webmail users .
In fact , even if you have no email account at all , Thunderbird lets you create one using a choice of partner services , which ( for a subscription fee ) even let you create an email using your last name as the domain name , like [ email protected ]
That 's sure to impress all your contacts !
Signup and Setup
Thunderbird is available for a lot more platforms than Outlook 2013 , which only runs on Windows 7 and Windows 8 .
In addition to Windows 7 and 8 , Thunderbird runs on the earlier Vista and XP flavors , as well as on Mac OS X and Linux .
In addition , as with Mozilla 's Firefox browser an Extended Support Release ( ESR ) is available for organizations that do n't want automatic updates to upset their corporate software setups .
Though you can't set Thunderbird up with an Exchange server 's full capabilities , you can hook it up using POP3 or IMAP servers .
So if you use AOL Mail , Gmail , Hotmail , or even the new Outlook.com , for example , you 'll be able to set up Thunderbird as your mail client software .
Checking the Help pages for any of these services turns up the POP3 or IMAP and SMPT ( for outgoing email ) server addresses for setup .
Using Thunderbird instead of the Web versions also means you wo n't have to look at ads .
Yahoo Mail users , unfortunately , have to upgrade to the $ 19.99 - a - year Mail Plus version to get server access .
Like Outlook 2013 , the software can automatically determine your required server addresses and settings for the major mail providers .
The new account wizard alternatively lets you configure new accounts manually , if you know the server addresses and settings .
A more advanced option lets you send and receive digitally signed and encrypted messages , but you 'll need valid certificates for this to work .
Without those , you can still take advantage of SSL and TLS security .
To create a custom email account , click on the top choice in your folder list , Local Folders , and under Accounts , click Create a new account .
This took me to two provider choices , gandi.net and hover.com .
Search on your first and last name for these to come up with email matches ;
Hover actually could create [ email protected ] for me for $ 20 a year .
If you 're switching to Thunderbird from Outlook , you can import your contact list .
It 's a simple matter of opening the Address Book , and choosing Tools | Import .
In the same step , you 'll be able to import your account settings and mail folders .
Interface
Like every email client , you 'll see the panel of accounts and folders down the left , the inbox and with an optional email preview pane below or even in the latest layout favored by Outlook , with the preview to the right ( from Options | Layout ) .
But you can't get the couple lines preview inside the inbox entries as you can in Outlook .
All the panels are completely resizable .
You can hide or display the typical menu items , File , Edit , and so on , but you 'll probably use the button bar below that most often , for starting a new email , replying , and refreshing the inbox , among other things .
Just as in Firefox , you can choose which buttons you want showing and where — thankfully , because the default choices were n't what I was accustomed to .
That is , I put the Write ( aka Compose ) button at top left , replacing Thunderbird 's default of Get Mail .
As in Firefox , tabs are the preeminent interface hallmark of Thunderbird .
I 'm a real fan of tabs in email , which I appreciate the presence of in Yahoo 's webmail interface .
It 's handy to have a search page , an email you 're composing , and your inbox all available at the same time from tabs .
As with Outlook 2013 , you get an Unread button to show only new emails in the inbox .
The application does support conversation view , showing a column of markers indicating which emails are part of conversations .
Clicking on the marker expands the conversation , but Outlook makes conversations much clearer , with a triangular arrow indicating them and indentation when you expand them by clicking on the arrow .
You also get one of Outlook 's most useful features — the card - like notifications that pop up at the bottom of the screen when a new email arrives .
It does this from its system tray icon , but unlike with Outlook , you can't delete or flag the incoming emails right on the notification card .
One thing you do n't get out of the " box " is automated vacation responses , but an add - on is available to add this capability .
Most mail services have their own spam filters , but Thunderbird , like Outlook , give you a local tool for eliminating unwanted emails .
With its " adaptive junk mail controls , " you train Thunderbird to recognize mail you do n't want .
Just check the icon in the Junk column next to any email or click the Junk button in the message preview pane to designate it as such .
When you turn this feature on , the program marks suspected junk , but you can and should tell it if it 's marked good mail , to improve detection .
I found that this mechanism did a good job of detecting worthless emails , but Outlook 's similar tool offered more control , with options for several levels of blocking , such as " only the most obvious junk " and using " safe lists only . "
Composing Email
When composing an email , you get all the formatting options you 'd expect in any messaging software — the full choice of fonts , sizes , and colors for your text .
But you can also choose plain text , even forcing that mode for domains you specify .
As with Outlook , I could be composing multiple emails in different windows at once .
This is possible in some webmail clients , like Gmail , but less obvious and natural .
Thunderbird saves your drafts automatically every 5 minutes by default ; you can make this more or less frequent to taste .
Another convenience addressed by mail services like Outlook.com is large attachments .
Thunderbird is in on this as well , with its Filelink feature .
This kicks in whenever you try to attach a multi-megabyte file to an email .
It uses file - hosting services Box , Ubuntu One and YouSendIt to accommodate the outsize files .
You can specify the size limit that will trip your file attachment being uploaded to the service you set up with your credentials .
Address Book , Calendar , Chat
Address Book
As I mentioned earlier , Thunderbird can automatically import your Outlook contacts , but it also builds an automatic contact list as you send emails .
Nice but missing would be the ability to import from more sources than just Outlook ( and even the somewhat obscure SeaMonkey ) .
Just as on Outlook and webmail services , your typing in a message 's
To : field pops up address suggestions based on your contact lists .
A search at the top of the Address Book , window finds any contact quickly .
Though the Address book can't automatically pull in photos and more from a connected social network like Linked In , it does offer numerous fields you can fill in — multiple emails and phone numbers as well as physical address , and you can even add a photo for the contact .
If you do have a physical address , the Get Map button brings up a Web map for it .
You do n't get all the phone call tracking features you get with Outlook , though .
Chat
Thunderbird lets you chat with Facebook , Google , IRC , Twitter , or XMPP — but not AIM , one of the most popular chat services .
The full - screen chat view shows your contacts ' availability , lets you set your own , and displays previous conversations when you log back in .
You can create a local alias for each account and have the service automatically log on when you start Thunderbird .
When setting up Facebook chat , be sure to use your actual username , the test after facebook.com / in your General Account Settings
Calendar
No calendar is included with the Thunderbird installation , but you can install a plugin called Lighting for that .
In fact , when you choose Add - Ons from the main menu , the first thing you 'll see is the entry for the Lightning calendar extension .
Install it ; after the required restart , you 'll be glad you did .
Not only will you get a color coded calendar that can import .ICS calendar files and subscribe to Internet calendars , but you 'll also get a capable Tasks feature , with prioritization and due dates .
You wo n't however , be able to assign tasks to others as you can in Outlook 2013 .
Each is accessible from an icon the add - on adds to the top right of the Thunderbird window .
The calendar lets you create events and invite attendees , just as Outlook does .
A Powerful Open Source Emailer
With Mozilla 's Thunderbird , you do n't get Outlook 2013 's slick , modern design or social integrations .
But you do get a whole lot of useful email tools — and it 's free !
Maybe most critical for business users is Outlook 's full support for Exchange Server features , which , combined with everything else , made it our Editors ' Choice .
Still , Thunderbird gets a four - star rating , as it's a mature and capable messaging application that 's easy to set up , highly configurable , and feature - rich .
More E-mail Reviews :
Best Productivity Picks
Further Reading
Infowars.com
December 29 , 2009
Infamous and documented CIA fabrication takes responsibility for the absurd Christmas day terror attack attempt .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Consider this a catch - all post showing the many ways in which marketers use the excuse of gift - giving to reinforce gender stereotypes .
Exhibit One : Katrin sent along this example from Zazzle .
She writes :
The gift guide section is great …
Men fish , hunt , are tech nerds , BBQ kings , and are in the military .
And , if you really have to , there is a “ Metro Man gift ” section as well .
Women are animal lovers , spiritual , environmentalist , interior designers , teachers , brides , sorority members AND they “ support the troops ” as military wives .
Of course THEY are NOT soldiers .
Just like men cannot be married to and much less , support , a woman in the military .
The only thing men and women have in common ?
The 80s .
Exhibit Two : Keely W. sent along this delightful gift suggestion .
Moms , need a gift that costs just a little but seriously pays off ?
Buy your daughter these eyebrow tweezers !
They ’ll make for hours of wonderful mother - daughter time !
Here ’s to the intergenerational transfer of patriarchal beauty standards !
Exhibit Three : Maggie G. sent in these screen shots from the Lego website .
First , notice that , just as with the dinosaur website we posted about recently , legos are assumed to be for boys , unless they are specifically for girls .
The girls category in the bottom row makes all the other categories , by default , for boys :
If you click on girls , you get two options , Belville and Preschool :
Here ’s what the Belville sets look like ( all pink with horsies , puppies , and fairies ! ) :
Legos aimed at younger kids are , I guess , gender - neutral … which is consistent with the increasingly pressure to gender - differentiate as kids get older :
Got any more gendered x-mas guides ?
Send them in and I ’ll start a post for next year .
See also this post on gendered gift - giving guides .
" Shut up , " Jack screamed at the crows , waving his arms wildly .
" Shut up , shut up ! "
Only he really did n't utter a sound .
And he did n't dare flail about either .
But gawd , he hated crows .
And he hated hearing their grating " caww , caw " sound twice a week from the vacant lot next to the commissary .
One really did n't dare cause a disturbance in line , Jack knew .
He felt uncomfortable even talking to people , much less screaming at crows .
You really can't risk being labeled a " disrupter , " especially with a family and kids .
Ever since the " commissary incidents " two years ago there were T.O.'s — Tranquility Officers — everywhere .
Even if you could n't see them , you knew they were watching .
So Jack bottled it up and just closed his eyes tightly for a second .
When he opened them he shot a look of hate across the lot where the crows were perched in the bare tree above the frozen patches of ice in the empty lot .
Maybe he could come back on the weekend .
Maybe it would be sunny .
Jack sure hoped so .
And maybe the crows would n't be there reminding him of the endless gray winter .
But then again , maybe they would .
Besides , he thought , he 'd already been waiting 45 minutes and he was almost at the corner and from there it would only be another half - hour .
Jack pulled his coat a little tighter and kept quiet .
Besides the thought would occasionally occur to Jack while waiting in life 's endless succession of lines , that maybe it was n't really the crows he hated with all his might .
Maybe they were just a convenient focal point , caught in the crossfire of desolation and deprivation .
Maybe it was really the " groat , " the government rolled oat bread he hated .
No , there was no maybe about that part .
Cold , tough , stale and flavorless , two loaves twice a week .
Jack knew he hated groat .
From time to time he wondered why they could n't have real bread made out of flour like people used to eat in when he was a kid .
The Dollar Meltdown : S... Goyette , Charles Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 4.00 ( as of 04:10 EST - Details )
But that 's why there was a Food Czar , Jack knew , to figure that stuff out .
He remembered watching the first Food Czar almost twelve years ago explain that sending wheat to rich Asian countries was only for the duration of the crisis , and that it was the patriotic thing to do during these times .
Well , Jack thought , he was as patriotic as the next guy , even if he did join in the general discontent a few years ago when it seemed like things just kept getting worse .
But he was n't a " disrupter " or anything like that , although he had a few nervous nights wondering if he had complained too loudly to anybody .
But that was before the new Food Czar .
The new Czar had been a general in the ongoing war and he looked like the kind of guy who could really get stuff done .
After all , it had n't taken him any time at all to come up with the Recovery and Economy in Agriculture Plan , REAP , that set aside an additional 20 million acres for oat production .
And he'd promised that REAP would really shorten the lines .
Jack sure hoped so .
Besides , there was a presidential election coming up and the all the candidates were saying that if the Food Czar did n't produce results next year heads would roll and they'd get somebody in there that could really take charge .
Jack sure hoped so .
He was going to start paying more attention to the campaign .
By now Jack had reached the corner .
He dug his hand into his pocket and felt for his plastic ration card .
" Gawd almighty , " Jack thought .
" I hate crows . "
John checked his text messages as he got close to his neighborhood .
There was one from his wife .
" PICK UP BREAD . "
Seemed like there was always something , he thought .
In the store , John grabbed a cart just in case and headed for the bakery department .
He knew she was going to be tied up this afternoon , but why could n't she just leave a voice message like most people , he thought with a hint of impatience .
Always text messages .
Would n't it have been just as easy to leave a voice message ?
At least then she could have mentioned what kind of bread , or what it was for .
Was it that awful white bread the kids like for sandwiches he wondered , or that tasty sprouted whole wheat that he liked himself ?
No , it could n't be that since nobody else in the family would eat it .
As he strolled through the bakery section he caught a whiff of the fresh sourdough coming straight out of the oven .
Irresistible !
Jack knew he could n't be trusted shopping on his way home at suppertime , that he was the perfect impulse buyer .
But he grabbed a loaf anyway .
It was at that moment he spied the long skinny loaves of French bread and remembered 
French bread !
Of course .
She was making that shrimp pasta they 'd seen on the Food Channel last week .
It sure had looked wonderful on TV , and she was going to try it out tonight !
And they 'd served it with French bread so Jack grabbed a loaf , rolled through the wine aisle , picked a couple of bottles of a favorite , and headed to the check - out .
While he waited for his turn in the express lane , John noted the lady two shoppers ahead must have had at least 20 items .
Did n't she see the sign that said 15 items or less , he wondered ?
He wanted to get home a try a slice of the sourdough while it was still hot enough to melt butter .
In the meantime John busied himself reading the tabloid headlines on the rack in front of him .
There was that one really good looking actress he liked , caught up in some weird love triangle .
Another featured psychic predictions and a headline about a woman who gave birth to an eight - pound Chihuahua .
That would be good .
Another had something about a presidential race .
Some people will read anything , John laughed to himself .
Especially the old people .
They still followed that stuff out of habit .
Ever since the " Leave Us Alone " movement , those campaigns have been about as important as choosing the head librarian .
No sooner had he finished the thought than it was his turn .
Took em long enough , John thought , feeling the sourdough loaf to assure himself it was still nice and warm .
He chuckled to himself about the Chihuahua mother story as the cashier finished scanning his purchases , and handed her his gold card .
She swiped it and gave him the receipt .
" Thank you for shopping with us , " she said with a smile .
John nodded his thanks , grabbed the groceries with one hand and the receipt with the other and headed to the door .
He glanced at the total .
They deducted .4672 grams of gold from his account .
Not bad , he thought to himself , wondering if it was just his imagination or if the same amount of groceries would n't have cost him closer to three - quarters of a gram not too many years ago .
Smelling this fresh sourdough is going to make me famished by the time I get home , John thought , moving a little quicker .
December 1 , 2009
Charles Goyette [ send him mail ] is the author of the New York Times bestseller The Dollar Meltdown : Surviving the Impending Currency Crisis with Gold , Oil , and Other Unconventional Investments .
The Best of Charles Goyette
Aaron Foley
MLive.com
Thursday , Dec 31st , 2009
Following up on a visit from FBI officials about an eyewitness account first described to MLive.com , Michigan attorney Kurt Haskell described the visit in comment sections across MLive on Wednesday .
Haskell and his wife , Lori , were aboard Flight 253 when Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab allegedly tried to destroy the plane .
They say another man tried to help Abdulmutallab board the plane in Amsterdam .
Haskell had two detailed posts in two different stories .
Here is Part One , originally posted here :
“ Today is the second worst day of my life after 12 - 25 - 09 .
Today is the day that I realized that my own country is lying to me and all of my fellow Americans .
Let me explain .
Ever since I got off of Flight 253 I have been repeating what I saw in US Customs .
Specifically , 1 hour after we left the plane , bomb sniffing dogs arrived .
Up to this point , all of the passengers on Flight 253 stood in a small area in an evacuated luggage claim area of an airport terminal .
During this time period , all of the passengers had their carry on bags with them .
When the bomb sniffing dogs arrived , 1 dog found something in a carry on bag of a 30 ish Indian man .
This is not the so called “ Sharp Dressed ” man .
I will refer to this man as “ The man in orange ” .
The man in orange , who stood some 20ft away from me the entire time until he was taken away , was immediately taken away to be searched and interrogated in a nearby room .
At this time he was not handcuffed .
When he emerged from the room , he was then handcuffed and taken away .
At this time an FBI agent came up to the rest of the passengers and said the following ( approximate quote )
“ You all are being moved to another area because this area is not safe .
I am sure many of you saw what just happened ( Referring to the man in orange ) and are smart enough to read between the lines and figure it out . ”
We were then marched out of the baggage claim area and into a long hallway .
This entire time period and until we left customs , no person that was n’t a law enforcement personnel or a passenger on our flight was allowed anywhere on our floor of the terminal ( or possibly the entire terminal )
The FBI was so concerned during this time , that we were not allowed to use the bathroom unless we went alone with an FBI agent , we were not allowed to eat or drink , or text or call anyone .
I have been repeating this same story over the last 5 days .
The FBI has , since we landed , insisted that only one man was arrested for the airliner attack ( contradicting my account ) .
However , several of my fellow passengers have come over the past few days , backed up my claim , and put pressure on FBI / Customs to tell the truth .
Early today , I heard from two different reporters that a federal agency ( FBI or Customs ) was now admitting that another man has been held ( and will be held indefinitely ) since our flight landed for “ immigration reasons . ”
Notice that this man was “ being held ” and not “ arrested ” , which was a cute semantic ploy by the FBI to stretch the truth and not lie .
Just a question , could that mean that the man in orange had no passport ?
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
However , a few hours later , Customs changed its story again .
This time , Mr. Ron Smith of Customs , says the man that was detained “ had been taken into custody , but today tells the news the person was a passenger on a different flight . ”
Mr. Ron Smith , you are playing the American public for a fool .
Lets take a look at how plausible this story is ( After you ’ve already changed it twice ) .
For the story to be true , you have to believe , that :
1. FBI / Customs let passengers from another flight co-mingle with the passengers of flight 253 while the most important investigation in 8 years was pending .
I have already stated that not one person who was n’t a passenger or law enforcement personnal was in our area the entire time we were detained by Customs .
2. FBI / Customs while detaining the flight 253 passengers in perhaps the most important investigation since the last terrorist attack , and despite not letting any flight 253 passenger drink , eat , make a call , or use the bathroom , let those of other flights trample through the area and possibly contaminate evidence .
3 . You have to believe the above ( 1 and 2 ) despite the fact that no flights during this time allowed passengers to exit off of the planes at all and were detained on the runway during at least the first hour of our detention period .
4 . You have to believe that the man that stood 20 feet from me since we entered customs came from a mysterious plane that never landed , let its passengers off the plane and let this man sneak into our passenger group despite having extremely tight security at this time ( i.e. no drinking even ) .
5. FBI / Customs was hauling mysterious passengers from other flights through the area we were being held to possibly comtaminate evidence and allow discussions with suspects on Flight 253 or to possibly allow the exchange of bombs , weapons or other devices between the mysterious passengers from other flights and those on flight 253 .
Seriously Mr. Ron Smith , how stupid do you think the American public is ?
Mr. Ron Smith ’s third version of the story is an absolute inplausible joke .
I encourage you , Mr. Ron Smith , to debate me anytime , anywhere , and anyplace in public to let the American people see who is credible and who is not .
I ask , is n’t this the more plausible story :
1. Customs / FBI realized that they screwed up and do n’t want to admit that they left flight 253 passengers on a flight with a live bomb on the runway for 20 minutes .
2. Customs / FBI realized that they screwed up and do n’t want to admit that they left flight 253 passengers in customs for 1 hour with a live bomb in a carry on bag .
3. Customs / FBI realize that the man in orange points to a greater involvement then the lone wolf theory that they have been promoting .
Mr. Ron Smith
I encourage you to come out of your cubicle and come up with a more plausible version number 4 of your story . ”
Haskell continued his comment in a different post on MLive .
“ For the last five days I have been reporting my story of the so called “ sharp dressed man . ”
For those of you who have n’t read my account , it involves a sharp dressed “ Indian man ” attempting to talk a ticket agent into letting a supposed “ Sudanese refugee ” ( The terrorist ) onto flight 253 without a passport .
I have never had any idea how it played out except to note that the so called “ Sudanese reefugee ” later boarded my flight and attempted to blow it up and kill me .
At no time did my story involve , or even find important whether the terrorist actually had a passport .
The importance of my story was and always will be , the attempt with an accomplice ( apparently succesful ) of a terrorist with all sorts of prior terrorist warning signs to skirt the normal passport boarding procedures in Amsterdam .
By the way , Amsterdam security did come out the other day and admit that the terrorist did not have to “ Go through normal passport checking procedures ” .
Amsterdam security , please define to the American public “ Normal passport boarding procedures ” .
You see the FBI would have the American public believe that what was important was whether the terrorist in fact had a passport .
Seriously think about this people .
You have a suicide bomber who had recently been to Yemen to but a bomb , whose father had reported him as a terrorist , who supposedly was on some kind of U.S. terror watchlist , and most likely knew the U.S. was aware of these red flags .
Yet , he did n’t go through “ Normal passport checking procedures . ”
What does that mean ?
Maybe that he flashed a passport to some sort of sympathetic security manager in a backroom to avoid a closer look at the terrorist ’s “ red flags ” ?
What is important is that the terrorist avoided using normal passport checking procedures ( apparently successfully ) in order to avoid a closer look into his red flags .
Who cares if he had a passport .
The important thing is that he did n’t want to show it and somehow avoided a closer inspection and “ normal passport checking procedures . ”
Each passport comes with a bar code on it that can be scanned to provide a wealth of information about the individual .
I would bet that the passport checking procedures for the terrorist did not include a bar code scan of his passport ( which could have revealed damning information about the terrorist ) .
Please note that there is a very easy way to verify the veracity of my prior “ sharp dressed man ” account .
Dutch police have admitted that they have reviewed the video of the “ sharp dressed man ” that I referenced .
Note that it has not been released anywhere ,
You see , if my eye witness account is false , it could easily be proven by releasing the video .
However , the proof of my eyewitness account would also be verified if I am telling the truth and I am .
There is a reason we have only heard of the video and not seen it .
dutch authorities , “ RELEASE THE VIDEO ! ”
This is the most important video in 8 years and may be all of two minutes long .
Show the entire video and “ DO NOT EDIT IT ” !
The American public deserves its own chance to attempt to identify the “ sharp dressed man ” .
I have no doubt that if the video indicated that my account was wrong , that the video would have already swept over the entire world wide web .
Instead of the video , we get a statment that the video has been viewed and that the terrorist had a passport .
Each of these statements made by the FBI is a self serving play on semantics and each misses the importance of my prior “ sharp dressed man ” account .
The importance being that the man “ Tried to board the plane with an accomplice and without a passort ” .
The other significance is that only the airport security video can verify my eyewitness account and that it is not being released .
Who has the agenda here and who does n’t ?
Think about that for a minute . ”
This article was posted : Thursday , December 31 , 2009 at 10:21 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Police say that William C. Caldwell III is a bad elf .
The 45 - year - old man appeared dressed as an elf at a mall in Morrow , Georgia and said that he was carrying dynamite .
This beats flashing gang signs while on Santa ’s lap , here .
Police say that when Caldwell waited in line to have his picture taken with Santa , he told Santa that he had the explosives .
It turns out that he was lying . . to Santa himself .
Caldwell is now charged with several crimes , including having hoax devices and making terroristic threats .
However , it is Santa who is likely to get the first lick on punishment in just three weeks .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Office Space actor Ron Livingston has filed a lawsuit against an anonymous Wikipedia editor for repeatedly altering his entry on the free encyclopedia to claim Livingston is gay .
Livingston suspects the same vandal of posing as the actor in a phony Facebook profile .
Neither Facebook nor Wikipedia are named in the suit .
Under the Communications Decency
Act , such sites enjoy immunity from most types of lawsuits stemming from the actions of their users .
But that does not mean the anonymous person or persons who wrote the allegedly defamatory statements are immune from being outed and hauled into court .
Livingston 's lawsuit against " John Doe " will likely give him the power to subpoena Wikipedia and Facebook to find out the real perpetrator or perpetrators .
The most recent high - profile outing of an anonymous writer came in April , when the identity of the author of the " Skanks in NYC " blog was unmasked after calling model Liskula Cohen a " psychotic , lying , whoring … skank . "
The Livingston lawsuit claims the anonymous Wikipedia editor is guilty of " despicable acts . "
The suit alleges libel , invasion of privacy and , among other things , breach of publicity rights .
The Wikipedia entry , for example , says the 42 - year - old Livingston was married Nov. 2 to Rosemarie Dewitt " although he is gay and officially confermed ( sic ) it in TMZ he is gay and darn proud . "
Ben Sheffner , a Hollywood copyright attorney , wonders in his Copyrights & Campaigns blog whether it is defamatory to falsely label somebody gay :
It 's a very interesting issue ; Obviously many people do n't like being falsely called gay , but some gay rights activists argue that to permit a defamation action for a false accusation of homosexuality perpetuates the harmful notion that there is something wrong , or shameful , about being gay .
Indeed , a New York federal court recently ruled that a false accusation of homosexuality is not defamatory per se .
He also does n't think a right of publicity was breached .
The alleged pranks do n't appear to have any commercial purpose , he wrote .
It 's likely a judge would order Facebook and Wikipedia to fork over the identities of those responsible .
But whether Livingston will continue with the suit is another matter .
Australian model Cohen decided not to sue Rosemary Port of " Skanks in NYC " after exposing her identity .
In that case , Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Joan Madden ruled that model Cohen demonstrated sufficient claims for the defamation lawsuit , and ordered Google to comply with the subpoena .
The judge noted that Port 's inflammatory comments , posted in conjunction with provocative photos of Cohen , implied that the model was a " sexually promiscuous woman " undermining Port 's assertion that her comments were merely opinion or hyperbole .
Photo : AP
See Also :
For people without health care or who are losing their jobs , the love affair with the free market is already over –the question is when they ’ll find somebody new , writes Brian Jones in the US online daily Socialist Worker .
IN FRANCE , you pay nothing to go to college .
In Britain , the National Health Service is free .
And in Sweden , any woman who gives birth receives two years of paid maternity leave .
Meanwhile , in the richest country on the planet , the United States , college graduates are buried in debt , medical bills are the leading cause of personal bankruptcy , and if you have children–well , you ’re on your own .
It should n’t come as any surprise that the former countries have formidable labor unions and even independent labor parties .
In the latter , we have no such labor party .
But we do have Michael Moore .
His new film , Capitalism : A Love Story , is at turns , infuriating , hilarious , shocking and inspiring .
He could have made a film just about the financial crisis , or just about the foreclosures , or just about Wall Street , but he did n’t .
Moore made a film about the whole damn system .
His work is both an expression of a new consciousness and a catalyst for its development .
Millions of people will find , in this film , confirmation of their own ideas , frustrations and aspirations .
Crucially , Moore reminds us of the high hopes that were invested in the presidential campaign of Barack Obama .
Obama talked about “ redistribution , ” and for that , the right wing labeled him a “ socialist , ” which only made him more popular , and made left young people curious about “ the S word . ”
But this is n’t a film about socialism .
It ’s a film about capitalism .
And yes , it ’s a love story .
IN MANY ways , Capitalism plays like a long - delayed sequel to Roger and Me , the film that put Moore on the map precisely 20 years ago .
Like Roger , Capitalism makes clever use of vintage propaganda reels and home movies , and casts Moore as a barnstorming muckraker , pounding on the doors of power with cameras rolling .
The love story begins with Moore ’s own home movies , through which we experience his nostalgia for the middle - class lifestyle his family enjoyed , based on the once - thriving automobile industry in Flint , Mich .
In exchange for their loyal service , workers could count on jobs for life , family wages and a good pension .
But that social contract was shredded in the 1970s , and Moore runs down the numbers on - screen with graphs that explain our pain–workers ’ growing productivity vs. their stagnating wages vs. the corporations ’ skyrocketing profits .
Moore tours us around the “ heartland ” –foreclosures in Cleveland , evictions in Peoria , young people incarcerated for profit in Wilkes - Barre–and asks what all of these things have in common .
The answer : each is an example of how the free market works against human needs .
We are shown a leaked Citigroup memo that boasts of the results of Wall Street ’s unbridled profiteering .
America has become a “ plutonomy , ” the memo gloats , where 1 percent of the population effectively owns and controls everything that goes on .
The memo warns about a lingering danger –everyone else still has 99 percent of the vote–and asks :
“ Is there a backlash building ? ”
Enter Barack Obama .
On virtually every issue that matters , Obama has deeply disappointed his supporters .
Capitalism , however , takes us back to a moment when the Obama campaign mobilized the very backlash Citigroup foresaw .
Moore shows us the faces of people –particularly African Americans–living through a moment of extraordinary change : Election Night 2008 .
We see the tears of joy , the dancing in the streets , and we remember the feeling that things were changing for the better in this country .
Enter Goldman Sachs .
Moore shows how “ Government Sachs ” alums worked in the Bush administration and in the Obama administration to manipulate the financial crisis to their advantage–at our expense .
Anyone who ’s seen the trailer in theaters or on television will know that Moore shows up on Wall Street with empty sacks to “ get the money back for the American people . ”
It ’s pure shtick , but the point still lands –these people wrecked the economy and were rewarded with trillions of our dollars .
While Moore is happy to skewer Democrats and Republicans alike for corruption and corporate cronyism , he leaves the question more open regarding Obama .
Viewers may be shocked to see and hear the footage of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt arguing that jobs , homes , education and , yes , health care should be guaranteed to all Americans under a new bill of rights .
We should keep in mind that FDR was speaking in a context of a labor movement that was organizing near - insurrections in several American cities , and was on the brink of forming its own political party .
One gets the feeling that the intended audience for this film is n’t only those who are questioning capitalism , but also Barack Obama personally .
Moore seems to be saying to the president : “ You do n’t have to be a corporate tool , you could be an FDR . ”
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
BUT THERE’S another , more radical dimension of the film that mainstream reviewers have missed : Moore points to solutions beyond what Obama may or may not do .
He points to what we could do to replace capitalism .
“ There ’s got to be a rebellion , ” says a man in the process of being evicted from his home in Illinois , “ between the people that have nothing and the people that have it all . ”
But what would that rebellion look like ?
What is the alternative to the free market ?
Here , Moore turns our attention to the arena that does the most to define our lives –the workplace .
Most workplaces , he says , are “ dictatorships , ” with zero democracy .
But is democracy possible at work ?
Capitalism takes us inside the Republic Windows & Doors factory in Chicago , where workers staged an old - fashioned occupation of the plant when it faced closure without workers getting promised severance pay .
Inside the occupied factory , we see workers meeting , discussing and making decisions together .
Moore shows us a worker - owned robotics plant , where employees make collective , democratic decisions about their work .
Moore is introducing the audience to a fundamental idea of socialism –workers ’ democracy .
There ’s much more to the case for socialism than this film takes up .
But Moore is expressing something basic about what ’s wrong with the system we live under , and what could replace it .
“ Capitalism is evil , ” he says , “ and you can not regulate evil .
You have to eliminate it and replace it with something else … with democracy . ”
For people without health care , who are losing their jobs and losing their homes , the love affair with the free market is already over .
They may not know what the solution is , but many are ready to discuss the fact that capitalism itself is the problem .
In other words , being ready to break up is n’t the same thing as finding someone new .
But millions of people are starting to look .
If you ’re reading these lines , chances are you ’re already on your way .
Go ahead and make the breakup official–get yourself to the nearest socialist meeting .
And while you ’re at it , bring three or four of your friends with you .
Angry people , meet America ’s new socialist movement .
Socialist movement , angry people .
You ’re meant for each other .
At a brief news conference after the caucus meeting , Mr. Reid refused to answer questions .
He said : “ This is like a steeplechase race .
The last big puddle is in front of us . ”
Senator Tom Harkin , Democrat of Iowa and chairman of the health committee , appeared to be laying the groundwork for a decision to abandon the Medicare buy - in .
“ There is enough good in this bill that we ought to move it ” even without the Medicare buy - in , Mr. Harkin said .
Among the most important provisions of the bill , he said , are stringent new federal regulation of health insurance and coverage for a wide range of preventive health services .
Senator Evan Bayh , Democrat of Indiana , said , “ If dropping the Medicare expansion is necessary , that ’s what should be done . ”
He reported that “ there was some disappointment by some members that some of the provisions could not be retained . ”
The idea of expanding Medicare to cover younger members of the public ran into trouble this weekend when Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , the Connecticut independent , said he would not vote for that proposal .
Given the need for Democrats to keep Mr. Lieberman in the fold , Democrats sought to find ways to ease his objections .
Mr. Lieberman and Senator Ben Nelson , Democrat of Nebraska and another potential Democratic defector , were both in the private meeting but did not speak , lawmakers said .
Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , who switched parties earlier this year to become a Democrat , urged his colleagues not to let obstructionists stand in the way .
“ I came to this caucus to be your 60th vote , ” he said to a round of applause , according to observers .
Democrats need 60 votes to pass the health care bill over Republican objections .
Two Takes on Hayek 's Flabbiness By Bryan Caplan
I ’ve long since lost all patience with Hayek .
His original , true ideas could have been five good blog posts , his errors and bizarre obsessions are numerous , and his writing style insults every person who ever tried to write a decent sentence .
On the latest Cato Unbound , Dan Klein tries to meet me halfway .
He grants many of these complaints , but excuses Hayek ’s failings as a strategic response to his statist intellectual climate :
I ’m a sucker for Hayek , however , and tend to forgive the
shortcomings .
I ca n’t help seeing him as an historic figure , struggling
desperately after the collapse and vanquishing of liberalism , the
professionalization of scholarship , and the fierce advance of
modernism .
The voluntary - coercive distinction —
The Distinction — was
anathema to contemporary intellectuals , and today remains a matter of
deep pervasive taboo .
Hayek was aristocratic in upbringing and genteel
in temperament , destined to make his thinking palatable , acceptable .
In
The Constitution of Liberty he defined liberty not properly , as others not messing with one ’s stuff ,
but vaguely and inconsistently , mostly in terms of some of its
appealing correlates .
Had he , like Herbert Spencer , William Graham
Sumner , and Mises , worked plainly and explicitly from The Distinction
in developing his ideas , his fate would have been very different —
well , very much like that of Spencer , Sumner , and Mises .
Strategic or
not , Hayek ’s circumlocutions may have been for the best .
To some extent Hayek wrote in code .
When he wrote of “ custom ” being
between instinct and reason , he mainly or often meant liberal
principles ; of “ competition as a discovery procedure , ” freedom as a
discovery procedure ; of “ the market , ” freedom ; of noncentral versus
central decisionmaking , freer versus less free .
All liberals still
practice such code when circumstances warrant it .
Between the lines ,
then , is focus on The Distinction .
Dan ’s defense was especially striking to me because I just read Rothbard vs. the Philosophers , which contains a self - described “ confidential memo ” on Hayek ’s Constitution of Liberty .
The Volker Fund , which had given Hayek a grant to write CoL , asked Rothbard for his opinion of a draft of the first fourteen chapters .
Here ’s what Mr. Libertarian wrote in 1958 :
Since Hayek is universally regarded , by Right and Left alike , as the leading right - wing intellectual , this will also be an extremely dangerous book .
The feeling one gets from reading it is the same sort of feeling I would have gotten if I had been a U.S. senator when Taft got up to support the Wagner public housing bill , or any of his other compromises : i.e. , that this tears it .
For when the supposed leader of one ’s movement takes compromising and untenable positions , the opposition can always say : “ but even Taft ( Hayek ) admits … ”
Hayek is the philosophic counterpart .
The only tenable conclusion is that any Volker Fund or any other support for this book will be self - destructive in the highest degree .
Since Rothbard lived in the same statist intellectual climate that Hayek did , it ’s hard to dismiss his strategic analysis .
If I were Dan , though , I ’d respond that , “ Nothing succeeds like success . ”
Ex ante , maybe it was reasonable for Rothbard to expect support for the book to be self - destructive .
Ex post , Hayek won a Nobel prize and inspired classical liberal reformers behind the Iron Curtain .
If I were me , however – and I am – I would remind Dan that another great libertarian economist won a Nobel prize and inspired great reforms without talking nonsense : Milton Friedman .
Friedman was influential in part because , like Hayek , he was a moderate “ libertarian bargainer . ”
Unlike Hayek , however , he was full of original true ideas , had few outright errors or bizarre obsessions , and wrote respectable sentences .
In a world with Friedman , I frankly can’t understand why my dear friend Dan Klein or anyone else would choose to be Hayek ’s sucker .
We know why there are wars , and we 've known it for a long time .
Good wars , that is , necessary wars , not wars by powerful foreign invaders , wars that might threaten our country .
Everybody knows we 're in the process of old - hat empire building , the kind designed by the British in the salad days of colonialism and for which they eventually took hits around the world by the likes of George Washington and Mahatma Gandhi .
No lessons learned there .
President Obama is about to make a momentous decision on Afghanistan .
He has been mulling over , for the last few weeks , how many more troops he will be sending to McChrystal , to further his counter - insurgency in that country .
Ten thousand ?
Eighty thousand ?
Whichever , it 's a process of foregone futility .
And everybody knows it .
But the mainstream media , heavy with punditry , spends endless hours hashing over every detail .
And you do n't have to be a weatherman to know which way the wind is blowing .
The propaganda circle from government handout to media coverage is complete .
These graphs are provided by The Center for Public Integrity whose mission is to produce original investigative journalism to make institutional power more transparent and accountable .
Just an example at random :
The Top 15 Private Contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan , 2004 - 2006
Name Amount Rank Unidentified Foreign Entities $ 20,435,870,190 1 KBR
Inc ( formerly known as Kellogg Brown and Root ) $ 16,059,282,020 2 DynCorp International ( Veritas Capital ) $ 1,838,156,100 3 Washington Group International Inc $ 1,044,686,850 4 IAP Worldwide Services Inc ( Cerberus Capital Management LP ) $ 901,973,910 5 Environmental Chemical Corp $ 899,701,070 6 L - 3 Communications Holdings Inc $ 853,535,680 7 Fluor Corp $ 736,853,200 8 Perini Corp $ 720,859,110 9 Orascom Construction Industries ( OCI ) $ 617,089,510 10 Parsons Corp $ 579,265,450 11 First Kuwaiti General Trading And Contracting Company Wll $ 495,404,500 12 Blackwater USA $ 485,149,590 13 Tetra Tech Inc $ 362,107,010 14 AMEC PLC $ 317,171,280 15
Here 's how the circle of influence works .
We elected Barack Obama to change all that , did n't we ?
But Obama took over from Bush without missing a stroke .
The faceless corporate oligarchy that runs this country has been around awhile .
It ran Clinton and Bush , now runs Obama .
( How far back do you want to take it ? )
Who are these oligarchs ?
Yes , there are factions within the oligarchy .
They have their differences .
They do n't all agree .
They represent different entities of industrial and corporate power .
They have their collateral network .
They are the pillars of capitalism .
They are mostly unheard and unseen , but occasionally you may get a glimpse of a face ...
Obamastocks.net says this :
Zbigniew Brzezinski - Puppet Master of Obama ?
" Zbigniew Brzezinski is the puppet master of Obama .
This is a fact .
Brzezinski is an 80 - year old man from Poland who despises Russia .
He was behind the catastrophic Carter administration .
Brzezinski has the ultimate plan of preventing China from gaining access to African oil .
China must have access to African oil or else the Chinese economy will recess rapidly .
Brzezinski figures this will force China to invade the oil rich fields of southeast Russia just above North Korea .
If China were to militarily take these oil fields from Russia , the two would obviously be at war which is what Brzezinski seeks .
That plan is perfect in his eyes as it will weaken those two super - powers thus enabling American imperialism to regain strength .
The real problem with this plan is that the Russians and Chinese are well aware of it .
They know what Brzezinski intends to do .
Unfortunately , the end result will most likely back fire on the west and produce world war III -- China and Russia against the US and Europe . "
The strategy of George W. Bush to keep the nation in a state of perpetual war was to keep the American public in a perpetual state of fear .
Obama is continuing that strategy .
We must keep an enemy in the cross -hairs .
Al Qaeda , of course , is the one that does the trick -- an Islamic group calling for global jihad .
They claimed responsibility for 9/11 -- blowing up the twin towers of the World Trade Center in New York City - - for blowing a hole in the USS Cole , for bombing US embassies in Africa .
Al - Qaeda has attacked civilian and military targets in various countries .
They have instilled fear in many places .
When you hear the words " Al Qaeda " , think bogeyman .
The demonizing of the word " terror " did n't originate with George W. Bush .
Ariel Sharon , army general and a former Israeli Prime Minister , and others before him , used the technique quite effectively .
They turned just about every Palestinian into a " terrorist " which put the mission of Zionism on the road to a Greater Israel .
Sharon 's own government found that he bore personal responsibility for the Sabra and Shatila refugee camp massacre of Palestinians in September of 1982 .
Acts like these notwithstanding , the United States has been a staunch ally of Israel and supporter , in this special relationship , through the years , despite its war - like moves against the Palestinians , the Gaza Strip and the adjoining country of Lebanon .
According to Kathleen and Bill Christison , writing in Counterpunch , the United States committed to giving Israel $ 30 billion over the next decade .
The only stipulation to Israel 's use of this cash gift is that it spends 74 % of it to purchase U.S. military goods and services .
Israel is , by far , the largest recipient of U.S. foreign aid .
Not bad for our war industry .
We can keep our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan going , and then some .
Do you like the idea of your son or daughter giving his or her life for the profits of KRB or DynCorp International ?
I do n't think anyone could call that " service to my country . "
_______
SEFleischman
About author Stephen Fleischman , writer - producer - director of documentaries , spent thirty years in Network News at CBS and ABC .
His memoir is now in print .
See Stephen Fleischman , writer - producer - director of documentaries , spent thirty years in Network News at CBS and ABC .
His memoir is now in print .
See www.amahchewahwah.com , e-mail stevefl@ca.rr.com
Do you know when you ’re most productive ?
I bet you have some idea .
Perhaps it ’s early morning , or late at night – or even in the middle of the night !
How can you determine that ?
Simple – measure progress .
Even if you do n’t do it , you know how to – counting calories , tracking where you waste time online , and looking at tasks completed .
In software development this is called velocity – the speed at which progress is being made .
That ’s great , but it ’s only useful when you ’re looking backward – seeing where you ’ve come from .
I ’ve been thinking lately about approaching my productivity proactively – and keeping an eye out for warning signs that my output is going to slow down .
What are some signs I can look for to warn me when I ” m going to be overwhelmed , and when my productivity is starting to go south ?
Do such things even exist ?
And can we act on these warning signs ?
[ reddit-me ]
It turns out there are early warning signs that my productivity and focus is waning – my own personal canaries in my productivity coal mine .
For many of them , they are symptoms of a larger problem .
Keeping an eye out for these warning signs me make sure I deal with the larger problems before they get out of hand .
I ’ll discuss a few , and start off with a a simple metric I ’ve found to help me see when i need to cut back : how messy my desk is .
A Messy Desk Is A Symptom – Not A Problem
I talk a lot about not taking on too many commitments , and focusing on my goals – but I ’m as guilty as anyone else of taking on too much at once .
For a long time I ’ve tried to always keep my work area clean and organized .
I do n’t like stray papers , and I do n’t even allow myself to put my cell phone on my desk : my workspace needs to be kept clear of any debris or distractions , because that is when I ’m most productive .
I had an epiphany recently though : my messy desk is a symptom – it ’s not the real problem .
I realized this when I considered what kinds of things ended up cluttering my desk .
Each type of clutter points to another real problem that needs to be solved :
Post it reminders .
I already have an electronic todo list set up .
Post it reminders mean I ’m no longer using my system for tracking tasks and projects .
It often also means I ’ve temporarily lost faith in the system – because I ’m not updating it properly .
The real solution is not to clean my desk – it ’s to get back on track with my todo list .
. I already have an electronic todo list set up .
Post it reminders mean I ’m .
It often also means I ’ve temporarily lost faith in the system – because I ’m not updating it properly .
is not to clean my desk – it ’s to get back on track with my todo list .
Papers to file .
When papers start cluttering my desk , even just one or two , it means I ’m falling behind on collecting and filing .
Sometimes it also means I ’m falling behind on projects , as these might be urgent things that I ’m leaving a physical reminder of to ensure it does n’t slip through the cracks .
The real solution is to cut down on my commitments – because I ’ve become too time - starved to keep my records in order .
.
When papers start cluttering my desk , even just one or two , it means I ’m .
Sometimes it also means I ’m falling behind on projects , as these might be urgent things that I ’m leaving a physical reminder of to ensure it does n’t slip through the cracks .
is to cut down on my commitments – because I ’ve become too time - starved to keep my records in order .
Keys , wallet and cellphone .
I have a place for my keys and wallet on the counter , and a specific spot to the side of my desk for my cell phone .
If these things are out of place , it most likely mean I ’m in a hurry – I pulled them out of my pocket and threw them on the first available surface .
The real solution is slow my life down – relax , and once again , cut some commitments .
Stop scheduling things so close together .
Disorganization On My Desk Is n’t A Problem – It ’s My Early Warning Sign
In the past I ’ve noticed the correlation between clear desk space and my productivity – but I had the relationship all wrong .
Being organized helps my productivity to a certain degree , but being disorganized does n’t hamper it that much : rather , being disorganized is the first warning sign that I ’ve got other problems that need to be fixed .
More Warning Signs
Skipping My Weekly Review .
This often means I am subconsciously avoiding it , an indication that I have let my GTD system slide .
When I start taking my weekly review less seriously , that ’s when I really need it .
.
This often means I am subconsciously avoiding it , an indication that I have let my GTD system slide .
When I start taking my weekly review less seriously , that ’s when I need it .
Not Looking at My Todo List , and Not Scheduling Items On My Calendar .
As I alluded to earlier , when I ’m not looking at my task list , that means I ’m not longer taking my task list seriously .
The same applies to my calendar – if I ’m not putting things on it , it ’s because I ’ve lost faith in it .
.
As I alluded to earlier , when I ’m not looking at my task list , that means I ’m not longer taking my task list seriously .
The same applies to my calendar – if I ’m not putting things on it , it ’s because I ’ve lost faith in it .
Searching For Pens .
There are 4 places I always leave writing tools : in my journal by my bed , in my pen holder , attached to my writing pad at my desk , and in my large writing pad ( typically left in my backpack ) .
If the pens are n’t where they should be , that ’s a problem – though not as clear cut , it usually means I ’m hurried and over - committed .
These are just a few examples .
What about you ?
What are the first little things you notice just before you lose steam or lose focus ?
What minor tasks and chores do you let slide ?
Of course , during this time of year ( family , friends and vacation ) perhaps it ’s time to let everything slide a little .
You may not be as motivated to stick to your goals during the holidays – and instead enjoy this awesome drinking song by my buddy Seamus Anthony about trying to stick to your goals - and failing : Friggin ’ Christmas .
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends , or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link :
http://tr.im/warnme
Further Reading :
Favorites This Week :
Despite the billions spent since 2001 on intelligence and counterterrorism programs , sophisticated airport scanners and elaborate watch lists , it was something simpler that averted disaster on a Christmas Day flight to Detroit : alert and courageous passengers and crew members .
During 19 hours of travel , aboard two flights across three continents , law enforcement officials said , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab bided his time .
Then , just as Northwest Flight 253 finally began its final approach to Detroit around noon on Friday , he tried to ignite the incendiary powder mixture he had taped to his leg , they said .
There were popping sounds , smoke and a commotion as passengers cried out in alarm and tried to see what was happening .
One woman shouted , “ What are you doing ? ” and another called out , “ Fire ! ”
And then history repeated itself .
Just as occurred before Christmas in 2001 , when Richard C. Reid tried to ignite plastic explosives hidden in his shoe on a trans -Atlantic flight , fellow passengers jumped on Mr. Abdulmutallab , restraining the 23 - year - old Nigerian .
Drugs will always fascinate us because they can change the way we perceive reality .
Some effects of drugs are so powerfully they alter reality and demonstrate why we call these drug induced episodes ‘ trips ’ .
Not all drugs are able to do what their fans or critics claim while others have a few more effects than advertised .
Weird drug urban legend Number One : Can LSD make you want to jump and shout ?
Lysergic acid diethylamide commonly referred to as acid might make you want to shout , but the jumping part seems to be an urban legend .
The weird effect LSD is alleged to have sends people jumping out of windows .
Everyone has heard a story or two in which someone ; often a famous person , takes the drug made popular in 1960 ’s by Timothy Leary , and then goes literally off the deep end .
Art Linkletter an American television celebrity in the 1950’s and 1960 ’s made this claim famous by convincing the public his 20 - year - old daughter Diane Linkletter jumped to her death from her apartment window in the midst of an LSD induced hallucination .
When it came to light his daughter ’s autopsy results showed no evidence of LSD in her system Linkletter changed the story to her jumping during a ‘ flashback ’ after taking the drug in the recent past .
The problem with his theory is usually , this drug eliminates from the system quickly , and only rarely do some users have a secondary effect days or weeks after taking the drug .
Over 70 % of users never have a flashback , and while it is not known what causes them , this after effect is usually shorter in duration than when first taking the drug and it is a reduced experience from actually retaking the acid .
It ’s unlikely this would cause anyone to dive out a window .
The hallucinatory effect of LSD is most often fairly mild and involves a change in the senses or mingling of different perceptions .
Side effects include panic attacks , extreme anxiety , paranoia and a sense of doom .
These effects known a ‘ bad trip ’ are thought to occur when using the drug in an unfamiliar setting , around strangers , or when already feeling depressed , angry or having anxiety .
( So , first time LSD ‘ abusers ’ should just sit down , relax , take your laptops and try to locate residential rehabs in North Carolina because that awful feeling ain’t going away by itself !
Ok , ok , calm down !
I ’m just messing with your head … )
Link
Link
Weird drug urban legend Number Two : Toad Licking Gets You High
There ’s no telling how licking a toad might make the amphibian feel , but it ’s not going to even give you a buzz .
Psychoactive toads are loaded with psychoactive substances of the same family bufotoxins can be derived from DEHE , but the substance is best obtained by milking the toad ’s venom .
To get enough venom from a Colorado River for instance you have to stroke it under the chin to stimulate its defensive response , then milk and dry the venom .
The end product can induce psychedelic mind effects , but licking would n’t be effective .
While there are some bufotoxins on a toad ’s skin it would n’t be enough to have any effect .
For all your effort in chasing down a toad all you ’d be left with is a bad taste in your mouth .
Link1 Link2
Weird drug urban legend Number Three : Can Spanish Fly Get You Lucky ?
More than likely slipping someone else Spanish fly will get you arrested .
Spanish fly is actually an emerald green beetle also called cantharides .
The crushed powder of Spanish fly is yellowish brown , brown or olive - brown in color with iridescent reflections .
It smells bitter and has an overall unpleasant fragrance no one would add to their aroma therapy collection .
Crushed up Spanish fly is sometimes given to livestock to induce them to breed .
When the substance passes through the urethral passages in the urine it causes inflammation in the genitals and an erection of the penis or clitoris is possible .
As good as that might sound ordinarily this can be potentially painful and even deadly .
When a human is given cantharides for the purpose of seduction they are actually in for a night of painful urination , fever and often a bloody discharge that would put a dramatic end to a romantic evening .
There ’s a possibility of permanent damage to the kidneys and genitals .
The balance between the amount where there is no effect and an overdose is so small the person could easily be killed by Spanish fly .
Link
Link
Weird drug urban legend Number Four :
There ’s no real Zombie drug
There are no drugs that make you start yearning for brains to munch on , but the idea of a drug that can place you in a stupefied or near death state should n’t be dismissed as quickly .
Yes , oddly enough there are two drugs that can put you temporarily at least in someone else ’s thrall .
Powder from grounded up Puffer fish has been used in several cultures to give a victim the appearance of death .
While it sounds like the stuff of horror movies the toxin in the Puffer fish renders a person completely paralyzed with a low heart and breathing rate .
In at least one documented case a victim claimed he was so drugged , buried by his own family , and then dug up by those who had poisoned him for the purpose of having him work on a farm as slave labor .
Zombie drug is also a name given to the medicine scopolamine .
This drug is used in very small amounts for the treatment of motion sickness , and Parkinson ’s disease .
Criminals use the drug to render a victim helpless .
At certain concentrations the drug leaves the victim conscious , but with no free will .
The victim usually wakes with no memory of what happened while under the drug ’s influence .
Used mostly as a ‘ date rape ’ drug scopolamine has also been used to gain information from victims such as their bank account number and passwords .
At high levels this drug is deadly .
Link
Link
Weird drug urban legend Number Five :
No drug can truly make you forget
A few drugs actually can make you forget your troubles , unfortunately your name , address , and life history disappear too .
For instance , Mirapex used since 1997 to treat Parkinson ’s and restless leg symptoms lost patients the memories of what they did the day before they took the medicine .
Certain statins used in lowering cholesterol lost some patient ’s long term memories like high school graduation .
Worse for others was coming home to find a person they did n’t know who insisted they were married and had children .
Fortunately going off the medicines got them their memories and their lives back in order .
Link
Written by Kacey Stapleton – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
As the holiday season unfolds , our thoughts on The Ticket turn to working not quite so hard for a few days .
So we are re-publishing some of our favorite or most - read items from 2009 .
This item originally appeared on Nov. 17 .
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has never made any bones , if you will , about her culinary preferences .
She 's a carnivore , a hunter and proud of both .
So it 's not really a surprise that her book , " Going Rogue , " published today , extols the virtues of eating meat .
" If any vegans came over for dinner , I could whip them up a salad , then explain my philosophy on being a carnivore , " she wrote .
" If God had not intended for us to eat animals , how come He made them out of meat ? ”
But the former Republican vice presidential candidate did not stop there .
“ I love meat , " she writes .
" I eat pork chops , thick bacon burgers , and the seared fatty edges of a medium - well - done steak .
But I especially love moose and caribou .
I always remind people from outside our state that there 's plenty of room for all Alaska 's animals -- right next to the mashed potatoes . ”
A vegetarian from Cleveland took issue with Palin .
In a blog on the Examiner , Daelyn Fourtney wrote that Palin 's remarks " will surely receive a chuckle and thumbs up from many avid hunters and steak house patrons .
It is a sad statement on our society when we applaud those who refer to animals as the centerpiece of their dinner plate . "
Now , Fourtney is reporting that she has received a lot of hostile e-mails from conservatives assuming her to be a left - wing pinko .
A sampling of her inbox :
* “ The liberal / socialist media elites are terrified of America 's new Reagan and it's so much fun to see their PDS ( Palin Derangement Syndrome ) on display ... including this Fortney writer . ” – freeperjim
“ Politicizing Food now ?... is nothing sacred ?
... off , Alinksy Vegan Radicals . ” – Tyler
“ You liberals and militant vegs .
apparently need a humor transplant . ”
– Keith
The Cleveland food writer -- in some quarters now known as the " Rogue Vegetarian " -- said her politics are separate from her eating habits .
" I have chosen to live a vegetarian lifestyle because I believe in the sanctity of life for all creatures , " she said .
" Assuming that one is left or right based on what they choose to eat is a dangerous road to travel . "
Still , she said , she 's not counting on a Christmas card from the Republican Party this year .
-- Johanna Neuman
Photo : Palin with a caribou she shot in Alaska .
Credit : Associated Press
Click here to get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
And we 're also over here on Facebook
Earl 's Court is the location of the famous exhibition centre , where massive events such as award ceremonies , sports , fashion and music events are held .
It is one of the largest indoor arenas in the country .
This draws many people to the area , and visitors from all over the world come to stay here regularly .
The streets are lined with grand white town houses , bars and restaurants , making it the perfect place to bring a date .
If you are a discerning gentleman looking for some company , simply have a look online for ' Escorts London Earl 's Court ' and browse through the portfolios of gorgeous women .
Just like a fantasy come true , you can choose the girl you are most attracted to , call the agency and book a date with her .
At V London Escorts , we take great care in selecting only the highest calibre of ladies who would make the very best companions for you .
They are happy to visit you either at your place of residence or any hotel , and they will make sure that your time together is thoroughly enjoyable .
We only allow the most beautiful , sensual and intelligent girls to represent our agency so you can be assured that whomever you choose as your companion will be first class .
Before the Norman Conquest , Earl 's Court was a rural area covered in green fields .
Today it is a built up district that is rapidly developing .
In the last decade , property prices have increased steadily , raising the tone of the area .
If you live here , ' escorts London Earl 's Court ' are the most exciting way to spend your time .
Within an hour of calling the booking agency , you could be in the company of a genuine beauty - and she will want to show you a good time .
You are sure to enjoy an Earl 's Court escort 's fabulous companionship .
However if you are one of the thousands who visit , why not hire an escort to keep you company in your hotel ?
If you are interested in booking escorts London Earls Court , call V London Escorts .
We cater to every man 's taste , and your chosen girl will be brought to your door at a time to suit your schedule .
There really is no better way to spend your time !
There are plenty of attractions in nearby Kensington High Street and Hyde Park , so if you prefer to go out you will not be short of things to do .
Earl 's Court escorts are hugely popular and make wonderful companions .
Edward Harrison here .
This is an updated version of a post I wrote about two - and - a - half months ago over at Credit Writedowns .
When I wrote it , I had been looking for bullish data points as counterfactuals to my bearish long - term outlook .
I found some , but not nearly enough .
Early this year , I wrote a post “ We are in depression ” , which called the ongoing downturn a depression with a small ‘ d. ’
I was optimistic that policymakers could engineer a fake recovery predicated on stimulus and asset price reflation – and this was bullish for financial shares if not the broader stock market .
But , we are witnessing temporary salves for a deeper structural problem .
So my goal was to find data which disproved my original thesis .
But , I came away more convinced that we are in a tenuous cyclical upturn .
This post will discuss why we are in a depression , not a recession and what this means about likely future economic and investing paths .
I pull together a number of threads from previous posts , so it is pretty long .
I have shortened it in order to pull all of the ideas into one post .
So , please read the linked posts for background as I left out a lot of the detail in order to create this narrative .
Let ’s start here then with the crux of the issue : debt .
Deep recession rooted in structural issues
Back in my first post at Credit Writedowns in March 2008 , I said that the U.S. was already in a recession , the only question being how deep and how long .
The issue was and still is overconsumption i.e. levels of consumption supported only by increase in debt levels and not by future earnings .
This is the core of our problem – debt .
I see the debt problem as an outgrowth of pro-growth , anti-recession macroeconomic policy which developed as a reaction to the 1970s lost decade trauma in the U.S. and the U.K. .
The 70s was a low growth , high inflation ride that generated poor market returns .
The U.K. became the sick man of Europe and labor strife brought the economy to its knees .
For the U.S. , we saw the resignation of an American President and the humiliation of the Iran Hostage Crisis .
In essence , after the inflationary outcome that many saw as an outgrowth of the Samuelson - Keynesianism of the 1960s and 1970s , the Reagan - Thatcher era of the 1990s ushered in a more ‘ free - market ’ orientation in macroeconomic policy .
The key issue was government intervention .
Policy makers following Samuelson ( more so than Keynes himself ) have stressed the positive effect of government intervention , pointing to the Great Depression as animus , and the New Deal , and World War II as proof .
Other economists ( notably Milton Friedman , and later Robert Lucas ) have stressed the primacy of markets , pointing to the end of Bretton Woods , the Nixon Shock and stagflation as counterfactuals .
They point to the Great Moderation and secular bull market of 1982 - 2000 as proof .
This is a divisive and extremely political issue , in which the two sides have been labeled Freshwater and Saltwater economists ( see my post “ Freshwater versus saltwater circa 1988 ” ) .
However , just as the policy of the 1950s to the 1970s was not really Keynesian ( see what Richard Posner says about Keynes ’ General Theory and you will see why ) , the 1980s - 2000 was not really an era of ‘ free markets . ’
I call it deregulation as crony capitalism .
What this has meant in practice is that the well - connected , particularly in the financial services industry , have won out over the middle classes ( a view I take up in “ A populist interpretation of the latest boom - bust cycle ” ) .
In fact , hourly earnings peaked over 35 years ago in the United States when adjusting for inflation .
The 1970s was a difficult period in which the U.K. and the U.S. saw jobs vanish in key industrial sectors .
To stop the rot and effectively mask the lack of income growth by average workers , a new engine of growth had to be found .
Enter the financial sector .
The financialization of the American and British economies began in the 1980s , greatly increasing the size and impact of the financial sector ( see Kevin Phillips ’ book “ Bad Money ” ) .
The result was an enormous increase in debt , especially in the financial sector .
This debt problem was made manifest repeatedly during financial crises of the era .
Not all of these crises were American – most were abroad and merely facilitated by an increase in credit , liquidity , and international capital movement .
In March 2008 , I wrote in my third post on the US economy in 2008 :
From the very beginning , the excess liquidity created by the U.S. Federal Reserve created an excess supply of money , which repeatedly found its way through hot money flows to a mis-allocation of investment capital and an asset bubble somewhere in the global economy .
In my opinion , the global economy continued to grow above trend through to the new millennium because these hot money flows created bubbles only in less central parts of the global economy ( Mexico in 1994 - 95 , Thailand and southeast Asia in 1997 , Russia and Brazil in 1998 , and Argentina , Uruguay , and Brazil in 2001 - 03 ) .
But , this growth was unsustainable as the global imbalances mounted .
Eventually , the debt burdens became too large and resulted in the housing meltdown and the concomitant collapse of the financial sector , a problem that our policymakers should have foreseen and the reason my blog is named Credit Writedowns .
Make no mistake , the housing and writedown problems are only symptoms ; the real problem is the debt – specifically an overly indebted private sector ( note the phrase ‘ private sector ’ as I will return to this topic ) .
This is a depression , not a recession
When debt is the real issue underlying an economic downturn , the result is either Great Depression - like collapse or a period of stagnation and short business cycles as we have seen in Japan over the last two decades .
This is what a modern - day depression looks like – a series of W’s where uneven economic growth is punctuated by fits of recession .
A garden - variety recession is merely a period of recalibration after businesses get ahead of themselves by overestimating consumption demand and are then forced to cut back by making staff redundant , paring back inventories and cutting capacity .
Recessions can be overcome with the help of automatic stabilizers like unemployment insurance to cushion the blow .
Depression is another event entirely .
Back in February , I highlighted a blurb from David Rosenberg which summed up the differences between recession and depression pretty well .
Recessions are typically characterized by inventory cycles – 80 % of the decline in GDP is typically due to the de-stocking in the manufacturing sector .
Traditional policy stimulus almost always works to absorb the excess by stimulating domestic demand .
Depressions often are marked by balance sheet compression and deleveraging : debt elimination , asset liquidation and rising savings rates .
When the credit expansion reaches bubble proportions , the distance to the mean is longer and deeper .
Unfortunately , as our former investment strategist Bob Farrell ’s Rule # 3 points out , excesses in one direction lead to excesses in the opposite direction .
The day after I highlighted Ray Dalio ’s version of this story which added some more color .
Notice the part about printing money and devaluing the currency if the debt is in your own currency .
… economies go through a long - term debt cycle — a dynamic that is self - reinforcing , in which people finance their spending by borrowing and debts rise relative to incomes and , more accurately , debt - service payments rise relative to incomes .
At cycle peaks , assets are bought on leverage at high - enough prices that the cash flows they produce are n’t adequate to service the debt .
The incomes are n’t adequate to service the debt .
Then begins the reversal process , and that becomes self - reinforcing , too .
In the simplest sense , the country reaches the point when it needs a debt restructuring …
This has happened in Latin America regularly .
Emerging countries default , and then restructure .
It is an essential process to get them economically healthy .
We will go through a giant debt - restructuring , because we either have to bring debt - service payments down so they are low relative to incomes — the cash flows that are being produced to service them — or we are going to have to raise incomes by printing a lot of money .
It is n’t complicated .
It is the same as all bankruptcies , but when it happens pervasively to a country , and the country has a lot of foreign debt denominated in its own currency , it is preferable to print money and devalue …
The Federal Reserve went out and bought or lent against a lot of the debt .
That has had the effect of reducing the risk of that debt defaulting , so that is good in a sense .
And because the risk of default has gone down , it has forced the interest rate on the debt to go down , and that is good , too .
However , the reason it has n’t actually produced increased credit activity is because the debtors are still too indebted and not able to properly service the debt .
Only when those debts are actually written down will we get to the point where we will have credit growth .
There is a mortgage debt piece that will need to be restructured .
There is a giant financial - sector piece — banks and investment banks and whatever is left of the financial sector — that will need to be restructured .
There is a corporate piece that will need to be restructured , and then there is a commercial - real - estate piece that will need to be restructured .
The Fake Recovery
So where are we , then ?
We are in a fake recovery that could last as long as three or four years or could peter out very quickly in a double dip recession .
You may have seen my April post on the fake recovery .
Read it .
I wo n’t cover that ground here .
However , I will highlight how I came to believe in the fake recovery and how asset prices have played into this period ( the S&L crisis played out nearly the same way ) .
I see writedowns as core to the transmission mechanism of debt and credit problems to the real economy via reduced supply and demand for credit .
Again , this is why my site is called Credit Writedowns .
In March , at the depths of the downturn I wrote :
The problem is the writedowns .
You see , if you get $ 30 billion in capital from the government , but lose another $ 40 billion because of credit writedowns and loan losses , you are n’t going to be lending any money .
To me , that says the downturn will only end when the massive writedowns end , not before .
The U.S. government has finally realized this and is now moving to stem the tide .
Their efforts point in four directions : Increase asset prices .
If the assets on the balance sheets of banks are falling , then why not buy them at higher prices and stop the bloodletting ?
This is the purpose of the TALF , Obama ’s mortgage relief program and the original purpose of the TARP .
Increase asset prices .
If assets on the balance sheet are falling , why not eliminate the accounting rules that are making them fall ?
Get rid of marking - to - market .
This is the purpose of the newly proposed FASB accounting rule change .
Increase asset prices .
If asset prices on the balance sheet are falling , why not reduce interest rates so that the debt payments which are crushing debtors ability to finance those assets are reduced ?
This is why short - term interest rates are near zero .
Increase asset prices .
If asset prices on the balance sheet are falling , why not create Public - Private partnerships to buy up those assets at prices which reflect their longer - term value ?
This is what Geithner ’s Capital Assistance Program is designed to do .
So I lied , there is only one direction the government is headed : increase asset prices ( or , at least keep them from falling ) .
Read White House Economic Advisor Larry Summers ’ recent prepared remarks to see what I mean .
( Summers on How to Deal With a ‘ Rarer Kind of Recession ’ – WSJ )
I was more on target in my thinking here than I could have known .
The mark - to - market model died and mark - to - make believe began .
It was then that I knew a recovery was likely to take hold .
And it was going to be bullish for bank stocks and the broader market .
What you should realize is that , despite the remaining problems in credit cards , commercial real estate or high yield loans , limiting credit growth , the changes instituted by government definitely have meant 1 . that banks will earn a shed load of money and 2 .
that house price declines have stalled , underpinning the asset base of lenders .
This necessarily means an end to massive writedowns , a firming of banks ’ capital base , and a reduction in private sector deleveraging .
And the recent brouhaha over Citi ’s favorable tax deal in exiting TARP should tell you the government will stop at nothing to keep accounting favorable for the big banks .
As for the recent asset - based economic reflation , be under no illusion that these measures ‘ solve ’ the problem .
The toxic assets are still toxic and banks are still under- capitalized .
But increased asset values and the end of huge writedowns has underpinned the banks and led to a rise in the broader market in a feedback loop that has been far greater than I could have imagined at this stage in the economic cycle .
The double dip or the economic boom ?
So what ’s next ?
A lot of the economic cycle is self - reinforcing ( the change in inventories is one example ) .
So it is not completely out of the question that we see a multi - year economic boom .
Higher asset prices , lower inventories , fewer writedowns all lead to higher lending capacity , higher cyclical output , more employment opportunities and greater business and consumer confidence .
If employment turns up appreciably before these cyclical agents lose steam , you have the makings of a multi - year recovery .
This is how every economic cycle develops .
This one is no different in this regard .
Now , I have turned slightly more dour of late and see a double dip as more likely in the medium - term .
Longer - term , things depend on government because we are in a balance sheet recession .
Ray Dalio and David Rosenberg make this case well in the previous quotes I supplied , but it was a post about Richard Koo from Prieur du Plessis which originally got me to write this post .
His post , “ Koo : Government fulfilling necessary function ” reads as follows :
According to Koo , American consumers are suffering from a balance sheet problem and will not increase consumption until their personal finances are back in order .
The banks are not lending mainly because nobody wants to borrow and , furthermore , the banks want to build their own balance sheets ( raise cash ) and get rid of toxic garbage …
Again , when asked what would happen if the government cuts back on its fiscal stimulus , Koo replies : “ Until the private sector is finished repairing its balance sheets , if the government tries to cut its spending , we ’re going to fall into the same trap Franklin Roosevelt fell into in 1937 ( a crushing bear market ) and Prime Minister Hashimoto fell into in 1997 , exactly 70 years later .
“ The economy will collapse again and the second collapse is usually far worse than the first .
And the reason is that , after the first collapse , people tend to blame themselves .
They say , ‘ I should n’t have played the bubble .
I should n’t have borrowed money to invest – to speculate on these things . ’
I wrote last November that if government stops the support , recession is going to happen .
The U.S. economy cannot possibly work itself out of the greatest financial crisis in some 70 - odd years in a mere 4 years and then expect to raise taxes on the middle class without a major recessionary relapse .
So , when you hear policy makers talking about reducing the deficit as soon as possible , what you should think is 1938 and continued depression .
Right now , if you listen to what President Obama is likely to do , you know that the government prop for the economy is going to be taken away .
Get ready because the second dip will occur .
It will be nasty : unemployment will be higher and stocks will go lower than in 2009 .
I
The question now is one of timing : when will the government stop propping up the economy ?
The more robust the recovery , the quicker the prop ends and the sooner we get a second leg down .
So to recap :
A depression was borne out of high levels of private sector debt , the unsustainability of which became apparent after a financial crisis .
The effects of this depression have been lessened by economic stimulus and government support .
Government intervention led to a reduction in asset price declines , which led to stock market increases , which led to asset price stabilization and more stock market increases and eventually to asset price increases .
This has led to a false sense that green shoots are leading to a sustainable recovery .
In reality , the problems of high debt levels in the private sector and an undercapitalized financial system are still lurking , waiting for the government to withdraw its economic support to become realized Because large scale government deficit spending is politically unpalatable and unsustainable over the long - term , expect a second economic dip within three to four years at the latest .
Why is government spending key ?
The government plays a crucial role here because of the huge private sector indebtedness .
In the U.S. and the U.K. , the public sector is not nearly as indebted .
So while , the private sector rebuilds its savings and reduces debt , the public sector can pick up the slack .
Marshall Auerback says it best in a recent post :
We ’ve said it before and we ’ll say it again .
As a matter of national accounting , the domestic private sector cannot increase savings unless and until foreign or government sectors increase deficits .
Call this the tyranny of double entry bookkeeping : the government ’s deficit equals by identity the non-government ’s surplus .
So , if the US private sector is to rebuild its balance sheet by spending less than its income , the government will have to spend more than its tax revenue .
The only other possibility is that the rest of the world stops saving on a massive scale — letting the US run a current account surplus .
But that is highly implausible and socially undesirable , since it means we export our economic output , rather than consume it domestically .
And if the government deficit does not grow fast enough to meet the saving needs of the private domestic sector , national income will decline , which , given the size of the private sector ’s debt problem , will generate a huge debt deflation .
This is the foundation of modern monetary theory .
Would that the IMF and the G20 understood these basic facts .
If the private sector is a net saver , the public sector must run a deficit .
The only other way to prevent the government from running a deficit when the private sector is net saving is to run huge current account surpluses by exporting your way out of recession – what Germany and Japan tried in the 1990s and in this decade .
However , I must admit to having a preternatural disaffection for large deficits and big government which is what Koo and Minsky advise respectively .
It is this knee - jerk aversion to what is viewed as fiscal profligacy which makes it likely that the government prop will be taken away inducing another downturn .
So , what does this mean for the American and global economy ?
The private sector ( particularly households ) is overly indebted .
The level of debt households now carry cannot be supported by income at the present levels of consumption .
The natural tendency , therefore , is toward more saving and less spending in the private sector ( although asset price appreciation can attenuate this through the Wealth Effect ) .
That necessarily means the public sector must run a deficit or the import - export sector must run a surplus .
Most countries are in a state of economic weakness .
That means consumption demand is constrained globally .
There is no chance that the U.S. can export its way out of recession without a collapse in the value of the U.S. dollar .
That leaves the government as the sole way to pick up the slack .
Since state and local governments are constrained by falling tax revenue ( see WSJ article ) and the inability to print money , only the Federal Government can run large deficits .
Deficit spending on this scale is politically unacceptable and will come to an end as soon as the economy shows any signs of life ( say 2 to 3 % growth for one year ) .
Therefore , at the first sign of economic strength , the Federal Government will raise taxes and / or cut spending .
The result will be a deep recession with higher unemployment and lower stock prices .
Meanwhile , all countries which issue the vast majority of debt in their own currency ( U.S , Eurozone , U.K. , Switzerland , Japan ) will inflate .
They will print as much money as they can reasonably get away with .
While the economy is in an upswing , this will create a false boom , predicated on asset price increases .
This will be a huge bonus for hard assets like gold , platinum or silver .
However , when the prop of government spending is taken away , the global economy will relapse into recession .
I believe this dynamic will induce a Scylla and Charybdis of inflationary and deflationary forces , forcing central bankers to add and withdraw liquidity in a manic way .
The likely volatility in government spending and taxation gives you the makings of a depression shaped like a series of W ’s consisting of short and uneven business cycles .
The secular force is the D - process and the deleveraging , so I expect deflation to be the resulting secular trend more than inflation .
Needless to say , this kind of volatility will induce a wave of populist sentiment , leading to an unpredictable and violent geopolitical climate and the likelihood of more muscular forms of government .
From an investing standpoint , consider this a secular bear market for stocks then .
Play the rallies , but be cognizant that the secular trend for the time being is down .
The Japanese example which we are now tracking is a best case scenario .
That ’s my thesis .
What ’s your view ?
Brazil Wins Miss Earth 2009 Title
Miss Brazil Larissa Ramos was crowned Miss Earth 2009 .
The competition was held at the Boracay Ecovillage Resort Convention Center , Philippines .
She beat out 80 contestants .
This is Brazil ’s second win ( the most ) in the nine - year history of the pageant .
The new Miss Earth beauty is a 19 - year - old Biology student .
The rest of her court are Miss Philippines Sandra Seifert as Miss Air ( First Runner - up ) , Miss Venezuela Jessica Barboza as Miss Water ( Second Runner - up ) and Miss Spain Alejandra Echevarria as Miss Fire ( Third Runner - up ) .
Countries who made the rest of the top 16 are Thailand , Poland , Martinique , Colombia , France , Georgia , India , Korea , Northern Ireland , Paraguay , Singapore and South Africa .
The reigning Miss Earth titleholders dedicate their year to promote environmental projects and to address issues concerning the environment .
In 2006 , the Miss Earth pageant started to co-host the United Nations Environment Programme ’s Champions of the Earth , an annual international environment awards established in 2005 by the United Nations to recognize outstanding environmental achievers and leaders at a policy level .
*
Circa 1929 , Wall of Death , Revere Beach , MA
*
With the quickly improving build quality , speed , and more oil - tight engines , motorcycle racing was able to move from dirt tracks onto the motordromes of the 1910s– large wooden board tracks used for streamlined competition with banked turns of 70 - 80 degrees .
Riders soon learned a neat trick– that with a little speed , centripetal force made it possible for them to stick their bike sideways in turns on a completely vertical wall .
*
Motordrome racer on an Excelsior motorcycle , circa 1914
*
Motorcycle companies here and abroad ( Indian and BSA , to name a couple ) found that the public loved the thrill of peering down just a few feet away from the gunning biker beneath them , and thus it quickly became a highly promoted spectacle as manufacturers used it as a vehicle to advertise their brands , and daredevil riders upped the ante at breakneck speed to make a name for themselves and solidify their reputations on the infamous Wall of Death .
With roots that can be traced back to New York ’s own Coney Island , the Wall of Death attraction morphed into a motordrome on crack .
Motorcycles , carts and yep , even lions — simultaneously racing and criss - crossing in a raucous blur of fumes , fury , and fur inside the equivalent of an over - sized wooden barrel .
The sport had a strong run from the 1930s - 1960s ( with Indian Scouts being the over - riding bike of choice ) , but there are still hardcore enthusiasts to be found all over keeping it alive today .
*
Dick Monte with two handsome - as - hell Wall of Death riders , circa 1945 .
The rider on the left is Elias Harris , and on the right is Tornado Smith .
Photo from the late Carrie Tindale collection .
*
Wall of Death motorcycle rider , circa 1930s
*
“ Wall of Death ” AKA “ Auto Drome of Death ” motorcycle and cart riding crew , Stratford upon Avon
*
Unidentified lion and female Wall of Death driver from back in the day
*
“ Fearless ” Egbert of Collins Famous Death Riders & Racing Lion .
*
Mr. “ Fearless ” Egbert taking his five year - old lion for a ride on the Wall of Death at Mitcham fair .
*
Tornado Smith , the Wall of Death rider from Southend , and his wife having tea with their pet lion and lamb .
George “ Tornado ” Smith brought the Wall of Death from America to England in 1929 , and featured such spectacles as ” Briton the Wall - riding lion ” and “ Gymkhana Girls and Girl Protégées ” in his billing .
Check out the skull - and - crossbones badge on his beret , he ’s nowhere near as mild - mannered as he looks .
– Derek Berwin / Hulton Archive
*
Tornado Smith posts a letter while riding penny farthing bicycle .
He is wearing a learner plate and his bike is advertising his Wall of Death act .
– Derek Berwin / Hulton Archive
*
( Left ) Circa 1935 , Earls Court , London — Tornado Smith , who entertains the crowds at Olympia with his Wall of Death ride , is seen riding a penny - farthing on the Earls Court Road . — Image by © Hulton - Deutsch Collection
( Right ) Circa 1936 , Southend - on - Sea , England — Mr. “ Tornado ” Smith , a stunt motorcyclist , clips the toenails of his pet lion , at home .
— Image by © Hulton - Deutsch Collection
*
Circa 1949 , UK — Sixteen year old Maureen Swift riding with ‘ Tornado ’ Smith around ‘ The Wall of Death ’ attraction in the Southend Kursaal to promote BSA motorcycles .
— Image by © Hulton - Deutsch Collection
*
Circa 1949 , UK — Tornado Smith helps Maureen Swift ride a motorcycle around the “ Wall of Death ” to promote BSA motorcycles .
— Image by © Hulton - Deutsch Collection
*
Left - Female Wall of Death motorcycle rider Cookie Ayers - Crum on her Indian Scout , Right - Maureen Swift , circa 1949 .
*
Circa 1932 , Wall of Death stylin’ Scarboro riders .
*
Wall of Death– Proudly brought to you by the Indian Scout .
*
Wall of Death motorcycle rider performing with arms crossed .
*
The James E. Strates Show Cavalcade of Thrills– Wall of Death .
*
Racing Car on the Wall crew– Now featuring Speedy Rube Knight & Daredevil Alma .
*
Wall of Death Thrill Show with Fearless Lady Riders .
*
Nibble : Nibble or Snake game for Vim .
script karma Rating 67 / 23 , Downloaded by 4111 Comments , bugs , improvements Vim wiki created by Hari Krishna Dara script type game description - Based on my memories from the first PC game that I played called Nibble ( or Nibbles ? ) written for DOS I think in Basic .
- Recreated the first 5 levels that I remember , very easy to add new levels
( see s: InitLevel ( ) function ) .
- Use : Nibble command to start the game .
- Use 'h ' , 'j ' , 'k ' and 'l ' keys to control the direction of the snake and
drive it on to the aim ( call it a sleeping mouse :) .
- Use 'q ' to quit , < C - C > or < C - Break > to stop and < Space > to pause .
- You have 3 lives to expend .
The current number of lives , level and the score
is displayed .
- If the snake touches the border , the blocks or itself you loose a life .
- Game ends when all the lives are consumed or you complete all the levels .
Good exerciese to practice hjkl key movements , even for experienced Vi users ,
as you need to sometimes react very quickly .
Search_key_words : nibble nibbles snake game games hari krishna dara install details - Vim 7.0 ( Preferably GUI version ) .
- Extract the zip file into your runtime directory .
- Install genutils.vim ( vimscript # 197 )
- For a more uniform movement of the snake across both horizontally and vertically , use a font that gives you a more square looking block ( MS windows raster fonts on the console are a good example , but I could n't find a way to set these on a GUI version ) , and also resize Vim window to have equal number of rows and columns .
If you find such a font for GUI version , please let me know .
rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes nibble - 2.0.zip 2.0 2007-02-02 7.0 Hari Krishna Dara Just updated to work with Vim7 .
It now uses the new Vim7 Lists and
Dictionaries so much cleaner code than before .
No longer uses multvals .
nibble - 1.1.zip 1.1 2004-02-20 6.0 Hari Krishna Dara Updated with Bram 's feedback .
- Space should resume paused game .
- When paused , should be able to close the game window and still be able to resume it .
- Highlighting definition may not work on all the color schemes .
Also clears out any pending key strokes before starting a new level .
nibble - 1.0.zip 1.0 2004-02-19 6.0 Hari Krishna Dara Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
According to a report in the Financial Times , Microsoft has approached News Corp. about de-listing their sites from Google , which would be an apparent escalation in the search engine wars .
It appears that Microsoft is n’t limiting this to just News Corp either .
It ’s reported that they are approaching numerous online publishers and offering to pay them for content if they delist from Google .
One publisher approached by Microsoft said this is all about “ Microsoft hurting Google ’s margin ” .
Microsoft ’s new search engine Bing is their latest attempt to give Google a run for the money .
Here are the October search engine market shares , and as you can see Microsoft has a long way to go to beat out Google :
Bing has increased at the same rate that Google has , but what is interesting is that it appears their shares are coming from Yahoo .
In July of this year Microsoft and Yahoo entered a deal for Yahoo to use the Bing search engine on their sites in exchange for a split on advertising revenue , so Yahoo ’s decrease in the market share also directly effects Microsoft .
Of course the whole basis of this plan depends upon the belief that Google is actually “ stealing ” content , something that is in serious debate in both the tech and legal worlds .
If this war does escalate and end up in the courts then we could finally see a ruling come out on exactly what the “ fair use doctrine ” covers – something we have been running blind on for years .
Given the fact that Google only reproduces the headline and first few words of an article and that this use is both for research and archival purposes , it appears that Google would have a very strong case in the courts .
To really solidify their case and put the final nail in the coffin of this war , Google could remove advertising from the news section of their search engine , which is the only questionable part of “ fair use ” when it comes to their service .
Even better would be for Google to spin off the news part of their search engine and make it a non-profit partnered with Google .
Google can surely afford it , and this would destroy any battle Microsoft or News Corp may be planning .
Whatever happens with this , it is clear that Murdoch still is n’t set on removing his sites from Google .
I just checked again and what I reported a couple of weeks ago still stands – News Corp sites have explicit directions asking Google to index them .
This could also be used against the Murdoch / Microsoft plan .
What would happen if Google showed that News Corp sites saw a large percentage of their visits originate from Google ?
I know that they have records of those kind of metrics , and it would be interesting to hear News Corp argue that they did n’t mind Google increasing their online visibility all these years for free .
( cross posted at IntoxiNation )
I am phenomenally stupid .
Stupid in every conceivable way except one : I 'm dimly aware that I 'm stupid .
This means I spend much of my time assuming the rest of the world knows better , that everyone else effortlessly comprehends things I struggle to understand .
Things like long division , or which mobile phone tariff to go for .
In many ways , this is a comforting thought , as it means there 's a limitless pool of people more intelligent than myself I can call on for advice .
But sometimes I find out my gut assumption was right all along , and it's a deeply unsettling experience .
Take Dubai .
I 'm no expert on Dubai .
Never been there , and only read about it in passing .
The one thing I knew was that everything I heard about it sounded impossible .
It was a modern dreamland .
A concrete hallucination .
A sarcastic version of Las Vegas .
Dubai 's skyline was dotted with gigantic whimsical behemoths .
There were six - star hotels shaped like sails or shoes or starfish .
Skyscrapers so tall the moon had to steer its way around them .
It had immense off - shore developments : man-made archipelagos that resembled levels from Super Mario Sunshine .
One was in the shape of a spreading palm tree .
Another consisted of artificial islands representing every country in the world in miniature .
As if that was n't enough , a proposed future development called The Universe would depict the entire solar system .
When I first read about all this stuff , I felt a bit uneasy .
None of it sounded real or even vaguely sustainable .
I 'd been to Las Vegas a few times and seen crazy developments come and go .
The first time I visited , the hot new attractions were the Luxor , an immense onyx pyramid , and Treasure Island , a pirate fantasy world replete with lifesize galleons bobbing outside it .
Roughly halfway between the pair of them , a replica New York was under construction .
By my next visit , the novelty value of both the Luxor and Treasure Island had long since palled , and they now seemed less exotic than Chessington World of Adventures .
Meanwhile , unreal New York had been joined by unreal Paris and unreal Venice .
But even at their most huge and demented , none of these insane monuments looked as huge and demented as the projects being announced in Dubai .
Yet the novelties , while larger , were wearing thin even more quickly .
Dubai's
The World archipelago had n't even opened when the same developers announced The Universe , thereby making The World sound like a rather diminished prototype before anyone had moved in .
In Las Vegas the grimy engine that paid for each new chunk of mega - casino was there in plain sight at street level : woozy drunks thumbing coins into slots 24 hours a day .
Hundreds of thousands of them , slumped semi-conscious in rows like dozing cattle hooked up to milking machines .
Ching ching ching , slurp slurp slurp .
It was like watching a gigantic crystal spider increasing in size as it coldly sapped the husks of its victims .
Ugly , but at least it made sense .
Where were the coin slots in Dubai ?
I had no idea .
I just gawped at the photographs and was secretly impressed by the cleverness of the people who'd managed to generate so much money they could safely take leave of their senses and construct 300ft buttplug skyscrapers and artificial floating cities shaped like doodles scribbled in the margins of sanity .
To my dumb , uncomprehending eyes it looked like a collection of impossible follies .
But what did I know ?
Clearly the people actually paying for all this stuff knew precisely what they were doing .
But ah and oh .
It appears my uninformed gut reaction , that slightly worried vertigo shiver , the hazy sense of " but surely they can't do that . . . " may have been precisely the correct response .
Now it 's in trouble , the world 's financial markets seem shocked and surprised , like Bagpuss being disappointed to learn that the mice from the mouse organ could n't really create an endless supply of chocolate biscuits from thin air .
They should 've phoned me for advice .
If only I 'd known .
I could have charged a fortune .
But then I 'm so dumb I 'd probably have blown it investing in an artificial Dubai archipelago shaped like Snoopy 's head or something .
In the cold light of 2009 , Dubai resembles a mystical
Oz that was somehow accidentally wished into existence during an insane decade - long drugs bender .
Those psychedelic structures , pictured in a fever by the mad and privileged , physically constructed by the poor and exploited , now look downright embarrassing , like a Facebook photo of a drunken mistake , as though someone somewhere is going to wake up and groan , " Oh my head . . . what did I do last night ?
Huh ?
I bankrolled a $ 200 bn hotel in the shape of a croissant ?
I shipped the workers in from India and paid them how little ?
Oh man !
The shame .
What was I thinking ? "
The world 's tallest skyscraper , the Burj Dubai , is due to open in January .
It looks like an almighty shard of misplaced enthusiasm : a lofty syringe injecting dementia directly into the skies , a short - lived spike on a printed readout , or a pin pricking a gigantic bubble .
Not a shape you 'd want to find yourself unexpectedly sitting on , in other words .
Just ask the world 's financial markets , once they 've finished screaming .
Style 2 - $ 70
Two - Inch Lightning Cube
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
Sparkling two - inch polished cube i rradiated on all six sides to create a roughly cube - shaped branching discharge region inside .
These are cut from 2 - inch cast acrylic sheet so actual dimensions may vary slightly ( up to 1/8 " ) .
Click on the above image to see larger images .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
For color - changing bases , we recommend illuminating with the BD985 MC small multicolor base , CR35MC leaded crystal multicolor light base , ROT45MC rotating multicolor light base , or the BD753 MC square color changing light base .
For brighter ambient lighting , the ideal base is the LM2699 with natural white LED's , the LM2690 in gloss black or rosewood finish , or the BD753W square light base with cool white LED's .
AC adapters for models ROT45MC and BD753MC are available only for North American / US power .
However , the ROT45MC can be operated off three AA batteries , but the turntable does not rotate in order to extend battery life .
All of the other bases above are available with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Click here to view a short video clip of a Style 2 sculpture on an ROT45 MC rotating color - changing light base .
Style 2 Sculpture , with right - angle edges , $ 70 Discharge Type :
Dendritic Cube View Cart / Check
Out :
Style 2A - $ 75
Two - Inch Beveled Lightning Cube
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
Gorgeous polished cube with beveled edges , i rradiated on all six sides to create a cube - shaped discharge region inside .
These are cut from 2 - inch cast acrylic sheet , so actual dimensions may vary slightly ( up to 1/8 " ) .
Click on the above image to see larger images .
Some sculptures have denser , bushier discharges while others have lighter , more lightning - like discharges .
Click on above image to see some examples .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
For color changing bases , we recommend illuminating with the BD985 MC small multicolor base , CR35MC leaded crystal multicolor light base , ROT45MC rotating multicolor light base , or the BD753 MC square color changing light base .
For brighter ambient lighting , the ideal base is the LM2699 .
Other alternatives include , the LM2690 in gloss black or rosewood finish with natural white LED's , or the BD753W square light base with cool white LED's .
AC adapters for models ROT45MC and BD753MC are available only for North American / US power .
However , the ROT45MC can be operated off three AA batteries but the turntable does not rotate in order to extend battery life .
All of the other bases above are available with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Style 2A Sculpture , with beveled edges , $ 75 Discharge Type :
Dendritic Cube View Cart / Check
Out :
Style 4 - $ 28
2 x 2 x 3/4 inch Beveled
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
One of our more popular styles .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Approximately 2 " x 2 " x 3/4 " with beveled and polished edges .
Available in a variety of interior or edge discharges .
Click on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
Some sculptures have less dense discharges that are a bit more " lightning - like " .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the BD985 MC small multicolor base , CR35MC leaded crystal multicolor light base , or the ROT45 MC multicolor rotating light base .
The CR35MC is available with power adapters for 120/240 volt North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , and AU power options .
AC adapter for the ROT45 MC is available only for US power .
However , it can be operated off three AA batteries but the turntable does not rotate in order to extend battery life .
Style 4 Sculpture : $ 28
Discharge Type : Edge Dendritic Interior Dendritic View Cart / Check Out :
Style 54 - $ 26
2 x 2 x 3/4 Inch Block
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
One of our most popular styles .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Approximately 2 " x 2 " x 3/4 " with square polished edges .
Available in either interior or edge discharges .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge or in the center of the interior .
Click on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the BD985 MC small multicolor base that can operate from batteries or an included AC adapter ( US power option only ) .
Other lighting options include the CR35MC crystal multicolor light base , or the ROT45 MC multicolor rotating light base .
The LM2690W or LM2690B rosewood finish light bases with natural white or electric blue LED 's also work quite well with this style .
Our LM - series bases can also be personalized by adding an optional custom plaque .
The CR35MC , LM2690W , and LM2690B are available with 120/240 volt power adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
AC adapters for the ROT45MC are available only for US power .
However , the ROT45MC will light up using batteries , but the turntable does not rotate in order to extend battery life .
Style 54 Sculpture : $ 26 Discharge Type :
Edge Dendritic Interior Dendritic View Cart / Check Out :
Style 5 - $ 60
4 x 4 x 3/4 Inch Sculpture and Matching Bases
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
One of our most popular styles .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Sculpture dimensions are approximately 4 " x 4 " x 3/4 " with square polished edges .
Available in a variety of interior or edge discharges .
Some specimens may appear to be lightly fogged when brightly illuminated .
Others may have a light yellow - green fluorescent layer that shows up when illuminated by " electric blue " LED's .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge or in center of interior .
Click on the above image for various discharge options and larger images .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using natural walnut bases such as the DK40x75CW with cool white LED's , the DK40x75NW with warmer natural white LED's , or the DK40x75B with " electric blue " LED's , or the elegant GSB1904L black satin brushed aluminum base with cool white LED's .
Sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Customers can personalize bases by adding a custom plaque by working with their local awards and trophy business .
Or , we can add a personalized plaque for you .
Having us provide the plaque will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Bases are available with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , UK , EC ( Europlug ) , or AU power options .
Other LED color options may be available on a custom basis .
Style 5 Sculpture : $ 60
Discharge Type :
Edge Dendritic Interior Dendritic
Black brushed aluminum base
with white LED's - model GSB1904L
4 " x 3/4 " cavity light base : $ 45.00 re Style 05 ) Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
Matching 4 inch x 3/4 " cavity base
Natural walnut with Cool White , Natural
White , or Electric Blue LED's : $ 66
Base LED Color : Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type : USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
Style 6A - $ 70
4 x 4 x 3/4 Inch Beveled Panel and Matching Bases
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
Similar to Style 5 , but three of the front edges are beveled to provide a more elegant appearance .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Sculpture dimensions are approximately 4 " x 4 " x 3/4 " .
Some specimens may appear to be lightly fogged when brightly illuminated by cool white LED's .
Others may have a light yellow - green fluorescent layer that shows up when illuminated by blue LED 's . .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge or in center of interior .
Click on the above image for larger images and images in various bases .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using natural walnut bases such as the DK40x75CW with cool white LED's or the DK40x75B with " electric blue " LED's , or the elegant GSB1904L black satin brushed aluminum base with cool white LED's .
Sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Customers can personalize bases by adding a custom plaque by working with their local awards and trophy business .
Or , we can also add a personalized plaque for you .
Having us provide the plaque will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
A vailable with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , UK , EC ( Europlug ) , or AU power options .
Other LED color options may be available on a custom basis .
Style 6A Sculpture : $ 70 Discharge Type :
Base Edge Dendritic Interior Dendritic Black brushed aluminum base
with white LED's - model GSB1904L
4 " x 3/4 " cavity light base : $ 45.00 re Style 05 ) Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
Matching 4 x 3/4 " cavity base
Natural walnut with Cool White , Natural
White , or Electric Blue LED's : $ 66
Base LED Color : Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type : USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
( Click on image for more information )
( Click on image for more information )
( Click on image for more information )
Style 7 - $ 100
6 x 6 x 3/4 Inch Sculpture and Matching Bases
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
Approximately 6 " x 6 " x 3/4 " with square polished edges shown in optional DK60x75B walnut light base .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Some sculptures may show light fogging when brightly illuminated by cool white LED's , and a yellow - green fluorescent layer when illuminated by electric blue LED's .
Available in classic edge and interior branched ( dendritic ) discharges .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge or in center of interior .
We also have mixed chaotic / dendritic specimens that self - discharged while being irradiated .
These have very complex discharge patterns , often with some charring along the main paths .
This virtually disappears when the sculpture is illuminated by one of our lighted bases .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the DK60x75CW walnut base with cool white LED's , the DK60x75CW with warmer natural white LED's , the DK60x75B walnut base with " electric blue " LED's , or the elegant GSB1906L black satin brushed aluminum base with cool white LED's .
A vailable with 120/240 volt North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK or AU power options .
Other LED color options may be available on a custom basis .
Dendritic sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Customers can personalize bases by adding a custom plaque by working with their local awards and trophy business .
Or , we can also add a personalized plaque for you .
Having us provide the plaque will add $ 30 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
NOTE : Be sure to also check out Style 08A ( 6 x 6 x 3/4 " with bevels ) and our spectacular Style 84 ( 6 x 6 x 1 " ) sculptures with TWO interacting charge layers with matching walnut light bases !
Style 7 Sculpture : $ 100 Discharge Type :
Interior Dendritic Dense Dendritic / Chaotic ( few left ) Matching 6 " x 3/4 " cavity base
Black , brushed aluminum
with cool white LED's : $ 55
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
Matching 6 x 3/4 " cavity base
Natural walnut with Cool White , Natural
White , or Electric Blue LED's : $ 78
Base LED Color :
Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
Style 8A - $ 110
6 x 6 x 3/4 Inch Beveled Sculpture and Matching Bases
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
Approximately 6 " x 6 " x 3/4 " with three beveled and polished edges .
The bottom edge is not beveled so that it can be securely and safely held within our custom lighted bases .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge .
A few are available with discharge root along the left , top , or right side .
Click on the above image to see discharge options and larger images .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
This sculpture w orks well with our elegant GSB1906L 6 x 0.75 inch satin black brushed aluminum light base with cool white LED's , or with our natural walnut bases such as the DK60x75CW ( cool white LED's ) , DK60x75NW ( with warmer natural white LED's ) , or DK60x75B with " electric blue " LED 's below .
Available with North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK or AU power options .
Other LED color options ( red , green , or yellow ) may be available for the DK60x75 series bases on a custom basis .
Sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
We can personalize bases by adding an optional custom plaque .
This adds $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
O r , c ustomers can personalize bases by working with their local awards and trophy business .
Inquire for more information .
Style 8A Sculpture : $ 110 Discharge Type :
Base Edge Dendritic Interior Dendritic Other Edge Dendritic
Matching 6 " x 3/4 " cavity base
Black anodized brushed aluminum
with cool white LED's :
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
$ 55 Matching 6 " x 3/4 " cavity base
Natural walnut with Matching 6 " x 3/4 " cavity baseNatural walnut with Cool White , Natural
White , or Electric Blue LED's : $ 78 Base LED Color :
Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
Style 9A - $ 85
4 x 6 x 1/2 Inch Sculpture and Matching Bases
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
One of our most popular styles .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Approximately 4 " x 6 " x 1/2 " sculpture .
Beautiful , crystal clear specimens with dense branching discharges and polished edges .
Available in a variety of interior or edge discharges .
Some specimens may show slight milkiness through the body of the sculpture when brightly illuminated .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge or in center of interior .
Click on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the GSB1204L ( 4 inch wide ) , or the 6 inch wide GSB1206L black satin brushed aluminum bases .
These bases use bright , cool white LED's .
Bases can be personalized by adding an optional custom plaque .
See base descriptions for more information .
A vailable with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
These bases can also be powered from an optional LUMAA3 battery pack for short periods ( 24 - 48 hours ) .
Sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
We can personalize bases by adding an optional custom plaque .
This adds $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
O r , c ustomers can personalize bases by working with their local awards and trophy business .
Inquire for more information .
Style 9A Sculpture : $ 85 Discharge Type :
Edge Vertical Tree ( use GSB1204L base ) Interior Dendritic ( few in stock , use 4 or 6 inch base ) Model GSB1204L - 4 " x 1/2 " cavity light base : $ 45.00
( For Sculpture Styles 05A , 9A , 14A , and 21A - shorter edge )
with cool white LED's
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
Model GSB1206L - 6 " x 1/2 " cavity light base : $ 55.00
( For Sculpture Styles 07A and 09A - longer edge}
with cool white LED's
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
View Cart / Check
Out :
( Click on image for more information )
( Click on image for more information )
( Click on image for more information )
Style 10 - $ 175
6 x 8 x 3/4 Inch Sculpture and Matching Bases
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
Gorgeous specimens are seldom seen in this size .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Approximately 6 " x 8 " x 3/4 " panel with polished edges .
Click on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge or in center of interior .
Some sculptures may show slight milkiness when brightly illuminated , and yellow - green fluorescence when illuminated by blue LED's .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the DK60x75CW ( cool white LED's ) , DK60x75NW ( natural white LED's ) DK60x75B ( " electric blue " LED's ) 6 " wide natural walnut light base , or the elegant GSB1906L black satin brushed aluminum base with cool white LED's .
To display sculptures horizontally ( 8 " wide slot ) , we also have the DK80x75W ( with Cool White LED's ) , DK80x75NW ( Natural White LED's ) or DK80x75B ( " Electric Blue " LED's ) walnut LED light bases .
All of these bases can be ordered below .
Bases are available with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Other LED color options may be available on a custom basis .
Sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Bases can also be personalized by adding an optional custom plaque on the top surface ( maximum size 1.1 " x 6 " ) or the front - facing surface ( maximum 0.63 " x 6 " ) .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Style 10 Sculpture : $ 175
Discharge Type :
Vertical Edge Dendritic Tree Horizontal Edge Dendritic Tree Mixed Dendritic and Chaotic Bushy / Dense Dendritic Matching 6 inch wide slot anodized aluminum base .
Black brushed aluminum finish with cool white LED's :
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
Stylish 6 " x 3/4 " cavity natural walnut light base .
$ 55Stylish 6 " x 3/4 " cavity natural walnut light base .
Overall dimensions are 4 " x 8 " x 1 " with a beveled top surface .
Available with Cool White , Natural White , or Electric Blue LED's : $ 78 Base LED Color :
Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU Stylish 8 " x 3/4 " cavity natural walnut light base .
Overall dimensions are 4 " x 10 " x 1 " with a beveled top surface .
Available with Cool White , Natural White , or Electric Blue LED's : $ 96 Base LED Color :
Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Power Options :
USA UK EC AU
View Cart / Check
Out :
Style 11 - $ 75
2.7 x 8 Inch Obelisk and Matching Bases
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
2.7 " x 8 " x 3/4 " Obelisk with polished edges .
Click on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
Some bushy dendritic or mixed dendritic and chaotic sculptures may have multiple discharge exit points .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using our custom natural walnut light bases .
These include the DK25x75CW ( Cool white LED's ) , DK25x75NW ( Natural White LED's ) or the DK25x75B ( " Electric Blue " LED's ) .
You can see images of our DK25x75W bases illuminating Style 16 and Style 24 figures here and here .
A vailable with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Other LED color options may be available on a custom basis .
Sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Bases can be personalized by adding an optional custom plaque .
Customer can have their local awards and trophies business personalize these bases by adding a custom plaque to the front - facing surface of the base .
Or , we can also add a personalized plaque for you .
The latter option will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Style 11 Sculpture : $ 75 Discharge Type :
Vertical Dendritic Mixed , Bushy Dendritic Matching 2.5 inch wide slot natural walnut light base with Cool White , Natural White , or Electric Blue LED's : $ 48
LED Color :
Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
Style 12 - $ 65
4 Inch Beveled Octagon and Matching Base
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
Beautiful branching discharges that are lighter than many other sculptures .
Individually cut and polished from acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Approximately 4 " x 3/4 " beveled octagon with polished edges .
Click on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
This style is best displayed flat against a dark background - the above photo was taken in sunlight against black velvet .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
This sculpture w orks well with the following natural walnut bases : DK25x75CW ( Cool White LED's ) , DK25x75NW ( Natural White LED's ) or DK25x75B ( " electric blue " LED's ) .
Sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Bases can also be personalized by adding an optional custom plaque .
Customer can have their local awards and trophies business personalize these bases by adding a custom plaque to the front - facing surface of the base .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
A vailable with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Other LED color options may be available on a custom basis .
Note : we may have some Experimental sculptures in this style that are discounted .
Check out our Experimental Sculptures Page .
Style 12 Sculpture : $ 65
Only a few left !
Discharge Type :
Edge Dendritic Matching 2.5 " x 3/4 " cavity natural walnut light base with Cool White , Natural White , or Electric Blue LED's : $ 48 LED Color :
Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
( Click on image for more information )
( Click on image for more information )
( Click on image for more information )
Style 13 - $ 45
1.25 x 4.5 Inch Lightning Cylinder
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
These are 1.25 " diameter x 4.5 " acrylic cylinders with a beautiful interior discharge and polished surfaces .
The lensing action of the cylinder magnifies the figure within .
Click on the above image to see larger images .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the CR35MC , ROT45MC , or the BD985 MC for lower ambient lighting area .
For brighter areas , we recommend the BD753MC multicolor base ( with nine multicolor LED's ) , or the LM2690 square base or LM2692 round base with five natural white LED's .
AC adapters for the BD753MC and ROT45MC are available only for North American / US power .
However , the ROT45 MC can also be operated off three AA batteries , but the turntable does not rotate in order to extend battery life .
The other bases can be supplied with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
NOTE : Our latest batch of sculptures have discharges that are more cylindrical - and , they are even nicer !
Style 13 Sculpture : $ 45
Discharge Type :
Base Discharged Dendritic Self - Discharged Dendritic View Cart / Check Out :
Style 13A - $ 85
1.5 x 4.5 Inch Dual Lightning Cylinder , Two - Layer
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
These cylindrical specimens are 1.5 " diameter by 4.5 " high .
These are larger than the Style 13 , and they have TWO charge layers .
The discharge layers are interlinked on some specimens ( " Windblown Lightning ) , connected only at the base on others ( Parallel Planes ) , or a have a combination of dense interlinked discharges ( self - discharged ) .
Click on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the CR35MC , ROT45MC , o r the BD985 MC for rooms with subdued lighting .
F or brighter areas , we recommend the BD753MC multicolor light base , the LM2690 square base , or LM2692 round wood bases with an array of five natural white LED's .
AC adapters for the BD753MC and ROT45MC are available only for North American / US power .
However , the ROT45 MC can also be operated off three AA batteries , but the turntable does not rotate in order to extend battery life .
All other bases can be supplied with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Style 13A Sculpture : $ 85
Discharge Type :
Windblown Lightning Parallel Planes Chaotic View Cart / Check Out :
Style 14A - $ 45
4 x 1/2 Inch Equilateral Triangle
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
4 " x 1/2 " equilateral triangle with an interior or edge based discharge - please select which is desired .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge or in center of interior .
Click on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the GSB1204L black satin brushed aluminum base with cool white LED's .
This b ase can also be personalized by adding an optional custom plaque .
Customer can have their local awards and trophies business personalize these bases by adding a custom plaque to the front - facing surface of the base .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Light bases are available with AC adapters for 120/240 volt North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , and AU power options .
Style 14A Sculpture : $ 45 Discharge Type :
Edge Dendritic Edge Chaotic View Cart / Check Out :
Style 15 - $ 50
3 Inch Disk
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
This style has been replaced by Styles 43 and 44 with a flat on the base .
However , we still have a few of these in stock .
Beautiful 3 " diameter x 3/4 " disks with a matte - finished edge .
Available only with interior discharges .
Click on the above image to see larger images .
Not all interior discharges are located in the center .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
We recommend using the BD985MC , CR35MC multicolor bases or ROT45MC rotating multicolor light base for subdued lighting areas .
For brighter rooms , we recommend the LM2690 square base or LM2692 round base with five natural white LED's .
AC adapters for the BD753MC and ROT45MC are available only for North American / US power .
However , the ROT45MC can also be operated off three AA batteries but the turntable does not rotate in order to extend battery life .
All the other light bases above are available with 120/240 volt AC adapters for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Style 15 Sculpture : $ 50 Discharge Type :
Interior Dendritic View Cart / Check
Out :
Style 16 - $ 175
3 x 3 x 2 Inch Prism
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
Captured Lightning® storms inside approximately 3 " x 3 " x 2 " water - clear prisms .
Multiple discharge planes , many with layer - to - layer discharges .
Some specimens may show light charring in the heavier paths near the base of the tree - this disappears when the sculpture is illuminated .
These are exceptionally beautiful when placed on a white or multicolored LED base .
C lick on the above image to see various discharge options and larger images .
Newer sculptures may have amber layers ( solarization ) from electron beam irradiation that may fluoresce under blue or UV illumination .
Solarization usually fades over time .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
This style also looks great with our walnut bases such as our DK25x75CW ( with cool white LED's ) , DK25x75NW ( with warmer natural white LED's ) , or DK25x75B ( with " electric blue " LED's ) .
Other bases include the LM2688 rosewood finish light base with warmer natural white LED's .
Multi-color bases include the BD753MC ( with nine multicolor LED's - best for brighter rooms ) , or the ROT45 MC rotating multicolor light base ( better suited for subdued lighting areas ) .
Click here to view a short video clip of a Style 16 specimen on an ROT45 MC rotating multicolor light base .
AC adapters for BD753MC and ROT45MC are available only for North American / US power .
However , the ROT45MC can be operated off three AA batteries but it does not rotate in order to extend battery life .
The other light bases are available with AC adapters for 120/240 volt North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Note : we may have some experimental sculptures in this style and also some larger 4 " x 4 " x 2 " Style 48 experimental sculptures .
Check out our Experimental Sculptures .
Style 16 Sculpture : $ 175
Discharge Type :
Windblown Lightning African Tree Heavy Weather Parallel Planes DK25x75W or DK25x75B Custom Walnut Light Base sold separately .
Overall size 3 " x 4.5 " x 1 " : $ 48 Base LED Color :
Cool White ( 7800 K ) Natural White ( 4000 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
Style 18A - Out of Stock
4 x 12 x 1/2 Inch " Tesla " Panel
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
" Tesla 's Lightning " - Tesla 's name written with letters of lightning in a unique 4 " x 12 " x 1/2 " specimen .
By using lead masks we charged only selected regions of the acrylic to form letters .
This allowed us to literally " write " Tesla 's name in lightning - a fitting tribute to the Wizard of Lightning .
We also provide an elegant black satin brushed aluminum light base with cool white LED's ( model GAB1212L ) for these figures .
Power adapters are available for 120/240 volt North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Only a few of these unique specimens are left - get yours while they 're still in stock .
Click on the above image for more details .
Style 18A Sculpture
( Sorry - out of stock )
Matching 12 inch wide satin black brushed aluminum light base with white LED's , model GAB1212L : $ 88.00 Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
( Click on image for more information )
( Click on image for more information )
( Click on image for more information )
- Discounted Experimental Sculptures -
For folks on a tighter budget , we have a small number of experimental sculptures .
Some have unique or " one of a kind " discharges , while others have self - discharged and show a bit of charring as electron beam current was repetitively being injected and discharged through the figure .
These are first - quality test and experimental sculptures being sold at a bargain price .
Experimental sculptures are discounted 25 - 40 % from similarly - sized sculptures .
Click on the above image to see more details and to order your experimental sculptures .
Style 19 - $ 499
12 x 12 x 1 Inch Museum Size Sculptures
NOTE : Sculpture and Base must be ordered Separately
These magnificent 12 " x 12 " x 1 " specimens are stunning , both in size and in beauty .
Individually cut and polished from cast acrylic sheet , so exact dimensions may vary slightly (+/- 1/16 " ) from piece to piece .
Discharge root may not always be located in center of an edge or in center of interior .
Some sculptures may show light milkiness when brightly illuminated , and a layer that lightly fluoresces a yellow - green color when illuminated by electric blue LED's .
In addition to our standard edge or interior discharged specimens , we are now offering spectacular 2D and 3D Masked specimens .
These are prized by discriminating collectors and institutions .
We can also provide custom , natural walnut light bases with a professional satin finish .
Click on image for more product details .
Sculptures can also be laser - engraved with your message and / or company logo .
There is a $ 30 setup charge for logos and $ 40 / sculpture charge for engraving .
This option will add two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Light base is not included and must be purchased separately .
Bases can be personalized by adding an optional custom plaque .
Customer can personalize their base by having their local awards and trophies business make a custom plaque ( recommended maximum size 0.75 " x 6.00 " to the front - facing surface or 1.25 " x 6 " to the top surface ) .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Base can be provided with cool white , warmer natural white , or " Electric Blue " LED's .
AC power adapters are available for North American / US , EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power options .
Other color options may be available on a custom basis .
Style 19 Sculpture : $ 499 Discharge Type :
Edge Dendritic 12 inch wide custom walnut light base sold separately .
Overall dimensions are 5 " x 14 " x 1.25 " .
Available with
" Electric Blue " , natural white , or cool white LED's .
Style DK120x100 Base : $ 168
Base LED Color :
Natural White ( 4000 K ) Cool White ( 7800 K ) Electric Blue Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
Style 72 - $ 2750 ( including base )
15 x 20 x 2 Inch Massive Museum Sculptures
These are among the largest , most spectacular Lichtenberg figure sculptures in the world .
One of these huge sculptures is currently on permanent display at the Numbers in Nature exhibit in the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago , Illinois
were passed through the electron beam twice to create two independent charge planes .
When discharged , they developed massive dendritic discharges along each plane as well as thousands of shorter discharges between planes .
The result is a complex interplay of dendritic discharges that fill a region about one inch thick across almost the entire sculpture .
We recently created more of these sculptures during our 2014 Lichtenberg run .
You can view high resolution images of sculptures that are currently available by clicking on the image above .
Each sculpture is supplied with a custom solid walnut light base with a professional satin finish .
Bases can be supplied with all white LED's , all blue LED's , or ( as pictured ) one each of white and blue LED strips .
Other colors are available on special order .
These bases are designed to gently and safely support your sculpture while highlighting even the infinite detail of the individual discharges .
Custom bases measure 19 " x 8 " x 2 " .
Shipping costs are for shipments within the US .
These huge 15 " x 20 " x 2 " specimenswere passed through the electron beam twice to create two independent charge planes .
When discharged , they developed massive dendritic discharges along each plane as well as thousands ofshorter discharges between planes .
The result is a complex interplay of dendritic discharges that fill a region about one inch thick across almost the entire sculpture .
We recently created more of these sculptures during our 2014 Lichtenberg run .
You can view high resolution images ofsculptures that are currently available by clicking on the image above .
Each sculpture is supplied with a custom solid walnut light base with a professional satin finish .
Bases can be supplied with all white LED's , all blue LED's , or ( as pictured ) one each of white and blue LED strips .
Other colors are available on special order .
These bases are designed to gently and safely support your sculpture while highlighting even the infinite detail of the individual discharges .
Custom bases measure 19 " x 8 " x 2 " .
Shipping costs are for shipments within the US .
Inquire for shipping costs outside the US .
Style 72 Sculpture : $ 2750
( Includes custom walnut base ) Sculpture Selection :
Sculpture E Base LED
Option :
All White LED Strips All Blue LED Strips White and Blue LED Strips Other - Contact Me Power Adapter Option : USA UK EC View Cart / Check Out :
BD985MC - $ 27
Battery and AC - Powered Multicolor Light Base
This compact color changing light base is 3 " in diameter and 1.25 " high .
The top surface is mirrored to enhance your sculpture 's appearance .
It uses a 0.5 " x 0.5 " array of 4 high - intensity multi-color LED 's and slowly cycle through a variety of colors .
Some bases also have a white LED .
The base has an attractive gloss black finish and an ON - OFF switch .
The changing colors cycle over a period of 5 - 10 seconds .
Base can be powered from three AAA alkaline batteries ( not included ) or from a included 4.5VAC AC adapter ..
When powered from batteries , the estimated running time is 30 - 40 hours .
Since this base has only 4 LED's , it works best with smaller sculptures in areas with subdued lighting .
For brighter locations , we suggest using the BD753MC instead .
Standard base comes with a two - pin US / North American power adapter ( see image above ) .
Power adapters for UK , EC , or AU power can also be selected as an option .
Base can also be powered from any standard USB port via supplied cable .
Base is ideal for many of our smaller sculptures such as Styles 2 , 2A , 4 , 13 , 13A , 23 , 29 , 31 , 43 , 45 , 47 , and 54 Captured Lightning ® sculptures .
Model BD985 MC light base : $ 27.00 Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
View Cart / Check Out :
BD752MC
Sorry - discontinued
Please use BD985MC or BD753MC as alternatives
BD753MC and BD753W - $ 32
Medium Power Multicolor or White Base
These compact light bases are 2.75 " x 2.75 " x 3/4 " and comes with a choice of multicolor - color changing or bright white LED's .
Each base uses a 0.75 " x 0.75 " square array of 9 high - intensity LED 's to brilliantly light your specimen .
The multicolor version continually cycles through a variety of colors .
As the colors change , they illuminate various regions of the figure , creating a beautiful continually blending and shifting display .
The white LED base bathes your figure in cool white light , and works very well for areas that have brighter ambient lighting , such as offices .
The black plastic exterior has an attractive matte finish .
These bases are significantly brighter than the BD985MC .
Adapter output : 12 volts DC @ 300 mA , via a 1.3 mm center - positive connector .
Note :
This base is currently only available with an adapter for 120 Volt 60 Hz North American / US power .
Recommended for many of our 3/4 " and thicker specimens such as Style 2 , 2A , 13 , 13A , 16 , 29 , 30 , 31 , 45 , 46 , 47 , and 53 Captured Lightning ® sculptures .
Customer can personalize this base by adding a custom plaque as large as 0.63 " x 2.5 " to the front - facing surface .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Model BD753MC or BD753W light base : $ 32.00 LED color :
Multicolor White Adapter Type :
USA View Cart / Check Out :
GSB Series Black Satin Brushed Aluminum Bases
with cool white LED's , $ 45 ( 4 " ) or $ 55 ( 6 " )
Brushed aluminum base with a sleek satin black finish .
These bases have a row of bright cool white LED 's to fully illuminate 4 " or 6 " wide Captured Lightning ® sculptures .
These are available for 1/2 " and 3/4 " thick sculptures .
The GSB12xxx series is for 1/2 " thick sculptures and the GSB19xxx series is for 3/4 " sculptures .
Bases have a velvet - lined cavity to snugly hold and illuminate our Captured Lightning sculptures .
Front surface of the base is flat to accept an optional custm plaque to create a treasured personalized award .
GSB series bases are 1.875 " high and about 4.5 " or 6.5 " long .
Base is supplied with a power adapter - choose between 120 volt North American / US , or 240 volt EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power adapter options .
These bases can also be powered from an optional LUMAA3 battery pack for 24 - 48 hours .
Customers can personalize this base by having their local awards and trophies business add a custom plaque to the front - facing surface .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Recommended plaque sizes are 3 " x 1 " for GSB1204L or GSB1904L , or 4 " x 1 " for the GSB1206L or GSB1906L .
Recommended plaque sizes are 3 " x 1 " for GSB1204L or GSB1904L , or 4 " x 1 " for the GSB1206L or GSB1906L .
Model GSB1204L - 4 inch wide x 1/2 " cavity light base : $ 45.00
( For Sculpture Styles 05A , 9A , 14A , and 21A - shorter edge )
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
Model GSB1206L - 6 inch wide by 1/2 " cavity light base : $ 55.00
( For Sculpture Styles 07A , 09A - longer edge , and 10A )
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
Model GSB1904L - 4 inch wide x 3/4 " cavity light base : $ 45.00
( For Sculpture Style 05 and 06A )
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
Model GSB1906L - 6 inch wide x 3/4 " cavity light base : $ 55.00
( For Sculpture Styles 07 , 08A , and 10 ( short edge ) )
Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
View Cart / Check Out :
CR35MC - $ 33
Leaded Crystal Multi-color Base
This base uses seven high intensity color LED 's centered in an octagonal genuine crystal base with spherical crystal feet .
Base is approximately 3.00 inches in diameter x 1.5 inches high , with ON / OFF switch .
It slowly sequences through various colors , brilliantly illuminating the sculpture above .
Ideal for our cylindrical and spherical sculptures and 2.5 " Manabrites .
Base can support up to 3 pounds .
This base is supplied with a power adapter - choose between 120 volt North American / US , or select a 240 volt EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power adapter option .
Ideal for styles 2 , 2A , 4 , 13 , 13A , 15 , 16 , 23 , 29 , 30 , 31 , 41 , 42 , 43 , 45 , 47 , 53 , or 54 Captured Lightning ® sculptures .
Customer can personalize this base by adding a custom plaque as large as 0.5 " x 1.5 " to the top surface .
We can also add a personalized metal plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Model CR35 MC light base : $ 33.00 Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU
View Cart / Check Out :
ROT45MC - $ 32
Rotating Multi-color Base
Uses seven color LED 's centered in a mirrored 4.0 " diameter turn - table with an ON / OFF switch .
Base automatically sequences through various light colors , and also rotates at about 1 RPM when powered from the included 120 volt AC adapter .
This base is recommended only for lower ambient lighting conditions .
For brighter lighting environments , especially commercial offices , a base with brighter LED 's is needed .
These include the BD753MC ( multicolor color changing ) , or the LM2690 , LM2692 , or LM2699 ( with natural white LED's ) .
The ROT45 MC can support up to 4 pounds .
Click here to view a short video clip showing the base rotating and changing colors in subdued lighting conditions or against a dark background .
The sleek 4.5 " diameter base works either from an AC adapter ( included , US 120 VAC power only ) or it can light the LED's ( with no rotation ) from three " AA " batteries ( not included ) .
Adapter output : 6 VAC @ 300 mA , via a 2.5 or 2.1 mm connector .
NOTE : This power adapter for this base is only available for 120 volt North American / US power .
Ideal for sculpture styles 2 , 2A , 4 , 13 , 13A , 14 , 16 , 29 , 30 , 31 , 41 , 42 , 43 , 47 , 53 , or 54 Captured Lightning ® sculptures .
Customer can personalize this base by adding a custom plaque as large as 0.63 " x 1.75 " to the top surface .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Model ROT45 MC light base : $ 32.00 View Cart / Check Out :
LM2690 - $ 28
Square LED Light Base
With gloss or satin black finish and natural white LED's
This base comes with five bright natural white LED's , housed in a wood base with either a beautiful high gloss " piano " or a satin black finish .
Base measures 3.5 " x 3.5 " x 1 " , and comes with a choice of a 120 volt power adapter for North American / US , or an optional 240 volt EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power adapter .
These bases can also be powered from an optional LUMAA3 battery pack .
Base will operate off battery pack for 24 - 48 hours .
This elegant , cool - running light base works well with Styles 2 , 2A , 13 , 13A , 15 , 20 , 22 , 29 , 30 , 31 , 41 , 43 , 44 , 47 , 53 , or 54 Captured Lightning ® sculptures , and also for many popular laser art crystals or leaded crystal sculptures .
Base can support up to 7 pounds .
This base can be personalized by adding a custom metal plaque to either the top surface ( 3 " x 1 " ) or front - facing surface ( 3 " x 3/4 " ) .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Model LM2690 light base : $ 28.00
Base Finish :
Gloss Black Finish Satin Black Finish Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
LM2692 - $ 35
Round LED Light Base
With gloss or satin black finish and natural white LED's
This base uses an array of five bright natural white LED 's housed in an elegant wood base with a beautiful black satin or gloss black " piano " finish .
Measures 4 " in diameter at the bottom , the top surface is approx .
3 1/4 " in diameter , and the base is about 1 " high .
Each base is supplied with a power adapter - select 120 volt North American / US , or 240 volt EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power adapter options .
This base can also be powered from an optional LUMAA3 battery pack for 24 - 48 hours .
This elegant , cool - running light base is recommended for styles 2 , 2A , 13 , 13A , 15 , 22 , 29 , 30 , 41 , 43 , 44 , 47 , 53 , or 54 Captured Lightning ® sculptures .
Also ideal for many popular laser art crystals , leaded crystal art vases , or heavy glass sculptures .
Customer can personalize this base by adding a custom plaque as large as 0.5 " x 1.5 " to the top surface .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Model LM2692 light base : $ 35.00 Base Finish :
Satin Black Finish Gloss Black Finish Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
LM2699 - $ 37
Optical Crystal LED Light Base
With gloss rosewood finish and natural white LED's
These bases have an array of bright natural white LED 's housed in a rosewood finish base with a beautiful gloss " piano " finish and an elegant pyramidal shape .
As with fine furniture , the deep finish uses at least 10 coats of high gloss lacquer .
The top is slightly recessed , with a shallow square black felt - covered cavity that is slightly larger than 2 " x 2 " .
This makes it ideal for gently cradling our 2 " Lightning Cubed sculptures ( Styles 02 or 02A ) .
This base also works with our 3 " cubes ( Style 22 ) .
In this case , the sculpture rests on top of the top of the base .
The LM2699 is also ideal for displaying spheres and cylinders .
Base is provided with an AC power adapter - select 120 volt North American / US , or 240 volt EC ( Europlug ) , UK , or AU power adapter options .
These bases can also be powered from an optional LUMAA3 battery pack for 24 - 48 hours .
The LM2699 is the perfect choice to complement Styles 2 , 2A , 22 , 29 , 30 , 31 , and 47 Captured Lightning ® sculptures or for most popular laser art crystals or leaded crystal sculptures .
Overall size : 4 " x 4 " x 1.5 " .
Customers can personalize the base by adding a custom plaque as large as 1 " x 2 " to the front - facing surface .
We can also add a personalized plaque for you .
This will add $ 25 to the cost and two weeks to the shipping interval .
Inquire for more information .
Model LM2699 2 " x 2 " light base : $ 37.00 Base Finish :
Gloss Rosewood Finish Gloss Black Finish Adapter Type :
USA UK EC AU View Cart / Check Out :
LM2688 - 4.5 " x 3.5 " x 1 "
LM2689 - 6.5 " x 3.5 " x 1 "
LM2689 - 6.5 " x 3.5 " x 1 " LM2689BGL - 6.5 " x 3.5 " x 1 " ( Satin black )
LM2689BPLW - 6.5 " x 3.5 " x 1 " ( Gloss black )
GAB1212L - 12 " wide x 1/2 " and
GAB1912L - 12 " wide x 3 / 4 "
Black Satin Brushed Aluminum
Building a marble shooting airgun
Air guns are normally small air powered rifles that shoot relatively small projectiles , primarily used for target practice .
Usually , they are pumped up with an internal cylinder , activated by hinging the barrel towards the stock .
My home made air guns experiments however take their lineage more from potato gun technology than target practice rifles .
It all started finding a small cheap air compressor at a yard sale .
I was looking for something to do with this air compressor , but with only 1/6'th horsepower , it was too wimpy to consider getting air tools .
I experimented with " bottle rockets " - sort of .
Next it occurred to me that I might try to shoot a marble out of a piece of copper plumbing pipe .
Except that the commonly available gauges of marbles are too large to fit inside 1 / 2 " copper plumbing pile .
I took a marble to the hardware store and tried it on various types of pipe they had .
Plastic electrical conduit turned out to have just the right inside diameter .
So I bought some of that , some 1/ 2 " copper elbows , a ball valve , and some 1.5 " ABS pipe and end caps to make a pressure vessel .
I was also fortunate to find an adapter to go from the 1.5 " ABS pipe to screw thread , and then to 1/ 2 " copper pipe .
All in all , the parts cost me around $ 25 Canadian .
Very cheap .
I put all this together , with an innertube valve stuck in the ABS end cap to pump this up .
I wrapped electrical tape around the ball valve 's thread to bring it to the size of the conduit , and jammed the conduit on top of that .
The barrel side is only pressured for a few milliseconds before the marble is pushed out of it , so the joint did n't need to be a perfect seal .
I jammed a marble with some paper towel behind it to cut down on blowby , pumped up the pressure container , aimed at my wooden fence , and snapped the valve open with my fingers .
I positioned myself such that the ricochet of the marble would n't hit me , but was ready to duck all the same .
But there was no bounce .
The marble had become embedded in one of the boards !
At this point , I got excited .
So far , I had just done this out of boredom , but now I really wanted to build an air gun !
Next I made a piece of wood to hold the conduit and pressure vessel together .
This was also important to hold the conduit straight - the plastic conduit is very soft , and it had a bit of a curve to it , and would even sag from gravity .
I also built a spring loaded valve opening mechanism .
Then I made a stock for it , so the whole thing could be held more like an actual gun .
Spring loaded valve opening mechanism
The mechanism essentially consists of a coiled spring , with a string tied to the valve to pull it open .
A hook holds the spring tensioned .
When the trigger is pulled , the hook lets go of the spring , and it snaps open the valve .
Its important that the spring can open the valve very rapidly .
If you can see the motion of the valve opening , its opening far too slowly .
The main flaw with my first design was that the trigger was too far forward , which made it awkward to hold the gun .
Performance I found that it could easily put a marble through 1/ 4 " plywood .
With 1/2 " plywood , I had to make sure the compressor was at 100 PSI for the marble to go through .
I was quite pleased with myself that I was able to put a marble through 1/ 2 " plywood .
But try as I might , I never managed to put one through 3/ 4 " plywood .
Next I measured the speed .
I set up a digital camera to record video half way between the gun muzzle , a piece of wood I shot against .
Then I extracted the audio from the AVI files with Virtualdub , and used Audacity to measure how much time between the pop from the marble coming out the muzzle , and the bang when it hit the target .
I found I could consistently get between 120 and 125 meters per second .
This is good - any air gun that shoots faster than 152 meter per second is considered a " firearm " under Canadian firearms law and needs the owner to hold a firearms license , and register it as a firearm .
There 's no limit on projectile weight or kinetic energy as long as the speed is below 152 meters per second .
I did exceed that speed with my ABS pipe cannon though .
Would be funny to try to register that !
Accuracy I was initially surprised with how accurate this thing actually shot , considering that it is essentially a musket .
At about 8 meters , the spread pattern was all within a 20 cm circle .
Not too bad , but I wanted to do better .
Marble rifle
My second marble gun was designed to be more powerful , more accurate , and easier to load .
I used 3/ 4 " elbows to allow more airflow to the barrel , a bigger ball valve , and a much more accurate aluminium pipe as a barrel .
I could n't find a valve that size that turned really easily , so I needed to use a much stronger spring for pulling the valve open .
I also added a " cocking lever " , which when pulled back , tensions the spring , and closes the valve ( these had to be done separately on the first gun ) .
With the more powerful spring , pulling the spring by hand would be very painful to do repeatedly .
I also made sure to arrange the mechanism such that the trigger would be in a more natural position .
Spring loaded valve opening mechanism , and cocking lever
The mechanism works effectively , but its not beautiful .
The much larger forces involved also make it a little less elegant .
Even with the more powerful spring , it takes about 15 ms for the valve to open ( measured it ) - which is already a bit on the slow side .
15 ms is about as long as it takes the marble to travel the length of the barrel .
I also used a bigger air chamber , although that probably does n't help much , because by the time the marble leaves the barrel , the air has only expanded by a fraction , so there would n't be that much pressure drop .
It primarily means it takes more air to fill , and that the gun is louder , because there is more air that blows out the barrel after the marble leaves .
The noise is comparable to that of a regular .22 caliber gun .
Rifling the barrel I also rifled the barrel .
Rifling the barrel gives the projectile a spin along the axis of travel .
This in turn stabilizes it , as it prevents the projectile from getting any sort of transverse spin ( which it always does otherwise ) .
The combination of a transverse spin , and the Magnus effect - which causes the projectile to be pushed in an arbitrary direction , is what makes muskets notoriously inaccurate at a distance .
However , proper rifling would require very complicated machining equipment - something I did n't have .
I settled for helical scratches , which guides the wadding to spin , and in turn spins the marble .
The marble itself is surrounded by wadding on all sides except for the front .
The spiral motion was accomplished by putting a wooden pulley on the end of the barrel , with some string around it .
I used a wooden stick with a screw in the end of it to make the helical scratches .
By pulling the stick through the barrel , while holding the string that went around the pulley while I moved the stick through the barrel , the barrel rotated at a constant rate with respect to linear movement through the barrel , so that all the scratches ended up with the same helical shape .
When I push the marble and wadding down the barrel with the ram-rod , the ram rod always turns as it goes down , which tells me that the rifling does in fact turn the wadding and projectile , at least it does on the way in .
Above : Wood block
glued to wadding Right : Marble and wadding
inserted in barrel , before
ramrod However , initial results were disappointing .
Accuracy was no better than my first smooth bore musket style air gun .
From that , I figured the main other source of inaccuracy was that when the marble left the barrel and separated from the wadding wrapped around the back of it , that it somehow gets a slight random sideways push , which would throw it off a little bit .
So I started experimenting with wadding technique - bigger wadding , smaller wadding , and more carefully wrapping the marble .
But accuracy did n't improve .
I finally had the idea that somehow the wadding slipped sideways past the marble .
So I tried gluing a small square of wood to the centre of a piece of wadding , which would force the wadding to stay centered behind the marble as it traveled down the barrel .
I made the blocks out of light wood ( cedar ) , and left them square , so only the corners touched the barrel .
I was concerned that the wadding might rip off the block , but this was actually not a problem .
Final accuracy Impact pattern from 14.5 meters away With the improvement in wadding technique , accuracy greatly improved .
At a distance of 14.5 meters , the total size of the spread was 11 cm side to side .
However , there was a bit of aiming error .
I actually aimed at the flower above the kid on the box , not the kid .
So the sight probably needs a bit of adjustment .
Still , this is more accurate than most people can shoot holding a rifle by hand .
I used a pillow to support the gun for those test shots .
But the big improvement in accuracy came with a change in wadding technique , not the rifling , so I 'm not sure if the rifling made any difference .
It could be that 14.5 meters is not enough distance for the marble to really start tumbling through the air .
I did some more experiments to try to establish whether the part of the marble that was facing forward in the barrel was still facing forward at impact , but all my experiments suggested that it did not , which would suggest the rifling was not doing what its supposed to do .
Other nonsense to do with an air gun
The nice thing with an air gun like this of course is that it can be used to shoot all kinds of stuff .
AA batteries , for example .
Or Pens , or sticks of wood .
Or filling the barrel with water .
One Idea I got relatively late was to try to shoot the big chocolate covered peanut M& M's .
They are about the shape and size of a marble , but not as heavy , and not as round .
I was n't expecting to put one through 1 / 2 " plywood , but I figured with 1/ 4 " plywood , I 'd have a chance .
With the first piece of 1/4 " plywood I tried I did n't have much luck .
I managed to break the surface of the plywood just once , but the hole did n't go all the way through .
The other impacts left nice little halos from the coloured shell of the M&M .
I thought this was kind of neat for marking where you shot to - colour coded projectiles .
Shooting the M&M 's against a rougher surface like a tree , or my house , All I got was a nondescript little welt of peanut / chocolate crud stuck to the surface , with no discernible colour .
The next target I tried was just some cheap 1/ 4 " underlay plywood , rather than the good quality material I 'd used before .
With this , I managed to put the M&M through it on the first try .
Blue M&M went in here ...
... And came out here Update ( Jan 2005 )
I found a way to make the ball valves turn much easier .
Take the handle off , and turn it with a drill until it gets warm .
This sufficiently wears down the plastic that it then turns easily once its cold .
After that , it did leak ever so slightly , but greasing it stopped the leakage .
The reduced force needed to turn the valve allowed me to use a shorter lever , so my spring can open it faster .
The time it takes the valve to open is critical .
I also bought one of those 12 volt " Tire inflator " mini compressors that run off a cigarette lighter .
The one I bought cost $ 20 , and supposedly goes up to 275 PSI .
I have measured the pressure in the tank at as high as 240 PSI .
I also reduced the size of tank on my second airgun a little , so it would n't take as long to pump up with the mini compressor .
The gun will now put a marble through 3/4 " ( 18 mm ) good quality plywood .
It also makes quite a bang when it goes off .
I also bought some 5/8 " steel ball bearing balls , which are the same size as the marbles , but weigh three times as much ( about 15 grams ) .
I can put one of those through 30 mm of particle board , or sometimes sideways through a spruce 2x4 stud ( 1.5 " thick ) .
( May 2007 )
I found another use for the airgun .
Its a Crazy but effective way to clear a drain Final words
If you want to build your own air gun , I hope this page serves as an inspiration .
However , if this page is not enough for you to figure out how to build one , its probably best if you do n't try .
A device like that is inherently unsafe , and if you do n't know how to design one , you may not be able to anticipate ways that it may fail on you .
Something that puts a hole in 3/4 " plywood may also put a hole in somebody 's head .
Pease do n't ask for plans - I did n't draw any , and for liability reasons , it would probably be unwise for me to provide plans .
I 'm not a gun advocate , and I see no reason why somebody living in the city should have anything more than an airgun .
Although growing up on a farm , a shotgun came in handy here and there .
I also have a more detailed write up on this airgun See also : Marble shooting crossbow Back to the cannon page To my Woodworking page Back to Matthias Wandel 's home page
The Twilight Saga : New Moon is the second in the series
The new Twilight vampire movie took a record $ 26.3 m ( £ 15.9 m ) in midnight showings at North American box offices , studio Summit Entertainment has said .
That beats the previous North American record of $ 22.2 m ( £ 13.5 m ) for midnight openings , taken by Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince in July .
Experts have predicted that New Moon will have one of the biggest opening weekends for a non-summer film .
The first movie in the series , starring Robert Pattinson , made $ 69.6 m ( £ 42.1 m ) .
It is expected the sequel will take almost $ 100 m ( £ 60.6 m ) in the US and Canada over the course of the weekend .
Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire holds the current North American weekend record - outside of Hollywood 's May to August summer season - with takings of $ 102.7 m ( £ 62.2 m ) in November 2005 .
The biggest ever opening weekend was for Dark Knight - starring the late Heath Ledger - which took $ 158.4 m ( £ 96 m ) in July 2008 .
The new Twilight film follows the romance between high school student Bella Swan , played by Kristen Stewart , and vampire Edward Cullen , played by Pattinson .
The movie adaptations are based on the series of books by American author Stephenie Meyer .
The books have sold 85 million copies and have been translated into more than 20 languages .
Recent reports say the detention center at Guantanamo Bay will remain open for several more months , maybe into 2011 .
Despite the delay , President Barack Obama likely intends to close the prison .
His administration is hyper aware of its own perception and does not want to maintain a facility that so vividly represents Washington ’s abuse of justice .
I identify ‘ image ’ as Obama ’s primary motive because the closure of Guantanamo is essentially a cosmetic change that leaves underlying policies in tact .
The issue is n’t whether Guantanamo is open or closed ; it ’s whether prisoners are treated fairly or unfairly .
Obama has been clear .
In February , he defended Washington ’s right to deny the 600 prisoners at Bagram Air Base the means to challenge their imprisonment ( known as a writ of habeas corpus ) – the same position as the Bush II administration .
Their argument is that Bagram is outside the jurisdiction of domestic courts and therefore detainees should be handled through military tribunals .
In April , a district court judge ruled ( PDF ) that three Bagram detainees captured outside of Afghanistan had the legal right to challenge their detention .
He disagreed with Obama ’s argument , saying that “ a detention authority that sweeps so broadly is simply beyond what the law of war will support , ” and citing the concern that “ the Executive could move detainees physically beyond the reach of the Constitution and detain them indefinitely . ”
Obama reacted by appealing .
The decision signaled that the administration was not backing down in its effort to maintain the power to imprison terrorism suspects for extended periods without judicial oversight .
( NY Times )
Incidentally , this directly contradicts Obama ’s statement during the campaign , in which he rejected “ the false choice between fighting terrorism and respecting habeas corpus . ”
Obama spoke about this “ false choice ” in response to the landmark Boumediene v. Bush Supreme Court case , which determined that detainees at Guantanamo Bay have the constitutional right to challenge their imprisonment in U.S. courts and that military tribunals were insufficient to guarantee due process .
Obama hailed the decision , saying that it was a “ rejection of the Bush administration ’s attempt to create a legal black hole at Guantanamo . ”
But if prisoners are held at Bagram without access to courts , if their mistreatment is routine – sometimes to the point of death , then how could we consider the detention center anything but a black hole ?
While Washington has disavowed Guantanamo , it has “ more than $ 200 million in projects in the works ” at Bagram , including plans to add space for a ballooning prison population .
So Obama probably will close Guantanamo , but it makes little difference if he still reserves the power to send prisoners to Bagram , where they will be subjected to the same fiasco of justice .
_____
Flickr photo by takomabibelot
Salam Fayyad , the appointed Palestinian Authority prime minister and a favorite of the US government and developmentistas , is being groomed to succeed President Mahmoud Abbas .
( MaanImages / POOL / Mustafa Abu Dayeh )
UNHRC
PA
While the shock and anger over Abbas ’s actions is understandable , it ignores how he has behaved to date .
Indeed , burying the Goldstone report represents the culmination of Abbas ’s collusion and incompetence dating to the time of his ( brief ) assumption of the then newly created post of prime minister in 2003 .
As the newly appointed prime minister , Abbas drew scorn for appearing beside then US President George W. Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and reciting a speech that appeared to have been written by a low - level State Department staffer — with nary a mention of Palestinian suffering .
Yet , this abysmal beginning was a highlight compared to his subsequent presidency .
After being ignored by Bush and Sharon his first year in office , Abbas collaborated with the US and Israel in an attempt to undermine and overthrow the Hamas - run government elected in 2006 .
After Hamas ’s takeover of Gaza a year later , Abbas all but endorsed Israel ’s siege of the territory , going so far as to order the PA ’s ambassador at the UN to block an attempt by Qatar and Indonesia to obtain a Security Council resolution “ expressing concern ” over “ a pending humanitarian crisis . ”
As the siege tightened , Abbas repeatedly insulted his own people , deriding their efforts to break the siege as well as attempts by international solidarity activists to draw attention to their plight .
Judging by their fumbling and inconsistent responses over the past several days , Abbas and his cronies were clearly caught off guard by the reaction to the postponement .
After making the ludicrous announcement that he would empower an investigation into what happened at the UNHRC , Abbas dispatched the PA ’s “ foreign minister , ” Riyad al - Maliki , to New York to participate in an emergency session of the UN Security Council called at the request of Libya to discuss the Goldstone report .
Regardless of what happens at the Security Council , any rational observer must ask , exactly what kind of “ president ” is Mahmoud Abbas and who does he represent ?
Therein lies the rub .
Abbas ’s term as president expired on 9 January and he has been ruling under extra-constitutional emergency powers since .
Not only is the emperor without clothes , he lacks legitimacy as well .
However , he does have a freshly trained and equipped praetorian guard courtesy of Washington and US Lt. General William Dayton .
The sole purpose of this force is to secure the rule of Abbas and his appointed Prime Minister Salam Fayyad and by extension the Fatah party .
On display during this summer ’s Fatah conference , the new security force demonstrates that while the neoconservative freedom agenda of the Bush Administration is gone , it has been replaced by a repression agenda under the guise of stability and realpolitik .
Palestinians will be hard pressed to know the difference .
Whether or not the clumsy attempt to shelve the report is the tipping point for Abbas ’s rule , the succession process has been underway for several years .
However , it is being coordinated by the US and Israel and is no reflection of the wishes and desires of the Palestinian people .
Abbas ’s likely successor is Fayyad , who somehow manages to be an even more uninspiring and unpopular character .
Yet , one would never know this considering the fawning press coverage he has received in the American media over the past few months , including The New York Times , Time magazine and The Los Angeles Times .
Fayyad is a favorite not just of American and European leaders , but the developmentistas who benefit from and ensure the perpetual state of dependence that defines the Palestine Industry .
In spite of the accolades from different quarters and hyperbolic claims of plans for effective institution - building , Fayyad ’s record is remarkably thin on actual achievements .
With no electoral success to point to , he is left with just one verifiable “ success ” : introducing direct deposit to the PA , in particular the security services .
No doubt this was a difficult effort , especially due to opposition from late Palestinian President Yasser Arafat .
However , what is never discussed in the glowing press accounts is that Fayyad ’s singular achievement barely qualifies him to be finance minister — his position when direct deposit was implemented — not prime minister and definitely not president .
But this is n’t about achievements or qualifications — that is not how the PA functions .
Fayyad was a favorite of the Bush Administration , especially the former president , and so far has maintained that status with the Obama Administration .
Both the Bush and Obama administrations have thoroughly manipulated Abbas and Fayyad , ensuring their mutual suspicion , competitiveness and insecurity in order to maintain a feckless and weak leadership beholden to the US and Israel and not to the Palestinian people .
Meanwhile , the same supporters of the Abbas and Fayyad government who never tired of hailing every banal utterance by Bush and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , regardless of how destructive their policies were to Palestinian rights and aspirations , have now sought to champion the meager efforts of the Obama Administration .
Once again Palestinians are told that yet another American president is paying “ attention ” to their situation and is “ focused ” on the “ peace process . ”
We have heard this all before , and unless Palestinians reclaim their national movement , we will hear it again and again .
Palestinians and those sympathetic to their cause must recognize that Abbas and his clique will abandon any advantage and undermine any initiative that threatens the position , privileges and wealth they have accrued while in power .
The PA will not dissolve itself , but it will disrupt and impede any progress or effort that threatens to truly challenge the occupation and Israel ’s system of apartheid of which they are an essential component and direct beneficiaries .
No matter what success activists across the globe have against Israeli apartheid and the occupation , the PA will scuttle those gains .
Tales of corruption , graft and incompetence at the highest levels of the PA are neither new nor shocking .
What is , however , is that Palestinians have allowed this situation to persist .
As a result , Abbas ’s government has grown more strident and obvious in its collaboration with the occupation , a fact fully realized in Geneva on Friday .
The calls for Abbas ’s resignation are long overdue and without question he is not now nor was he ever fit to be president of the Palestinian people .
Similarly , Salam Fayyad has demonstrated that he is little more than a willing tool waiting to hear his master ’s call so he can ascend to power .
These men are certainly responsible for the fiasco in Geneva , but Palestinians must also ask : who else is accountable ?
Accountability in this context is not just those who made and implemented this unconscionable decision , but the elected and appointed leadership of the Palestinian people who stood by and in their silence allowed it to pass .
To date , the condemnations have been strong but the resignations have been few , and some likely self - serving .
One wonders , where are the rest ?
Indeed , the measure for Palestinians in evaluating their leaders must now be : what did you do when Abbas shelved the Goldstone report ?
Did you oppose it ?
Or did you remain silent ?
Did you act ?
Or were you complicit ?
For those who claim to be leaders and representatives , this is how you will be judged — now and by history .
Let there be no doubt , there will be a reckoning and you must choose .
Absent from this discussion is what happened in those three weeks in Gaza .
Nearly 1,500 Palestinians were killed , including 109 women and 320 children and thousands more were injured .
Basic infrastructure , homes , businesses and schools were destroyed and because of the siege , are yet to be rebuilt .
The use of white phosphorous and flechette bombs , indiscriminate shelling and bombing of civilian areas , use of human shields , and the list goes on .
By burying the Goldstone report , the US , Israel and the PA also hoped to bury these crimes .
With Gaza isolated and besieged , they believe that claims of Israeli war crimes will get overtaken by other events and lost in the media din .
Considering the poverty of leadership in Abbas ’s regime , it is up to people of good conscience to step into the breach and ensure that Gaza is never forgotten and that the PA , like the occupation it serves , ends up on the ash heap of history .
Osamah Khalil is a doctoral candidate in US & Middle East History at the University of California , Berkeley and a frequent contributor to The Electronic Intifada .
He can be reached at ofkhalil A T gmail D O T com .
Beloved video game industry commentator Daniel Floyd is back with his latest intellectual diatribe into video game culture !
In this episode , he dives into the press controversy surrounding the medium and how gamers should react .
From the Youtube video description : Episode Seven in my series of video “ lectures , ” made in association with James Portnow , game designer and founder of Divide By Zero Games .
I can be reached at floydo_animation at yahoo dot com .
You can reach James at jportnow at gmail dot com .
Insomnia
In a previous post , I wrote about insomnia and how cherries might be able to help the problem .
Not being able to fall asleep at night or getting up in the middle of the night and not being able to fall asleep again can be very frustrating and a common problem for the elderly .
I came across a Web site , http://insomnia123.com that you might want to check out , if sleep is a problem .
Michael B. Steinberg , MD , MPH educates you on what insomnia is in short video or text segments .
Additionally , if you join ( no charge for membership ) , you can download sleep music and get his newsletter .
In my very first blog post , I talked about committing to walking every day .
If insomnia is a problem , try the recommended 10 K steps every day .
Personally , I think one of the nicest places to walk is on the sand along the ocean .
As I write this post , I ’m in southern California and I had the opportunity to visit the Santa Monica State Beach .
After getting up from a good night ’s sleep , wake up happy .
According to Whitney in her feng shui tips , she suggests that you place a picture of your loved one (s ) by your bed because feng shui believes that the first thing you see in the morning and the last thing you see before you fall asleep will have a profound impact on your life .
By looking at loved ones , it triggers your brain to release oxytocin , which is the “ love ” hormone , which makes you feel happy and secure .
What a great way to start and end your day , especially if you are fortunate to have grandchildren !
Tagged with : Brain • Cherries • Feng Shui Tips • Followers • Free Word • Grandchildren • Insomnia • Love • Michael B Steinberg MD • Music • Nature Talk • Oxytocin • Profound Impact • Santa Monica State Beach • Sleep problems • Sleep problems • Southern California • Steinberg • Text Segments • Walk 10 K steps • Walking • Website Visitors • Word Of Mouth • Word Of Mouth Advertising
Filed under : Senior Health • Sleep problems
Like this post ?
Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more !
We are launching our new Softer World collection in Montreal on Monday !
Please come !
We 'll have hugs and books and high fives .
Here is the link , come see us !
A US privacy group is appealing against the legal protection of telecom companies that participated in a wiretapping program during the presidency of George W. Bush .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) is appealing , on behalf of several plaintiffs , a June federal court decision that upheld legislation that protects the companies , who acted without court authorization , from being prosecuted .
ADVERTISEMENT
The 2008 law was approved by Congress at the urging of the Bush administration , which sought help from the companies to wiretap terror suspects under a program established in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
EFF argues that the legislation is “ unconstitutional ” because it grants “ the attorney general the unconstrained power to decide whether to nullify existing federal and state law governing these actions . ”
The Bush administration program was revealed in December 2005 and provoked outrage because it circumvented a legal system set up to certify whether the government could carry out surveillance inside the United States .
The program was believed to primarily target non-Americans , but had the potential to include American citizens too .
EFF , a privacy group that focuses on civil rights on the Internet , is working with the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of 46 plaintiffs to challenge the legislation .
Today in Sarah Palin news :
She ’s trying to get the “ Blackie McMuslimcommunist may not be an American ” ball rolling again , while also banning any non-English speaking press from asking her any questions , while also demanding she be addressed as “ Goveror Palin ” even though she quit that job because she was too dumb and ill - tempered to handle it .
Palin went on the air yesterday with some right - wing radio host named Rusty Humphries , who tossed her a line she could n’t help but bite :
“ Would you make the birth certificate an issue if you ran ? ” “ I think the public rightfully is still making it an issue .
I do n’t have a problem with that .
I do n’t know if I would have to bother to make it an issue , because I think that members of the electorate still want answers , ” she replied .
“ Do you think it ’s a fair question to be looking at ? ” Humphries persisted .
“ I think it ’s a fair question , just like I think past association and past voting records — all of that is fair game , ” Palin said .
“ The McCain - Palin campaign did n’t do a good enough job in that area . ”
And then WCCO in Minneapolis disclosed Palin ’s media guidelines for her book tour last night on their website :
For Palin ’s appearance at the Mall of America next week WCCO received a list of seven media guidelines , including one stating there can be no foreign press — only English - speaking press and another that said media must address Palin as “ Governor . ”
The other rules include no interviews — but if the media want one , a request must be submitted to her publicist — plus no microphones , only background sound and pictures , and only the first 10 minutes of her appearance can be taped .
Sarah Palin should just be placed in a glass case and put on permanent display at the Mall of America .
Start Saving Today !
We shop the market with over a half a dozen car insurance carriers and help you find the best priced policy to match your needs .
Best of all , were not an online lead generation site .
We ARE Michigan 's online agency .
We find the best rates and then provide the best service available to you at no additional cost .
With us you get personal service and treated like family !
We shop the market for you each and EVERY renewal making sure you continue to get the best rates available making us your best option and your last insurance agency you 'll every need .
Why do flags flutter ?
Why do some leaves have serrated edges ?
Why is a pattern left behind when muddy water evaporates ?
Those are just a few of the burning questions Lakshminarayanan Mahadevan has dedicated his life to answering .
A professor of applied mathematics at Harvard University , he seeks to explain the mundane details of the world that most of us take for granted .
" It 's work no self - respecting experimentalist would do , " he says .
Mahadevan starts by creating a mathematical model of something — how a Venus flytrap snaps shut so quickly , for instance — then examines the thing in his laboratory to see if his equations are accurate .
Usually they are n't , forcing him to look deeper .
" Most questions that are easy to ask are very difficult to answer , " he says .
These quirky experiments may have practical applications :
His study of how honey drips , for example , could help geologists studying magma .
But that 's the last thing on his mind .
" I 'm happy just to have my curiosity satisfied , if only temporarily . "
In September , Mahadevan 's research garnered a $ 500,000 MacArthur " genius " grant .
How will the money change him ?
" Now , " he says with a chuckle , " I can fail in even more spectacular ways . "
The man who apparently persuaded Ridley Scott to helm a film based on Monopoly has described the amazing premise which reeled in the director .
Yes indeed , this is a special treat for the board game movie adaptation fans among you , who 've been known to ask , for example , just how on God 's Green Earth they expect to translate Risk to the big screen .
Well ,
There 's Something About Mary producer Frank Beddor has revealed to the LA Times just how he came to the rescue of the Universal / Hasbro Monopoly hook - up , announced earlier this year .
He told the paper : " The project was underway but they were in a little bit of trouble I guess and they were looking for a way to actually turn it into a movie .
I had a pretty interesting take and it got Sir Ridley interested ... "
And here 's how he did it :
I created a comedic , lovable loser who lives in Manhattan and works at a real estate company and he ’s not very good at his job but he ’s great at playing Monopoly .
And the world record for playing is 70 straight days - over 1,600 hours - and he wanted to try to convince his friends to help him break that world record .
They think he is crazy .
They kid him about this girl and they 're playing the game and there ’s this big fight .
And he ’s holding a Chance card and after they ’ve left he says , ‘ Damn , I wanted to use that Chance card , ’ and he throws it down .
He falls asleep and then he wakes up in the morning and he ’s holding the Chance card , and he thinks , ‘ That ’s odd . ’
He ’s all groggy and he goes down to buy some coffee and he reaches into his pocket and all he has is Monopoly money .
All this Monopoly money pours out .
He ’s confused and embarrassed and the girl reaches across the counter and says , ‘ That ’s OK . ’
And she gives him change in Monopoly money .
He walks outside and he’s in this very vibrant place , Monopoly City , and he ’s just come out of a Chance Shop .
As it goes on , he takes on the evil Parker Brothers in the game of Monopoly .
He has to defeat them .
It tries to incorporate all the iconic imageries - a sports car pulls up , there 's someone on a horse , someone pushing a wheelbarrow - and rich Uncle Pennybags , you 're going to see him as the maître d' at the restaurant and he's the buggy driver and the local eccentric and the doorman at the opera .
There 's all these sight gags .
Upon hearing this revolutionary idea , Sir Ridley said without hesitation : " What do I have to be part of this movie ? " *
Quite how Monopoly : The Motion Picture eventually turns out remains to be seen .
The screenwriting has been turned over to Pamela Pettler of Monster House fame , and Beddor admitted : " Things will change , it 's been a couple of years since I came up with all that .
I did my job where I created this world so they could get really excited and get Ridley excited . " ®
Bootnote
* Presumably he meant " What do I have to do ... "
Oh yes , we 've just had a great idea for a movie :
Bloke wakes up in the morning in Hollywood and goes to buy a coffee and reaches for his wallet but all he has in his pocket is a brilliant , original screenplay , and he 's confused and embarrassed and rightly so because the girl reaches across the counter and says : " How you gonna pay for a coffee with that ?
Come back when you 've got a bankable idea based on dominoes , or whatever . "
In case you ’re confused about your religious beliefs , the awesome flowchart below , created by the good people at Holy Taco , should resolve all doubts :
False gods are everywhere , of course , and I ’m sure you ’ll find a vendor to customize one to your needs .
May we all be cult .
( Link via email from Chandoo . )
SCRIPTURAL AUTHORITY : INTERNAL EVIDENCE *
© Colin W. Mitchell , Ph. D .
Binfield , England
BIBLICAL AUTHORITY
The Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments claim divine inspiration throughout but contain two distinct types of message .
The first type is those messages which claim to be the direct utterances of God .
This includes the Decalogue and over 2,000 statements introduced by such phrases as ' the word of the LORD came to . . .' or ' thus saith the LORD ' .
The actual words of Christ in the New Testament belong to this category .
Although their arrangement in the text may be due to the author , the message is directly from God .
The second type of message consists of narratives , teachings , and poetry composed by the human writers themselves , but which are arrangements of Scripture quotations , historical records , oral accounts , or personal observations .
The Pauline epistles and the book of Acts are examples of this method .
Rice1 has defined the first type as ' prophetic ' and the second as ' Lucan ' , choosing these terms because the prophets frequently spoke words given them directly by God , whereas Luke selected and arranged a number of sources .
The Bible authors wrote mainly in Hebrew and Greek although Aramaic is occasionally used .
2
Translations can be valid only to the extent that they reproduce the true sense of the original .
As the different writers present a subject under different aspects and relations , there may appear to be discrepancies and contradictions , but reverent study , with clearer insight , shows the underlying harmony .
There area number of lines of evidence that the Bible is the infallible Word of God .
TESTIMONY OF THE INTERNAL CLAIM
The internal claim to divine authority is so frequent that to quote all the passages would require a book .
It is both directly stated and implicitly assumed in both Old and New Testaments .
Direct statements are made by David , Jeremiah , Ezekiel , Luke , and Paul.3
Peter goes so far as to state that the Scriptures are surer than the evidence of the senses .
4
Scriptural authority is also assumed in many passages where there is no direct statement .
Both Moses and John warn against adding or subtracting from it .5 David refers to the law as everlasting , 6 and Amos says that God will reveal all His works through His prophets .
7
The outstanding testimony comes from our Lord .
He clearly supports the authority and everlasting nature of every word , 8 refers to Old Testament passages as authoritative both before and after the Resurrection , 9 and equates God with the authorship of the first two chapters of Genesis.10
He settles a dispute by taking two words from a psalm , calling them the Law and saying that it can not be broken .
11
He even makes the exact moment of His own death depend upon the fulfilment of one verse , 12 and continues to quote the Scriptures even after the Resurrection .
13
TESTIMONY OF ITS UNITY
About forty writers , widely differing in occupation and experience , scattered from Egypt to Babylon , and from Rome to Midian , wrote over a span of 1,500 years .
Yet when brought together the writings show one Author and one theme
TESTIMONY OF ITS ENDURANCE
The Bible claims that its words will last forever .
14 Despite frequent attempts over 2 millenia to destroy , ban , or restrict its circulation , it remains the world 's best seller .
Opposition has tended to increase , rather than decrease , its popularity .
TESTIMONY OF SCIENCE
Although the Bible is not a textbook on science , except the science of salvation , every statement shows a knowledge which can only have come from a deep creative intelligence .
Although man 's discoveries do not all apparently agree with it , the trend has always been for advancing science to confirm it .
This is evidence that the Creator must be its author .
It contains statements about the nature of the universe and such details as health laws , unknown when it was written , which were only discovered much later by human science and partly through following its guidance .
The Bible 's understanding of cosmology can be seen not only in direct statements about Creation and the Flood but also in many intimations which show that the authors , even if they did not always understand all they wrote , were in fact inspired by a source of knowledge which can only have come from the Creator .
A number of examples of this can be quoted .
Hipparchus in the second century BC believed that the number of stars in the sky was less than 3,000 , and Ptolemy m the second century AD counted 1,056 .
However , 400 years earlier Jeremiah had stated that the stars were innumerable .
15
This was repeated by the author of Hebrews in the first century AD,16 and finally confirmed by modern telescopes .
The Bible states that the Earth is spherical , 17 that it hangs unsupported in space ,18 and that the atmosphere , has the character of a tent with wind and water vapour in a circulating cycle.19 0nly since the Renaissance have these facts been appreciated .
Biblical health laws reveal a knowledge of the human body which implies the insight of a Creator .
This is now being increasingly demonstrated from scientific evidence .
The main causes of death in Western countries are atherosclerosis and cancer .
They are almost always due to diets high in cholesterol and saturated fats , the former entirely , and the latter partly , from animal products .
The Mosaic law forbade the human consumption of animal fat .21
Another example is the injunction about infant circumcision .
Modern medical science has verified that the greatest risk of haemorrhage from incisions occurs between two and seven days of life .
This is because at birth a baby 's intestines contain no bacteria and these only proliferate in the 4th to 7th days .
These bacteria ate needed to form the vitamin K which is important in forming clotting proteins in the liver .
After the seventh day , the operation becomes increasingly traumatic as the child 's consciousness of pain increases .
It can only be because of prior knowledge of the human body that Scripture enjoins circumcision on the eighth day .
22
TESTIMONY OF THE JEWS : Acts 7:36 ; Jeremiah 31:36 , 37 ; Leviticus 26:32 , 33 ; Numbers 23:9
The existence of the Jewish people is a standing testimony to the historicity of the Scriptures .
Their observance of the Passover and the Mosaic law are perpetual reminders of their Egyptian bondage and of the Exodus .
The Jewish diaspora among the nations is a reminder of Old Testament prophecies that they would be thus scattered .
23
Their unchanging attachment to Jerusalem continually recalls the central place of its temple in worship .
The Arch of Titus in Rome is a standing witness to the fall of Jerusalem in AD70 .
Its representation of the vessels of the Tabernacle links Gentile history incontestably to the religion given by God on Mount Sinai more than 3,000 years ago .
TESTIMONY OF FULFILLED PROPHECY RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS
The antiquity and prophetic character of the Old Testament writings has always been accepted by the Jews .
In recent years this has been strongly confirmed by the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls .
These were leather scrolls wrapped in linen cloth and placed in jars in numerous caves in the marly cliffs at Qumran , a mile or so west of the north - western corner of the Dead Sea .
They date from the first century BC to the first century AD , thus antedating by centuries previously known texts , which they closely confirm .
The caves contained fragments of every Old Testament book except Esther .
No fewer than twelve manuscripts of Isaiah and ten of the Psalms were found in a single cave .
A significant find with bearings on the date and authorship of the book of Daniel was that fragments show the change from Hebrew to Aramaic in 2:4 and from Aramaic to Hebrew in 7:28 - 8:1 , exactly as in our modern texts of Daniel .
a. BABYLON . Isaiah 13:19 - 22 .
Isaiah prophesied between about 745 and 686BC .
There is no manuscript or traditional evidence that his book is not a unity or that his book was written later than this time .
Babylon rose to its zenith under Nebuchadnezzar between 606 and 561BC .
Isaiah predicts that it would be destroyed , left desolate and uninhabited and that no Arab would pitch his tent or shepherd leave his sheep there .
The site of Babylon is still a desolation .
The ground is infertile through impregnation with salt .
The area is inhabited by wild creatures and is avoided by Arabs after dark for fear of evil spirits .
This future was almost inconceivable when Isaiah wrote .
The city fell in 536BC to Cyrus , king of Persia , after which it declined to obscurity .
b. NINEVEH .
Zephaniah 2:13 - 15 ; Jonah 3:3 . Zephaniah probably wrote during the reign of Josiah ( 640-609BC ) .
His allusions to Judah 's low state of morality seem reasonably to place his book before the great reformation in 621BC .
He .prophesied that Nineveh , called by Jonah a century earlier ' an exceedingly great city ' , would become desolate , parched , and inhabited by flocks and wild animals .
It was completely destroyed by Babylon in about 607BC and the site was only with difficulty discovered in the nineteenth century .
Thus the prophecy was exactly fulfilled although it would have appeared very unlikely when given .
c. EGYPT .
Ezekiel 29:14 , 15 ; 30:13 - 15 .
Ezekiel wrote between 592 and 570BC around the time of the fall of Jerusalem to the Babylonians under Nebuchadnezzar in 586BC .
He was living in exile in Babylon over 1,000 kilometres from Egypt , which he had probably never seen .
He states that four things will happen : the idols of Memphis will be destroyed , Thebes will be destroyed and fired , the multitude of Thebes will be cut off , and there will no longer be a native prince from Egypt .
Both Memphis and Thebes were then important cities .
Herodotus tells us that Cambyses destroyed idols when he conquered Egypt in about 525BC .
This destruction probably included Memphis because it was the Egyptian capital .
Memphis ultimately was surpassed by nearby Cairo , so that by the beginning of the twentieth century AD the ruins of the city , including the great temple of Ptah and the dwelling of Apis , were traceable only by a few stones among the palm trees , fields and heaps of rubbish .
24 Thebes was finally destroyed by Cornelius Gallus during the reign of Augustus and became a collection of villages , which it remained until modern times .
At the time the prophecy was written , Egypt was a world power ruled by the 26th dynasty , the last native Egyptian .
After this , the country lost international influence and then for 2,000 years lacked a native ruling dynasty , and has never had a ruler who possessed the power of former kings .
Ezekiel 26:3 - 14 .
These verses were written before Ezekiel heard of the fall of Jerusalem , probably in early 585BC ( Ezekiel 33:21 ) .
They contain six prophecies : 1 . Nebuchadnezzar will destroy the mainland city of Tyre ( 26:8 ) .
2 . Many nations will oppose Tyre ( 26:3 ) .
3 . She will be made a flat bare rock ( 26:4 ) .
4 . Her debris will be thrown into the water ( 26:12 ) .
5 . Fishermen will spread nets over the site ( 26:5 ) .
6 . She will never be rebuilt ( 26:14 ) .
The fulfilment : 1 . Nebuchadnezzar started a siege of Tyre in 585 BC and finally destroyed the mainland city in 573BC .
When he broke the gates down he found the city almost empty .
The majority of the people had moved by ship to an island about half a mile off the coast and fortified a city there .
2 . Alexander the Great sacked Tyre in 332BC .
During the wars of his successors it was captured from Antigonus by Ptolemy I , the ally of Seleucus in 312BC .
It passed into the dominion of Seleucus in 287 , and was again captured by Ptolemy II Philadelphus in 275 .
It was often contested during the Crusades and was in the hands of Europeans until AD 1291 , when it was finally yielded to the Muslims .
3 , 4 . When Alexander attacked Tyre , the people retreated from the mainland site to the fortified offshore island .
He scraped the old site clean , throwing the debris into the sea to make a causeway to the island , leaving it bare rock .
5 . The old ( deserted ) site has long been used by fishermen to spread their nets .
6 . That site has never been rebuilt to this day .
Much the greatest amount of fulfilled prophecy relates to the Messiah .
There are two main reasons why this is especially strong evidence for Scriptural authority .
First , the prophecies are both numerous and highly detailed , extending to some of the minutiae of Jesus ' life on Earth .
Secondly , the prophecies are incontestably earlier than their fulfilments .
Even before the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls , it was universally accepted that the Old Testament books in which they occur were in existence before our Lord 's first coming .
A. Prophecies concerning Jesus ' birth PROPHECY FULFILMENT 1 Born of the seed of woman Gen. 3:15 Gal. 4:4 2 Born of a virgin Isa .
7:14 Matt. 1:18 , 24 , 25 3 Son of God Ps. 2:7 Matt. 3:17 4 Seed of Abraham Gen. 22:18 Gal. 3:16 5 Son of Isaac Gen. 21:12 Luke 3:34 6 Son of Jacob Num. 24:17 Luke 3:34 7 Tribe of Judah Gen. 49:10 Luke 3:23 , 33 8 Family line of Jesse Isa .
11:1 Luke 3:23 , 32 9 House of David Jer. 23:5 Luke 2:4 10 Born at Bethlehem Mic. 5:2 Matt. 2:1 11 Presented with gifts Ps. 72:10 Matt. 2:1 , 11 12 Herod kills children Jer. 31:15 Matt. 2:16 B. Prophecies concerning Jesus ' ministry PROPHECY FULFILMENT 1 Preceded by a messenger Isa .
40:3 Matt. 3:1 , 2 2 Year Christ begins ministry Dan. 9:25 Matt. 4:16 - 20 Isa .
61:1 , 2 3 Ministry to begin in Galilee Isa. 9:1 Matt. 4:12 -17 4
Will perform miracles Isa. 35:5 , 6 Matt. 9:35 5 Teaching in parables Ps. 78:2 Matt. 13:34 6 Enters Jerusalem on a donkey Zech . 9:9 Matt. 21:7-10 C. Prophecies of Jesus ' last days PROPHECY FULFILMENT I Betrayed by a friend Ps. 41:9 Matt .
10:4 2 Sold for 30 pieces of silver , which was thrown down in God 's house and used to buy a potter 's field Zech .
11:12 , 13 Matt. 27:3-7 3 Forsaken by disciples Zech .
13:7 Mark 14:50 4 Accused by false witnesses Ps. 35:11 Matt. 26:59 , 60 5 Dumb before accusers Isa. 53:7 Matt. 27:12 6 Wounded and bruised Isa. 53:5 Matt. 27:26 7 Smitten and spat upon Isa .
50:6 Matt. 26:67 8 Mocked Ps. 22:7 , 8 Matt. 27:31 9 Hands and feet pierced Ps. 22:16 John 20:25 -27 10 Crucified with thieves Isa. 53:12 Matt. 27:38 11
Made intercession for persecutors Isa. 53:12 Luke 23:34 12 Rejected by His own people Isa. 53:3 John 7:5 , 48 13 Friends stood afar off Ps. 38:11 Luke 23:49 14 People shook their heads Ps. 109:25 Matt. 27:39 15 Stared upon Ps. 22:17 Luke 23:35 16 Garments parted and lots cast Ps. 22:18 John 19:23 , 24 17 Suffered thirst Ps. 69:21 John 19:28 18 Gall and vinegar offered Him Ps. 69:21 Matt. 27:34 19 Made forsaken cry Ps. 22:1 Matt. 27:46 20 Committed Himself to God Ps. 31:5 Luke 23:46 21 Bones not broken Ps. 34:20 John 19:33 22 Heart broken Ps. 22:14 John 19:34 23
His side pierced Zech .
12:10 John 19:34 24 Darkness over the land Amos 8:9 Matt. 27:45 25 Buried in rich man 's tomb Isa .
53:9 Matt. 27:57-60 D Prophecies after Jesus ' death PROPHECY FULFILMENT 1 Resurrection Ps. 16:10 Acts 2:31 2 Ascension Ps. 68:18 Acts 1:9
TESTIMONY OF BIBLE'S POWER TO TRANSFORM CHARACTER : 1 Peter 1:23 ; Hebrews 4:12 ; Psalm 119:11
The Scriptures claim an ability to transform character , and by common consent this is true .
It has inspired most of the world 's material and moral improvements and has enobled individuals and societies which have followed it .
SUMMARY
There are many lines of evidence not only for the authority , but also for the infallibility , of the Scriptures .
They make these claims for themselves in both Old and New Testaments , sometimes by statement , but more often by assumption .
They have a remarkable unity , despite the variety of authors and the 1,500 years they span .
They have endured despite continuous opposition .
They show inerrant scientific insights , although written at a time when modern science was unknown .
The existence of the Jewish people is a continuing testimony to the accuracy of their history as given in the Old Testament .
The capacity of the Scriptures to foretell the future has often been verified , notably about the fate of nations , and above all , about the Messiah .
Finally , the Bible has demonstrated a unique ability to transform character and lives .
* This material is taken from Chapter 12 of The Case for Creationism by Dr. Colin Mitchell
REFERENCES
11983 , page 16 .
2e.g. in Daniel 2:4-7:28c.32 Samuel 23:1 , 2 ; Jeremiah 1:4-9 ; Ezekiel 2:7 ; Luke 1:70 ; 2 Timothy 3:16 .
42 Peter 1:20 , 21 .
5 Deuteronomy 4:2 ; Revelation 22:18 , 19 . 6 P salm 119:152 . 7 Amos 3:7 . 8 Matthew 5:18 . 9e.g. Matthew 24:15 ; Luke 16:31 ; 24:27 . 10 Matthew 19:4 , 5 . 11John 10:34 , 35 .
12 Psalm 69:21 . 13 Luke 24:25-27 . 14 psalm 12:7 ; Isaiah 40:8 ; Matthew 24:35 ; I Peter 1:23 - 25 . 15 Jeremiah 33:22 . 16 Hebrews 11:12 . 17 Isaiah 40:22 . 18 Job 26:7 . 191 saiah 40:22 , Ecclesiastes 1:6 , 7 . 20 Job 38:6 . 21 Leviticus 3:17 . 22 Genesis 17:12 ; McMi!len 1970 , pages 91 , 92.23 Leviticus 26:33 ; Psalm 44:11 ; Jeremiah 31:10 ; Ezekiel 12:15 .
24 Encyclopaedia Britannica , 1911 , article on Egypt .
Dry Skin
Dry skin can be a problem for many people especially during the cold winter months .
There are people who can get really sensitive with the discomfort they get along with skin itching and scaling when it comes to excessive dryness or stripping off of oil from the skin .
Image by gillianmae
Many people do n’t even realize that skin sheds a lot and needs sloughing during the winter months .
For this reason there can be health problems if the skin is not scrubbed well and cleaned to aid in the exfoliation .
There can be changes with erroneous patterns and itchy redness coming along with the dry skin in terms of winter changes coming with dry skin .
There are a lot of ways through which skin can be drawn from intermittent attention to get out of the cold and winter months .
There can be problems with some real discomfort if the skin is not well hydrated from inside .
Dry skin can even lead to pain and unsightly appearance including red scaling as well as intense itchiness .
The health problems with corrective measures can be readily handled along with erroneous changes in dietary patterns .
When skin is dry it is usually due to dehydration from within which can bring out a lot of problems for the outward body including itching and sore , redness and even scaling conditions .
If your scalp is dry it can be a big indication of dryness as well or some form of dehydration .
Usually scalp scaling begins when other parts of the body show sever displays of dehydration .
Under eye circles and dehydrated facial skin definitely means that there has been less internal hydration for days .
For counteracting these one can take more water enriched food and even add a pinch of Himalayan crystal salt first thing in the morning glass of water along with lemon juice , in order to bring better body balance .
A well hydrating sebum over face can also work to fight wrinkles and give a smoother texture to skin .
Lips that chap easily needs a balm and usually a good quality moisturizing cream or lotion can make the pores go invisible .
Usually it is not oily skin but dry skin which can show pores more .
Often the skin can feel parched or tight with the use of soap .
A good soap or face wash or even a cream face wash for drier skin will keep the skin moisturized .
Using extra virgin coconut oil in order to clean the make up off face before bed is better option than cleaning with any other face wash .
Image by american womanhood
Cleaning off your face off make ups in a gentle way works a long way to protect the skin ’s natural PH level .
A variety of factors work in order to generate some great factors to bring well hydrated and moisturized skin on your face .
Some careful practices are in our hands and we cannot neglect them if we want to maintain great skin .
Watch Full Movie Online Streaming Online and Download
Skin needs to be cleaned but always in a gentle way and not through harsh soaps that strip the oil off .
Natural skin oils circulate well when we do skin brushing for our body as well as our face .
It has to be done with gentle and natural body brush and facial brush in extremely light and circular motions , always directing towards the center of the body .
Dry skin can be genetic as well but comes more prominently due to pollution around us .
It can be aggravated with smoking , alcohol , strong A/C , cold wind , etc .
The problems can be modified if we take good care of our nourishment internally and maintain a healthy EFA balance through diet along with moisturizing our skin with good quality natural oil .
Rupert Murdoch may be rich , clever and influential , but his plan to remove News Corp content from Google 's index is just daft .
If he wants us to read his stories , let alone pay for them , we have to be able to find them first .
Dear Mr Murdoch ,
While you ’re undoubtedly rich and clever and influential , your plan to remove your news from Google ’s index is just daft .
If you want us to read your stories , let alone pay for them , we have to be able to find them first .
Last year more Americans got their news from the internet than newspapers .
From the graph in that story , it looks like it ’ll only be a few years before the internet surpasses television as well .
On the internet people — especially young people — do n’t get their news in a monolith from one or two sources like a daily newspaper or nightly TV bulletin .
“ The media revolution affects so many aspects of [ young people ’s ] lives and news just happens to be one of them , ” says Betsy Frank , Executive VP in charge of research at Viacom .
“ They have no loyalty to media institutions like their parents did , ” she says , and this wo n’t change as they get older . ”
People now gather their news from all over the place in little pieces — using the “ aggregators ” you despise , search engines and , increasingly , personal recommendations from “ friends ” on networks like Facebook , MySpace and Twitter .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
This is assuming they even want news to begin with .
As David Mindich , author of Tuned Out : Why Americans Under 40 Do n’t Follow the News , points out , “ They are still just as thoughtful , intelligent — and I would argue — literate as ever before .
What has changed is that young people no longer see a need to keep up with the news . ”
Now this morning , Mr Murdoch , I wanted to make sure I was n’t misrepresenting your comments .
Rather than watch your full 37 - minute interview with Sky News Australia — deadlines , deadlines ! —
I wanted a news report .
I went to Google News and typed “ murdoch block google ” .
The first result was this story at the UK ’s Telegraph .
I went to Microsoft ’s Bing and typed the same thing .
Their top link was this story at the Guardian .
( I also searched the news at Yahoo ! 7 and their one and only result was a Crikey story from a month ago .
Fail . )
I clicked through and read their stories — you do n’t see full stories in search engines , Mr Murdoch , you have to click through .
I saw their adverts .
They got traffic .
Do you own the Telegraph or the Guardian , Mr Murdoch ?
Oh dear .
There are many reasons the Telegraph and Guardian stories may have ranked higher in Google ’s search results , but the key one is how many people linked to those stories .
Google treats a link as a recommendation .
A vote for relevance .
People do n’t link to stories behind a paywall , so they ’re inevitably ranked lower .
If you ask Google not to index your stories , they wo n’t be discovered at all .
As Google ’s spokesman told the Telegraph , “ Google News and web search are a tremendous source of promotion for news organisations , sending them about 100,000 clicks every minute . ”
“ Publishers put their content on the web because they want it to be found , so very few choose not to include their material in Google News and web search .
But if they tell us not to include it , we do n’t . ”
I ’m worried on behalf of your shareholders , Mr Murdoch .
If you do n’t know how the internet works as a news medium — and if you do n’t even know how your own news sites work , as the Guardian story pointed out when you stuffed up the description of the WSJ.com paywall — they ’re screwed .
Dear Amy : I am a 40 - year - old divorced father of 14 - year - old twin sons .
Recently , a new neighbor moved in next door .
She is a very nice , charming and easy to get along with 30 - year - old single woman whom I ’ll call “ Martha . ”
A problem has arisen , and I need some advice .
On weekend afternoons when my sons play baseball in our back yard , Martha sunbathes topless in her back yard ( always while lying on her stomach , as far as I know ) .
The tall wooden fence between our yards provides her some privacy .
However , when the boys hit a foul ball into her yard , she allows one of them to come over to retrieve it .
Even though the fence is tall enough to prevent the boys from peering in at her , and even though she stays lying on her stomach whenever she is topless , the boys seem to hit more than their fair share of foul balls over the fence .
This past weekend while they were retrieving a ball from her yard , Martha allowed one of the boys to apply sunscreen lotion on her back .
I found her behavior inappropriate , because my boys are at the age when they notice girls , and because she does n’t always keep her arms tightly at her side when sunbathing .
When I spoke to her about this , Martha said that it is n’t a big deal and that the boys are perfect gentlemen .
Now what do I do ?
Am I making a big deal out of nothing ?
Should I prohibit my sons from backyard baseball and make them go to the playground field a few blocks away ?
— Concerned Dad in Pa .
Dear Concerned :
The lotion spreading is not good at all .
If your sons were daughters , and if your neighbor was a 30 - year - old man , you would see this behavior as worse than inappropriate .
You might see it as predatory .
Of course “ Martha ” does n’t think this is a big deal .
But she is in no position to judge .
Your sons should not have any physical contact with your neighbor .
As their dad , you should make this extremely clear to all parties , and then you should be vigilant to make sure that their contact remains nothing more than a neighborly “ howdy ” over the back fence .
Dear Amy : Last winter , I bumped the car behind me while backing into a parking space .
I do n’t believe I bumped it hard enough to damage it .
Just then , the owner arrived ; I think he checked the car over , and , as he drove off , he called something out to me .
I should have gotten out of my car and apologized , but I did n’t , and to this day , I do n’t know why .
I think I was in a state of shock .
I have never done anything like this before .
I felt so bad that I did n’t take responsibility at the time this happened .
I am still beating myself up over this .
I hope that if you print this , the driver might read it .
I do n’t expect forgiveness ; I just want him to know how sorry I am .
— Seeking Closure
Dear Seeking : I ’ll quote a friend of mine when I did something similar : “ They ’re called ‘ bumpers ’ for a reason . ”
If he had an opportunity to knock on your window to talk about the situation and chose not to , then you do n’t have a problem .
The fact that the other guy drove off before you did proves that he suffered from aggravation – nothing more .
The end of 2009 is fast approaching .
Yet another year has passed in a split second .
Our Web Designing careers are one year older and it ’s time to reflect on the highs and lows of 2009 .
What was your greatest achievement and what could you have done better ?
Perhaps , even more importantly , what are your goals for 2010 ?
Something that I noticed in 2009 is that being a web designer 24/ 7 ; it ’s easy to get consumed by the web .
It ’s easy to get caught up in the blog posts , CSS galleries , web trends and Twitter !
Living in this bubble can lead to one ’s work becoming stale , boring and basically like everyone else ’s work on the web .
No designer wants this .
So , I say on 1st January 2010 let ’s make it our New Year ’s resolution to create something different , something special or even ground - breaking !
Make it your goal to break the mold of current web design trends and light the way for your fellow web designer comrades !
Of course I would n’t let you embark on the New Year empty handed .
To help you on your way I ’ve compiled a few thoughts and ideas to get your brains ticking !
Do n’t design for the web , just design
A key factor in creating something original and fresh for the web is to stop thinking in terms of web design .
The first thing we need to do is forget the notion of headers , footers , side bars etc .
A website does n’t necessarily need any of these , so even before we ’ve started we ’ve already limited our design possibilities by thinking in these very conventional and generally accepted web terms .
The browser window is a 2D canvas like any other and we can do with it what we like .
With this in mind we can approach web design from a fresh perspective .
We can take inspiration for web design from editorial design , packaging design , comics , poster design , album artwork , motion design , street signage and anything else you can think of .
Web design is way more than the just the web and by taking this more wide angled view of what web design is and can be you ’ll find there are a thousand more exiting design possibilities .
Note :
Try leaving the wire framing till after you ’ve gone to town with some initial design concepts .
You might find it helps keep your head out of that ‘ web space ’ a little bit longer , thus enabling you to think more freely about your design .
Really go crazy with these as you can always pull it back into line later .
The key is to think big initially and then work backwards .
There ’s no point restricting your creativity early on because your technical knowledge can foresee problems down the line .
You can always sort these problems out later on … let your creative juices flow !
Try something new !
Progress in web design or in any design discipline is a sort of evolution .
Design trends and solutions merge and mutate to create new design trends and hopefully better solutions .
This is fine but the real leaps are made when someone has the guts to do something different .
Do n’t be afraid to challenge the status quo .
To create truly original work you have to be prepared to get it wrong and that ’s hard to do .
When you ’re faced with this challenge just remind yourself that in web design there is rarely a ‘ best way to do something ’ , or why would we ever do it any other way ?
If you do this and get it right the pay off can be immense .
Not only will you work stand out from the crowd by a mile , you will have become a trend setter as opposed to a trend follower .
Tell a story with your design
Great web design is way more than just the aesthetics , functionality or usability .
Great web design goes beyond the pixels on the screen .
For your website to make a real impact on it ’s users it has to connect with them emotionally .
So , whether your website is promoting your own company or selling cheese it needs to move people .
You need to weave a story into your design .
It ’s this story that your users will connect with .
To do this the main ingredients of your design need to be strongly connected .
In my head those main ingredients are Copy , Graphic Design , Typography , imagery and colour .
Copy
Strong meaningful copy is the backbone to most great web design work .
Pay special attention to strap lines and headlines as these are often the sparks that start the fire .
All the other elements can be inspired by this backbone of strong copy .
Graphic Design
Use the copy to influence how you treat the page with your graphic design .
Let the design echo the words .
Typography
What really excites me about typography is n’t the general text presentation on a page , most half decent web designer have a grasp of this already .
What excites me is the potential there is to base a whole design on words and letters .
Using the strong copy you already have , one has the opportunity the customise , distort , build and arrange words and letters to create beautiful and powerful compositions that can be the basis for an entire site design .
Imagery and Colour
With clever use of imagery ( photographs or illustrations ) and colour you further have the chance to deepen the story you are weaving into your design .
The key is to use meaningful imagery , do n’t to insert generic imagery for the sake of filling space … it ’s just a wasted opportunity .
Remember , the main elements of your design combined are greater than the sum of their parts .
Whatever design decisions you make on a page , make them for a good reason .
It ’s not good enough to try and seduce your users with slick and shiny web pages .
For your site to leave a lasting impression on the user you need to make that emotional connection .
Go one step further
So you ’ve almost finished your latest website design .
You ’ve fulfilled the brief , you ’re happy with the result and you ’re pretty sure your client will be too .
It ’s at this point we should ask ourselves “ Can I push this further ” ?
What touches could you add to the site that ’ll take it beyond what was required and into something exceptional ?
The truth is , to produce exceptional work we need to do more than is required of us .
We need to answer the brief and then some !
Go back through your site and make a note of what enhancements could be made to make the site not just good but outstanding .
It might be revisiting a couple of pages that were neglected in the design process , it might be adding some CSS 3 gloss for the users that can benefit from it or it might just be adding some clever little easter eggs to show that you care .
These touches will soon add up and make a massive difference to the finished product .
So , go one step further … take it further than you anyone else will .
Then your work will stand out for sure .
Parting message
I love being a designer for many of reasons but the main one being that with every new project we embark on we have the chance to express ourselves .
We have the chance to create something special , something that people will talk about .
It ’s this chance that drives us onwards day after day , year after year .
So in 2010 shout louder than you ever have before , take chances , try something new and above all design your socks off !
Lest he forget : Ex-soldier has all 232 names of troops killed in Afghanistan tattooed on his body
His bare back is still red raw from their freshly - inked names .
But former soldier Shaun Clark had promised to have the name of every troop killed in Afghanistan tattooed on his body in honour of their sacrifice .
And he was n't going to back out .
Mr Clark , 43 , spent more than four hours in the tattooist 's chair today as each of the 232 names were etched in ink over his chest and back .
Former soldier Shaun Clark has the names of every British soldier killed in Afghanistan tattooed on his back
Mr Clark , who served with the 8th Battalion Light Infantry Regiment from 1989 to 1996 , was waiting in the tattooist 's chair at 11 am this morning to carry out his painful pledge .
The first name was etched on his body just as the traditional Armistice Day two - minute silence began .
He said : ' I do n't mind suffering for a few days if I can let the lads know that people really care about what they 're doing out there , and raise some money for the guys coming home wounded as well .
' The family thought I was mad to begin with , but they 've come round to the idea now , and my wife is backing me all the way . '
The married father - of - two from Doncaster hopes his challenge will raise £ 500 for the charity Help for Heroes .
He plans on updating the sombre list every year on Remembrance Day if required .
Before his ordeal began , Mr Clark said : ' It 's going to be painful business but it 's nothing compared to what the troops are going through every single day on the front line . '
He added : ' I know it 's a bit extreme covering the top half of your body front and back with 223 names , but it 's my way of honouring all those men and women and it'll be there as a memorial for as long as I live . '
Good cause : Shaun Clark has raised more than £ 4,500 for the Help for Heroes charity
Mr Clark said : ' I wanted to do something to raise money for the heroes who still need help and to honour the memory of the fallen .
' I 've still lots of friends from my days in the Army over in Afghanistan and there 's lots of Donny lads out there as well .
' Lots of people do things to raise money but I wanted to do something different and something permanent .
' It 's not just about raising money - it's also about letting these lads know that people care about what they 're doing . '
Tattoo artist Kevin Kent , who is donating his services free of charge , said : ' We 're going to start just as the two minute silence begins at 11 am on Wednesday , and I 've told Shaun that 's it 's going to be a slow and painful process . '
Mr Clark served in Denmark , Gibraltar and Norway before leaving the Army in 1997 .
He says he has received many messages of support from soldiers still out in Afghanistan as well as from former colleagues .
Mr Clark has set up a page on the Just Giving fundraising website and has raised £ 165 .
His page is inundated with supportive comments from well - wishers .
One supporter writes : ' Good luck shaun its means a lot to me what you are doing as my husband is there soon . '
Another adds : ' Top bloke .
We will remember them . '
A Help for Heroes spokesman said : ' We are used to people going the extra mile , but this goes far beyond the norm .
' Shaun was in touch a few days ago to confirm everything was going ahead .
' It turned out to be a very poignant conversation because the volunteer who took the call lost her husband in action earlier in the year and , of course , his name is among those on the list . "
Help for Heroes is a charity that raises money to support members of the Armed Forces who have been wounded .
In just over two years , the charity has raised over £ 30 million through more than 10,000 individual events .
by
One of the most basic reasons many of us start to develop and run websites and blogs is to try to make ourselves a small fortune .
We ’ve all heard about or read stories of people who were able to come up with some product or website and very quickly turn it into a cash generating machine .
While I do n’t want to burst your bubble , the chance of that happening to you or me is pretty slim to none .
I ’m sorry , but it ’s a fact .
However , that does n’t mean you ca n’t become a successful internet entrepreneur .
In fact , there ’s a simple thing you can start doing right now that will essentially guarantee that you will get far with your website or blog :
FOCUS ON EVERYONE BUT YOURSELF
I know this point seems rather obvious , but in the quest for riches and notoriety , we tend to over look this rather meaningful item .
No matter what niche your website serves – whether you talk about politics , money , dieting , marketing , etc. – or how crowded that niche is , if you focus on your readers , you will end up succeeding .
Here are three simple ways you can start focusing on your readers so that you provide them an enriching experience on your site :
1 ) Focus on improving your readers ’ – not your own – problems .
I know that you ’ve created your website or your blog to serve your own purposes , however , if your site or blog does n’t actually help people solve their own problems , they ’re never going to come back to your site , if they find it at all .
When writing your posts , focus on what your readers want to read or learn from you .
You can learn what they want by being an active member in forums related to your niche , reading and responding to comments on your site , and reading popular posts on other sites or blogs related to your niche .
By virtue of creating your site , you have made yourself into an authority figure .
By continuously writing about what your readers want and solving their problems , you will grow this authority and will end up with an incredibly successful website or blog .
2 ) Do n’t hold anything back .
While writing for your site or blog , you have to be as thorough as possible .
Yes , I know this will increase the amount of time it takes to research and write about your topics , but it will greatly increase the odds you ’ll actually help solve your readers ’ problem (s ) .
Let ’s be honest , no two readers are a like , which means no two readers have the exact same problems .
Do n’t get me wrong , depending on your niche , many readers might have very similar problems they ’re looking to solve , but not any two readers will have the exact same issue .
By providing different view points and multiple resources – even if you these view points or resources conflict with what you believe is the “ best ” answer – you ’ll be able to help more people and solve more problems than if you were to just write a quick post explaining your stance on a particular issue .
Try and make each of your posts a one - stop solution shop !
3 ) Give your readers your best stuff for free .
While this might seem like it ’s not a good business practice , nothing could be further from the truth .
( Obviously , I ’m assuming your site is information based , and not actually revolving around a physical product .
If you ’re hawking an actual product , the rules are slightly different ! )
When building up your credibility , it ’s going to be incredibly tough for you to ask for anything from your readers ; you ’re going to have to give time and time again , and expect nothing in return .
This will be tough at first , but resist the urge to try and push people towards affiliate offers , advertising , or your own products .
However , once you ’ve gained credibility with your readers by helping them solve a problem or two , they will naturally gravitate towards the affiliate offers , advertising , and your own products that you have throughout your site .
By virtue of this , your helping your site ’s visitors to succeed , without asking for anything in return , will help you become a success .
I ’d like to leave you with a quote by Maya Angelou that I think sums up this entire post :
“ It may be in fact utterly impossible to be successful without helping another person to become successful .
I do n’t know , but I do n’t think one can become liberated without liberating somebody else . ”
As the Left 4 Dead 2 demo recently illuminated , some survivors in Valve 's zombie - filled world are actually " carriers , " people who can transmit the supposed zombie virus but are immune to the infection itself .
After a full five minutes of research , I have come to the conclusion that Bill , Zoey , Francis and Louis may , in fact , fall under this category .
As much as we all love these four survivors , is it possible that with every step toward safety , they are unknowingly spreading the infection further ?
Though nothing is certain and I fully hope that I am wrong , more evidence points toward the original survivors as infection carriers than I would really like to admit .
By blasting their way through an infected wasteland , have the fearsome four actually made the world worse ?
Hit the jump for our analysis .
The survivors are not , and cannot possibly become , zombies
Though we do n't know for certain whether Left 4 Dead 's zombie virus is airborne or transmitted by physical contact , we do know one thing : certain people , for whatever reason , are immune to it .
The safe rooms writings in the first game make several references to " immunes , " presumably to explain why , even after being bit and beaten and vomited on by the rampaging undead , the four survivors never actually turn into zombies .
In the first saferoom of the Left 4 Dead 2 demo , we see the following message written on the wall :
" Why are they separating everyone "
" Some people are carriers "
" They 're immune but they can spread the infection "
" Who told you that ? "
" That 's BS "
Though it 's probable that not all immunes are carriers , one has to consider that a pretty significant number of the immunes in the L4D universe must be carriers to justify FEMA 's CEDA 's decision to quarantine a percentage of the southern population .
As they are most definitely immune to the virus , could Bill , Zoey , Louis and Francis also be carriers ?
It 'd be impossible to argue either way , unless we had evidence of them interacting with other , non-infected , non-immune human beings .
Oh , wait .
We do .
For whom the ( bloody , rage - infected ) bell tolls
( Image from Left 4 Dead 411 . )
At the end of Death Toll 's third level , the survivors come across a lone ( and presumably unstable ) survivor who has holed up in a church .
Because he is an asshole , he rings the church bell to summon a horde of infected rather than let the survivors into the saferoom .
After dispatching the horde , the survivors open the saferoom to find that -- surprise ! -- the Church Guy has turned into a random special Infected .
The Left 4 Dead wiki has this to say about the Church Guy :
" If you either listen carefully to the church guy , or search through the sound files ; you can hear him talk about how the last person he let in attacked him .
This is the reason he locks you out and is constantly heard muttering " Better Safe than Sorry " .
This also explains why he turns into a Boss Infected and gives possible clues about how the infection spreads . "
And that makes a lot of sense .
But at the same time , one can't help but wonder -- why , in all the hours that passed between the Church Guy getting wounded by a member of the Infected , did he only turn into a member of the Infected just when our survivors happened to show up ?
Within less than five minutes of being in the presence of Zoey and the others , the Church Guy goes from a reasonably healthy ( if batshit nuts ) human being into a Smoker / Hunter / Boomer .
There are three possibilities for the timing of this event :
- It 's a huge coincidence
- Louis , Francis , Zoey and Bill are carriers and either infected him through proximity , or merely hurried along the infection that was already coursing through the Church Guy 's veins
- Shut up it 's just a frigging game why are you over analyzing the plot
My money is on one of the latter two explanations .
" Zoey , just pretend they 're all helicopter pilots "
If the Church Guy incident has n't convinced you that the survivors may be carriers , consider the events that take place between the end of No Mercy and the beginning of Crash Course .
The survivors leave Mercy Hospital on a helicopter ( yay ! ) , but the pilot turns into a zombie midway through the flight ( boo ! ) , so Zoey shoots him and Francis spends the entirety of Crash Course making fun of her for it ( yay ! ) .
But why did he turn into a zombie ?
Before he landed , he was fine ; once he got into an enclosed space with four survivors who may or may not be carriers of the infection , he turned into a zombie .
I mean , yeah , this guy could have been bitten a few days previous and just happened to turn into a zombie five minutes after meeting our heroes , but hell .
Turn into a zombie after spending five minutes around me once , shame on you .
Turn into a zombie after spending five minutes around me twice , shame on me .
So , what does all this mean ?
If the survivors from the first Left 4 Dead are actually carriers of the infection , what does that mean for them ?
Nothing good , I have to assume : based on FEMA 's CEDA 's policy of quarantining carriers until they get pissed and decide to revolt ( as implied by a note written on the loading screen for The Parish ) , the survivors will either infect every person they come in contact with , or they 'll be captured and put in government quarantine .
Or they 'll do something none of us are expecting and somehow they 'll meet up with the L4D2 survivors in the third Left 4 Dead game , and it'll be super awesome and it'll be like The Jetsons Meet the Flintstones except good and you 'll be able to have Francis and Nick be assholes to one each other and oh my god so cool .
Or the government will line them up against a wall and execute them by firing squad .
by Eric Martin
Back in 2006 , a wise man said this :
It 's time to admit that no amount of American lives can resolve the political disagreement that lies at the heart of someone else 's civil war .
And yet , three years and a rather precipitous political ascent later , that same person - now President Barack Obama - is contemplating just how many more troops to add to Afghanistan 's roiling civil war - that would be on top of the 21,000 additional troops already deployed by Obama .
Nader Mousavizadeh ( via ) is right about the nature of the conflict in Afghanistan , and our ability to impose a solution through enduring military occupation :
Two conclusions are inescapable from the fiasco of Afghanistan 's presidential elections and the McChrystal assessment :
There is no electoral solution to Afghan government 's crisis of legitimacy , and there is no military solution to the challenge of the Taliban .
And when observing the current Afghan conflict not from the perspective of America 's post - 9/11 intervention , but from Afghanistan 's own quarter - century of warfare , a third conclusion becomes still more apparent :
What we confront is not , in fact , an insurgency but rather a civil war -- one whose resolution can only be found in a new decentralized Afghan politics based on the enduring , if ugly , realities of power there , and not through another decade of Western military intervention .
If there is one lesson to be drawn from the withdrawal of Hamid Karzai 's main rival from the second round of the elections -- and his own subsequent appointment as president for another term -- it is that the ability of outsiders to influence the existing politics of Afghanistan is now near zero , even when the object of our entreaties is a politician whose very existence has long depended entirely on Western support and funding .
Like a patient rising from a hospital bed after a near - death experience only to rob his doctor blind on the way out the door , Karzai has conclusively demonstrated that his utility to Western interests -- as well as to the Afghan people whom he 's grossly robbed of a chance for representative government -- is over .
As previously discussed on this Site , while much of the US - based discourse on Afghanistan frames the discussion in terms of defending the " Afghan people " and " Afghan nation " from the Taliban , in truth , the Taliban are a multifaceted , multi-ethnic coalition of cobbled together factions that are , by most accounts , almost entirely comprised of Afghans .
In fact , the term " Taliban " has become a euphemism for any and all groups opposed to the Karzai government and NATO forces .
The euphemism has been so liberally applied that the current compilation of opposition fighters commonly referred to as " Taliban " in government and media reports is , in actuality , almost entirely non-Taliban .
Nearly all of the insurgents battling US and NATO troops in Afghanistan are not religiously motivated Taliban and Al Qaeda warriors , but a new generation of tribal fighters vying for control of territory , mineral wealth , and smuggling routes , according to summaries of new US intelligence reports .
Some of the major insurgent groups , including one responsible for a spate of recent American casualties , actually opposed the Taliban ’s harsh Islamic government in Afghanistan during the 1990s , according to the reports , described by US officials under the condition they not be identified .
“ Ninety percent is a tribal , localized insurgency , ’’ said one US intelligence official in Washington who helped draft the assessments .
“ Ten percent are hardcore ideologues fighting for the Taliban . ’’
US commanders and politicians often loosely refer to the enemy as the Taliban or Al Qaeda , giving rise to the image of holy warriors seeking to spread a fundamentalist form of Islam .
But the mostly ethnic Pashtun fighters are often deeply connected by family and social ties to the valleys and mountains where they are fighting , and they see themselves as opposing the United States be cause it is an occupying power , the officials and analysts said .
In other words , the conflict in Afghanistan is a civil war .
The civil war has ethnically tinged roots that reach past to the days preceding the US invasion .
Robert Naiman had an informative piece on the subject which , itself , paraphrased some recent Times articles :
It 's already time to celebrate the best of 2009 , and we start with a look at the top records in the worlds of dubstep , wonky , grime , and funky .
Dubstep ( and overall ) release of the year : Hyperdub : 5 : Five Years of Hyperdub [ Hyperdub ]
Fifteen other essential dubstep / wonky / post - dubstep releases of 2009
Untold : " Stop What You 're Doing [ original and James Blake remix ] " [ Hemlock ]
Darkstar : " Automating " / " Aidy 's Girl is a Computer " [ Hyperdub ]
Joy Orbison : " Hyph Mngo " [ Hotflush ]
SP : MC : " Taiko Dub " [ Tempa ]
Kryptic Minds : One of Us [ Swamp 81 ]
Silkie : " The Horizon " [ Deep Medi ]
D1 : " Just Business " [ forthcoming ; Dub Police ]
Joker : " Digidesign " [ Hyperdub ]
Skream : " Listening to the Records on My Wall " / " Give U Everything " [ forthcoming ; Tempa ]
Zomby : " Float ( Skream remix ) " [ unreleased Werk ]
Instra:mental [ ft. D Bridge ] : " Watching You " [ Nonplus ]
Peverelist " Bluez " ( Punch Drunk )
23 hz & Numaestro : " Zumo ( Sully remix ) " [ 2nd Drop ]
Tectonic Plates Vol. 2 mixed by Pinch [ Tectonic ]
Desto : " Disappearing Reappearing Ink " [ Ramp ]
No summary of the year in dubstep would be complete without the ever - expanding wobble side of the scene , recently hilariously and accurately renamed " brostep . "
In the UK , the wobble sound is now the default dubstep position for many fans , as the scene commands a increasing share of the Friday night / student / super club market .
With the fanbase expanded far beyond any one core , complaints about deviations from South London circa 2005 or an overall loss of direction feel increasingly irrelevant .
Many new dubstep fans neither know nor care about those issues , and complaining about glories past is futile .
So fair play to all the brostep ravers ' aving it :
Elsewhere , the myriad heads of the post - dubstep hydra moves on , often containing those who originally built the dubstep sound .
And the higher profile has benefits : Rap stars from Eve to Jay - Z , Snoop Dogg to Pharrell embraced the sound , which would have seemed unimaginable five years ago when dubstep was confined to a tiny community who hung out in a small dark room in East London .
Fittingly , the creativity seemed to emerge from the edges of the scene as well , leaving only a few key players making dark , bass heavy 140ish beats of any level of quality .
Two long players managed to typify the best of this tempo range , while sounding utterly different : Silkie 's City Limits Vol. 1 and Kryptic Minds ' One of Us. Silkie 's debut album was the best and most high - profile release of the prolific Deep Medi imprint , run by Mala DMZ ( who himself has two big surprises in store for 2010 releases - wise -- no , we ’re not talking about an album . )
Silkie specializes in melodic , rolling dubstep and with many of the Anti-Social camp affiliated to it and City Limits Vol. 1 , it was coherent and focused , developing a collection of themes ( instrumental arrangements , halfstep rhythmic propulsion , melodic color ) while not over - reaching .
The highlights were " The Horizon " , an explosive burst of emotion that combined Joker - like synth touches with euphoric percussion , and " Purple Love " , which , with it 's ascending synths , would n't have been out of place on Hyperdub .
By contrast , the Kryptic Minds LP , released by another DMZ member Loefah , took a different approach to 140 bpm halfstep , stripping it back to dark textures and unsettling urban soundscapes , underpinned by sub bass .
The Kryptic Minds sound seemed perfect for Loefah 's newly formed Swamp 81 label yet in a dubstep context it could n't have been more different from the jump up wobble that surrounded it .
Minimal , monochrome , dark , brooding , it seemed to divide people , not just those who wanted hype wobble but also those enamored with the bright technicolor of Hyperdub , Joker , or Joy Orbison .
Personally the contrast was welcome , reminding fans how daring dubstep can be in a club context when it strips itself back to its skeleton .
Yet if it was a step too far , the Tectonic Plates 2 mix CD by Pinch is strongly recommended .
Equally special in this dark , percussive range is the SP single " Taiko " on Tempa .
In 2009 the darkness in dubstep 's core increasingly felt dated : much of the creativity came from producers moving gradually into the light to be found around the edges of the scene .
No one direction had a monopoly on creativity and this is was to their collective benefit .
DJs like Oneman , Brackles , Bok Bok , Ben UFO , and other Rinse DJs began blending old garage records with new dubs , fresh funky with old grime , house and techno ideas at new tempos .
Brackles and Shortstuff 's Blunted Robots imprint garnered a lot of acclaim , the biggest riddim from which was Mickey Pearce 's jungly " Innami " or Brackles ' euphoric " I Love London remix . "
The revival of 2 - step continued , boosted by Burial 's albums and The Roots of El - B compilation .
Sbtrkt came out of nowhere to unleash a slew of great 2 - step tracks , not least a refix of Goldie 's " Timeless " .
VVV took it deep and spacious .
Sully remixed 23hz & Numaestro's Zumo and the best is yet to come from him .
Skream got in on the act with the infectious forthcoming album cut " Give U Everything " .
Zed Bias revived his Maddlinky moniker with great effect .
Sub FM's Whistla coined the term " future garage " and even started a forum to bring it all under one umbrella .
It feels like just the beginning for his direction .
There were countless other pockets of creativity that spun out of and beyond the dubstep sphere .
D Bridge and Instra:mental took halfstep dubstep ideas and Burial - like textures and re-worked them at drum 'n ' bass tempo , but their cyberballad " Watching You " seemed to laterally connect with the work of Hotflush - signed Mount Kimbie 's " Maybes " and " 50 Mile View " , and Subeena 's single for Planet Mu " Solidify " , in a new space for virtual love songs .
Jungle and rave returned , spearheaded by Skream 's massive " Burning Up " , which complemented the 1993 - jungle - at - 140 bpm experiments of Clue Kid and LD .
Skream also prepared a bomb for 2010 in the form of epic rave anthem " Listening to the Records on My Wall " -- his brother 's old dubplates -- and his anthemic hardcore remix of Zomby 's " Float " .
D1 was n't to be out done : look out for his " The Wire " - sampling " Just Business " which treads the fine line between epic rave and bassy dubstep .
Joy Orbison -- first brought to you by this column , now everywhere -- blew up with his euphoric , Ibiza - esque " Hyph Mngo " .
With people like Kowton and Jam City also using dubstep or grime ideas within a house context , the lines got gloriously blurred .
Eski was a flavor of the year as both Zomby and Untold looked back to Wiley 's peerless grime experiments for inspiration .
Untold 's results were amazing : " Anaconda " and " Stop What You 're Doing " are each exceptional records .
The remix of the latter , by James Blake , also dropped jaws and turned heads .
Desto stepped up to the plate on the impressive Ramp recordings with " Disapearing Reappearing Ink " .
Yet in truth 2009 belonged to one label : Hyperdub .
The wider world has moved past the two Burial albums to embrace Kode9 's vision .
So much has been written about it that casual readers could be forgiven for tuning out , yet the praise is justified .
Hyperdub is in as rich form as Metalheadz in 1995 , Tempa in 2003 , DMZ in 2005 / 6 , or any iconic imprint you wish to name .
The acts , while all individuals , cluster in three loose groupings .
Ikonika , Quarta330 , Darkstar , Zomby , Joker , and 2000 F push what can be done with offkey synths and day - glow mid-range technicolour : " hyper grime " if you will .
LD , Cooly G , Mala 's " Level Nine " , and Kode9's " Black Sun " pursue percussive possibilities , while LV and the Bug 's project King Midas stay truest to the literal meaning of " hyper dub , " investigating dark bass infusions .
They were all brought together on the label 's 5 Years of Hyperdub compilation .
With an uncompromising ethos and stellar quality control , watching Hyperdub is a masterclass in how to inspire and delight .
Next year promises mouth - watering prospects from the label .
Darkstar will soon take to the road as a live act to tour their album , exploding beyond their current fan base .
An Ikonika or Zomby long player is an exciting possibility , as would be one from all the label 's maverick visionaries .
LV are the label 's most underrated act and if Burial finishes off an album , well you know how that will go .
///
Grime single of the year : Tempa T : " Next Hype " [ No Hats No Hoods ]
Nine other essential grime releases of 2009
Rapid [ ft. Ghetts ] : " One Way Road " [ unreleased ]
Durrty Goodz : Ultrasound [ Ultrasound ]
Shola Ama , Wiley , J2 K and Devlin : " Trouble " [ Aim High 4 : The Revolution ]
Ghetts : " Grime Activity " [ Aim High 4 : The Revolution ]
Roll Deep : Street Anthems [ Roll Deep ]
DJ Magic : No Hats No Hood Edition 1 [ No Hats No Hoods ]
Terror Danjah : " Zumpi Hunter ( Swindle Remix ) " [ Planet Mu ]
Trim [ ft .
Wiley ] : " Titans " [ Soul Food Vol . 4 ]
P Money : " Fruits & Veg " [ Avalanche Music ]
It 's been a strange year for grime , critically ignored yet focused and productive .
From a vantage point the scene went three ways : the best MCs stayed inspirational , several of them became commercially successful in the UK , and a few stepped up from part players to A - list scene contenders .
When grime was emerging in 2003 , a great deal of critical expectation was placed on grime becoming a new form of UK pop .
Yet beyond the fascination with Dizzee Rascal 's auteurship , the UK mainstream was n't ready for grime 's inner-city fury and many of the main MCs were n't ready to play the major label game .
The hype around grime faded and the scene got on with doing what it does best : spitting bars on pirate radio , writing mixtapes for UKRecordshop.com , and promoting them on Logan Sama 's flagship show .
Raves and vinyl singles became largely things of the past but from this platform in 2009 grime began to fulfil its pop expectations .
Sure Dizzee 's had number ones , but now so have Chipmunk and Tinchy Stryder .
Lethal Bizzle and Wiley are no stranger to the charts , with his new single " Take That " combining mainstream club friendly dirty house with the lyrical fire grime fans have come to expect of him .
From a grime scene perspective the success provides hope that commercial careers can be forged but ultimately they 're artistically tempered and distant from the scene itself .
In general those MCs who left 2008 as A - list kept their status and quality levels high .
Wiley 's Race Against Time was one of his strongest CDs , Skepta 's Microphone Champion was UKRecordshop.com 's biggest - selling CD , despite lukewarm reviews .
Durrty Goodz and Ghetts could both lay claim to be grime 's greatest MC , yet only put out one CD between them , Goodz ' Ultrasound in January .
Ghetts appeared on Rapid 's epic " One Way Road " , and banger " Do n't Phone Me " , voiced 2 - step ( " Set You Free " ) and funky instrumentals ( " Came in the Game " ) with incredible results , but neither his mixtape nor album emerged , though he did perform possibly the year 's most enduring live set , back to back with Wretch 32 on Logan 's show : download it here .
Mostly in 09 , the A - list MCs released the usual good - but - not - exceptional mix CDs .
Flow Dan's Original Dan , Frisco's Back 2 Da Lab Vol. III , Jammer 's Are U Dumb Vol. 4 , and Trim's Soul Food Vol. 4 all contained great tracks but also many that should have been left in the lab .
Newham Generals dropped their long - awaited debut album Generally Speaking but you can only hope there 's more releases due now this threshold has been crossed .
The producers , long since sick of taking a backseat to the MCs , launched their own instrumental CDs , with Silencer -- who had a massive year -- Nocturnal , Maniac , and Terror Danjah dropping them .
The critical response to the latter , while well deserved , was laughable given the press hype to tracks often more than five years old .
The scene 's best CD releases moved beyond individuals .
Aim High 4 : the Revolution and Roll Deep Street Anthems made late bids for mix CDs of the year .
The former showcased the Movement ( Ghetts , Scorcher , Wretch 32 ) in blistering form , going line for line , rhyme for rhyme .
Ghetts destroyed Danny Weed 's " Activity " rhythm , just reinforcing how talented he despite his limited output .
" Trouble " ft Shola Ama , Wiley , J2 K and Devlin dropped like an r&g mutation of Skream 's " Midnight Request Line " , near perfect in its execution .
And as for Street Anthems , it could possibly the most important CD Roll Deep -- grime 's greatest crew -- ever drop .
If they 'd only cut out their chart attempts , it would have been perfect .
DJ Magic 's No Hats No Hoods : Edition 1 was by far the best snapshot of the scene this year , knee deep in specials and certified gold bangers .
So that only leaves two highlights of 09 remaining : grime 's most improved and most hype MCs .
Most improved is OGs , primarily Little Dee , P Money , and ( now ex - OG ) Dot Rotten , whose mixtapes Once in a Blue , Money Over Everyone , and Something Out of Nothing gave the sense that grime 's top ranks were n't closed and that new , high quality contenders could still break through .
Probably the best track from the three CDs was " Fruits & Veg " , on which P Money combined the concept flow ( rhyme about as many fruit and vegetables as you can ) with grime 's new fascination with vocalling aggressive dubstep wobble tracks .
If you did n't fine the results both furious and surreally funny , you must have been off your yam .
Yet no MC could top Tempa T in 2009 for hype .
While most MCs dropped mixtapes , Tempa T topped the year with one track : " Next Hype " .
Built around a sinuous , Wu - Tang - esque beat , Tempa 's ascending flow detonated all raves , be they dubstep , grime or beyond .
He then starred in a hilarious video with Westwood , MCed at the Acropolis (! ) , MCed in the snow and even took time to outline the finer etiquette points of " some next bibbing " when on the road .
With his mixtape due next year , sadly no longer called " Dun Know the Dun No " , 2010 could be 20 and Tempz .
///
Funky 2009
Funky single of the year : Scratcha DVA : " God Made Me Phunky " [ Fantastic4 ]
Nine other essential funky releases of 2009
Crazy Cousinz [ ft.
Maxwell D ] : " Industry Watching ( Inflation ) "
Cooly G : " Love Dub "
Geeneus [ ft. Ms Dynamite ] : " Get Low " / Sticky [ ft.
Ms. Dynamite ] " Bad Gyal "
Donae'o : " Party Hard "
MJ Cole : " Volcano Riddim "
Grievous Angel : " Ice Rink refix "
Stush and Hard House Banton : " We Nuh Run "
Kode9 : " Black Sun "
Fuzzy Logic [ ft. Egypt ] : " In the Morning "
Of all the London bass - infused hybrids , funky had a spectacular year , at once diversifying and also consolidating its position as a musical force to be reckoned with .
The scene remains creative , diverse , and populated with polar opposites that have been both internally cross pollinating and externally mutating with other scenes .
It leaves funky looking like the natural successor to UK garage , a point that was only reinforced when several of said scene 's heroes , from MJ Cole to Zed Bias , Sticky to Ms. Dynamite began making funky and many of UKG ’s anthems got re-appropriated for 2009 .
One such anthem that was relicked was Zinc 's " 138 Trek " , now " 128 Trek " , yet his trajectory is less the pirate funky scene , more his " crack house " sound of Jack Beats , Sinden , Annie Mac , and company .
The original , traditional UK funky sound , essentially UK and U.S. house adopted by urban Londoners , remains strong .
Offshoots like Circle's " dubbage " sound appeared but with DJs like Supa D the sound continues to flow , acting as a valuable counterweight to the increasingly ruff and rude new hybrids that have emerged .
Those hybrids have been pioneered by the outspoken , undisputed king of UK funky , Marcus NASTY , whose Rinse FM show is a flagship for much that is musically distinct in the funky scene , compared to U.S. or UK house .
Broken or ruff soca beats supported strong vocal anthems from the likes of Princess Nyah , Geeneus [ ft .
Ms Dynamite ] , Ill Blue produced Shystie riddim " Pull It " .
Crazy Cousins complete a slew of great vocal pop remixes but their best track was the original production " Inflation " as featured on Marcus ' show .
The weekly sesssion 's key strength , beyond his force of personality , was the diversity of sounds : alongside said soca riddims were flailing tribal workouts , vocal jams , minimal electro beats and the odd MC tracks .
This diversity is symbolic of the strength of UK funky this year .
A plateau was built where DJs could traverse from rude anthems to Euro tech stompers , vocal divas rubbed shoulders with ruff broken beats .
Cooly G and Roska could explore dark , percussive textures .
DVA could strip back funky to stumbling halfstep for his forthcoming Hyperdub single " Natty " and it could fit in the same set as questionable skank track , Ayia Napa anthem " R U Gonna Bang Doe ? "
MCs proved controversial across the board in funky .
Grime artist grabbed and vocaled instrumentals , not least proto - grime legend Maxwell D but also Ghetts and Doctor .
Grievous Angel recontextualised one of grime 's most shockingly abstract experiments , the Riko vocal of Wiley 's " Ice Rink " , re-imagining it as rude funky anthem .
On the other side the funky club hosts were quick to jump on the bandwagon , starting the skank track trend with hits ( and accompanying videos ) like " Migriane Skank " .
And dancehall MCs were n't going to miss out on the action , with Rinse 's Heatwave specialising in this new UK / JA dialog .
The trick for funky in 2010 will be to keep these diverse elements under one umbrella .
As MC - lead 2 - step became increasingly angry and hence unpalatable for trad.
garage DJs , UKG fragmented .
Funky producers , many of whom DJed through those times , are acutely aware of this , which in part explains the nervousness towards MCs within funky .
While history can repeat itself , the difference in 2009 as to 2001 is that the grime scene exists :
The grime MCs already have somewhere they call home .
Keysound recordings released some records in 2009 which are ineligible for the copy above .
These include Starkey ft Durrty Goodz “ Gutter Music , ” DVA ft Riko , Badness , Killa P and Flowdan “ Bullet A’Go Fly ” , Grievous Angel ’s VIP of “ Soundclash 1 , ” Zomby ’s mix of “ Concrete Streets ft Durrty Goodz ” and Kowton ’s “ Stasis ( g mix ) ” .
Grievous Angel ’s mix of the entire Dusk +
Blackdown album “ Margins Music Redux ” is out soon
A golfer in the US state of South Carolina has lost an arm after being attacked by an alligator .
The man in his 70s was reaching down to pick up his ball from a pond when the three - metre alligator grabbed him .
His friends were able to rescue the man but not before the alligator had ripped his arm off .
The man is recovering in hospital , while the alligator has been destroyed .
Please consider supporting AutoFsck by reading , and possibly signing the petition at the bottom of this page .
AutoFsck is a script which automates periodic disk checking in such a way that it no longer bothers the user at boot every 30 - ish times , and is streamlined in a friendly graphical user interface .
AutoFsck ensures that the automatic disk check will no longer inconvenience you by making your boot times very long .
AutoFsck blueprint in launchpad
How Does it Work ?
It 's really quite simple , every time you shut down , AutoFsck finds information on your disks .
Every linux partition has two important number associated with it , one is the number of times it has been mounted , the other is the number of times it is allowed to before being checked .
AutoFsck looks at these , and if your drives are due for checking it asks if you want to check them .
If you say yes , your drives are checked before your computer shuts down .
If you say no , AutoFsck will ensure that the check will not run next time your computer boots .
You will then be prompted again the next time you shut down .
NOTE - AutoFsck is not dangerous , it does not stop fsck from running if the filesystem in question is flagged as unclean during boot .
Requirements :
At present , AutoFsck works on Ubuntu and derivatives ( for example kubuntu and xubuntu ) .
More specifically , AutoFsck requires you to be using either GDM ( the Gnome Display Manger ) or KDM ( the KDE Display Manager ) to log in .
You can use any window manager or desktop environment ( Gnome , KDE , Openbox , IceWM etc ) so long as you are logging in through GDM or KDM ( for example Xubuntu uses GDM ) .
Download
Click here to go to download AutoFsck - see below for installation instructions .
See the AutoFsck v3.2 documentation at AutoFsck / Doc
You can also download the script as a tar.gz .
This is only intended for people who need to customise AutoFsck , do not download this unless you know what you are doing .
Click here to brows the AutoFsck files and download the script .
Installation
Installing AutoFsck v3.2 is easy - you can install over the top of AutoFsck 2.0 or later :
Download the archive from the link above .
Either select ' open ' from the download dialogue , or save the file and then double click it .
When gdebi ( the graphical .deb install manager ) opens , click the ' install ' button to install the package .
Note that during the install , the terminal window in gdebi may ask whether you want to keep your version , or use the new version of the configuration file autofsckrc , it is recommended that you keep your version .
If you want to remove Autofsck at any time , use synaptic ( System --> Administration --> Synaptic Package Manager ) to remove the package ' autofsck ' .
Troubleshooting :
It seems that after installing AutoFsck , some people are prompted by it on every shutdown .
To fix this , change the frequency of the checks using the configuration menu ( see AutoFsck / Doc for details ) .
Changing the frequency of the checks may not be enough once it starts doing this ( it was n't for me ) .
Jonathon suggested the following workaround , which did the trick :
Get the list of partitions : sudo fdisk -l Reset the mount count on each partition : sudo tune2fs - C 1 / dev/sda1 ( for example )
Note that the latter command wo n't work ( and is n't needed ) on partitions that fsck does n't handle ( e.g. swap or Windows partitions ) .
~ncoghlan
If you have any other problems , please contact me : jmusther@gmail.com
News :
32st April :
AutoFsck v3.2 has been tested on the upcoming 8.04 release of Ubuntu , and seems to work perfectly .
Further public testing and feedback is appreciated .
32st April :
AutoFsck v3.2 has been tested on the upcoming 8.04 release of Ubuntu , and seems to work perfectly .
Further public testing and feedback is appreciated .
Small bugfix regarding logging out and then shutting down later .
3rd December 2007 :
AutoFsck v3.1 has been released .
This version has provides a small bug - fix and some improved functionality :
The prompt on shutdown now has a 2 minute time - out .
If you do n't notice the prompt , your computer will not remain on , but continue to shutdown after 2 minutes .
When setting the frequency of the checks , the previously selected frequency will be displayed .
17th November 2007 :
AutoFsck v3.0 has been released .
This version has quite a number of changes :
Added KDM support .
Added a configuration GUI - see AutoFsck / Doc for full details Audio prompt can be disabled / enabled Check can be done on shutdown or after a quick reboot ( machine is then halted )
The reboot method is default as it is more reliable .
Frequency of checks ( max_mount_count ) can be changed from the GUI A test can be run .
A small ' quick help ' screen .
Changed the prompts to make them easier to read .
Changed the way AutoFsck runs the checks ( through init )
Restructured the code to make things neater .
3rd October 2007 :
AutoFsck v2.5 has been released .
This version improves a couple of things :
The disk checks now occur on shutdown - rebooting is no longer required !
When the prompt appears on shutdown , there is an audio prompt - some people were turning off their monitor and not seeing the prompt .
This page has been updated so see below for further information and downloads .
31st August 2007 :
AutoFsck is now distributed as a .deb , which is very helpful !
Even if you already have Autofsck installed , please download and install the .deb as it will mean that it 's easier to upgrade or remove in the future .
Further Information About AutoFsck
AutoFsck was created by Jonathan Musther ( jmusther@gmail.com ) , it is released under the GNU General Public License , please use it and modify it as you want to .
It was designed specifically for Ubuntu ( and derivatives ) , and has so far been tested on :
Ubuntu 7.04 - The Feisty Fawn
Ubuntu 7.10 - The Gutsy Gibbon
Kubuntu 7.10 - The Gutsy Gibbon
Xubuntu 7.10 - The Gutsy Gibbon
Ubuntu 8.04 - The Hardy Heron
If you know of other systems on which AutoFsck works , Ubuntu or otherwise , please add them here .
AutoFsck is likely to work on any GNU / Linux system which uses GDM or KDM for it 's graphical login .
Inclusion in Ubuntu
From the activity on the forums regarding the annoyance of the forced disk checks , I feel that AutoFsck , or at least something with its functionality should be included in the main Ubuntu Distribution as a dependency of Ubuntu - Desktop ( as it is of dubious use on the server etc ) .
If you ( the users ) agree , please help me promote AutoFsck and get it included in the next release - 8.04 .
See discussion on ubuntu - devel mailing list .
If you have any feedback , suggestions or comments , please post them below or email me ; jmusther@gmail.com
Feedback / Discussion
PLEASE NOTE - I have removed all comments which have been addressed in version 2.0 or 2.5
Technical Details
Coming soon for AutoFsck v3 .
Is every piece of text translatable in PO files ?
( a must for Ubuntu inclusion )
Is there a log kept by fsck or autofsck in case the fsck failed & perhaps why it failed ?
A log is kept by fsck in / var / log / fsck /
That dialogue could use some love :
A title - something like " Scheduled disk check "
More descriptive buttons - " [ Continue Shutdown ] [ Check disks ] "
Unfortunately , this is n't possible with the current implementation , as zenity is used for dialogues .
In Hardy , USplash now lets you skip the disk check , and shows a progress bar when it happens , so AutoFsck should no longer be needed .
-- MuratGunes
While the splash screen change is a definite improvement over the old behaviour , it is still vastly inferior to deferring the fsck execution to shutdown ( you know , when I 've just indicated I 'm not going to be using the computer for a while anyway ) .
If I did n't want to use my computer now I would n't be switching it on .
~ncoghlan
From the launchpad feedback requests : it would be nice if the unattended behaviour at shutdown was configurable ( i.e. how long the timeout should be before deciding the shutdown is unattended , and whether no response means " yes , run fsck " , or " no , do n't run fsck " ) .
For example , on my desktop , I would probably turn off the audio warning , set the timeout to 15 seconds or so , and flag no response as indicating it is OK to proceed with the automatic restart and filesystem check .
~ncoghlan
AutoFsck ( or similar ) Petition
It has been well established that many users are unhappy with the way that fsck interrupts the boot process after a pre-determined number of boots .
Running fsck in this way is a ' just in case ' check ; it 's purpose is to safeguard against filesystem errors which may arise during normal use , not to resolve specific issues which can be predicted ( such as errors when the system is powered down without unmounting the filesystems ) .
In protecting against this fsck does a great job , however the implementation , from a usability point of view , is severely lacking .
Ubuntu strives to be a Linux distribution ' for human beings ' , it aims to be simple for every day users , and powerful for advanced ones .
Ubuntu is run by people in all walks of life on desktops , laptops and servers , and for many of those people , specifically the ones using laptops , waiting for a disk check on boot is simply unacceptable .
This is a ' major usability issue . '
To fix this usability issue , AutoFsck was created .
AutoFsck is n't a perfect implementation , but it does solve the usability issue and even when the implementation lets them down , most users agree that the functionality presented to the user , is in line with what the distribution should be doing by default .
Many users of AutoFsck have contacted me , asking how they can promote it with the specific goal of having it , or something providing its functionality , included in the default Ubuntu ( non-server ) install .
There is a launchpad blueprint , and I have tried to promote this , but so far I have had no success .
So to further the goal of getting something which provides functionality in line with AutoFsck into the Ubuntu distribution , I created this wiki petition .
To sign it , please add your name , email address ( or link ) and any comment to the table below .
If you are uncomfortable supplying your email address , then do n't , or replace it with a link , perhaps to your ubuntuforums profile .
If you 're uncomfortable supplying your real , or full name , just use your first name .
If you are not confident editing a wiki , email your details to me and I will add them for you : jmusther@gmail.com
Top SEO & Digital Marketing Company in India
When it comes to increasing your brand awareness online , we are a SEO & digital marketing company you can trust .
From our inception , we have been providing a wide array of result - oriented digital marketing services to
businesses of all sizes which makes it easier for them to scale online .
We will take care of all your digital needs .
From conceptualizing a stunning marketing campaign that would resonate with your target audience to executing it to perfection , we do it all after gaining a deep understanding of your business and the audience you serve .
We are not a digital marketing agency that saw the light of day yesterday , we have been in this game for more than 10 years now and are renowned worldwide as one of the most reputed digital marketing agency in India .
Our vibrant team of proactive marketers , SEO veterans , PPC specialists , creative designers & writers and able developers are ready to take your digital footprint to the next level .
I was born into a cult — a real , live , Bible - thumpin ’ , child - and - wife - beatin ’ , no - make - up - wearin ’ , no - sugar - eatin ’ , no modern - dancin ’ kind of world .
And I wanted out .
Early in the 1930s , an ad man named Herbert W. Armstrong started a new sect .
Calling himself the modern - day prophet of the living God , Armstrong began preaching doctrine of what he called “ restored truths . ”
They blended certain Jewish traditions , such as eating kosher and attending day - long religious services on Saturday , with far - right Christian beliefs .
He taught that Buddhists and Hindus are of the Devil , in competition only with homosexuals and rock ‘ n ’ rollers on the bumpy ride to Hell .
Originally , Armstrong christened his ministry the Radio Church of God because it began over the airwaves .
People found out about God ’s new truth the way Donna Summer found out about her new love , on the radio .
With the advent of television , Armstrong changed the name to the Worldwide Church of God , and opened his first church in Pasadena , California , followed by a second enclave in Big Sandy , Texas — population 313 — where the blacks lived south of the railroad tracks , the women did n’t work , and everyone spoke in double negatives .
That ’s where I was .
Growing up , it was hard enough to breathe in a small , backward - thinking town in the Lone Star state , but on top of that I had to follow the rules laid down by Armstrong .
If I did anything that went against them , like forget I was born a girl or let it be known I sympathized with the struggle for civil rights , my father would pull out a belt or ball up his freckled fist and beat me bruised .
I was then probably doomed to burn in the Lake of Fire , where , according to Herbert W. , God sends sinners to roast forever and ever .
As a child , I often wondered if this Lake of Fire could be any worse than living in a community where it was common to be without electricity or food .
Armstrong ordered his flock to give him 30 percent of whatever they made , saying that God had told him he deserved this percentage of everyone ’s money , because only he was speaking the truth .
In my mind , I questioned everything Herbert W. Armstrong taught , but I seldom spoke about my misgivings because this would have brought on severe whippings .
I tried to be good and not to desire all the things Armstrong said were evil , like the Beatles or Snickers bars or The Brady Bunch .
I tried not to dream about being a goddess with many arms , or a girl unafraid of waking up because she never knew how many minutes she had before her ears were blasted with screams of filth or blows of hatred from her parents .
I really tried to be the model child and not long for everything Armstrong and his ministers deemed evil .
But no amount of self - control could keep me from dreaming about one forbidden item — lipstick .
I ’m sure that I took my first steps as a baby with an unconscious desire to walk my way to some lip paint and , as a welcome by - product , escape from Armstrong ’s control .
Since none of the women in the cult wore makeup , my delight was out of reach — until one summer day when Mom pulled together a few dollars and took my brother and me to a five - and - dime store called Wackers .
In Wackers , I found heaven .
Everything we did n’t have at home was there : crayons and coloring books , toys , matching plates and glasses , scissors , tape — endless possibilities awaited me .
I slipped away from Mom , who was pushing my baby brother in a hand - me - down stroller , and glided through the aisles like I ’d been zapped into Nirvana .
I tentatively touched everything .
And then I saw the display that would strip me of my innocence .
How was it possible to find so many tubes of lipstick right there in front of me ?
Though I knew I was running straight into the Lake of Fire , I walked over to those tubes and I touched each with a reverence unlike any I ’d ever experienced .
So many colors : girly pink , old - lady beige , Jezebel red .
Urged by powers stronger than myself , I quickly eased out a tube of ruby - delicious delight from its plastic packaging and slithered out of Wackers like that snake who doomed all women into second - class citizenship by offering Eve an apple .
I opened the passenger - side door of our old Ford , which was unlocked , and got inside .
Turning the rear - view mirror to face me , I uncapped the lipstick tube and rolled up its contents .
I slathered and slathered the heathen color onto my virgin lips until I realized that I ’d put on so much that I was going to have a hard time wiping it off .
I quickly rolled the lipstick back down , replaced its top , and crawled into the back seat , where I hid my stolen treasure under the seat .
I did my best to wipe off the Jezebel stain , using my hands and arms as a towel , vigorously rubbing my lips clean — clean , but swollen and flushed with an illicit hue .
I got out of the car , ran back inside Wackers , and found Mom , who immediately screamed at me for having disappeared .
Then she asked why my lips were so swollen and red .
I told her I ’d been biting them .
Amazingly , she bought this and said nothing more about it all the way home — almost .
As the car pulled into the driveway of our home , Mom suddenly braked too hard .
My lipstick flew from out of its hiding spot and landed on the floor , next to the front seat .
Mom let out a surprised shriek .
When she looked down to see what had startled her and saw the Devil - marked tube of poison , she screamed , “ Now I know why your lips are so red !
Did you steal this lipstick from Wackers ? ”
I knew I could n’t talk my way out of it , so I pulled together all the courage I ’d stored up living in a cult in Big Sandy , Texas and owned up to my misdeed .
Mom said , “ You just wait until your father gets home .
You are going to get the life beat out of you . ”
My butt did feel like the Lake of Fire after my father ’s whipping .
But I did n’t care .
I knew I ’d taken my first step into freedom , and while I might not be able to escape until I was 17 , my lips had tasted victory .
I knew that one day , I would be free — free to believe what resonated with me , free from having my body slapped and kicked around , free to buy all the lipstick I wanted .
Sometimes it can be hard to see the messages a movie teaches , especially if they 're unintentional .
The best way to see a movie 's messages , the bad ones in particular , is to be a parent watching the movie with your kids .
Suddenly you find yourself talking to your kids after you leave the theater or after the video finishes playing at home , just to see if they picked up on the bad messages .
Then , if they did , you can try to do some damage control .
Quality does n't generally come into play when it comes to messages :
There are plenty of bad movies whose messages are perfectly benign , and plenty of good movies that have messages you definitely would n't want your kids to take to heart .
It is this latter category with which this list is concerned .
Here then is a countdown of the top 10 bad messages in good ( and at least somewhat geeky ) movies :
10 .
If you 're not born with special abilities , you 're never going to be any good at some things , no matter how hard you try ( from the Harry Potter movies , and , of course , books ) .
In the world of Harry Potter , there are those who are born with magical abilities , and those who are n't .
There 's even a word , " squib , " for people born to wizarding families who can't do magic .
It 's made very clear in the stories that , if you 're unlucky enough to be born without magical talent , you 're never going to amount to anything in that world and might as well not try .
9 . No matter how appallingly bad conditions on Earth get , so long as there is one tiny plant on the planet , it can still be restored to its former beauty and sustainability ( from WALL-E ) .
In WALL-E , Earth is depicted as essentially one big desolate , deteriorated waste dump .
Then WALL - E finds one tiny little green plant , and that is evidently enough to constitute proof that the planet can be reclaimed .
That 's one small plant in the midst of millions of square miles of garbage and lifeless expanse .
It kind of flies in the face of the desired message behind the film to imply that , no matter how badly we screw things up , one dinky little leafy green thing will constitute hope for all of humanity .
8. Technology is fundamentally evil ( from lots of movies , including the The Lord of the Rings trilogy ) .
This message comes pretty much unchanged from the books , but it 's much easier to see it in the movies .
You see the orcs destroying trees , building fires and operating machinery both to produce more orcs and to assist them in combat .
By contrast , the various forces of good rely on intellect , magic , swordsmanship , archery and a fair helping of luck .
Can there be a doubt about the message there ?
Image copyright © CBS Studios , Inc .
7 . Arrogance , brash self - confidence and having had a heroic father are much more indicative of a competent leader than are experience and knowledge ( from the 2009 Star Trek movie ) .
Jim Kirk rises from a cadet with a disciplinary hearing hanging over his head to captain of the Enterprise in a matter of days , maybe even hours .
This is due partly to his making an astonishingly unlikely connection between the report on the Romulan miner ship and what he remembers reading about the encounter when his father died .
But it 's mostly due to Captain Pike 's experience working with Kirk 's father and the fact that Kirk acts like an arrogant jackass that he gets bumped up to First Officer so rapidly .
Never mind the fact there have to be dozens , if not hundreds , of far more experienced officers ( even if they 're not on the Enterprise ) who would be better - suited to the captain 's chair than the alternate Kirk as presented in the film .
So , even if Kirk did manage to become the ship 's captain towards the end of that adventure , how could he hope to keep the job ( other than , of course , that it 's his destiny ) ?
6 . Kissing sleeping women you do n't know will wake them up and lead to them falling in love with you ( from Sleeping Beauty and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ) .
We do n't really need to explain this one further than that , do we ?
I mean , we all know the stories .
Image copyright © The Walt Disney Co .
5 . If you 're a really good person , but in a lousy situation , simply wait around and eventually good things will just happen to you ( from Cinderella ) .
Cinderella ends up living happily ever after , but not because of anything she did .
If the Fairy Godmother ( a deus ex machina if ever there was one ) had n't appeared , it 's a sure thing Cinderella would n't have done anything on her own to get out of the house .
Yes , her stepmother and stepsisters treated her terribly , and one could argue that she deserves a Fairy Godmother .
But — stop me if you 've heard this before — life is n't fair , so why should she get something just because karma says she deserves it ?
4. Unconventional creative play is very , very wrong ( from Toy Story ) .
Sid , the kid next door , is portrayed as basically evil .
The movie makes him out this way because he pulls toys apart and reassembles them in strange ways , and likes to blow things up .
In other words , he 's a geek .
If the toys were n't alive — and Sid can probably be forgiven for not realizing that they were — his behavior would be perhaps a little extreme , but not in any way wrong , especially for a boy his age .
3 . Even tough women who are n't afraid to fight are n't as important as the men they fight alongside ( from the Star Wars movies ) .
- Princess Leia , despite being very comfortable giving orders and shooting at stormtroopers , always hands off the really important jobs to men .
Luke tells her that she 's his sister and Darth Vader is their father , and by the way he 's going off to confront daddy to try to turn him back to being a good guy , and she does n't insist on coming with him or joining him later .
On Hoth , Luke and Han are out scouting on Tauntauns , but she 's back at the base where it 's nice and warm .
And then there 's Padme , who kicks a fair bit of butt , but only until she and Anakin get secretly married , at which point she essentially vanishes except to talk about her pregnancy and her worries about her husband .
As we know , of course , pregnant women are incapable of doing anything except sitting around worrying , right ?
Image © The Walt Disney Co .
2 . It 's OK to completely change your physical appearance and way of life for the person you love , even if he makes no sacrifices at all ( from The Little Mermaid ) .
This movie has the single most appalling ending of any Disney movie ever made , which is a shame because , apart from that , it 's a great film .
I just cannot comprehend how anyone could make a movie in the late 1980s with this message , which is not exactly subtle : Ariel gives up her home , her family , and BEING A MERMAID because she loves Eric so .
And he gives up ... nothing .
Yeah , that marriage is off to a great start .
1 . If you 're not a member of the elite , you 're basically inconsequential , even if you die heroically trying to save your people and your way of life ( from the Star Wars movies ) .
This crops up time and time again in the series , but nowhere is it more clearly demonstrated in the assault on the first Death Star .
We mentioned it a few months ago , but here it is again :
There are somewhere between 20 and 30 one - man fighters in the assault , right ?
And of all of those guys , only Luke , Wedge and some guy in a Y - wing make it back ( and Han and Chewie , of course , but they were n't part of the original team ) .
So that means that in this fight , despite its amazing success , the rebels lost somewhere between 17 and 27 of their very best , bravest pilots .
Yet all they can do is cheer as Luke descends the ladder of his X - wing .
Luke cheers , too , hugs Leia , and is absolutely ecstatic ... until he realizes that R2 - D2 got badly damaged in the fight , at which point he is nearly distraught .
Losing fellow human beings , including a good friend of his , that does n't matter ; possibly losing a cute but replaceable machine , now that 's sad .
And of course then there 's the whole matter of Vader being redeemed because he saved his own son's life , never mind the thousands of people whose deaths he was responsible for .
Any other good ( bad ) ones ?
Please leave a comment .
Thor
I started using the gift God gave me - Stan Walker
I am not really a big fan of Australian Idol but that changed when I saw the journey of this young man named Stan Walker .
Rarely in primetime reality show can we see highlights of a passion for christianity .
Stan Walker proved that his christian beliefs and his honest , real , and powerful life testimony made the difference for him to win the hearts of many Australians .
It is truly amazing to hear Stan Walker sing .
He engages audience with his soulful voice .
He sings from the depths of his heart making every song he sings sounds to be his very own .
His spirit flows in every note .
His performance of this famous hymn Amazing Grace , is perhaps one of his best .
Giving glory to God towards the end of his song is the most gallant and the most precious act he has done on a national television .
Video from Youtube user zacjanes
Idol 's Stan Walker : My childhood was like Once Were Warriors
Each time Australian Idol front - runner Stan Walker walks on stage to sing , the teen can't help but marvel at the latest chapter of his life .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Former US President Bill Clinton has attended the unveiling of a statue of himself in Kosovo 's capital Pristina .
The 3.5 m ( 11 ft ) bronze statue was inaugurated at Bill Clinton Boulevard - to loud cheers of thousands from ethnic Albanians .
Many of them regard Mr Clinton as a hero for launching Nato's air bombing campaign to drive Yugoslavia 's troops out of the Serbian province in 1999 .
For the 18th consecutive year , the United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday voted to condemn the economic blockade that the United States has maintained against socialist Cuba since shortly after the triumph of the Cuban Revolution in January of 1959 .
The United States calls the policy an embargo , but Cuba points out that since it does not merely prevent U.S. persons and enterprises from doing business in Cuba , but strives to punish foreign companies who trade with Cuba also , it amounts to a blockade .
The vote in favor of the resolution to condemn the blockade and ask for its reversal was higher than ever , with 187 votes in favor of the condemnation , 3 votes against ( the United States , Israel and the tiny Pacific Ocean nation of Palau ) , and two abstentions ( The Marshall Islands and Micronesia , also tiny Pacific states which , like Palau , are highly dependent on U.S. aid ) .
This means that every single country that has representation in the UN – there are 192 in all – voted against the United States on this matter .
The “ yes ” vote on the anti-blockade resolution included two new countries compared to last year ’s vote : El Salvador , which elected a left - center government in March , and which had for many years previously been used by the CIA as a base for subversion against Cuba , and , interestingly , the U.S. supported government of Iraq .
Every single one of the U.S. ’s NATO allies voted to condemn the U.S. policy .
In the lead up to the vote , the Cuban delegation had provided General Assembly delegates with a detailed account of the ways in which the blockade had harmed ordinary Cuban people by forcing Cuba to pay higher prices for imported goods and by denying sick Cubans access to medicines and medical devices .
Delegates from a number of other countries took the podium to denounce the U.S. policy .
During the debate , U.S. ambassador to the UN Susan Rice mentioned some actions of the new Obama administration aimed at reducing tension with Cuba , but defended the blockade , or embargo , as a legitimate pressure mechanism to get Cuba to change some of its internal policies .
About the impending vote , she asserted that “ old habits die hard ” .
Responding to comments by Cuban foreign minister Bruno Rodriguez , namely that “ the blockade is an uncultured act of arrogance , ” Rice replied that Rodriguez ’s statement was a throwback to the Cold War .
But by their vote , it is obvious that the General Assembly see the blockade itself as such a throwback .
Rodriguez had also pointed out , as the Cuban government has on a number of occasions , that the Obama administration has a unique opportunity to change this policy .
Because the real power center in the UN is not in the General Assembly but the Security Council where the U.S. and other permanent members have a veto , the value of the vote is largely symbolic .
But it certainly is an indication of the degree to which , not Cuba but the United States is isolated on this issue .
Photo : Governo da Bahia Credit
KARACHI , PAKISTAN — Defying the global downturn in art and perhaps common sense , another gallery opened in Karachi last month , the second in three weeks .
Both are run by women .
More intriguing than the dynamics of the market is the fact that the entire Pakistani art scene is run by women , single women .
Sumbul Khan is a spritely thirtysomething of vaguely Pathan extraction .
She returned to Karachi several years ago after completing a masters in art history in the United States .
After teaching art history and theory , she pitched a program on art in Urdu to Indus TV , the first independent channel in Pakistan .
After the program was aired , the head of Indus TV , the legendary Ghazanfar Ali , asked her if she was interested in setting up a gallery in a cove of vacant rooms within the premises of MTV Pakistan ( owned , in part , by Indus TV ) .
Khan readily agreed .
She named it Poppy Seed .
After knocking down walls , plastering and painting the space , and installing a hardwood floor , Khan contacted seven mostly up - and - coming artists for a show entitled “ Moving Image . ”
The pieces in the show were supposed to “ critique the pervasive influence of the moving image in the lives of uncritical audiences . ”
Although a few pieces seemed maladroit — there was an installation featuring drips labeled with polysyllabic social ills — the theme mostly managed to fuse disparate styles of the seven artists into theoretical coherence .
In any event , the show was well attended and generally well received .
Khan seemed quite pleased afterwards .
Art Chowk , the second gallery that opened in November , is run by a mother - daughter team who are , in ways , refugees from Dubai ’s economic crisis .
When the market there had been white hot , the two began a virtual gallery online , sourcing Pakistani art to the buyers with deep pockets from the Middle East to Hong Kong .
“ They had expensive cars , ” averred Shakira Masood , “ and they wanted expensive art . ”
After the market went south , Masood moved east .
Masood , the mother in the mother - daughter team , is a divorcee and a recognized painter .
She says the infrastructure of the art world was dramatically different when she was starting out .
“ There were no galleries , no magazines .
All of us had second jobs . ”
In the old days , she continued , “ We did it by pure will . ”
When asked why the Pakistani art world is run by women , she replied , “ I do find it strange but then 51 percent of Pakistanis are women .
My landlady is a woman . ”
Buyers and collectors , she noted , are mostly men .
Art Chowk caters to young urban professionals whose sensibilities have been shaped by a different milieu than those of an earlier generation .
Art exhibits are now covered by TV channels , reviewed in magazines , critiqued in journals like Nukta ( which , of course , is edited by a woman ) .
There are dedicated art schools and even an art collective : run by prominent contemporary artists including Adeela Suleman and Naiza Khan , VASL funds workshops , seminars , and residencies .
As a result , a cultural shift has taken place .
There are , for instance , two if not three openings a week in the city .
Karachi’s two major commercial galleries , Canvas and Chowkandi , hold exhibitions like clockwork .
The former is owned and operated by Sameera Raja , a chic , no - nonsense single mother , while the latter is owned and operated by Zohra Hussain , a widow and veritable sari-clad institution .
Both are pioneers ; both have endured .
But perhaps the most innovative gallery in Karachi is a not a commercial venture .
Tucked away in a quiet canton of the city , V.M. is financed by the Rangoonwalla Trust and run by Riffat Alivi , an old - school artist who often employs new - fangled techniques .
Her recent work at Canvas strangely featured smoke on paper .
She certainly thinks about curatorial practice in a novel way .
In a recent show entitled “ Size Does Matter , ” she encouraged four emerging artists who do n’t work with scale to work with scale .
The results were spectacular .
Another show inspired by Lollywood movie billboards traveled to Green Cardamom , a gallery in London .
And in the first week of December , doors opened to the annual , VASL - sponsored Taza Tareen exhibition , featuring the work of five recent art school grads , including three women .
Women , V.M. ’s
Alvi whimsically maintains , are more organized than men .
Although that might be correct , does organizational acumen or “ pure will ” explain why women run the art scene ?
A critic suggests otherwise : the single women who now run things probably found refuge in art at a time when art was not considered a serious venture or vocation .
Those who had persevered , propelled by pure will , serious - mindedness and by brisk business , have become influential figures , arbiters of taste , doyennes .
Musing on the phenomenon , however , Raja of Canvas declaimed , “ Women are prettier , smarter , have better social skills and know how to get things done . ”
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
Now that the Congressional Budget Office has concluded that the health - care bill proposed by Sen .
Max Baucus will shrink the federal deficit over the next ten years , its champions are heralding the legislation as a model of fiscal responsibility .
But the CBO 's comforting analysis relies on a big assumption that 's highly questionable , an assumption that virtually no one on either side of the debate -- politicians , pundits , even economists -- is even challenging .
The assumption is that America 's employers will keep providing coverage for their workers .
But , in fact , the Baucus bill severely undermines the employer rationale for offering insurance .
Economist Michael Tanner of the conservative Cato Institute points out two main reasons .
First , the Baucus bill would substantially increase the costs of coverage , for example by requiring rich benefits packages and coverage for Americans with pre-existing conditions at far less than their actual expense .
At some point , employers will decide that the appeal of offering insurance as a tool for recruiting and retaining employees no longer compensates for its soaring cost .
Second , the bill is based on perverse incentives that no one is even discussing .
The subsidies it offers to citizens are so rich that if companies were to drop their plans , the majority of workers would get the same lavish coverage , and extra cash in their paychecks to boot .
" Those two factors will change the equilibrium , " says Tanner .
" With the government providing huge credits , employers will feel a lot less guilty about dumping their plans . "
In fact , the Baucus bill is practically inviting employers to do just that :
It imposes a fine of just $ 400 per employee on companies that shed their plans .
So what happens if corporate America exits the health - care field ?
The foundation of the Baucus bill would pretty much collapse .
Upper - middle - class earners , who today make $ 65,000 and up , would suffer the equivalent of a huge tax increase .
And the extra revenue the government would collect from those families would n't remotely pay for the millions of relatively low earners who would absorb big subsidies in lieu of the premiums their employers now pay .
The corporate exodus from health care would mean that the Baucus plan , far from reducing the deficit , would actually increase it , perhaps sharply .
To understand how the math works , let 's examine two typical families of three , the average household size in the U.S.
The Smiths earn $ 43,000 a year , around the U.S. median , and the Joneses make $ 80,000 .
As we 'll see , the Smiths far outnumber the Joneses , and the extra taxes the Joneses pay wo n't come close to paying for the lavish tax credits the Baucus bill promises the Smiths .
Here 's how the Smiths fare when employer , Acme Enterprises , drops Bob Smith 's plan .
Say Bob gets insurance worth $ 13,000 , and pays $ 3,000 himself , with Acme covering $ 10,000 .
Since the $ 3,000 is tax deductible , Bob earns $ 40,450 a year after paying his share for a lavish plan .
Call that $ 40,450 the " benchmark . "
When Acme drops its coverage , his pay should rise by $ 10,000 , less the $ 400 penalty , or $ 9,600 .
That 's what Acme needs to pay to stay competitive , even in this weak labor market .
Bob is in a 15 % tax bracket , so he takes home an extra $ 8,160 to pay for insurance .
Here 's what really counts :
Under the Baucus bill , his health - care costs are capped at around $ 6,000 , with the government paying the rest for the coverage Bob will now buy from a private insurer through the exchange envisaged in the Baucus bill .
So Bob gets an effective raise of over $ 2,100 , plus the $ 2,550 he used to pay out of his own pocket .
So he effectively pockets a pay increase of $ 4,700 -- or 12 % -- and keeps his premium plan .
The regime that brought the Smiths good fortune is a disaster for the Jones family .
The main reason is that at $ 80,000 , Mike Jones earns too much at Acme to merit a health - care subsidy .
Indeed ,
Mike gets his $ 9,600 raise , but after paying taxes on it in a higher bracket ( 30 % ) , he does n't have nearly enough left over to buy a $ 13,000 family plan .
In fact , he 's $ 4,200 worse off after paying for coverage .
That 's an effective pay hit of over 5 % .
The big tax on people like the Jones family is only the first of the two problems .
The second is the lacerating effect on spending and the deficit .
The Smiths do pay higher taxes than before , around $ 1,800 more , in fact .
But they 're also getting $ 7,000 in subsidies , so they 're imposing a net cost on the system of over $ 5,000 .
By contrast , the Joneses are paying around $ 2,700 extra in taxes , plus they 're absorbing the $ 400 penalty that Acme pays when it drops their policy .
So the Joneses are contributing around $ 3,000 to to help pay for the Smiths .
Around two - thirds of America 's workers earn less than $ 65,000 a year , and it 's those employees who are getting far more in subsidies than they 're paying in taxes .
So let 's imagine the worst : that all 40 million employees covered by expensive corporate plans ( that 's over 120 million people , including their dependents ) , lose their coverage .
By my calculations , the two - thirds who earn less than $ 65,000 would cost around $ 5,000 per family , for a total of $ 135 billion .
The families earning over that number would contribute around $ 30 billion , and the government would collect another $ 16 billion from the $ 400 fine , bringing the extra revenues to $ 46 billion .
Hence , the extra subsidies , minus the additional tax receipts , would run about $ 90 billion a year .
That would double the figure that the CBO is projecting to around $ 180 billion , a number big enough to totally erase the shrinkage in the deficit .
In fact , it would immensely swell both the spending and the deficit in the years beyond 2019 .
It gets worse .
Middle - class earners will never tolerate a 5 % tax hike .
They , too , will demand big subsidies , and Congress is likely to oblige .
A new middle - class bailout will quickly swamp all the current budget projections .
Even if employers simply accelerate what they 're doing already , in many cases dropping their plans or scaling them back , it 's a recipe for higher taxes and bigger deficits .
The mystery is why the Baucus plan offers corporate America such a tempting , if not irresistible , invitation to get out .
Read Shawn
Tully 's other installment in this series :
How the Baucus bill contradicts Obama 's goals
Copyright 2009 Jess Fink -
No images may be used without the artist 's consent .
PyCon 2009 Wireless Network
By Sean Reifschneider Date October 28 , 2009
Also see my related articles on networking set up for PyCon 2008 2010 , and and 2012
It 's been a long time coming , for a variety of reasons , but I have gotten the statistics collected from the 2009 PyCon back in March and have pretty graphs to show .
I had hoped to write this up shortly after the conference , but it took months for my router boxes to get back to me , and I did n't have local copies of those systems ( with their stats ) available as I did in 2008 .
This year was largely successful with the exception of people with Netbooks .
We did had a surprise with the hotel network infrastructure , but were able to work that out .
The big news is that we had way more 802.11a users than 802.11g , and almost no 802.11 b users .
At one point we ran out of DHCP leases , but that was a minor issue as I had more IPs ready and just had to configure the NAT for them and turn them on in the DHCP configuration .
Lessons Learned
Leave money in the budget to deal with unanticipated issues such as having to light a dozen strands of fiber .
Public IPs was just not worth it .
Netbooks have terrible wireless cards in them .
Terrestrial wireless backhaul is good stuff .
Get wired ports out there for people to use .
Too many access points is almost enough .
The PyCon attendees are a great group of people to provide networking to .
We were running mostly with public IPs given out to attendees , but we were fairly limited in the number of public IPs we could get from them .
Upstream Bandwidth
Read on for more details .
This year we had two locations , one for the main conference and a different one for the sprints .
This is why the two graphs above .
We again used Business Only Broadband for the upstream link , and we had 100 mbps at the main hotel and 50 mbps at the Sprints hotel .
In both cases the bandwidth was very much overkill .
But it 's better than the reverse situation .
Wireless
BoB performed very well , just as expected .
We had absolutely no problems with the upstream .
The equipment last year was n't able to give us statistics about the usage of the wireless , so I have to go back to 2007 for comparison .
This year we had a peak of around 600 wireless users connected .
Note the graphs are incomplete because I did n't have the statistics collection set up right away .
In 2007 we had mostly 802.11g users connected ( 200 out of 340 ) , with about half that many using 802.11a and half again using the dusty old 802.11b .
This year most people by far were using 5.2GHz 802.11a , with less than half more using 802.11g and few people using 802.11 b .
At the sprints it was more even between the a and g users , which I am a little surprised at .
I guess the sprinters are n't the technophiles that I expected ...
My records indicate that we had 24 APs at the main venue .
They were configured as before , with 802.11bg running at the lowest power on channels 1 , 6 , and 11 , 802.11a running at high power but using all channels and channel duplication spread as far apart as possible .
At the sprints I had set up basically one AP per room .
As I had reports of networking problems I went around and added additional APs to cover the problem areas .
By this time we had switches from the main hotel over at the sprints hotel , so I was able to give out wired connections also .
Each room had only one jack , so putting a second AP in place involved putting in a switch and connecting the two APs to it , so some wired ports became available as well .
We ended up with 10 APs deployed for the sprints .
Someone came to me saying they were getting disconnected from the network .
I would add another AP , putting it right next to their laptop .
I would make a joke about hoping that they did n't want to have children .
Their networking problem was solved .
802.11n
Networking problems at the sprints had this workflow :
We did n't use any 802.11n equipment this year , largely because of budget .
The APs we have are great for our needs , being dual radio , having control over output power , and working with my existing software for pulling statistics out of the APs .
And on top of this they 're " cheap " , between $ 100 and $ 200 each .
The Netbook Problem
I may get a couple of 802.11n
APs to try out for 2010 , but mostly I expect that we will be using the same gear as 2009 .
Netbooks just basically did not work at the conference on wireless .
And we just did n't have the gear to do wired ports .
I had both a ThinkPad T61 and a Eee 901 with me .
I tested the network with the Eee , and everything worked fine .
But once significant numbers of users started showing up , my connection would drop around 30 seconds after it got established .
My theory is that the wireless cards that are going into $ 200 to $ 300 computers are just not that good , and they can't cope with the high levels of interference .
As I said , I had a Eee 901 with me and just could not get a reliable connection while I was there .
I tried a number of different settings including locking on to a single AP , adjusting the rate , modifying the RTS , nothing really helped .
Even going into the speakers ready room , which was somewhat isolated from the rest of the wireless , just did n't give a reliable connection ...
Discussing this with others I heard stories of people replacing the network cards in their Netbooks with nice Intel cards and getting much improved wireless , but also getting worse battery life .
In the end I just gave up and decided that next year we'd get some wired ports available .
I do n't think there 's anything we can do about this .
The Venue Problem : Hyatt Regency
So , if you plan to take a netbook to a big conference , you may want to consider going armed with a USB wireless dongle , particularly an 802.11a - capable one .
The Hyatt Regency had been telling us that they would just give us Ethernet handoffs in each of the wiring closets that we needed to make connections in , with those being on a VLAN dedicated to our use .
The reality when we showed up was that they refused to let us use their existing infrastructure , and instead required that we use their " dark fiber " infrastructure for connecting between the closets .
The good news is that I had some experience with doing fiber because of some recent changes to our tummy.com hosting service , so I was able to fairly quickly and inexpensively light the fiber .
It was more challenging than it should have been because their fiber infrastructure was poorly labeled , and their guy that really knew the fiber infrastructure was not available .
One of the ports was wired the reverse of what it should have been , so after spending a pile of time trying to figure out why this link was n't coming up , I had to cut apart our fiber connector so I could swap the two fibers .
These were the SC ends which are designed so that they only work one way .
Impossible to connect reversed , unfortunately this is exactly what I needed to do in this case .
The Venue Problem : Crowne Plaza in Rosemont
The labeling problem also resulted in their staff not being able to find one of the fiber runs we needed , which resulted in their registration system getting knocked off the network , apparently for a significant amount of time .
Worse , this was apparently not the first time this had happened , and even so they had n't corrected the labeling .
On the other hand , the Crowne Plaza went very smoothly .
Their network was exactly as promised , and was labeled correctly .
The only problem we had with bringing that up was fairly weird ...
The run from the uplink to the main patch panel was flaky .
We could connect directly into it at the radio end , but if we connected the cable running to the patch panel we would get link but no traffic .
If I put a different switch in between the cable to the patch panel , and the cable to the radio gear , it started working just fine .
That took a while to figure out .
The Leases Problem
The Crowne Plaza was a joy to work with after the problems we had run into at the Hyatt Regency .
This was the other significant problem , we just ran out of DHCP leases in the public space .
I had already allocated some private IPs , so when this report came in I just had to bring up another interface on the firewalls , add a NAT rule , and modify the DHCP configuration .
I had hoped to bring this up before we ran out of public IPs , but I had just been occupied by other things .
An easy fix , but I was disappointed that I had n't prevented it before it happened .
About Public IPs
The above graph shows the number of leases .
Again , the graph is blank because I did n't get it set up until later in the conference .
We had , mostly at previous sprints , had a few requests for public IPs for demo severs or file shares for groups of developers , etc ...
I figured that plus the elimination of any NAT traversal problems for people running VoIP or other programs might make things go more smoothly .
I do n't recall anyone mentioning that the public IPs were a benefit , nor do I recall more than one or two people at previous PyCons asking for public IPs or saying there were problems with the NATed IPs .
I 'm not sure this was worth the effort , small as it was , because it lead to running out of leases as explained in the above section .
When we 've used private IPs , we 've always had plenty of them available , so leases were just never an issue .
The PoE Problem
It reminds me of a previous year when someone came up to me and suggested that we drop the lease time from , I think I had it set to 24 hours or more , so that IPs would be re-used more quickly and we would n't run out .
" Well , we have 4,000 IPs available and are only using 1,000 of them ... "
Ok , this was n't really a problem ...
But only about half of our APs supported Power Over Ethernet .
I had gotten several switches that would do PoE , because in previous years we had some problems with APs getting disconnected from power , or worse APs getting disconnected from Ethernet but still being connected to power and broadcasting their ESSID .
Going Forward
The down side to this was that I had several reports of APs that had been disconnected from power , because they only had an Ethernet connection .
Part of this was because the LEDs for the AP you could n't really see unless you bent down and " looked it in the eye " .
Despite the reports , we did n't have any APs that were disconnected from power this year .
I think the biggest thing I would do in the future is to get wired ports available for people to use .
I have a line item in the budget for next year to get switches for end user connections .
I 'd love to get some that are managed to the level of reporting the number of active links , but I think we probably want to spend the money on ports rather than management .
But it would be nice to know how many people are using the wired ports .
Maybe I 'll use a different network for the wired ports , and just count based on the number leases we have in that network ...
In Conclusion
The other thing I think I 'll probably adjust for is not using public IPs .
It was an interesting experiment , but ultimately I do n't think it was worth it .
Shameless Plug
Using many small independent APs continues to work well for our needs .
The network this year was well received , though having wired ports for attendees is necessary .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
tummy.com has smart people who can bring a diverse set of knowledge to augment your Linux system administration and managed hosting needs .
See the menu on the upper left of this page for more information about our services .
WASHINGTON — Cellphone text messages : bad 4 grammar , good for savings ?
A new study by a group of economists looking at why people save money found that simply sending out cellphone reminders increased savings balances by 6 % .
The study challenges the idea that people do n't have enough self - control to save .
Instead , the problem may be that they ...
From Virginia
Tech , a surprising study showing some biological benefit of melting glaciers .
Glacier melt adds ancient edibles to marine buffet
Glaciers along the Gulf of Alaska are enriching stream and near shore marine ecosystems from a surprising source – ancient carbon contained in glacial runoff , researchers from four universities and the U.S. Forest Service report in the December 24 , 2009 , issue of the journal Nature * .
In spring 2008 , Eran Hood , associate professor of hydrology with the Environmental Science Program at the University of Alaska Southeast , set out to measure the nutrients that reach the gulf from five glaciated watersheds he can drive to from his Juneau office .
“ We do n’t currently have much information about how runoff from glaciers may be contributing to productivity in downstream marine ecosystems .
This is a particularly critical question given the rate at which glaciers along the Gulf of Alaska are thinning and receding ” said Hood .
Hood then asked former graduate school colleague Durelle Scott , now an assistant professor of biological systems engineering at Virginia Tech , to help analyze the organic matter and nutrient ( nitrogen and phosphorus ) loads being exported from the Juneau - area study watersheds .
“ Because there are few reports of nutrient yields from glacial watersheds , Eran and I decided to compare the result from a non-glacial watershed with those of a watershed partially covered by a glacier and a watershed fully covered by a glacier , ” said Scott .
Hood and Scott ’s initial findings , reported in the September 2008 issue of the journal Nature Geoscience ( http://www.nature.com/ngeo/journal/v1/n9/abs/ngeo280.html), presented something of a mystery .
As might be expected , there is more organic matter from a forested watershed than from a fully or partially glacier - covered watershed .
With soil development , organic matter is transported from the landscape during runoff events .
However , there was still a considerable amount of organic carbon exported from the glaciated landscape .
How can a glacier be a source of the organic carbon ?
His curiosity peeked [ sic ] , in spring 2009 , Hood ’s Ph.D. student , Jason Fellman , collected samples from 11 watersheds along the Gulf of Alaska from Juneau to the Kenai Peninsula .
The samples were analyzed to determine the age , source , and biodegradability of organic matter derived from glacier inputs .
“ We found that the more glacier there is in the watershed , the more carbon is bioavailable .
And the higher the percentage of glacier coverage , the older the organic material is – up to 4,000 years old , ” said Scott .
Hood and Scott hypothesize that forests that lived along the Gulf of Alaska between 2,500 to 7,000 years ago were covered by glaciers , and this organic matter is now coming out .
“ The organic matter in heavily glaciated watersheds is labile , like sugar .
Microorganisms appear to be metabolizing ancient carbon and as the microorganisms die and decompose , biodegradable dissolved organic carbon is being flushed out with the glacier melt , ” said Scott .
IMAGE : Researchers measured the nutrient content of subglacial outflow from the Mendenhall Glacier near Juneau , Alaska , seen here .
Click here for more information .
How much ?
“ Our findings suggest that runoff from glaciers may be a quantitatively important source of bioavailable organic carbon for coastal ecosystems in the Gulf of Alaska and , as a result , future changes in glacier extent may impact the food webs in this region that support some of the most productive fisheries in the United States , ” said Hood .
###
* The article , “ Glaciers as a source of ancient , labile organic matter to the marine environment , ” was authored by Hood ; Fellman , now at the Institute of Arctic Biology at the University of Alaska Fairbanks ; Robert G.M. Spencer and Peter J. Hernes of the Department of Land , Air and Water Resources at the University of California Davis ; Rick Edwards and David D’Amore of the Pacific Northwest Research Station of the U.S.D.A. Forest Service in Juneau , and Scott .
The research is supported by Scott and Hood ’s three - year grant from National Science Foundation to study the impact of Alaska ’s melting glaciers on the transport and fate of nutrients in coastal watersheds in the Gulf of Alaska .
Also as part of the NSF - funded research , this past summer , Scott and his Ph.D. student , Michael Nassry of Hopwood , Pa. , along with biological systems engineering senior Andrew Jeffery of Fairfax , Va. , who was doing a 10 - week undergraduate research study with Hood , conducted the first hydrologic tracer experiment on a supraglacial stream — a stream entirely on top of the glacier .
The helicopter company Northstar provided complimentary transportation to the base camp on the Mendenhall Glacier , where the team injected a salt , reactive nitrogen , and phosphorus over a 150 meter range , then collected water samples over a five - hour period .
“ At the end of the experiment , the helicopters were no longer flying , which provided the opportunity to sleep on top of the glacier , ” said Scott .
Samples from this experiment are still being analyzed , and initial findings will be presented at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union December 14 - 18 in San Francisco .
Learn more about Eran Hood ’s research at http://www.uas.alaska.edu/dir/ewhood.html
Learn more about Durelle Scott ’s research at https://filebox.vt.edu/users/dscott/web/
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Crowdsourced document analysis and MP expenses
As you may have heard , the UK government released a fresh batch of MP expenses documents a week ago on Thursday .
I spent that week working with a small team at Guardian HQ to prepare for the release .
Here ’s what we built :
http://mps-expenses2.guardian.co.uk/
It ’s a crowdsourcing application that asks the public to help us dig through and categorise the enormous stack of documents — around 30,000 pages of claim forms , scanned receipts and hand - written letters , all scanned and published as PDFs .
This is the second time we ’ve tried this — the first was back in June , and can be seen at mps-expenses.guardian.co.uk .
Last week ’s attempt was an opportunity to apply the lessons we learnt the first time round .
Writing crowdsourcing applications in a newspaper environment is a fascinating challenge .
Projects have very little notice — I heard about the new document release the Thursday before giving less than a week to put everything together .
In addition to the fast turnaround for the application itself , the 48 hours following the release are crucial .
The news cycle moves fast , so if the application launches but we do n’t manage to get useful data out of it quickly the story will move on before we can impact it .
ScaleCamp on the Friday meant that development work did n’t properly kick off until Monday morning .
The bulk of the work was performed by two server - side developers , one client - side developer , one designer and one QA on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday .
The Guardian operations team deftly handled our EC2 configuration and deployment , and we had some extra help on the day from other members of the technology department .
After launch we also had a number of journalists helping highlight discoveries and dig through submissions .
The system was written using Django , MySQL ( InnoDB ) , Redis and memcached .
Asking the right question
The biggest mistake we made the first time round was that we asked the wrong question .
We tried to get our audience to categorise documents as either “ claims ” or “ receipts ” and to rank them as “ not interesting ” , “ a bit interesting ” , “ interesting but already known ” and “ someone should investigate this ” .
We also asked users to optionally enter any numbers they saw on the page as categorised “ line items ” , with the intention of adding these up later .
The line items , with hindsight , were a mistake .
400,000 documents makes for a huge amount of data entry and for the figures to be useful we would need to confirm their accuracy .
This would mean yet more rounds of crowdsourcing , and the job was so large that the chance of getting even one person to enter line items for each page rapidly diminished as the news story grew less prominent .
The categorisations worked reasonably well but were n’t particularly interesting — knowing if a document is a claim or receipt is useful only if you ’re going to collect line items .
The “ investigate this ” button worked very well though .
We completely changed our approach for the new system .
We dropped the line item task and instead asked our users to categories each page by applying one or more tags , from a small set that our editors could control .
This gave us a lot more flexibility — we changed the tags shortly before launch based on the characteristics of the documents — and had the potential to be a lot more fun as well .
I ’m particularly fond of the “ hand - written ” tag , which has highlighted some lovely examples of correspondence between MPs and the expenses office .
Sticking to an editorially assigned set of tags provided a powerful tool for directing people ’s investigations , and also ensured our users did n’t start creating potentially libellous tags of their own .
Breaking it up in to assignments
For the first project , everyone worked together on the same task to review all of the documents .
This worked fine while the document set was small , but once we had loaded in 400,000 + pages the progress bar become quite depressing .
This time round , we added a new concept of " assignments " .
Each assignment consisted of the set of pages belonging to a specified list of MPs , documents or political parties .
Assignments had a threshold , so we could specify that a page must be reviewed by at least X people before it was considered reviewed .
An editorial tool let us feature one " main " assignment and several alternative assignments right on the homepage .
Clicking “ start reviewing ” on an assignment sets a cookie for that assignment , and adds the assignment ’s progress bar to the top of the review interface .
New pages are selected at random from the set of unreviewed pages in that assignment .
The assignments system proved extremely effective .
We could use it to direct people to the highest value documents ( our top hit list of interesting MPs , or members of the shadow cabinet ) while still allowing people with specific interests to pick an alternative task .
Get the button right !
Having run two crowdsourcing projects I can tell you this : the single most important piece of code you will write is the code that gives someone something new to review .
Both of our projects had big “ start reviewing ” buttons .
Both were broken in different ways .
The first time round , the mistakes were around scalability .
I used a SQL “ ORDER BY RAND ( ) ” statement to return the next page to review .
I knew this was an inefficient operation , but I assumed that it would n’t matter since the button would only be clicked occasionally .
Something like 90 % of our database load turned out to be caused by that one SQL statement , and it only got worse as we loaded more pages in to the system .
This caused multiple site slow downs and crashes until we threw together a cron job that pushed 1,000 unreviewed page IDs in to memcached and made the button pick one of those at random .
This solved the performance problem , but meant that our user activity was n’t nearly as well targeted .
For optimum efficiency you really want everyone to be looking at a different page — and a random distribution is almost certainly the easiest way to achieve that .
The second time round I turned to my new favourite in - memory data structure server , redis , and its SRANDMEMBER command ( a feature I requested a while ago with this exact kind of project in mind ) .
The system maintains a redis set of all IDs that needed to be reviewed for an assignment to be complete , and a separate set of IDs of all pages had been reviewed .
It then uses redis set intersection ( the SDIFFSTORE command ) to create a set of unreviewed pages for the current assignment and then SRANDMEMBER to pick one of those pages .
This is where the bug crept in .
Redis was just being used as an optimisation — the single point of truth for whether a page had been reviewed or not stayed as MySQL .
I wrote a couple of Django management commands to repopulate the denormalised Redis sets should we need to manually modify the database .
Unfortunately I missed some — the sets that tracked what pages were available in each document .
The assignment generation code used an intersection of these sets to create the overall set of documents for that assignment .
When we deleted some pages that had accidentally been imported twice I failed to update those sets .
This meant the “ next page ” button would occasionally turn up a page that did n’t exist .
I had some very poorly considered fallback logic for that — if the random page did n’t exist , the system would return the first page in that assignment instead .
Unfortunately , this meant that when the assignment was down to the last four non-existent pages every single user was directed to the same page — which subsequently attracted well over a thousand individual reviews .
Next time , I ’m going to try and make the “ next ” button completely bullet proof !
I ’m also going to maintain a “ denormalisation dictionary ” documenting every denormalisation in the system in detail — such a thing would have saved me several hours of confused debugging .
Exposing the results
The biggest mistake I made last time was not getting the data back out again fast enough for our reporters to effectively use it .
It took 24 hours from the launch of the application to the moment the first reporting feature was added — mainly because we spent much of the intervening time figuring out the scaling issues .
This time we handled this a lot better .
We provided private pages exposing all recent activity on the site .
We also provided public pages for each of the tags , as well as combination pages for party + tag , MP + tag , document + tag , assignment + tag and user + tag .
Most of these pages were ordered by most - tagged , with the hope that the most interesting pages would quickly bubble to the top .
This worked pretty well , but we made one key mistake .
The way we were ordering pages meant that it was almost impossible to paginate through them and be sure that you had seen everything under a specific tag .
If you ’re trying to keep track of everything going on in the site , reliable pagination is essential .
The only way to get reliable pagination on a fast moving site is to order by the date something was first added to a set in ascending order .
That way you can work through all of the pages , wait a bit , hit “ refresh ” and be able to continue paginating where you left off .
Any other order results in the content of each page changing as new content comes in .
We eventually added an undocumented / in - order / URL prefix to address this issue .
Next time I ’ll pay a lot more attention to getting the pagination options right from the start .
Rewarding our contributors
The reviewing experience the first time round was actually quite lonely .
We deliberately avoided showing people how others had marked each page because we did n’t want to bias the results .
Unfortunately this meant the site felt like a bit of a ghost town , even when hundreds of other people were actively reviewing things at the same time .
For the new version , we tried to provide a much better feeling of activity around the site .
We added “ top reviewer ” tables to every assignment , MP and political party as well as a “ most active reviewers in the past 48 hours ” table on the homepage ( this feature was added to the first project several days too late ) .
User profile pages got a lot more attention , with more of a feel that users were collecting their favourite pages in to tag buckets within their profile .
Most importantly , we added a concept of discoveries — editorially highlighted pages that were shown on the homepage and credited to the user that had first highlighted them .
These discoveries also added valuable editorial interest to the site , showing up on the homepage and also the index pages for political parties and individual MPs .
Light - weight registration
For both projects , we implemented an extremely light - weight form of registration .
Users can start reviewing pages without going through any signup mechanism , and instead are assigned a cookie and an anon -454 style username the first time they review a document .
They are then encouraged to assign themselves a proper username and password so they can log in later and take credit for their discoveries .
It ’s difficult to tell how effective this approach really is .
I have a strong hunch that it dramatically increases the number of people who review at least one document , but without a formal A / B test it ’s hard to tell how true that is .
The UI for this process in the first project was quite confusing — we gave it a solid makeover the second time round , which seems to have resulted in a higher number of conversions .
Overall lessons
News - based crowdsourcing projects of this nature are both challenging and an enormous amount of fun .
For the best chances of success , be sure to ask the right question , ensure user contributions are rewarded , expose as much data as possible and make the “ next thing to review ” behaviour rock solid .
I ’m looking forward to the next opportunity to apply these lessons , although at this point I really hope it involves something other than MPs ’ expenses .
Welcome to the BrainHex questionnaire !
Find out your BrainHex class by answering the following videogame - related questions , and help International Hobo study the reasons why players enjoy different gaming experiences in this new survey and player satisfaction model .
( Although this survey is mostly interested in videogame players , even if you do n't play many videogames we are still interested in your results ! )
There are 4 pages of questions about your videogame preferences .
When you have finished , we will tell you your BrainHex class .
You can then go to BrainHex.com to read about your class and tell us why we 're right or wrong about you .
Click here to begin .
There ’s gold in them thair bailouts !
Hey , remember last year when there was a lot of populist hostility to the whole bailout idea because it was going to cost the taxpayers a truckload ?
It ’s funny how things turn out :
The Treasury Department expects to recover all but $ 42 billion of the $ 370 billion it has lent to ailing companies since the financial crisis began last year , with the portion lent to banks actually showing a slight profit , according to a new Treasury report .
The new assessment of the $ 700 billion bailout program , provided by two Treasury officials on Sunday ahead of a report to Congress on Monday , is vastly improved from the Obama administration ’s estimates last summer of $ 341 billion in potential losses from the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
That figure anticipated more financial troubles requiring intervention … .
[ T ]he new estimates would lower the administration ’s deficit forecast for this fiscal year , which began in October , to about $ 1.3 trillion , from $ 1.5 trillion .
If you dig through the numbers , the bulk of the losses come from two sources — the bailouts of GM and Chrysler , and the bailout of AIG .
This leads to another very interesting irony .
The biggest beneficiary of these bailouts is the American public , since the financial system did not melt down and the futures market for duct tape and shotguns never materialized .
Another big beneficiary , however , are sovereign wealth funds :
In less than two years , many of the biggest overseas government investment funds , known as sovereign wealth funds , have reaped huge gains from bailing out financial institutions , and in turn , the global financial system .
In the latest announcement , Kuwait ’s sovereign wealth fund said on Sunday that it had booked a $ 1.1 billion profit on the stake it took in Citigroup in January 2008 .
That equals a 37 percent annualized return on its initial $ 3 billion investment .
Other sovereign wealth funds — including those backed by the governments of Singapore , Qatar and Abu Dhabi — have also recently cashed out stakes in foreign banks for comparably large gains .
The hefty returns highlight how some savvy government funds have been able to profit from the financial crisis , even as most ordinary investors have been pummeled by billions of dollars of losses .
It also calls into question whether such funds will act as long - term investors , as many initially suggested , or merely short - term profiteers .
I ’m not sure how " savvy " these funds actually were — I do n’t think that they were banking on a crisis followed by a rapid recovery in the financial sector .
Still , these funds did n’t panic during the meltdown , so I guess that ’s a small point for " patient capital . "
That said , I ’m wrestling with the lessons to draw from all of this .
It does suggest that with great risk comes great opportunity .
By late 2007 it was governments rather than private capital markets that were willing to take the risk .
I ’ll leave it to the commenters to draw additional lessons .
WASHINGTON — Television viewers jarred by abrupt spikes in volume during commercial breaks may someday be able to give their mute buttons a rest .
" I not only dive for the mute button , but I end up having to close my windows so that the blast does n't affect by neighbors , " says Congresswoman Anna Eshoo .
" I live on a cul - de - sac , and so the sound resonates . "
Irritated with loud commercials , the California Democrat found it was also a common complaint with the Federal Communications Commission .
So she drafted a bill aimed at preventing TV ads from playing noticeably louder than the programs they sponsor .
The House is scheduled to vote Tuesday on the bill .
An identical measure has been introduced in the Senate by Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island .
Even if they become law , will viewers notice much difference ?
Maybe , maybe not , some experts say .
Eshoo 's bill originally prescribed that television advertisements could be no louder than the average maximum loudness of the programs they accompany .
She changed her bill to instead adopt guidelines developed by the TV industry , which she said will accomplish the same goal .
" I did n't go with the industry , " she said .
" I prodded the industry to come up with the technology and the standards .
And they did . "
Robert Thompson , a professor of television and popular culture at Syracuse University , says Congress should have higher priorities than strident commercials .
" The idea that this is a problem that is so big that it requires legislative action is incredibly absurd , " he said .
" I do n't think anyone 's ears have ever been damaged by this . "
Right now , the government does n't have much say in the volume of TV ads .
It 's been getting complaints ever since televisions began proliferating in the 1950s .
But the FCC concluded in 1984 there was no fair way to write regulations controlling the " apparent loudness " of commercials .
Correcting sound levels is more complicated than using the remote control .
The television shows and ads come from a variety of sources , from local businesses to syndicators .
Managing the transition between programs and ads without spoiling the artistic intent of the producers poses technical challenges and may require TV broadcasters to purchase new equipment .
To address the issue , an industry organization recently produced guidelines on how to process , measure and transmit audio in a uniform way .
Eshoo 's bill requires the FCC to adopt those recommendations as regulations within a year and begin enforcing them a year later .
Mark Richer , who heads the industry 's Advanced Television Systems Committee , said some companies have started to make changes .
" People are already hearing a difference -- or not hearing a difference -- is a better way to put it , " he said .
Richer 's group does n't have a position on the bill , but he said he hopes the government does n't do something that complicates the industry 's own attempt to smooth out the volume .
Consumers Union and the American Association of Advertising Agencies support the legislation .
The National Association of Broadcasters declined to comment on it .
Even once the adjustments are in place , listeners may still notice different volume levels , Richer said .
Sound spikes can be part of the storytelling -- the screeching sounds of a car , for example -- and some commercials may just seem noisy because they follow a quiet , intense scene .
" That 's life , " Richer said .
" That 's what sound is . "
------
The House bill is H.R.1084 .
The Senate bill is S.2847 .
------
On the Net :
© Copyright 2009 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
For nearly two years , Daniel Reetz dreamed of a book scanner that could crunch textbooks and spit out digital files he could then read on his PC .
Book scanners , like the ones Google is using in its Google Books project , run into thousands of dollars , putting them out of the reach of a graduate student like Reetz .
But in January , when textbook prices for the semester were listed , Reetz decided he would make a book scanner that would cost a fraction of commercially available products .
So over three days , and for about $ 300 , he lashed together two lights , two Canon Powershot A590 cameras , a few pieces of acrylic and some chunks of wood to create a book scanner that 's fast enough to scan a 400 - page book in about 20 minutes .
To use it , he simply loads in a book and presses a button , then turns the page and presses the button again .
Each press of the button captures two pages , and when he 's done , software on Reetz 's computer converts the book into a PDF file .
The Reetz DIY book scanner is n't automated –you still need to stand by it to turn the pages .
But it 's fast and inexpensive .
" The hardware is ridiculously simple as long as you are not demanding archival quality , " he says .
" A dumpster full of building materials , really cheap cameras and outrageous textbook prices was all I needed to do it . "
Reetz went on to upload a 79 - step how - to guide for building a book scanner ( .pdf ) .
The guide has sparked more than 400 comments .
It has also spawned a website , DIYbookscanner.org , where more than 50 independent book scanners spread across countries such as Indonesia , Russia and Britain have contributed hardware refinements and software programs .
Now wearing a large black coat and a carrying a duffel bag that 's stuffed with a scanner made from laser - cut plywood , Reetz goes to conferences to show how anyone can create a machine to scan all the books they own .
As consumers turn to e-readers – about 3 million are expected to be sold by the end of the year – they are also looking for ways to bring their old textbooks and paperbacks into the digital world .
And a small group is discovering that the best way to do that is to create a scanner yourself .
The scanner is also helping digitize out - of - print books and help people with disabilities get features like text - to - speech that publishers wo n't offer or are downright opposed to .
A DIY book scanner also raises questions of piracy and copyright .
The basic question being :
Do you really own a book in all its forms when you buy a book ?
At the same time , ironically , the DIY book scanner is helping new create new tools to make copyright information more accessible .
Tulane University is building a scanner based on Reetz 's design that would let it digitize its collection of copyright documents .
That is expected to help the university develop a web - based service called ' Durationator ' that would allow anyone to search copyright information about any particular book , to see if it is currently in the public domain or not .
" It 's amazing that a DIY book scanner is helping create the very tool that will offer copyright information , " says Reetz .
" It makes me very proud . "
Scanners are commonplace – just walk into a Target , and you can find a scanner - printer combo for $ 100 – but those machines are designed to digitize photos and documents .
A flatbed scanner can take between 15 and 30 seconds to capture a single page , so a 400 - page book could take about an hour - and - a - half to three hours of work .
Not to mention that the design of the scanners means that you have to open the book binding wide and press it flat , which can damage the book .
Instead , book scanners are designed to hold the book open at a 90 - degree angle .
A cradle holds the book face up so that it is gentle on the binding .
This kind of scanner is also faster , because it can capture images of two pages simultaneously , using a camera instead of a scanning element .
But commercial book scanners that are completely automated cost anywhere from $ 5,000 to $ 50,000 .
The $ 50,000 Kirtas book scanner , for instance , can capture 3,000 pages an hour .
Reetz 's scanner cuts that cost to a bare minimum :
All you need are two basic digital cameras and some readily available construction materials .
All the software and post - processing programs are open source and available for free .
But creating the system required a few hacks and a dash of ingenuity .
Inexpensive digital cameras are ideal , but they have limitations .
For starters , you need to hold down a button to click a picture .
And the two cameras in a book scanner need to be synchronized .
Reetz found a program called Stereodatamaker for Canon cameras that could synchronize multiple cameras and flash .
All users have to do it is download it to a SD card and insert it into their camera .
" The cameras are running hacked firmware and it works pretty well , " he says .
" Then we take it to a whole new level for processing the images . "
That would be with some help from Scan Tailor , an open source application written by 29 - year old Russian programmer Joseph Artsimovich .
Scan Tailor can take the raw , scanned images of the book and split the pages , add or remove borders and process all of the images into a single file .
" You absolutely need post - processing software for digitizing books , " says Artsimovich .
" If you try
to digitize a book without such software , chances are you will give up because it 's just too much work . "
From there , a program called Page Builder – written by a friend of Reetz – can take the images and process them into a PDF file .
Reetz says the DIY book - scanning forum is n't about distributing pirated content , but he can see the temptation .
" My project was founded in angry desperation , " he says .
" It was a watershed moment when I realized getting an 8 - megapixel Canon camera was cheaper than buying a bunch of textbooks . "
But is it legal ?
— — —— —-
So are Reetz and the builders of the DIY scanner pirates ?
That would depend on who you talk to , says Pamela Samuelson , a professor at University of California at Berkeley , who specializes in digital - copyright law .
Trade publishers are almost certain to cry copyright infringement , she says , though it may not necessarily be the case .
Google was recently forced to pay $ 125 million to settle with angry book publishers and authors who claimed copyright infringement as a result of the search giant 's book - scanning project .
But not so individual users who already own the book , says Samuelson .
If you scan a book that you have already purchased , it is " fine , and fair use , " she says .
" Personal - use copying should be deemed to be fair , unless there is a demonstrable showing of harm to the market for the copyright at work , " says Samuelson .
For publishers , though , the growth of the DIY scanning community could hurt .
Publishers today sell digital versions to customers who already own hardcover or paperback versions of the same book .
" You cannot look at this idea from the perspective of whether the publisher can make extra money , " says Samuelson .
" Publishers would love it if you can't resell books either , but that 's not going to happen . "
Instead , communities such as these are likely to force publishers to offer more value to customers , she says .
" There have to be things that you get with an e-book that you do n't get by making your own copies , " says Samuelson .
" It 's not such as stark challenge for copyright owners , because not many people are going to take the trouble to make their own scanner system .
Most of us want the convenience of buying digital books for the Kindle , Nook or Sony Reader . "
And unless , it becomes a hotbed of pirated content , the DIY scanner is unlikely to have a Napster - like end , says Samuelson .
Check out the video below of Daniel Reetz talking about why DIY scanner is fun .
The DIY book scanner looks like this , from different angles .
Top Photo : DIY book scanner / Daniel Reetz
Second photo : Daniel Reetz shows his DIY book scanner .
( sloanro / Flickr )
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. played a bigger role than has been publicly disclosed in fueling the mortgage bets that nearly felled American International Group Inc .
Goldman was one of 16 banks paid off when the U.S. government last year spent billions closing out soured trades that AIG made with the financial firms .
A Wall Street Journal analysis ...
It was two weeks into Israel ’s Gaza war last January when Orel was hit .
After days in a shelter his mother took him out in the car .
As they drove around Beersheba , a siren blared , warning of an incoming rocket .
She pushed Orel to the ground , lying protectively on him .
When she heard the explosion in the distance , she rose in relief .
A second rocket exploded and she saw her son ’s head bleeding profusely .
A surgical nurse , she flagged down a passing motorist who drove them to the hospital where she works .
Image Marya , a Palestinian , and Orel , an Israeli , are 8 - year - old neighbors at Jerusalem ’s Alyn Hospital .
Credit ... Rina Castelnuovo for The New York Times
“ I saw his brain coming out , everything around me was burning , and I was not even scratched , ” she recalled .
“ When I got to the emergency room , I said to the doctor : ‘ You ca n’t kid me .
I know he has no chance of survival . ’
The doctor looked away .
But after six operations , he is actually making some progress .
God took my son from me , but he has given me another one .
A year ago , he was the best in his class in sports , the best in math .
Now he is learning to walk and talk . ”
Her husband , Avrel , who works with children , spends much of the week at home with their 18 - month - old daughter but comes often .
The couple , originally from Azerbaijan , had been childless for years , and Orel ’s birth , coaxed along by infertility treatments in Israel , seemed a miracle .
Their hospital neighbor , Mr. Aman , is a 32 - year - old construction worker from Gaza who not only cares for his own two children but helps with Orel .
He is regarded as a luminescent presence , an inspiration to staff , volunteers and fellow parents .
This is partly because the pain in his own story is hard to fathom .
More than three years ago , Mr. Aman and his uncle had split the cost of a car and , having paid for it two hours earlier , took it on the road .
With them were Mr. Aman ’s wife , their three children and his mother .
John Oliver , ' British correspondent ' of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , to host six - part Comedy Central standup series
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart 's British comedian , John Oliver , has landed his own show on US cable channel Comedy Central .
Oliver , who is " British correspondent " on Comedy Central 's satirical news show , will host a six - part standup series , John Oliver 's New York Stand - Up Show , to be produced by the UK independent production company , Avalon .
The series , which will begin on 8 January next year , will feature some of Oliver 's favourite comedians including Kristen Schaal , who played Mel in the Flight of the Conchords .
Elizabeth Porter , Comedy Central 's senior vice president , specials and talent , said Oliver was a " staple on the Daily Show and an exceptional stand - up comic " .
Oliver , who joined the Daily Show in 2006 , appeared in his first Comedy Central stand - up special , John Oliver : Terrifying Times , last year .
His new series will be executive produced by Oliver and Avalon Television 's Richard Allen - Turner , David Martin , James Taylor and Jon Thoday .
Oliver said : " It 's the most worthwhile way you could spend an hour each week that does n't involve getting Mount Rushmore gradually tattooed across your stomach . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Looks like George Will is at it again .
This time carrying some water for James Inhofe on the hacked emails from the University of East Anglia .
Paul Krugman reminds
Will that there was no " smoking gun " in those emails and also asks
Will why he hates the free market so much with his opposition to cap and trade .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
And meanwhile , he is also going to be dealing with health care , right now on the floor of the Senate .
He announced this week to Copenhagen to deal with climate change .
And it comes at a time when the politics seem to be changing a little bit in this .
Let me show our latest ABC News / Washington Post poll .
It shows whether people believe global warming is occurring .
That number is going down .
July 2008 , 80 percent of the public ; down to 72 percent now .
And there 's been a sort of a real partisanship .
Look at Republicans , 74 percent believed global warming was occurring back in 2008 .
Now , a 20 - point drop to 54 percent .
George , there has been a partinizing of this issue , and let me turn to one more complication we 've had over the last week .
This Climate Research Institute at East Anglia University , someone hacked into their e-mail account and showed a bunch of emails between scientists , which opponents of climate change legislation said proves that they are rigging the science and trying to hide information that runs counter to their theories .
WILL : It raises the question of -- we 're being asked to wage trillions of dollars and substantially curtail freedom on climate models that are imperfect and unproven .
And the consensus far from being as solid as they say it is , and the debate as over as they say it is .
The e-mails indicate people are very nervous about suppressing criticism , gaming the peer review process for scholarly works and all the rest .
One of the e-mails said it is a travesty , his word , it is a travesty that we cannot explain the fact that global warming has stopped .
Well , they should n't be embarrassed about that .
It 's a complicated business , and that 's why we should n't be ( inaudible ) .
KRUGMAN : All those e-mails -- people have never seen what academic discussion looks like .
There 's not a single smoking gun in there .
There 's nothing in there .
And the travesty is that people are not able to explain why the fact that 1988 was a very warm year does n't actually mean that global warming has stopped .
I mean , that 's loose wording .
Right ?
Everything is about -- we 're really in the same situation as if there was one extremely warm day in April .
And then people are saying , well , you see , May is cooler than April , there 's no trend here .
And that 's what -- the travesty is how hard it has been to explain ...
WILL : One of the emails , Paul , said he wished he could delete , get rid of the medieval warming period .
That lasted 600 years ...
KRUGMAN : It 's not -- read -- this has all been explained .
What he meant is they want to put a start on it .
We have an end to it , we do n't have a start on it .
There 's a lot of loose use of language when you 're just talking among each other .
And what the deleting really meant , the deleting would be meant that , you know , we do n't know when this thing started , because we do n't have very good data back then .
There were n't any weather stations .
And that 's what the context was .
Java enum FAQ : Can you share some Java enum examples , such as how to declare a Java enum , and how to use a Java enum in a for loop , if / then statement , and Java switch statement ?
Sure .
As described in the Sun / Oracle Java documentation , a Java enum “ you should use enum types any time you need to represent a fixed set of constants . ”
Let 's take a look at some enum examples to see how this works .
Java enum : Constant examples
Because a Java enum type is good for defining a fixed set of constants , it ’s often used to represent constants like these in Java programs :
Days of the week
Months in the year
Cards in a deck
Directions ( north , south , east , west )
Menu item options
Defining arguments for a command - line program
States in the United States ( such as for a drop - down list )
In your code you ’ll probably also have other business - specific constants that you ’ll want to declare in your own enum .
In this Java enum tutorial I ’ll share a number of enum examples so you can see ( a ) how to define and then ( b ) how to use enum types in your programs .
How to declare a simple Java enum type
You can declare simple Java enum type with a syntax that is similar to the Java class declaration syntax .
Let ’s look at several short Java enum examples to get you started .
First , here ’s an example Java enum type that declares the days of the week in an enum named Day :
public enum Day { SUNDAY , MONDAY , TUESDAY , WEDNESDAY , THURSDAY , FRIDAY , SATURDAY }
Similarly , here ’s a simple enum named Month that declares the months in a year :
public enum Month { JANUARY , FEBRUARY , MARCH , APRIL , MAY , JUNE , JULY , AUGUST , SEPTEMBER , OCTOBER , NOVEMBER , DECEMBER }
And here ’s an example enum type that declares the margin types that you can use when working with CSS :
/** * Corresponds to CSS margins */ public enum Margin { TOP , RIGHT , BOTTOM , LEFT }
As you can see in these examples , to define a Java enum , all you have to do is declare the constants that the enum contains .
It ’s worth nothing that because these are constants , we name them with all capital letters , which is consistent with Java naming conventions .
How to use a Java enum type
Now that you ’ve seen how to declare simple Java enum types , let ’s take a look at how to use them .
You can use a Java enum type in a variety of situations , including in a Java 5 for loop , in a switch statement , in an if / else statement , and more .
Let 's take a look at how to use our simple enum types with each of these Java constructs .
A Java enum for loop example
If you need to iterate through all the constant fields in a Java enum , you can do this pretty easily in a Java 5 for loop .
You just need to use the values method of the enum type in the for loop , as shown in this Java enum for loop example :
/** * Purpose : A Java enum `for` loop example */ public class JavaEnumForLoopExample { public enum Margin { TOP , RIGHT , BOTTOM , LEFT } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { int count = 1 ; // loop through our enum for ( Margin m : Margin.values ( ) ) { System.out.printf ( " Margin %d = %s
" , count ++ , m ) ; } } }
As you can see , I use the enum values method in this line of code :
for ( Margin m : Margin.values ( ) )
Here 's what the output from this program looks like :
Margin 1 = TOP Margin 2 = RIGHT Margin 3 = BOTTOM Margin 4 = LEFT
Java enum in a switch statement
You can also use a Java enum in a switch statement .
Here ’s the source code for a complete Java enum switch statement example :
/** * A Java enum switch statement example ( a switch / case statement example ) .
* @author alvin alexander , devdaily.com * */ public class JavaEnumSwitchCaseExample { enum Margin { TOP , RIGHT , BOTTOM , LEFT } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println(getMarginValue( Margin.TOP ) ) ; } /** * @param A valid Margin value .
* @return A String representing the value for the given Margin , * or null if the Margin is not valid . */ public static String getMarginValue ( Margin margin ) { // use the enum values in our switch statement here switch ( margin ) { case TOP : return " 1em " ; case RIGHT : return " 12 px " ; case BOTTOM : return " 1.5em " ; case LEFT : return " 6 px " ; default : return null ; } } }
As you might guess , the output from this program is :
1em
A Java enum if / then example
You can also use an enum type in a Java if / then statement .
While the example below might be better implemented as a switch / case statement , it does provide an enum if / then example :
/** * Demonstrates the use of a Java enum type in an if / else statement .
* @author alvin alexander , devdaily.com */ public class JavaEnumIfThenExample { public enum Day { SUNDAY , MONDAY , TUESDAY , WEDNESDAY , THURSDAY , FRIDAY , SATURDAY } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) {
Day the Day = Day .
THURSDAY ; printDayGreeting ( the Day ) ; } public static void printDayGreeting ( Day day ) { if ( day == Day. FRIDAY ) System.out.println ( " TGIF " ) ; else System.out.println
( " Some other day " ) ; } }
As you can see from that code , an enum reference is tested against an enum constant in this line of code :
if ( day == Day. FRIDAY )
Java enum idioms
While digging around through the Java enum documentation I found the following enum idioms , and thought it might help to share them here :
Because they are constants , the names of an enum fields are created in uppercase ( like other Java constants ) .
fields are created in uppercase ( like other Java constants ) .
You can use an enum any time you need to represent a fixed set of constants .
More complicated Java enum examples
In this enum tutorial I 've only shown the basic ways of declaring and using Java enums .
When the need arises , Java enum types can also be much more complicated than what I 've shown in these examples .
The “ Planet ” enum type at the bottom of this Sun enum page shows how to define an enum that includes fields , methods , and even a main method .
Related Java enum examples
I hope these Java enum examples have been helpful .
As I finish up my Java enum tutorial series , here 's a collection of the Java enum tutorials I 've put together during the last week .
I hope you find them helpful :
$ 4.8 trillion - Interest on U.S. debt
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Here 's a new way to think about the U.S. government 's epic borrowing :
More than half of the $ 9 trillion in debt that Uncle Sam is expected to build up over the next decade will be interest .
More than half .
In fact , $ 4.8 trillion .
If that 's hard to grasp , here 's another way to look at why that 's a problem .
In 2015 alone , the estimated interest due - $ 533 billion - is equal to a third of the federal income taxes expected to be paid that year , said Charles Konigsberg , chief budget counsel of the Concord Coalition , a deficit watchdog group .
On the bright side - such as it is - the record levels of debt issued lately have paid for stimulus and other rescue programs that prevented the economy from falling off a cliff .
And the money was borrowed at very low rates .
But accumulating any more interest on what the United States owes at this point is like extreme sport : dangerous .
All the more so because interest rates will rise when private sector borrowers return to the debt market and compete with the government for capital .
At that point , the country 's interest payments could jack up very fast .
" When interest rates rise even a small amount , the interest payments go up a lot because of the size of the debt , " Konigsberg said .
The Congressional Budget Office , which made the $ 4.8 trillion forecast , already baked some increase in rates into the cake .
But there is always a chance those estimates may prove too conservative .
And then it 's Vicious Circle 101 - well known to anyone who has gotten too into hock with Visa and MasterCard .
The country depends heavily on borrowing to fund what it wants to do .
But the more debt it racks up , the more likely it becomes that creditors could demand a higher interest rate for making new loans to the government .
Higher rates in turn make it harder to pay off the underlying debt because more and more money is going to pay off interest - money , by the way , which is also borrowed .
And as more money goes to interest , creditors may become concerned that the country can't pay down its principal and lawmakers will have less to fund all the things government is supposed to do .
" [ P ] olicymakers would be less able to pay for other national spending priorities and would have less flexibility to deal with unexpected developments ( such as a war or recession ) .
Moreover , rising interest costs would make the economy more vulnerable to a meltdown in financial markets , " the CBO wrote in its most recent long - term budget outlook .
So far , that crisis of confidence has n't happened .
And no one can predict with any certainty whether or when it could occur .
But should it occur , the change could be abrupt .
That 's because the government frequently rolls over - or refinances - the debt it has issued as it comes due .
In other words , when a Treasury bond or note matures , the government must pay the investor the face value on that debt .
In order to do that , the Treasury borrows money to pay back the investor , which means the debt would be refinanced at whatever the going interest rates are at the time .
Just how much churn is there ?
Of late , a fair bit it seems .
A Treasury borrowing advisory committee reported in early November that " approximately 40 percent of the debt will need to be refinanced in less than one year . "
Since rates may well stay low over the next year , it 's possible that debt could be refinanced at the same or even lower rates .
But that situation wo n't last forever .
So what will Washington do ?
To help mitigate the potential risk of rising rates , the Treasury has said it would start increasing the average maturity of the new debt it issues .
That way the debt it refinances in the next couple of years will be locked in at lower rates for longer periods of time .
And the Obama administration has promised to produce a deficit - reduction plan that would aim to bring down annual deficits to roughly 3 % of GDP over the next several years , below the 4 % to 5 % currently projected .
If that happens , the $ 4.8 trillion in interest payments that CBO estimates for the next decade could go down if interest rates do n't increase as much as CBO expects .
" There will be less debt outstanding than if we do n't get the deficit down .
It may also reduce [ the average interest rate on the debt ] since less debt means less pressure on interest rates , " said William Gale , co-director of the Tax Policy Center .
But whether they can do that within a few years of an economic recovery is another matter .
" Even under the president 's [ 2010 ] budget as evaluated by the CBO we do not get anywhere close to that , " Gale said .
That could mean the president 's 2011 budget proposals would have to make a lot of changes to get closer to the 3 % goal .
Unpopular changes like tax hikes and spending cuts .
Budget hawks hope the president will push for a deficit - reduction commission to come up with ways to cut the deficit and then propose legislation that lawmakers would only be able to vote for or against .
The reason :
There is no political will to make the tough calls .
Especially in a mid-term election year .
Hi !
My name 's Peter .
Welcome to my website about Buddhism .
This site has instructions on how to do zen meditation ( called " zazen " ) and some articles and talks on Buddhism .
If you 're in or around Tokyo , I hold zen meditation classes on Saturdays at Tokyo University Buddhists Association .
Anyone interested is welcome to attend .
I 'll be holding a Four - day Buddhist Retreat at Shokakuji temple near Tokyo from May 3 - 6 ( Friday to Monday ) , 2019 .
Anyone interested is welcome .
[ nycphp - talk ] session variables : seven deadly sins
Allen Shaw wrote : > Really ?
That 's a surprising assertion , though I 'll agree my surprise > probably comes more from my own lack of insight than a flaw in your > argument .
Of course a quick google shows a few people hold that > session vars are " evil , " but I can't find much to back up the idea . > >
Can you elaborate , or give us a few links on the topic ?
I 'll try to reply to this and some other people who replied to my previous message .
I 'll start with my background .
I 've often been the person who the buck stops with -- somebody else develops an application that almost works ( perhaps even puts it in production ) and then I have to clean up the mess .
The app might be written in PHP , Java , Cold Fusion , Perl , you name it .
I 've learned to see session variables as a " bad smell " .
When I develop my own applications , I use cookies for personalization and caching .
I use the authentication system described in http://cookies.lcs.mit.edu/pubs/webauth:sec10-slides.ps.gz this mechanism can carry a " session id " , which in turn can be used a key against application state stored in a relational database .
I think through the boundary cases , and find that my greenfield apps behave predictably -- my only woe is that you 'll discover that browsers have a lot of undocumented behavior connected with cookies , form handling , and caching .
All problems that you still need to fight with if you use sessions , see the comments for http://www.php.net/manual/en/function.session-cache-limiter.php
----
The context of this is that the average web application is poor in the areas of usability and security : recent studies show that 80 % of web applications have serious security problems
http://www.whitehatsec.com/home/resources/presentations/files/wh_security_stats_webinar.pdf
Jacob Nielsen 's website has been chronicling the sorry state of web application usability : http://www.useit.com/
Perhaps the top 20 % of programmers can write applications with $ _SESSION that do n't have serious security and usability problems , but what about the other 80 % ?
---- ( 1) Session variables are treacherous .
Odd things can happen in boundary cases , such as when sessions expire , or when you are targeted by session fixation attacks .
http://shiflett.org/articles/security-corner-feb2004
I 've looked at many apps that use sessions that seem to be working ...
Until you walk away for two hours , come back , and discover that you 're logged in as somebody else .
I suppose I could have spent hours or days tracking down an intermittent problem , which involved some confluence of browser oddness ( IE was fine , Firefox was screwy ) , the behavior of the session system , and crooked logic in the application .
Or I could use cryptographically signed cookies to implement an authentication system which wo n't give me surprises in the future .
Anybody can write applications that work 95 % of the time with $ _SESSION .
Getting the other 5 % right requires a deep understanding of state and statelessness on the web ...
Which is what ( many ) people are trying to avoid when they use $ _SESSION variables .
There are more than twenty configuration variables that affect the way sessions work under PHP .
Incorrect configuration of any of these can cause applications to fail , often in intermittent ways .
The use of a custom session handler can have unpredictable effects on security , reliability and performance .
Other languages are a lot worse than PHP -- the use of the " scope " concept in languages such as Cold Fusion and Tango makes it easy to use a session variable without realizing it ...
Resulting in an application that " works " sometimes , but fails in mysterious ways .
( 2 ) Session variables are bound to a particular language .
In the real world , I work with legacy systems that might be written in other languages .
I might have some old pages in Cold Fusion that work just fine , and I wo n't rework them in PHP until I 've got a good reason .
If users can set a customization parameter , such as the background of a page , it 's easy to write a cookie that all languages can read .
Applications stuck in the session variable roach motel are n't as maintainable and portable .
( 3 ) PHPSESSID .
Do I need to say more ?
I consider the client that wants user tracking and can't accept cookies , so all the pages on their site look like http://www.example.com/about_us.php?PHPSESSID=**pseudo-random blob **
Three months later they come back and wonder why their site is n't being indexed in Google .
Yes , there 's a saner way to use this feature , but this " cure " to privacy violation is worse than the cookie " disease " , since session ids will leak out through referrers , bookmarks , links that people cut - and - pate ... ( 4 ) The back button .
When somebody asks a question about sessions on a forum , they 'll usually ask another question a few days or weeks later : " How do I disable the back button ? "
The underlying problem is a deep aspect of the structure of the web .
There is certain state information that 's particular to a request ( GET and POST variables ) and certain state information that has a more persistent scope ( cookies , session information , a relational database . )
The back button makes it possible for these two things to get out of sync .
Ultimately , we need a systematic strategy to deal with this .
One pattern is to put the complete state of the application in form variables .
Applications that use this pattern always work perfectly with the back button .
This pattern does n't work always ( hitting the back button should n't cancel your order on an e-commerce site ) , but it works often ...
For instance , you can use hidden variables to hold onto form variables for complicated forms that spread over several pages , ( 5 ) Multiple windows .
I think it 's a human right to be able to have more than one window open on a web site .
If I 'm shopping , for instance , I 'd like to be able to look at two products simultaneously .
An application that keeps state in form variables does n't care how many you have open .
If you 're looking for jobs at an organization that uses taleo .
net 's software , you 'll find that it uses trickery to prevent you from having more than one window open ...
So you can't look at two jobs at once , or look at the job description while you 're filling out the application .
I suspect that they did this because they do n't want to spend forever debugging " race conditions " that could be caused by a user acting in two windows simultaneously .
Session variables introduce problems of locking .
PHP gets an exclusive lock on the session for each page displayed .
This hurts the performance of pages that use dynamically generated images and Javascript , and can mysteriously deadlock AJAX applications .
( 6 ) Scalability , Reliability , and all that .
This is a tricky one , because it depends on particulars .
Sessions can be lightning - fast in systems that keep them in RAM , such as Java and Cold Fusion .
The default session handler in PHP uses files , and is probably faster than a relational database in a direct comparison : however , the session handler will load all of the data into RAM , whereas a relational implementation may only need to load information when it 's needed .
Keeping information in POST variables or cookies also involves a tradeoff -- this is as scalable as it gets so far as server resources , but requires that the state be passed back and forth between the browser and server .
This is no big deal if the state is 500 bytes .
It 's unacceptable if the state is 500 megabytes .
In most cases , it starts looking expensive when we 're passing an extra 10 k - 100 k around .
I 've recently been working on a legacy app that contains a query ( select a subset of items ) and reporting ( display user - selected fields of those items ) function .
The interface between those modules is simple : the query system passes a comma-separated list of item identifiers to the reporting system .
I like this , because it meant that one system could be changed without affecting the other .
I had to update the app so it would work with a changed database schema , so both sides needed some work .
I discovered that the app was passing the item list as a session variable .
This worked : unless I was using the application in two windows at a time .
In that case , a query in one window would change the report delivered in another window .
I thought about it , and realized that in this case , result sets would always be under about 10 k , and usually be around 1 k .
Therefore , it made sense to pass this as a hidden variable in the form and ditch the session variable .
This shows the kind of problems that regularly turn up in the applications that developers " throw over the wall " to testers and clients .
Choose a session variable , and your application behaves mysteriously for a user who did n't respect the " one window at a time " assumption you made .
Passing hidden variables in forms , on the other hand , might work OK when you 're testing with a small data set over a LAN , but could rapidly become a performance nightmare for dialup users using a production database .
Performance can be improved in a number of ways : for instance , by delta - sigma compressing the item list , or creating a " form scope " variable that 's keyed against a unique identifier in the form .
Either way , quality web applications take quality thought .
( 7 ) Lack of engineered application state : Engineered Application State is the gem of database - backed web applications .
If you keep the state of your application in a relational database , you need to ~design ~ the state of your application .
You need to ~ think ~ every time you add or change a table in your relational database .
You can add a new variable to your application as easily as typing ' $ ' .
Desktop apps keep the application state in a tangle of pointers .
C and C++ applications tend to contain 5 or more defects per thousand lines of code .
Errors show up in data structures over time , just as mutations occur in your cells .
Memory leaks , application hangs , and crashes are cancers caused by these mutations .
PHP apps die at the end of each request , and are reborn for the next request .
They do n't accumulate errors over time .
Web application environments such as Java and Cold Fusion that involve a long - running process regularly hang or crash and require restarts .
When is the last time you 've had to restart PHP ?
A database protects you from errors in multiple ways .
Transactions , for instance , protect against data corruption caused by crashing scripts .
It 's easy to write $ _SESSION [ " logged_in " ] =true ; in one place and $ _SESSION [ " logged - in " ] =false ; in another , introducing unpredictable behavior and security holes .
A relational database will give you an error if you try something like that .
-------------
Can users of $ _SESSION avoid the seven deadly sins ?
Yes .
In practice they do n't .
A pensioner has escaped jail after he was seen performing a sexual act with a horse .
Prosecutor Noelle Brockbank told the court that the witness had spotted the horse 's head in David Walter Chamberlin 's groin in a Billingham field , The Northern Echo reports .
The 71 - year - old retired farm worker of The Crescent , Middlesbrough , pleaded guilty at Teesside Magistrates '
Court to outraging public decency by committing a lewd act with the animal and was sentenced to a 24 - month community order .
Brockbank said : " The witness was shaken and disgusted by what he saw .
He was the owner of the horse .
" He picked up a stick and struck the defendant .
That startled the horse , causing it to run off , dragging the defendant with it . "
Chamberlin 's solicitor Alex Bousfield said : " As I have previously said this incident is going to define the way people see Mr Chamberlin for the rest of his life .
" It is going to be more embarrassing for him .
The owner of the horse was in court on the first occasion , telling people what happened .
" Mr Chamberlin cannot explain what happened .
He did n't know how to account for that behaviour .
It is not for me to put an explanation forward as he can't explain it either . "
Chairman of the bench John Meredith told Chamberlin : " You have pleaded guilty to the charge of committing an act that outrages public decency .
" It is a serious matter the harm caused , the stress caused to the owner of the animal and to the animal itself . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
President Obama ’s speech on Afghanistan reminds The Daily Show‘s Jon Stewart of another recent president — one whose name rhymes with push .
“ We begin tonight in 2007 , ” Stewart intones .
“ A war in Iraq was going badly , so President Bush proposed a bold new strategy , a surge of nearly 30,000 troops .
Flash forward to present day : the war in Iraq has stabilized but the war in Afghanistan is going badly .
This time the problem be tackled by a bold leader with the audacity to change hope into what we were waiting for — yes we can !
What shall his answer be ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The screen cuts to Obama : “ I have determined that it is in our vital national interest to send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan . ”
“ What the — is 30,000 troops the military equivalent of two Advil ? ” Stewart quips .
“ Maybe he ’s giving the same surge speech that Bush gave .
No , that ’s crazy , Jon .
That ca n’t be happening .
If that were the case he would open with some type of 9/11 reference . ”
Obama again : “ On September 11 , 2001 , 19 men hijacked four airplanes and used them to murder nearly 3,000 people . ”
“ At least Obama is not dipping into Bush ’s well worn bucket o’ fear , ” Stewart adds .
Obama returns to the screen .
“ I ’m convinced that our security is at stake in Afghanistan and Pakistan , ” he says .
“ Al Qaeda and other extremists seek nuclear weapons and we have every reason to believe they would use them .
We have apprehended extremists from our borders sent here to commit new acts of terror . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If you are channeling Bush , ” Stewart continues , “ let ’s hear some of that absolutist rhetoric .
‘ Our cause is just , our resolve unwavering . ' ”
Obama appears on - screen again : “ Our cause is just , our resolve unwavering . ”
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast Dec. 2 , 2009 .
A growing number of convicted sex offenders around the US will spend this weekend with a Halloween version of a scarlet letter hanging on their front porches .
A Georgia lawmakers hopes his state will join several others – including Maryland , Indiana , Illinois , and Louisiana – and dozens of cities , towns , and counties across the US that now order registered sex offenders to put out a " NO CANDY HERE " sign .
It 's a gambit to warn trick or treaters against possible molesters .
But it also raises constitutional and societal questions over identifying America 's more than 500,000 registered sex offenders by where they live .
" There 's a lot of fake monsters running around on Halloween , but there are some real ones , too , " says Georgia state Rep. Rob Teilhet , who is running for attorney general .
He calls Halloween " a unique time period of vulnerability " for children .
More state parole officers are ordering convicted sex offenders not to answer their doors , decorate their porches , or wear costumes to greet kids on Halloween , experts say .
In Miller County , Texas , registered sex offenders are required for the first time this year to report to counseling sessions on Halloween night , in order to keep them away from trick or treaters .
Last year , Maryland pulled back from mandating " no candy here " signs featuring a pumpkin after the display became the butt of late - night TV jokes .
( The state said the jokes were n't the reason the state pulled the pumpkin signs and replaced them with signs showing only the words " no candy here . " )
With millions of costumed kids skipping down darkened streets , it 's little wonder that sex offenders have become real - life bogeymen for some parents and politicians .
But even organizations that work on behalf of sexual - assault victims suggest that some efforts seem intended more for political show than for addressing a real problem .
Most sexual assaults , including those involving kids , are n't between strangers , experts note , but between people who know one another .
" We do n't have evidence of higher incidence of sexual offenses against children on Halloween than other times , " says Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children in Alexandria , Va .
" And because there are offenders who do n't have prior history , it 's important that communities do n't feel a sense of security because sex offenders are required to stay in the house with the porch lights off . "
Still , new laws such as one in St. Johns County , in northeast Florida , touch on frightening news events like the recent death of a Florida girl , Somer Thompson , whose house had 90 registered sex offenders living within a three - mile radius .
But there is some pushback .
Last year , four sex offenders in Missouri challenged parts of a Halloween - related law that ordered registered sex offenders to abstain from any Halloween - related activities .
A judge blocked the law , calling it too broad .
According to the American Civil Liberties Union of Eastern Missouri , there were also concerns that Halloween pranksters could target homes specifically because of the signs .
The US Supreme Court allowed registries to be publicly posted in 2003 .
A federal law in 2006 closed loopholes that allowed sex offenders to get " lost " by moving between states .
That law also mandates that states make it easy for residents to locate sex offenders in their neighborhoods using tools like Google Maps .
States are currently working toward tiered designations of sex offenders so residents can more easily distinguish between high - risk offenders " and the guy arrested for public exposure at Mardi Gras , which is a registrable offense in some states , " as Mr. Allen puts it .
" A key point is that all sex offenders are not alike , " he says .
Still , Representative
Teilhet says parents are right to be concerned about their kids knocking on the wrong door .
" One of the reasons we decided as a society to keep track of these folks is they are difficult to reform and there are a lot of repeat offenders , " he says .
" A lot of people on that registry are very bad news . "
-----
Somer Thompson lived near 161 sex offenders .
Is that number high ?
----
Follow us on Twitter .
This story originally ran November 30 , 2009 .
Sometimes , even as a person pisses you off , they make a point that you can't ignore .
In a recent forum discussion that I was involved in , scientists were accused of making pronouncements from on high .
The argument was that scientists jump to a conclusion that seems desirable to them , and then treat it as an infallible truth .
Of course , my initial reaction was to pronounce that I , as a practicing scientist , never make pronouncements .
But , looking at my articles from the perspective of someone who really knows absolutely nothing about science — as a practice or as a body of knowledge — I can see how one could see little beyond a list of assertions .
The truth is more complicated , of course , but it 's a truth that science writers find challenging to convey .
Science is impossibly broad , and the leading edge sits , precariously balanced , on a huge , solid , and above all , old body of knowledge .
To illustrate this problem , I am going to tell you the story about how the speed of light came to be the ultimate speed limit for the entire universe .
What I want you to remember from this story is that any new fact or change in our understanding sits upon generations of accumulated knowledge .
Most of that knowledge is now trusted as " mostly correct , " though some of it still lies in the " probably not too badly wrong " category .
Sitting beneath that is a body of work stretching back some 6,000 years , some of which is still highly relevant .
My overall point is that , even if I were to extend each of my peer - reviewed articles by some 3,000 words — I already get complaints about the length of some of my articles — I still would not have covered the science of an entire subject .
By choosing a starting point for the knowledge described in an article , I really am pronouncing from on high that everything beyond that point is established , trusted knowledge , while everything after that point will be explained to some extent .
So , how do we measure stuff anyway ?
My arbitrary beginning for this story — and make no mistake , it is a story that leaves out any number of complications — is Galileo .
Apart from being a telescope builder extraordinaire , Galileo also had an important insight into the process of measurement .
He saw that if he was on a moving boat and fired a cannon forward , he could measure the speed of the cannon ball and come up with a number .
But , the poor guy on the receiving end of the cannon ball — giving up his life in the name of science — would , when making the same measurement , come up with a different answer .
Needless to say , a violent disagreement might ensue ( provided the target survived the cannonball ) over whose measurement was correct .
Galileo saw that the difference between the two measurements was the speed of the boat .
That is , the person receiving the cannon ball sees that it is moving a bit faster than Galileo because the target sees that the cannon that fired the ball was also moving .
Once this extra speed is taken into account , agreement could be reached between different measurements , and Galileo could return to upsetting other people .
The key point that Galileo made clear was that measurements are always relative to some benchmark .
We measure the speed of a car relative to the ground , and we measure the speed of stars relative to each other ( including the Sun ) .
This principle underlies a lot of modern physics , and it's so fundamental that we do n't even give it a name when we teach it anymore .
But it turns out that this principle is , in fact , wrong sometimes .
Showing how we know it 's wrong and why we found out that it is wrong is what this story is really all about .
Another arbitrary beginning : the story of light
Galileo was not the only person into optics and telescopes .
Newton and Huygens both made huge contributions to our understanding of light — Newton demonstrated that white light contained all the colors of the rainbow , while Huygens created a model that explained the structure of the patterns light created after it had passed by a sharp edge .
But these two giants of science disagreed about what light actually was .
Newton thought that light was a particle , while Huygens thought that light was a wave .
Critically , all observed phenomena could be explained by both models , so both had their adherents and critics .
Note , though , that this dispute happened a bit before 1700 , but this issue remained unresolved until the middle of the 19th century .
That is not to say that no one cared or did anything about it .
On the contrary , evidence for the wave theory of light accumulated and the particle theory of light had to be modified to accommodate the new findings ; as it became more complicated , the number of people who supported it shrunk .
The straw that broke the camel 's back when it came to support for light as a particle was Young 's experiment that demonstrated that light , like water waves and sound waves , could be made to interfere — one of the reasons this took so long is that Young needed a relatively modern light source to make his observations .
In the meantime , an important question remained unanswered : if light was a wave , what was doing the waving ?
Yet another arbitrary beginning : the story of electricity
Off in a disregarded corner , people with names like Faraday and Gauss had begun to get interested in why , after you had rubbed a cat with a bit of amber , bits of paper would stick to both the cat and the amber , but not to each other .
Equally interesting was why compass needles pointed north .
Although these phenomena had been known for a long long time , no one had really investigated them — or if they had , their findings had been lost .
In any case , scientists got interested in static electricity and magnetism .
They discovered that some materials conducted electricity , that magnets could cause an electric current to flow , and that currents could be used to create magnets .
The two were linked , but no one really knew how .
Empirical laws were derived that allowed electricity and magnetism to be exploited — dynamos , electric motors , and alternators were all in the process of revolutionizing life , though their effects would take a while to percolate through society .
But , despite the applications , the underlying principles remained obscure — we had laws , but no theory .
There were two problems with the laws developed for electricity and magnetism : first , they did n't shed any light on what electricity or magnetism were or why they were linked — the concept of charge had been introduced , but no one knew what a charge might be .
Second , they were n't predictive : that is , whenever anyone found a new magnetic or electrical phenomena , a new law was required .
That 's where things stood until the late 19th century , when Maxwell decided to use some new - fangled math to describe electricity and magnetism .
He found a common set of equations that described both phenomena and how they were linked to each other .
Maxwell 's work did n't win instant acceptance .
In the first place , it did n't do anything about the first problem — Maxwell 's equations offer no insight into the origin of electricity or magnetism , beyond the charge concept , anyway .
Meanwhile , there were other theories floating around that were purely mechanistic — they solved the first problem , but failed to be predictive ( or at least , accurately predictive ) .
In addition , Maxwell 's work introduced a series of new problems .
“ I know my mom was saying that we ’re going to spend a little bit less this year , ” said Katharine LaMantia , 16 .
“ We ’re each getting either one big gift or a couple of smaller gifts .
And I ’m not going to buy as many gifts for my friends because we ’re trying to spend less than we did last year . ”
Mr. Morris , who has led several retailing discussions with teenagers , said that unlike last holiday season , when the economic crisis was still new , teenagers now understood that nearly everyone was making sacrifices .
“ What we ’re hearing more and more is that these teens are empathizing with their parents , ” he said .
“ They ’re more concerned . ”
No major retailing chain has felt the effects of that concern as much as Abercrombie & Fitch , the pricey , preppy clothing purveyor that has turned in 19 consecutive months of same - store sales declines .
Last month , its sales sank 17 percent .
Rachel Kaplan , 16 , said the chain was once a top trendy destination .
“ Now I walk in there , it ’s empty , ” she said .
“ I think it ’s because they charge $ 80 for a polo shirt . ”
While Abercrombie is suffering , Aéropostale , the value - priced clothing chain for teenagers , has fared well in this economy , posting record monthly sales figures .
Last month , same - store sales rose 7 percent .
“ I do n’t mind it because it ’s kind of the same thing as Abercrombie and Hollister but a little cheaper , ” said Bryan Dunn , 17 , “ so you ’re not spending like $ 40 for a T - shirt . ”
The students want low prices , but at the same time , they seem to be discovering the relationship between price and quality .
“ If a shirt costs $ 10 but then rips every month or so , that ’s a lot of T - shirts , ” Ms. Kaplan said .
“ It adds up .
Whereas if you buy a shirt that costs like $ 30 but it does n’t rip , you can have it for as long as you want to wear it . ”
Just opened my loot :
Zombie Survival Guide by Max Brooks
Cool gas mask with army day bag !
If someone could translate the instructions , that would be great !
Hopefully I 'll never need to use them ( god forbid at the same time ... )
Thanks secret santa !
Between 2007 and 2008 , Gallup conducted the first comprehensive survey of global opinions about climate change , asking respondents in 128 countries about their awareness of the issue and the extent to which they perceive climate change as a threat to themselves and their families .
Overall , Gallup 's data reveal a majority ( 61 % ) of the world 's adult population knows at least something about global warming .
Forty - one percent are aware of the issue and perceive it as a serious threat .
The following is excerpted from " A Heated Debate : Global Attitudes Toward Climate Change , " which appears in the Fall issue of Harvard International Review on newsstands now .
Together , China , the United States , India , Russia , and Japan account for more than half of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions .
Separately , each has started down the path toward Copenhagen from different places and each has its own perspectives on the culpability of developed and developing nations .
Many observers believe the top emitters -- particularly China and the United States -- will need to walk together to get others to follow .
Public opinion about climate change across this mix of developed and major developing economies reveals some remarkable similarities and differences , both in awareness and in the perceived level of threat that global warming poses .
Chinese Perceive Relatively Low Threat From Global Warming
In China , which rivals the United States for the top spot on the greenhouse gas emitters list , the 62 % who are aware of climate change falls roughly at about the world 's average .
However , China stands out among these five countries because its public perceives global warming as a relatively low threat .
Gallup 's survey , which is representative of both urban and rural areas , reveals that the general Chinese perception of climate change as a relatively low threat is pervasive across demographic and geographic groups .
Awareness is higher among urban Chinese ( 77 % ) than rural Chinese ( 52 % ) .
But even within urban and rural areas , education has an independent , additional effect on awareness .
As education levels increase , so does basic awareness of climate change .
When we separate those adults who are aware , we find that urban Chinese are slightly more likely than rural Chinese to perceive climate change as a serious issue to them personally .
Although education does have an independent effect on perceptions , all groups show a relatively low level of perceived threat of climate change .
Indians Are Least Aware of Climate Change
Like China , India is one of the fastest expanding economies in the world , and as such , its energy needs will only increase over the next decade .
Still largely agrarian and poor , India has opposed emissions caps that could potentially curb its growth and maintains that developed nations should shoulder most of the burden .
However , India has committed to not increasing its per-capita emissions above those of developed countries and is increasingly looking into alternative fuel options and energy efficiency at home .
Of the top five greenhouse gas - emitting countries , awareness is lowest in India , where only about a third of adults say they know at least something about climate change .
As in China , this awareness correlates with urbanicity and educational attainment .
In urban India , 49 % of adults know at least something about climate change , whereas in rural India -- where more than two - thirds of the population lives -- 29 % does .
Within urban and rural India , awareness increases significantly with educational attainment .
While Indians are the least likely of the top five greenhouse gas - emitting countries to report awareness of climate change , they are more likely than the Chinese to say the issue is serious to them .
Indians who are aware of the issue are likely to perceive it as a serious personal threat ( 29 % of the total adult population in India ) .
As India 's energy needs increase over the next decade , the country will likely face a challenge as it communicates climate and environmental measures to a public that is highly unaware of the climate change issue .
Japanese , Americans , and Russians Generally Aware but Mixed on the Threat
In Japan , Russia , and the United States , interestingly , where awareness is substantially higher than in China or India , perceptions vary about the seriousness of the threat that climate change poses .
Of the citizens from the top five greenhouse gas - emitting countries , the Japanese are the most likely to say global warming represents a serious threat to themselves and their families , with 80 % rating the phenomenon at this threat level .
It is too early to tell what impact the recent government change will have on climate change policy in the world 's second - largest economy .
Japan 's Democratic Party , which swept to power in late August , had pledged to cut emissions even deeper than the outgoing government .
Such efforts may be a tough sell , however , as Japan emerges from deep economic recession .
Historically , the United States is the only country among the top five emitters not to ratify the Kyoto protocol .
However , since the Obama administration took office , climate change policies have started to shift .
Results from Gallup 's surveys in 2007 and 2008 show that almost all U.S. citizens aged 15 and older are aware of climate change , but a sizable 35 % do not believe climate change is a serious threat .
In this way , the United States is similar to Russia and China , where more than one - third of the population is aware of climate change but does not see it as posing a threat .
In Russia , one of the world 's most energy - intensive economies , there are signals this year that climate policy is starting to undergo a shift .
For the first time , Russia recently announced long - term plans for reducing emissions .
At the same time , there may be reluctance to do so at a cost to economic growth as Russia experiences a deep slowdown .
Despite high awareness among the Russian public , a minority of 39 % is aware of global warming and says it presents a serious threat .
In this regard , Russians ' attitudes more closely align with attitudes in India and China than with those in Japan or the United States .
For complete results for all countries , see below .
For complete methodology and specific survey dates , please review Gallup 's Country Data Set details .
Survey Methods
A total of 206,193 interviews was conducted across 128 countries in 2007 and 2008 .
A nationally representative sample of the civilian , non-institutionalized , adult population aged 15 and older was interviewed in each country , either in person or by telephone .
The coverage area is the entire country including rural areas ; exceptions include areas where the safety of interviewing staff is threatened and scarcely populated islands in some countries .
Interviews are stratified by population size and or geography and clustering is achieved through one or more stages of sampling .
Country - level data are weighted to the 2008 World Bank population estimates ( aged 15 and older ) to derive the regional and worldwide summary figures in this article .
Welcome to the World of Windsor Auto Parts
Windsor : A Glimpse
Established in the year 1996 , Windsor has become a reliable and reputed name in auto spare parts industry not only in India but in several markets over the globe – delivering you all with best in class aftermarket parts .
We cater to the exacting requirements of the automotive industry with high - quality parts for trucks , tractors , trailers as well as cars .
We house a seasoned team of engineers and technicians to provide clients with innovative and cost - efficient automobile parts that perfectly match the quality of OEM parts .
World Clock in your Taskbar Clock !
1st Clock lets you see the time all over the world at a glance , right in your taskbar !
World Clock in Windows 10 taskbar :
World Clock in Windows 7 taskbar :
Setting up clocks for your world clock in the taskbar
You can add up to 32 different clocks into the taskbar world clock , displaying time from all over the world !
Also you can just keep a single clock in the taskbar , but let it display a time from a specific time zone , instead of a local time .
To add a new clock , you just need to click Add ... and setup clock 's title and time zone :
You can select either a predefined time zone or specify a custom offset from the Greenwich Mean Time .
Also you can provide an arbitrary title for the clock !
Setting up world clock formatting and style
You can customize formatting for each clock in the world clock .
You can do it either by toggling various time / date items :
Or you can do precise clock customization using the format string :
There are different color , font and background customization options available for each clock in the world clock :
Other 1st Clock benefits :
See the date as well as the time in your tray clock .
Find today 's date with a glance !
Specify what and how to display in the clock area , select any color , size , font and background .
1st Clock is fully compatible with Windows 7 , 8 , 8.1 or 10 , including Anniversary and Creators Updates , both 32 and 64 bit .
Monitor computer 's performance with CPU and memory load indicators displayed right in the tray clock .
Read more : Turbocharge your taskbar clock ...
Never miss important moments in your life with powerful and reliable alarms and reminders , with unique unobtrusive notifications !
Set any number of one - time and repeating alarms with custom messages , sounds , colors , fonts , icons and actions .
When the alarm goes off , it displays a balloon notification near the clock area for a few seconds .
Click the balloon to open the alarm window or just leave it gently blinking in your taskbar .
High priority alarms display their message straight in the center of the screen .
1st Clock has been deliberately designed to handle the multitude of alarms with ease .
You can browse , search and manage alarms , view their schedule for any period of time .
Transfer alarms between computers using the backup and restore feature .
1st Clock never forgets your alarms .
All alarms left unattended will display after the reboot .
The unique Alarm Recycle Bin comes to the rescue if you accidentally delete an important alarm !
Read more : Working with alarms in 1st Clock
Read more : Working with alarms schedule in 1st Clock
Have a super - accurate time reference on your desktop , with extremely precise time synchronization ( up to 1/50s accuracy ) .
Adjust the time with atomic time servers either once or regularly at the specified intervals .
1st Clock queries several servers to improve reliability and precision of your computer 's time .
You can keep a log of time updates , use proxies , and apply a custom offset to the atomic time .
Use 1st Clock time server to synchronize time in the entire network .
Click the clock once to open 1 - or 2 - months calendar view .
Find the difference between dates .
Use the calendar to review and add alarms .
Use 1st Clock as a desktop clock if you wish .
You can undock 1st Clock and put it anywhere on your desktop .
Copy date and time to the clipboard .
Display Swatch Internet Time
And more ...
See also
Frances Fox Piven and Richard Cloward analyse the movement of industrial workers and the role of the unions following the great depression , from the sitdown strikes to the union no strike deals of World War II .
Chapter 3 of " Poor Peoples ' Movements : Why They Succeed , How they Fail "
The experience of labor unions in the United States is the historical bedrock on which the organizer 's credo is grounded .
As organizers recount this history , factory workers finally organized into large , stable organizations after much bloody travail , and were then able to exert influence in the factory .
Moreover , organization was said to have yielded influence in politics as well .
The large voting numbers and financial resources which the unions accumulated presumably gave working people a measure of political power .
To be sure , some believers in the credo are disappointed in the way unions have used their power , blaming an oligarchical leadership for a narrow preoccupation with wages and hours as for the avoidance of more fundamental economic and political issues .
However , the belief that working people were able to gain both economic and electoral power through organization still holds firm .
It is this belief that suggests to organizers the model other powerless groups should follow .
But on closer historical scrutiny , the bedrock turns out to be sand .
Factory workers had their greatest influence and were able to extract their most substantial concessions from government during the early years of the Great Depression before they were organized into unions .
Their power was not rooted in organization , but in their capacity to disrupt the economy .
For the most part strikes , demonstrations , and sit - downs spread during the mid-1930s despite existing unions rather than because of them .
Since these disorders occurred at a time of widespread political instability , threatened political leaders were forced to respond with placating concessions .
One of these concessions was protection by government of the right to organize .
Afterwards , union membership rose , largely because government supported unionization .
But once organized , the political influence of workers declined .
The unions not only failed to win new victories from government commensurate with the victories of unorganized workers during the 1930s , but those already won were whittled away .
Before we go on to offer our explanation of why industrial workers became a political force during the depression , we need to say a little about their lack of force before the depression .
The State Against Labor
When industrial workers band together they have power in their dealings with capital , or so it would seem .
Their power is of course the disruptive power of the strike .
If workers withhold their labor , production is halted and profits dwindle , and employers are pressured into making concessions .
Moreover , as economic concentration proceeds , and the scale of enterprises and their interpenetration in creases , the power of labor ought to increase as well .
Not only do large - scale enterprises facilitate collective action among workers , but the impact of strikes is more severe , reverberating throughout an interdependent and concentrated economy .
All this may seem to be true in principle , but in historical fact it has not been .
Between the onset of rapid industrialization at the end of the nineteenth century and the Great Depression , the history of strikes in mass production industries was largely a history of failure .
The explanation of this failure has preoccupied students of labor history .
The interpretations which have resulted tend to fasten on divisions in the American working class which inhibited the solidarity necessary for effective strike action : the corrosive effect of the business cycle on labor unity ; deep status and ethnic conflicts among workers ; the divisive effects of the promise and reality of upward mobility ; and the oligarchical and exclusionary character of such unions as did exist .
We will briefly review each of these explanations , for we think they help to explain the weakness of strike power .
There can be no doubt that solidarity was essential to the effectiveness of strikes , for without it striking workers were easily replaced and production was easily continued .
And there can be no doubt that American workers were divided .
These divisions had their roots in features of the American economy and in the characteristics of the American working population , as well as in deliberate practices of employers de signed to exacerbate divisions in order to turn workers against each other .
With this review made , however , we will go on to argue that divisiveness among American workers fails to account adequately for the defeat of labor struggles .
In instance after instance , worker struggles did not collapse from lack of internal unity ; they were smashed by the coercive power of the state .
First and most obviously worker solidarity was influenced by market conditions .
Workers could join together in strikes and slow downs more readily when business prospered and when the demand for labor was strong .
But during periods of depression , men and women were laid off , wages were cut , and hours were lengthened .
Defensive strikes and riots sometimes erupted during depressions , but they usually had little effect .
Not only did employers find it easier to resist strikes when trade was slow and there was less to be lost by halting production , but with jobs scarce , workers were forced to undersell each other in the scramble for employment .
Workers ' associations which emerged during boom times were unable to resist these forces ; they were usually simply wiped out when the market fell .
Second , solidarity was also inhibited because the American working population was fragmented by intense divisions determined by occupational status , by race , and by ethnicity .
The result was a commensurately weak recognition of class commonalities .
To some extent , these divisions were a natural and inevitable result of the heterogeneous origins of the American working population .
But it was also the policy of employers to take advantage of such distinctions to elaborate them , and by doing so , to weaken working - class solidarity .
Thus it is well known that the status - conscious artisans of the nineteenth century looked down on the growing stratum of unskilled workers created by industrialization .
This sense of themselves as a class apart was strengthened when industrialists agreed to bargain only with skilled workers during mass strikes .
By the end of the nineteenth century , as advancing mechanization drove many skilled workers into the ranks of the unskilled , and as a series of large - scale Industrial strikes were defeated , status anxieties and simple fear combined to heighten craft exclusiveness among the remaining skilled workers .
Even as this leveling process went forward , the advantages of occupational and status distinctions appear to have been recognized by industrialists , and under the banner of " scientific management " some industries adopted the deliberate policy of elaborating job distinctions , both hierarchically and horizontally , thus multiplying divisions among workers .
Status and job distinctions were often aggravated by racial and ethnic differences , and race and ethnicity also became the basis on which employers divided workers who were similarly situated .
The expanded need for unskilled labor was filled by a vast increase in immigration , first from Ireland and Northern Europe , later from Southern Europe , then from Eastern Europe ( and in the West , from the Orient ) .
The immigrants provided a virtually bottomless reservoir of helpless and poverty - stricken workers on which employers could draw .
The regular flow of immigrants was assured by powerful industrial lobbies which opposed any restrictions on " free labor " ( while protecting fervently the tariff restrictions on free commerce ) .
Between 1860 and 1920 , 28.5 million immigrants came to the United States ( Brecher , xiii ) .
As low - paid foreigners began to squeeze out higher - paid native American workers in many occupations , ethnic antagonisms were added to the antagonism between the skilled and the unskilled , further dissipating any sense of a common fate among workers .
Nor were employers innocent in promoting these effects .
Different immigrant groups were regularly pitted against each other , one group being used to underbid the wages of the other .
Commons wrote of a visit he paid to a Chicago employment office in 1904 :
" I saw , seated on benches around the office , a sturdy group of blond - haired Nordics .
I asked the employment agent , " How comes it you are employing Only Swedes ? "
He answered , " Well , you see , it is only for this week .
Last week we employed Slovaks .
We change about among different nationalities and languages .
It prevents them from getting together , We have the thing systematized " ( Lescohier and Brandeis , xxv ) .
Brecher cites a Carnegie plant manager writing in 1875 : " My experience has been that Germans and Irish , Swedes and what I denominate ' buckwheats ' ( young American country boys ) , judiciously mixed , make the most effective and tractable force you can find " ( 120 ) .
As late as 1937 , the Jones and McLaughlin Steel Corporation maintained rigid segregation between nationality groups , skillfully playing one off against the other ( Bernstein , 1971 , 475 ) .
Such practices were , of course , far more likely to be resorted to during strikes , when immigrants and native blacks were used as strikebreakers .
Third , in comparison with Europe , workers in America had greater opportunities for both economic and geographic mobility , at least until the end of the nineteenth century .
Wages in the new country were higher ; as manufacturing expanded , opportunities seemed to abound , at least for the lucky , the skilled , the ambitious , and at least during periods of prosperity .
Moreover , for those who were not destitute , there was the opportunity for free land and free mining in the west .
Commons noted that the leaders of defeated labor struggles in the East could often be found on the free land of the West ( Lescohier and Brandeis , xiii ) .
Indeed , the Homestead Act which opened up the public domain in the West is generally regarded as a concession to labor , a concession which did not improve the lot of factory workers , but which gave a few of them the alternative of not being factory workers .
Opportunity for advancement or for land thus drained off some of the more discontented and perhaps the more able , and also helped to sustain among those left behind the hope that they too could move upward , that their future lay not with collective struggles of the present , but with the individual opportunities of a future day .
Still another factor inhibiting and weakening industrial struggles was the status - conscious and oligarchical character of those workers ' organizations that did develop .
These were usually local unions of artisans whose ability to organize owed much to a tradition of brotherhood and pride in craft , as well as to the leverage that such organized craftsmen could exert in industries where they controlled entry into their occupations .
These sources of strength , however , encouraged them to ignore and even to scorn the growing mass of unskilled workers .
Moreover , the inevitable tendencies toward oligarchy , noted by Michels in Europe , seem to have been stronger within the craft unions in the United States , perhaps because class consciousness was weaker , mobility strivings sharper , and the business ethos more widely shared by workers and their leaders .
Over time , the leaders of craft unions came to function more as labor contractors than as labor leaders , depending more on collusive arrangements with employers for the maintenance of their leadership positions than on a united and militant following .
The result was a leadership that was less and less inclined to engage in strikes or agitation , and less and less interested in recruiting a mass following .
When mass strikes did occur , they were often opposed by established union leaders , some of whom went so far in the big strikes of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries as to encourage their members to engage in strikebreaking .
In the preceding paragraphs , we have tried to summarize the prevailing explanations of American labor 's inability to make much progress before the Great Depression .
It is our view , however , that explanations pointing to divisions among industrial workers miss the main point .
Mass strikes did occur , and the strikers often held fast , obdurate in the face of overwhelming economic necessity .
The ultimate enfeeblement of workers was not just their lack of solidarity , and their consequent lack of economic power , but their lack of political power .
Whatever force workers mounted against their bosses , whatever their determination and their unity , they could not with stand the legal and military power of the state , and that power was regularly used against them .
During the colonial period , industrial codes established maximum wages , declared work compulsory , and forbade the combination of workmen for the purpose of raising wages ( Raybeck , 12 ) .
The courts continued to view unions as criminal conspiracies until 1842 ( Fleming , 123 ) .
As time went on , the laws regulating labor softened , but the practices of government did not .
Until the Great Depression , striking workers were regularly subject to court injunctions and criminal prosecutions .
And what could not be done by law was done by military force .
Company troops , deputized for the occasion by local sheriffs , state militia , and federal troops , were all deployed time and again to attack strikers and to protect strikebreakers .
In the face of this kind of opposition , strikes were bound to fail , no matter whether the workers were united or not .
Some of the bitterest examples of the use of force by government against strikers occurred during the severe depressions of the late nineteenth century when unemployment and wage cuts made people desperate , and the scale of the calamity forged a unity among workers which led to epidemics of protests .
In 1877 , when four years of severe depression had led to sharp wage cuts and left perhaps one million industrial workers unemployed , a strike on the Pennsylvania and Baltimore and Ohio railroads led to riots that swept through a dozen major rail centers , escalating to open conflict between workers and troops .
When local police and state militia were unable to handle the disturbances - in Pittsburgh , for example , police and militia were openly sympathetic with the mob that was burning railroad property to the ground - 3,000 federal troops were rushed from city to city under the direction of the War Department .
Order was finally re stored , leaving twenty - six dead in Pittsburgh , where the mob openly resisted ; thirteen dead and forty - three wounded in Reading , Pennsylvania ; nineteen dead and more than one hundred wounded in Chicago ( Brecher , 1 - 23 ) .
Property damage reached about 5 million ( Walsh , 20 ) .
It was subsequent to these upheavals that the huge National Guard Armories were constructed in the heart of America 's big cities ( Josephson , 365 ) .
A decade later , a new depression triggered another , even greater , uprising of workers , and again the strikes were broken with the aid of police and militia , justified this time by the Haymarket bombing incident .
The scenario was reenacted again in the depression of the 1890s when wage cuts and rising unemployment in manufacturing and transportation precipitated strikes involving some 750,000 workers , primarily in steel , in mining , and in the railroad industry .
In Pennsylvania , the governor called out 7,000 troops to deal with the Homestead steel workers ; in Idaho , in the Coeur d'Alene region , National Guard and federal troops rounded up all union miners and put them in a stockade where they were held for months without charges .
The Pullman railroad strike of 1894 brought thousands of federal troops to Chicago , with the result that an estimated thirty - four people were killed , and Eugene Debs was imprisoned .
Subsequently , the federal government stationed marshals in numerous railroad centers to protect railroad property , at a cost of at least $ 400,000 ( Taft and Ross , 290 - 299 ; Greenstone , 2l ) .
These statistics almost surely fail to suggest the true magnitude of violence by government against workers during this period .
One contemporary writer , for example , estimated that in the years 1902 - 1904 alone , 198 persons were killed and 1,986 injured ( cited in Taft and Ross , 380 ) .
Overall , Taft and Ross were able to identify 160 occasions on which state and federal troops were called out to deal with labor agitations .
As Eugene Debs said after the strike by his American Railway Union was crushed by the federal government in 1894 :
" We have only got a number , and a limited number , of poorly paid men in our organization , and when their income ceases they are starving .
We have no power of the Government behind us .
We have no recognized influence in society on our side .
. . .
On the other side , the corporations are in perfect alliance ; they have all the things that money can command , and that means a subsidized press , that they are able to control the newspapers , and means a false or vitiated public opinion .
The clergy almost steadily united in thundering their denunciations ; then the courts , then the State militia , then the Federal troops ; everything and all things on the side of the corporations ( cited in Brecher , 94 ) . "
When the steel strike of 1919 was defeated by United States Steel , a report of the Interchurch Commission echoed the judgments of Eugene Debs twenty - five years earlier :
" The United States Steel Corporation was too big to be beaten by 300,000 working men .
It had too large a cash surplus , too many allies among other businesses , too much support from government officers , local and national , too strong influence with social institutions such as the press and the pulpit , it spread over too much of the earth - still retaining absolutely centralized control - to be defeated by widely scattered workers of many minds , many fears , varying states of pocketbook and under a comparatively improvised leadership ( quoted in Walsh , 56 ) . "
In a handful of instances , government remained neutral or supportive , and that spelled the difference between the success and failure of strikes .
For example , during the uprisings of the 1890s , while federal and state troops were being used to break strikes elsewhere , the UMW called a national strike in an effort to organize the central competitive coalfields .
When two recalcitrant companies in Illinois imported scabs whom the striking miners prevented from entering the mining areas , Governor John B. Tanner of Illinois sent National Guardsmen to avert the threat of violence , but with instructions not to assist the mine owners .
Both companies eventually signed with the UMW ( Taft and Ross , 300-302 ) .
It is often said that employers in the United States were exceptional for the virulence of their opposition to the demands of workers .
Their opposition is not difficult to understand .
But who is to say that they would have been successful in the face of large - scale strikes had not government on all levels regularly come to their aid ?
In other words , without the power to restrain their presidents their governors , and often their mayors from using troops against them , workers remained helpless , stripped of the economic power of the strike by the coercive power of government .
That this was so in the nineteenth century was perhaps partly because the political power of employers , based on economic power , was not yet tempered by the mass numbers of a large industrial class .
The United States remained predominantly a country of independent farmers and proprietors until the Civil War .
Moreover , even after industrialization had advanced , and even after the number of wage workers grew , a rural , small proprietor view of American life , and of the role of private property in American life , continued to dominate the political culture .
By 1880 , wage and salaried employees accounted for 62 % of the labor force , and farmers and small proprietors accounted for only 37 % ( Reich , Table 4 - J , 175 ) .
But these numbers were still submerged by a political ideology that , by denying the realities of economic concentration , may have thwarted the popular emergence of urban , working - class interests , at least on the national and state levels .
Perhaps a more important factor than American political culture in accounting for the absence of class - oriented politics was the development of political institutions that created the illusion of popular participation and influence .
Long before an industrial working class had developed , American workers were given the franchise , in most states by the 1820s .
One result was that the political alienation to which Bendix ascribes the European working class movements of the nineteenth century did not emerge so acutely in the United States , for workers were at least granted the vote , the symbol of political influence , and they were included in the rituals of political participation as well .
Thus artisans reacted to the depression of 1828 - 1831 by forming workingmen 's parties , particularly in New York and Philadelphia .
They created a stir sufficient to produce some concessions , such as the end of imprisonment for debt and free public schools .
Meanwhile , leaders of the workingmen 's party in New York City were inducted into Tammany ( Pelling , 32 - 33 ) .
These precedents were to be repeated and expanded as the working class enlarged .
Big city machines were able to win and hold the allegiance of workers by absorbing their leaders and by conferring favors and symbols that sustained the loyalties of workers on individual , neighborhood , and ethnic bases .
This not only prevented the emergence of industrial workers as a political force directed to class issues , but it actually freed political leaders on all levels of government to use police , militia , and troops against striking workers without jeopardizing working - class electoral support .
In the l930s , this pattern was broken and government was forced to make accommodations to industrial workers , as industrial workers .
Staughton Lynd puts the change succinctly : " Not only in the l890s but equally in the period after World War I , the national government smashed emerging industrial unions .
In the 1930s , the national government sponsored them " ( Lynd , 1974 , 30 ) .
The structural changes that presaged this new accommodation had been proceeding rapidly as industrialization increasingly dominated American life .
The transformation was complete and precipitate .
In 1860 the United States ranked behind England , France , and Germany in the value of its manufacturing products ; by 1894 the United States was not only in the lead , but its manufacturing products nearly equaled those of England , Germany , and France together ( Gutman , 33 ) .
In the next few years , concentration proceeded apace as mergers and consolidation resulted in the creation of corporations with billions of dollars in assets .
By 1904 the top 4 percent of American concerns produced 57 percent of the total value of industrial products ( Weinstein , 1 ) .
And by 1910 overall investment in manufacturing had increased twelve - fold over 1860 ( Brecher , xii ) .
As a result , the number of workers employed in industry also increased to about 40 percent of the labor force ( Reich , Table 4 - L , 178 ) , and these workers were concentrated in ever - larger industrial empires .
Taken together , these changes set the stage for the successful struggles of the 1930s .
The advance of industrialization meant that when the economic collapse of the 1930s occurred , no sector of the economy was insulated , and no sector of the population spared .
The discontents which galvanized workers also affected virtually the entire population , with the result that worker agitations were more threatening to political leaders .
At the same time the industrial working class itself had enlarged , and its role in the economy had become more central , so that workers themselves were more menacing when insurgent .
But if these structural changes created the pre conditions for a political accommodation by government to industrial workers , the change was not to come until the workers them selves rose up in defiance with such disruptive effects that they forced the hand of the state .
Depression and the Preconditions for Insurgency
Publicly the White House responded to the crash of 1929 and to rapidly mounting unemployment by issuing a steady stream of good cheer , declaring that the economy was fundamentally sound and that employment was picking up .
Privately , however , Hoover was apparently less sanguine .
In late November he called a conference of leading industrialists at which he described the situation as serious , and urged industry to help minimize panic by maintaining the existing level of wages .
For the first year , at least , most of the nation 's big corporations cooperated , and wages held relatively firm for those still working .
But the depression rapidly worsened to the point that industry approached collapse .
By 1932 half of all manufacturing units had closed down ; production fell by 48 percent ; reported corporate in come fell from $ 11 billion to $ 2 billion ; the value of industrial and railroad stock fell by 80 percent ; and the numbers out of work continued to rise .
An estimated 8 million were jobless by the spring of 1931 , 13.5 million by the end of 1932 , and over 15 million , or one - third of the work force , in 1933 .
With declining production and widespread unemployment , the policy of maintaining wage levels was doomed .
Smaller companies began to cut wages first .
By the fall of 1931 , when the net income of the nation 's 550 largest industrial corporations had declined by 68 percent , United States Steel announced a 10 percent wage cut , and the rush to cut wages was on .
Those still working in the summer of 1932 suffered a drop in average weekly earnings from $ 25.03 to $ l6.73 .
Wage cuts were more severe in mining and manufacturing where unemployment was also worse and less severe among railroad workers , but the overall drop in wages , together with unemployment and the spread of part - time employment , meant that the income of the labor force had been cut in half , from $ 51 billion in 1929 to $ 26 billion in 1933 ( Raybeck , 321 ) .
During these first years of the depression , the distress produced by rapidly declining wages remained mainly within private spheres ; most workers bore the hardships quietly , perhaps made fearful by the masses of unemployed at the factory gates .
The reluctance of elites to acknowledge that much was amiss helped to turn distress inward , to keep the disorder of private lives from becoming a public issue .
But as business conditions worsened , as unemployment spread , and as local relief efforts broke down , that began to change .
By mid-1931 , the depression was being acknowledged , helping the grievances in private lives to acquire a public meaning and releasing public indignation .
In September 1931 , the American Legion announced that " the crisis could not be promptly and efficiently met by existing political methods . "
Theodore Bilbo told an interviewer : " Folks are restless .
Communism is gaining a foothold .
Right here in Mississippi , some people are about ready to lead a mob .
In fact , I 'm getting a little pink myself " ( Schlesinger , 1957 , 204-205 ) .
The Republican governor of Washington declared : " We cannot endure another winter of hardship such as we are now passing through " ( Rees , 224 ) .
Edward F. McGrady of the AFL told the Senate Subcommittee on Manu factures : " I say to you gentlemen , advisedly , that if something is not done . . . the doors of revolt in this country are going to be thrown open " ( Bernstein , 1970 , 354 ) .
Somewhat later , in February 1933 , Ernest T. Weir , Chairman of the National Steel Corporation , testified before the Senate Finance Committee : " Practically all the people have suffered severely and are worn out not only in their resources , but in their patience . "
John L. Lewis went further , pronouncing : " The political stability of the Republic is imperiled " ( Bernstein , 1971 , 15 ) .
Signs of a pending worker revolt began to appear as well .
Desperation strikes to resist wage cuts erupted among textile workers in Massachusetts , New Jersey , and Pennsylvania .
In Harlan County , miners revolted as bad conditions grew worse , precipitating a sniping war between guards and strikers that left several dead .
Similar out breaks accompanied by violence followed among miners in Arkansas , Ohio , Indiana , and West Virginia .
In April 1932 , 150,000 miners in southern Illinois went on strike , and by summer the coal - mining counties of southern Illinois had become a battleground between armies of miners and deputies as thousands of miners descended on the still - operating mines to shut them down .
In the summer of 1932 , after an outbreak of strikes by unorganized workers in the hosiery mills , Governor Max Gardner of North Carolina wrote a friend :
" This outburst at High Point and Thomasville was almost spontaneous and spread like the plague .
It only confirms my general feeling that the spirit of revolt is widespread .
. . .
This thing burst forth from the nervous tension of the people who have lost and lost and many of whom are now engaged in the battle for the bare necessities of life ( quoted in Bernstein , 1970 , 421-422 ) . "
That summer , hard - pressed farmers in North Dakota , Michigan , Indiana , Ohio , New York , and Tennessee armed themselves with clubs and pitchforks to prevent the delivery of farm products to towns where the prices paid frequently did not cover the costs of production .
These Outbreaks were dangerous portents .
Still , considering the scale of the calamity that had overtaken them , most workers had remained relatively quiescent .
Their first large - scale expression of discontent was to occur not in the streets , but at the polls , in the dramatic electoral realignment of 1932 when masses of urban working - class voters turned against the Republican Party to vote for a president of " the forgotten man . "
When Roosevelt took office in the spring of 1933 , the scale of the catastrophe was apparent to all .
Industrial production had sunk to a new low and , by the day of the inauguration , every bank in America had closed its doors .
Once in office , the new administration took the initiative , and there was little resistance from a stunned nation or a stunned Congress .
Clearly the election was a mandate to attempt recovery , but economic panic and the electoral upset gave Roosevelt a relatively free hand in fashioning his early legislation .
He proceeded to launch a series of measures , each to deal with a different facet of the breakdown , and each to Cultivate and solidify a different constituency : farmers and workers , bankers and businessmen .
Farmers got the Agricultural Adjustment Act , rewarding their half - century struggle for price supports , cheap credit , and inflated currency .
The unemployed got the Emergency Relief Act. Business and organized labor got the National Industrial Recovery Act ( NIRA ) .
For business , the NIRA meant the right to limit production and fix prices .
For working people , the NIRA included codes governing wages and hours , and the right to bargain collectively .
Those provisions were to have an unprecedented impact on the unorganized working people of the country , not so much for what they gave , as for what they promised .
The promises were not to be kept , at least not at first .
But that the federal government had made such promises at such a time gave a new spirit and righteousness , and a new direction , to the struggles of unorganized workers .
The Rise of Protest
Franklin Delano Roosevelt was no brinks man ; he was trying to build and conserve support wherever possible .
The NIRA was designed to promote economic recovery , and this purpose was as much political s economic , for continuing depression spelled continuing political disaffection and uncertainty .
Moreover the method for recovery was also political .
The NIRA created a mechanism by which industry could regulate production and prices without the constraints of antitrust legislation .
This was precisely what business leaders them .
selves had been asking for .
As early as November 1930 Bernard Baruch had called for modification of the antitrust laws and the abatement of " uneconomic competition " through business self - regulation under government supervision .
In October 1931 , the Committee on Continuity of Business and Employment of the Chamber of Commerce had endorsed proposals for industrial planning under government sanction .
Even the National Association of Manufacturers approved .
THE PROMISE OF THE NIRA
But while the NIRA was designed and implemented to conciliate business , it was not meant to offend anyone either and three passages were included to provide reassurance to organized labor .
Section 7 written in consultation with the American Federation of Labor , required that every industry code or agreement promulgated under the statute provide " that employees shall have the right to organize and bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing , and shall be free from the interference , restraint or coercion of employers . "
Business was by no means happy with this provision ; the National Association of Manufacturers and the Iron and Steel Institute made their opposition clear from the outset .
But the Chamber of Commerce took a different tack and privately agreed With the AFL on an exchange of support ( Bernstein , 1971 , 32 ) .
In other words , some business leaders were reluctantly prepared to allow the NIRA to proclaim " the right to organize and bargain collectively " in exchange for the very large concessions that business gained under the act .
In addition , labor was granted sections 7 ( b ) and ( c ) , providing for the regulation of minimum wages and maxi mum working hours ( to be fixed by collective bargaining agreements where these existed , and by industry codes where they did not ) , and prohibiting the employment of children .
There was in fact considerable precedent for the principles enunciated in the NIRA .
The desirability of collective bargaining had been endorsed by all twentieth century presidents of the United States ( Taft and Ross , 387 ) .
As early as 1900 , a collective bargaining arrangement was made between mine workers and owners in the bituminous coalfields , to be followed two years later by a similar agreement with the anthracite mine owners , under the prodding of their financier - backers and President Theodore Roosevelt ( Lescohier and Brandeis , xiv-xv ) .
The Railway Labor Act had provided similar protections to the Railway Brotherhoods in 1926 .
These earlier gains had , however , turned out to be ephemeral : collective bargaining in the coalfields did not last , and the Railway Labor Act turned out to be unenforceable in the face of resistance by the carriers .
But by the early 1930s , as unemployment rose and the destitution of the nation 's workers began to seep through to national consciousness , opportunities for more substantial and lasting reform of labor law seemed at hand : the Supreme Court handed down a decision that overturned decades of court opposition to unionism ; the Senate refused to confirm the appointment of John J. Parker to the Supreme Court because of his earlier support of yellow dog contracts ; the Norris - LaGuardia
Act was passed curbing the right of the courts to issue injunctions in labor disputes ,
The NIRA provisions seemed to complete these advances , and William Green , president of the American Federation of Labor , announced that millions of workers throughout the nation had received a " charter of industrial freedom " ( Raybeck , 328 ) .
But charters are one thing , practical support quite another , and there is no evidence at all that the Roosevelt Administration intended more than the charter .
" This is not a law to foment discord , " Roosevelt told the public ; it was rather the occasion " for mutual confidence and help " ( quoted in Bernstein , 1971 , 172 ) .
In the context of the dislocations of the depression , however , the charter not only fomented discord , it triggered an industrial war ,
THE SURGE TOWARD UNIONIZATION
Even before Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's inauguration , there were premonitions that sharp wage cuts and lengthening working hours would produce worker protests , as had often happened before .
The first signs were spreading strikes in the textile mills and the mines , industries that had been depressed throughout the 1920s and then slumped further with the onset of bad times .
It was , however , the inauguration of a president who promised to look to the forgotten man and the passage of legislation which promised to protect the forgotten industrial worker that gave the discontented an élan , a righteousness , that they had not had before .
The impact on workers was electrifying .
It was as if incipient struggles had now been crowned with an aura of what Rude called " natural justice . "
Felt grievances became public grievances ; for the federal government itself had declared the workers ' cause to be just .
There is , for example , the story of a group of workers at the Philco radio plant who organized a Walking , Hunting , and Fishing Club under the leadership of a twenty - one year old named James Carey , and then went to the president of Philco to demand a contract , insisting the NIRA had made collective bargaining a matter of national policy .
When the Philco official disagreed , the workers promptly climbed in a couple of old automobiles and went off to Washington , absolutely convinced they would be proven right .
In industries that had already been organized , somnolent unions sprang to life .
The ranks of the United Mine Workers had dwindled in the twenties as a result of the decade - long slump in the coal industry , and then were almost decimated by the depression .
After passage of NIRA , John L. Lewis , head of the mine workers , moved into action , committing the entire UMW treasury and one hundred organizers .
Sound trucks were dispatched into the coalfields blaring the message , " The President wants you to unionize . "
Bernstein quotes a UMW organizer in June 1933 : " These people have been so starved out that they are flocking into the Union by the thousands .
. . . I organized 9 Locals Tuesday " ( 1971 , 37 , 41 - 42 ) .
Within two months , UMW membership jumped from 60,000 to 300,000 ( Thomas Brooks , 163 ; Levinson , 20 - 21 ) , and paid - up memberships reached 528,685 in July 1934 ( Derber , 8 ) ; the International Ladies Garment Workers Union quadrupled its membership , reaching 200,000 in 1934 ( Derber , 9 ) ; the Amalgamated Clothing Workers , which had reported 7,000 dues - paying members at its low in 1932 , added 125,000 new members ( Bernstein , 1970 , 335 ) .
And the Oil Field , Gas Well and Refinery Workers Union , which in 1933 claimed only 300 members in an industry employing 275,000 , established 125 new locals by May 1934 ( Bernstein , 1971 , 109 - 111 ) .
In non-unionized industries " there was a virtual uprising of workers for union membership , " the executive council of the AFL reported to its 1934 convention ; " workers held mass meetings and sent word they wanted to be organized " ( Levinson , 52 ) .
The result was that almost two hundred local unions with 100,000 members sprang up in the automobile industry ; about 70,000 joined unions in the Akron rubber plants ; about 300,000 textile workers joined the United Textile Workers of America ; and an estimated 50,000 clamored to join the steel union , organizing themselves in lodges named for the promise : " New Deal , " " NRA , " or " Blue Eagle " ( Levinson , 51 - 78 ; Bernstein , 1971 , 92-94 ) .
Harvey O'Connor , a labor newspaperman and former Wobbly , tells how it happened in the steel mills :
" So in 1933 along came the New Deal , and then came the NRA , and the effect was electric all up and down those valleys .
The mills began reopening somewhat , and the steel workers read in the news papers about this NRA section 7 ( a ) that guaranteed you the right to organize .
That was true , and that 's about as far as it went ; you had the right to organize , but what happened after that was another matter .
All over the country steel union locals sprang up spontaneously .
These locals sprang up at Duquesne , Homestead and Braddock .
You name the mill town and there was a Local there , carrying a name like the ÔBlue Eagle " or the " New Deal " Local .
There was even an " FDR " Local , I think .
These people had never had any experience with unionism .
All they knew was that , by golly , the time had come when they could organize and the Government guaranteed them the right to organize ( Lynd , 1969 , 58 ) . "
But the guarantee was not to be kept .
Interestingly enough , the first obstacles were created by the existing unions themselves , for their role at this stage was virtually to destroy the surge toward unionism among the mass of unorganized industrial workers .
THE UNIONS IMPEDE UNIONIZATION
When the depression struck , the AFL was nearly half a century old .
It had been formed in the 1880s as a federation of national craft unions , and its dominant leaders ( aside from William Green , a former UMW official ) were the presidents of the large craft unions : Bill Hutcheson , boss of 300,000 carpenters , who had once hired strikebreakers to preserve his rule ; Dan Tobin , $ 20,000 - a- year president of the teamsters ; John Frey , aging head of the aging molders ; Matthew Woll , of the photoengravers .
The membership of the AFL reached a peak of about 5 million in 1920 , when the unions could claim to represent 17 percent of the American work force ( Mills , 53 ) , then fell off during the depression of 1921 , and stood still during the apparent prosperity of the twenties .
The oligarchs , their positions well - secured , were not much perturbed .
At the turn of the century the AFL had become closely allied with the National Civic Federation , representing the big financiers and businessmen who sought a " reasonable " cooperation of labor and capital .
During the l this rapprochement with industry became virtually complete .
Matthew Woll , an AFL vice - president , became the acting president of the National Civic Federation , and the AFL reversed its historic Opposition to scientific management , resolved that increases in wages Should be linked to increases in productivity , stressed union - management cooperation , and undertook a campaign to purge communist ' influences in its member unions .
Strike activities virtually ceased .
Meanwhile , the mass of industrial workers remained unorganized .
With the depression , however , union membership sank to a new low of 2,126,000 or about 9 percent of the work force , and at first the clamor of rank - and - file industrial workers begging for unionization seemed to arouse the enthusiasm of the AFL leadership president William Green described section 7 ( a ) as a " Magna Charta " for labor and boasted that membership would reach 10 million , and then 25 million .
The AFL slogan would be , he proclaimed , " Organize the Unorganized in the Mass Production Industries . "
But this was not to happen , and there were several reasons why .
One was the predominance in the AFL structure of the large craft unions , for whom jurisdictional preoccupations were paramount .
The workers , who , with good faith and enthusiasm , were rushing to join unions , were assigned to what were called federal locals in the AFL structure .
In the second half of 1933 , after the passage of the NIRA , the AFL received 1,205 applications for federal local charters and granted 1,006 ( Bernstein , 1971 , 355 ) .
In deference to the jurisdictional claims of the craft unions , these locals were considered temporary bodies , and were denied voting rights in AFL councils ( although the dues of the federal locals went far toward supporting the central AFL organs , for they were not siphoned off by the big affiliated unions ) .
Moreover , ostensibly because they were organized on a plant basis and not by craft , it was understood that the members of federal locals would ultimately be divided up among the craft unions who staked out their jurisdictional claims , some times splitting the newly organized workers in a factory among as many as fifteen or twenty different unions , with the result that they were hopelessly divided among competing organizations and in capable of action .
Whatever the difficulties it caused , the effort of the big craft unions to claim the new unionists for themselves was natural enough .
But even this was done half - heartedly ; to the oligarchs of the AFL , the new members spelled trouble .
These leaders maintained their preeminent on the basis of the members whose allegiance they claimed and on whose apathy they could count .
It was one thing to boast of organizing ten million of the unorganized , but quite another to welcome masses of unsettling newcomers either into existing organizations made secure by stasis , or even worse , into new and competitive unions within the AFL structure .
In October 1933 a convention of the AFL Metal Trades Department denounced the AFL leadership for chartering federal unions , asserting that " this condition , if allowed to continue , will completely demoralize , if not actually destroy , the various international unions ' charter and jurisdictional rights " ( Levinson , 54 ) .
Moreover , the oligarchs were accustomed not only to internal stability , but to external conciliation , and the signs of militancy among the unorganized suggested a mode of conflict that had become distasteful to many of the AFL leaders .
Bill Collins , an AFL representative , sent to win the auto workers to the AFL banner in the face of a trend toward independent unionism , told the auto manufacturers , " I never voted for a strike in my life " ( Fine , 69 ) .
Finally , there was the age - old contempt for the unskilled , which served to justify the organizational preoccupations of the AFL leadership .
Collins is said to have confided to Norman Thomas , " My wife can always tell from the smell of my clothes what breed of foreigners I 've been hanging out with " ( Levinson , 60 ) .
Tobin , leader of the teamsters , wrote during the crest of the NIRA agitations : " The scramble for admittance to the union is on .
We do not want to charter the riff - raff or good - for nothings , or those for whom we can not make wages or conditions .
. . .
We do not want the men today if they are going on strike tomorrow ( Levinson , 13 - 14 ) .
The actions of Michael F. Tighe , president of the Amalgamated Association of Iron , Steel , and Tin Workers , representing in 1933 some 50,000 skilled men in a steel industry employing some half million workers , are an example .
Tighe had helped to break the 1919 steel strike by signing an agreement for his handful of skilled Workers while the bulk of the steel workers were still out on strike .
Now , as men rushed to join his union , he seemed at first more confused than anything else , then condemned the walkouts by new unionists at two steel works , denounced a committee set up by the rank and file to organize strike machinery , and finally simply expelled 75 percent of his new members .
Meanwhile , to show his good intentions ,
Tighe sent a letter to the steel mill owners asking them to lend an ear to the workers asking for recognition , assuring them he had " only one purpose , that of advancing the interests of both employer and employee . "
The letter was not answered ( Levinson , 68 - 72 ) .
By the summer of 1935 , Tighe reported a total membership of 8,600 in the entire steel industry .
Similarly , the new rubber unions , concentrated in Akron , found their members divided between nineteen craft locals ( Schlesinger , 1958 , 355 ) .
Demoralized , their membership fell from a peak of about 70,000 in 1934 to 22,000 .
The ranks of the auto unions shrank from an estimated 100,000 to 20,000 , or 5 percent of the more than 400,000 workers in the industry .
The United Textile Workers of America , having reached a membership of 300,000 in the summer of 1934 , claimed only 79,200 members by August 1935 .
The Union of Mine , Mill , and Smelter Workers , a descendant of the militant Western Federation of Miners , had gained 49,000 recruits under a new young leadership .
With no AFL organizers in sight , they called a strike in May 1934 and 6,600 men walked out at the Anaconda Copper Mine Company in Butte and Great Falls .
The AFL Buildings and Metal Trades Department arrived on the scene and negotiated a settlement for 600 craftsmen , soon to be divided among sixteen craft unions , and the strike was scuttled ( Bernstein , 1971 , 106-109 ) .
By summer 1935 , membership in the Mine , Mill , and Smelter Workers was down to 14,000 ( Levinson , 78 ) .
After a debacle at the AFL convention in the fall of 1935 over the issue of the industrial unionism , John L. Lewis and several other union leaders withdrew to form the Committee for Industrial Organization , later to split with the AFL and declare itself the Congress of Industrial Organizations .
It included the small federal auto and rubber worker locals which had reluctantly been granted industrial charters by the AFL in 1934 , but charters so hedged in as to protect the claims of the craft unions and the authority of the AFL leader ship .
Like the AFL , the CIO leaders announced they would " encourage and promote organization of the workers in the mass - production and unorganized industries of the nation " ( Levinson , 119 ) .
What they would do , however , still remained to be seen .
Men and women had flocked to the unions , to the promise of labor power through organization .
They had handed over the high dues that the AFL demanded of its federal locals and then found themselves confused by the jurisdictional tangles their leaders imposed on them , and discouraged by the moderation and conciliation their leaders demanded of them .
At this stage , organization failed , and perhaps for that reason , the workers ' movement grew .
INDUSTRY RESISTS UNIONIZATION
Whatever the reluctance the AFL leadership showed in dealing with the mass of unorganized industrial workers , they at least applauded the promises the NIRA made to labor .
Employers took a different view .
They had allowed the promises to be made grudgingly , in return for the concessions that the NIRA provided to business , and they had no intention of seeing the promises fulfilled .
The less controversial of the legislative concessions to labor had been the provisions governing wages and hours but , since employers dominated the code authorities that fixed minimum wages and maxi mum hours for each industry , these provisions were also the more easily undermined in practice .
Some codes simply neglected to mention minimum wages .
Where the codes did specify wages and hours , particular manufacturers easily gained exemptions by pointing out the peculiar conditions obtaining in their industry or business , while others used the " stretch - out " to evade standards .
Nevertheless , there were some improvements overall after the passage of the legislation and the establishment of the National Recovery Administration ; average hours of labor per week declined from 43.3 to 37.8 , and average annual earnings in manufacturing , mining , and construction increased from $ 874 in 1933 to $ 1,068 in 1935 ( Raybeck , 332 ) .
From the outset industry had viewed section 7 ( a ) , which presumably gave workers the right to organize and bargain collectively , as the more serious threat , and industry leaders moved quickly to emasculate the provision .
Some corporations flatly prohibited unionization ; many more began to set up " employee representation " plane .
These plans , or company unions , had become popular in the 1920s and by 1928 an estimated 1.5 million workers were included ( Pelling , 146 ) .
But between 1933 and 1935 , new company plans proliferated .
As the demand for unionization escalated despite these devices , companies began to maintain blacklists and simply fired known union members by the thousands , despite the ostensible protections afforded by section 7 ( a ) and increasingly , in the face of the upsurge of worker militancy , employers resorted to the techniques of violence and espionage , to barbed - wire fences and sandbag fortifications , to well armed and well - financed " Citizen Associations , " to special deputies and the massive use of labor spies .
Subsequent testimony before a subcommittee of the Senate Committee on Education and Labor , chaired by Senator La Follette , indicated that American industry had hired 3,781 labor spies between 1933 - 1937 ( Raybeck , 344 ) ; the cost of anti-union agents in 1936 alone was put at $ 80 million ( Thomas Brooks , 164 ) .
If industry leaders were not satisfied with the compromises of the New Deal , neither were the rank and file of labor .
The right to organize and join a union had given the workers hope , and unleashed their discontent .
But unionization had so far been a failed cause , resisted by employers , fumbled by AFL leaders , and worn away in government procedures that led nowhere .
The number of unionized workers again plummeted to a historic low by 1935 , accounting for only 9.5 percent of the labor force ( Mills , 53 ) .
However , while union membership was falling , worker militancy was rising .
During the spring and summer of 1934 strikes spread and , as they escaped the control of established union leaders , became more unpredictable .
Three times as many workers struck in 1933 after NIRA as in 1932 ; the number of industrial disputes reported by the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics rose from 841 in 1932 to 1,695 in 1933 , and then to 1,856 in 1934 when a million and a half workers were involved in strikes ( Millis and Montgomery , 692 , 700-701 ) .
With employer resistance also mounting , many of the strikes culminated in large - scale battles .
The first of these was the " Battle of Toledo . "
Toledo had been devastated by the depression .
Its main plant was Willys - Overland , which produced 42,000 cars in March 1929 and employed 28,000 people .
In a matter of months , production was cut back ; by spring of 1932 , Willys employed only 3,000 people ( Keeran , 63 ) .
Meanwhile the auto parts industry in Toledo was also hard hit , with the result that unemployment in the city was high , and the wages of those still working were below the NIRA code minimum .
Early in 1934 , demands for union recognition at the Electric Auto - Lite Company and several smaller firms were rejected , and 4,000 workers walked out .
The workers returned to the plants after federal officials secured a commitment from the employers to " set up a machinery " for negotiations .
But Auto - Lite then refused to negotiate , and a second strike was called on April 11 .
Only a minority of the workers joined the walkout this time , however , and the company determined to keep its plant open , hiring strikebreakers to reach full production .
Toledo was a stronghold of A. J. Muste 's radical Unemployed Leagues , and the Musteites rapidly mobilized large numbers of unemployed workers to reinforce the picket lines .
On April 17 the company responded by obtaining a court order limiting picketing and prohibiting league members from picketing altogether .
But the Musteites decided to violate the restraining order , and some local Communists joined in with the slogan " Smash the Injunction by Mass Picketing " ( Keeran , 168 ) .
A handful of militants then began picketing .
They were quickly arrested , but upon their release , they returned to the picket lines , their numbers now enlarged by workers emboldened by the militants ' example .
More arrests and further court injunctions seemed to only galvanize the strikers , and the numbers of people on the picket lines grew larger day by day .
Sympathy for the strikers in Toledo was such that the sheriff could not use the local police to protect the strikebreakers and instead deputized special police , paid for by Auto - Lite .
By May 23 , the crowd massed outside the plant had grown to some 10,000 people , effectively imprisoning the 1,500 strikebreakers inside the factory .
The sheriff then decided to take the initiative , and the deputies attacked .
The crowd fought back , several people were seriously wounded , and a contingent of the Ohio National Guard was called in .
Armed with machine guns and bayoneted rifles , the Guardsmen marched into the Auto - Lite plant in the quiet of dawn and succeeded in evacuating the strikebreaking workers .
But the next day , the crowd gathered again , advanced on the Guardsmen , showering them with bricks and bottles .
On the third advance , the Guard fired into the crowd , killing two and wounding many more .
The crowd still did not disperse .
Four more companies of Guards men were called up , and Auto - Lite agreed to close the plant .
Then , with the threat of a general strike in the air , the employers finally agreed to federal mediation which resulted in a 22 percent wage increase and limited recognition for the union .
The next scene of battle was Minneapolis .
The city had always been a stronghold of the open shop , vigilantly enforced by an employers ' " Citizens ' Alliance " formed in 1908 to prevent unionization by means of stool pigeons , espionage , propaganda , and thugs .
During 1933 , when a third of the work force in Minneapolis was unemployed and the wages of those still working had been cut , a handful of local Trotskyist militants ; members of the Socialist Workers Party gained control of Teamsters Local 574 and began to sign workers up .
After an initial victory in the coal yards , the local began to organize the truck drivers and helpers .
But Minneapolis business men , alerted by worker agitation elsewhere in the country , were prepared for a showdown .
When Local 574 presented its demands to the trucking employers , the Citizens ' Alliance stepped in and promised to smash the strike .
The union 's demands were summarily rejected .
Mediation efforts by the Regional Labor Board were fruitless and , on May 15 , 1934 , the strike was on .
The alliance promptly swore in 155 " special officers , " prompting workers in Minneapolis to rally behind the truck drivers , many of them by going on strike them selves .
Both sides established military headquarters and armed their men .
Pickets roved through the city in bands , some on motorcycles , seeing to it that no trucks moved .
On May 21 , after the police threatened to move trucks , the first battle broke out between the two armies .
Thirty of the vastly outnumbered police were injured in the hand - to - hand fighting that ensued .
The next day , a crowd of 20,000 gathered , fighting broke out again , and two special deputies were killed , some fifty wounded .
With workers virtually in control of the city , and with the first families of Minneapolis in panic , the sense of impending class war grew .
At this point , Governor Olson managed to force a temporary truce .
Negotiations proceeded , but the ambiguously worded agreement which resulted soon broke down , and both sides again began preparations for battle .
After mediation efforts by federal representatives were rejected by the employers , who apparently hoped to force the Governor to bring in the National Guard to break the strike , the workers struck again .
At the next confrontation between the two camps , police wounded sixty - seven workers and killed two .
Governor
Olson then intervened in earnest , declaring martial law and raiding the headquarters of both camps .
The trucking employers finally accepted a federal plan that , within two years , led to collective bargaining agreements with 500 Minneapolis employers ( Bernstein , 1971 , 229-252 ; Schlesinger , 1958 , 385-389 ) .
Meanwhile , Daniel Tobin , international president of the Teamsters , had refused his Support to the workers , denouncing the strike leadership as " reds " ( Karsh and Garman , 99 ) .
In San Francisco , longshoremen encouraged by section 7 ( a ) were flocking into the International Longshoremen 's Association .
Their special grievance was the " shape - up " hiring system which left them at the mercy of the foremen , never able to count on a day 's work .
But the ILA leaders made no effort to challenge the shape - up , and a rank - and - file movement developed , led by a small caucus of Communists and other radicals , including Harry Bridges .
At a meeting in February 1934 the rank and file forced union officials to demand a union hiring hail or threaten to strike in two weeks .
Roosevelt had been warned that the waterfront bosses wanted a showdown , that any money they might lose in a dock strike would be more than worth it if the union was destroyed ( Schlesinger , 1958 , 390 ) .
A federal mediating team worked out a compromise that provided some degree of union recognition , but did not give the union control of the hiring hall .
Joseph Ryan , president of the ILA , accepted .
But local leaders , pressed by the rank and file , spurned the plan , and the strike was on .
Employers imported large numbers of strikebreakers , but rank - and - file teamsters refused to haul goods to and from the docks and some even joined the picket lines .
On May 10 the Communist - led Maritime Workers Industrial Union joined the strike , prodding AFL maritime unions to do the same , so that the strike soon spread to include most maritime workers ( Weinstein , 64 - 67 ) .
From the first day the police tried to break the strike by force , and the pickets fought back .
After forty - five days , the San Francisco business community decided that the port had to be opened and 700 policemen prepared to storm the picket lines .
When the battle was over , twenty - five people were hospitalized .
Several days later , on July 5 , the police again charged crowds of pickets who had gathered to stop strike breakers .
This time , 115 people were hospitalized , two strikers were killed , and 1,700 National Guardsmen marched into San Francisco to restore order .
The funeral procession for the slain strikers was transformed into an awesome political statement by the working people of San Francisco .
A writer who observed the occasion described it :
" In solid ranks , eight to ten abreast , thousands of strike sympathizers .
- Tramp - tramp - tramp .
No noise except that .
The band with its muffled drums and somber music .
. . .
On the marchers came - hour after hour - ten , twenty , thirty thousand of them .
. . .
A solid river of men and women who believed they had a grievance and who were expressing their resentment in this gigantic demonstration ( Charles C. Norris , quoted by Bernstein , 1971 , 281-282 ) . "
In the up - swell of anger and sympathy , the momentum for a general strike grew .
By July 12 some twenty unions had voted to strike , and Hugh Johnson announced a " civil war " in San Francisco .
But the strike folded after four days , undermined by the local AFL Central Labor Council that had been forced to take on the leader ship of a general strike of which it wanted no part .
Once the general strike collapsed , the longshoremen had no choice but to accept arbitration , with the result that hiring hails jointly operated by the union and employers were established .
In the interim William Green of the AFL had himself denounced the San Francisco general strike ( Brecher , 154 - 157 ) .
The textile strike that erupted across the nation in the summer of 1934 took on the character of a crusade as " flying squadrons " of men and women marched from one southern mill town to another , calling out the workers from the mills to join the strike .
By September , 375,000 textile workers were on strike .
Employers imported armed guards who , together with the National Guard , kept the mills open in Alabama , Mississippi , Georgia , and the Carolinas ( Bernstein , 1971 , 298-311 ) .
Before it was over , the head of a local union in Alabama had been shot , his aides beaten ; Governor Talmadge of Georgia declared martial law and set up a detention camp for an estimated 2,000 strikers ; fifteen strikers were killed , six of them when the sheriff 's deputies clashed with a flying squadron in Honea Path , South Carolina ; riots broke out in Rhode Island , Connecticut , and Massachusetts and National Guardsmen were on duty across New England ; and the trade journal Fibre and Fabric pontificated that " a few hundred funerals will have a quieting influence . "
During that same summer , deputies killed two strikers and injured thirty others when the Kohier Company in the " model " company town of Kohler Village , Wisconsin , refused to bargain with the union ( Taft and Ross , 352 ) .
All in all , a minimum of fifteen strikers were killed in 1933 , and at least forty more were killed in 1934 .
In a period of eighteen months , troops had been called out in sixteen states ( Levinson , 56 - 57 ) .
The State on the Horns of the Industrial Dilemma
As worker demands escalated , industry resistance escalated to match , and each side repeatedly called on federal authorities to mediate .
At first , the policy of conciliating business prevailed , but conciliation grew more and more difficult as workers became more militant .
The automobile industry is an example .
Before the NIRA went into effect , there was virtually no union organization among automobile workers .
After the NIRA , workers joined the AFL federal locals , independent unions began to appear , and a series of strikes broke out in the summer of 1933 .
Meanwhile , the National Industrial Recovery Administration had , as in other industries , ceded the initiative in formulating automobile codes to the owners of the industry .
The National Automobile Chamber of Commerce in effect became the auto industry code authority ( Levinson , 57 ) .
The wages and hours code which auto industrialists submitted and which the president signed called for hourly rates ranging between forty - one and forty - three cents and a work week ranging from thirty - five to forty - eight hours , but labor leaders claimed those standards were widely violated .
The provision designed by the industry to demonstrate observance of section 7 ( a ) came to be known as the " merit clause . "
It specified that " employers in this industry may exercise their right to select , retain , or advance employees on the basis of individual merit , without regard to their membership or non-membership in any organization " ( Levinson , 57 - 58 ) .
Under this clause companies began to discharge unionists in the fall of 1933 .
At the same time General Motors rushed through a series of company union elections and announced that it would not recognize or enter into a contract with any independent union on behalf of its employees .
Each time the code was extended in December 1933 , in September 1934 , and in February 1935 labor leaders protested vehemently , but to little avail , excepting that the president appointed a labor advisory board and also ordered a survey of wages and unemployment in the automobile industry .
Agitation among the auto workers continued .
In March 1934 , when workers in several GM plants were threatening to strike , President Roosevelt called industry and labor representatives to a meeting at the White House .
The resulting peace agreement established the principle of proportional representation .
Employees in a plant would be divided among company unions and various independent unions for collective bargaining purposes .
Roosevelt called the plan " the framework for a new structure of industrial relations " ; the president of General Motors , Alfred P. Sloan , said , " All 's well that ends well " ; and William Green concurred , heralding a labor Victory .
But experience suggested that it was a plan for dividing Workers against each other .
The New York Times correspondent wrote that " organized labor 's drive for a greater equality of bargaining power with industry has been nullified . "
Similar stratagems were followed in the textile industry .
Codes governing wages and hours were undermined by stretch outs that greatly increased the workload .
Despite the supposed protections of Section 7 ( a ) , thousands of unionists were fired , and the Cotton National Textile Industrial Relations Board disposed of worker Complaints simply by referring them to the industry 's Textile Institute .
Meanwhile the NRA sanctioned an industry - wide cut in production which reduced employment and wages still further .
The inevitable strike was temporarily averted when the NRA promised a survey and a seat on the Textile Board for the United Textile Workers .
When the strike finally erupted in the summer of 1934 the president intervened by appointing a new Textile Labor Relations Board to study workloads in the industry , while the Department of Labor would survey wages , and the Federal Trade Commission would assess the capacity of the industry to increase hours and employment ( Brecher , 176 ) .
United Textile Workers leaders called off the walk out , claiming a victory .
The strikers returned to the mills only to find that thousands of their numbers were barred from reemployment and evicted from their company houses by the mill owners .
In the steel industry , the National Labor Board , pressed by strikes in Weirton and Clairton , finally ordered an , employee election but the employers refused to abide by the order .
When handed the case , the Department of Justice refused to act .
Later , when the companies were laying in supplies of tear gas , bullets , and sub machine guns to defend against unionists , rank and filers went to Washington to see the president , who was away on a cruise .
This time the workers rejected the offer of the NRA chief , General Hugh Johnson ( who proposed the appointment of a board to hear their grievances ) , and instead wrote the president that they thought it " useless to waste any more time in Washington on the " National Run Around ' " ( Levinson , 70 ) .
But while the federal government was conciliating businessmen through this period , it was also showing an unprecedented concern and restraint in dealing with labor .
" To an extraordinary extent at this time , " writes Bernstein , " the laboring people of the United States looked to the federal government and especially to Roosevelt for leadership and comfort " ( 1971 , 170 ) .
In the uncertain climate of the time , however , labor support could not simply be taken for granted .
Accordingly , Roosevelt attempted to appease demands by workers ; even the unfilled promises and evasive studies of the NRA were an effort at appeasement and a sharp contrast with the court injunctions and federal troops of an earlier era .
As complaints from labor leaders over violations of 7 ( a ) became more bitter , the National Labor Board was established to settle employer - worker disputes .
Senator Robert F. Wagner , an ally of labor , was appointed chairman and the NLB became an advocate of the right to organize and of the principle of collective bargaining .
Despite some initial successes , the NLB lacked legal authority and could do nothing when employers simply defied it , as happened in several major cases in late 1933 .
In February 1934 the NLB , which had been authorized mainly to hold discussions , was empowered to conduct employee elections and , later in 1934 , a resolution sponsored by Wagner led to the reorganization of the board into the National Labor Relations Board .
None of these changes proved very effective in the face of employer resistance , particularly since the Department of Justice showed considerable reluctance to prosecute cases referred to it by the board .
Even in election cases , where the NLRB had clear authority , employers delayed compliance and stalled in the courts .
By March 1935 none of the cases referred to the Department of Justice had resulted in a judgment ( Bernstein , 1971 , 320-322 ) .
But with industrial war escalating , the policies of conciliating business while placating labor could not last .
The administration could not ignore the battles that were raging between industry and labor , if only because industrial peace was essential for recovery .
And once entangled , it could not take sides without alienating one camp or the other .
When strikes and riots broke out in the coal mines con trolled by the steel companies ( known as the " captive " mines ) in the summer of 1933 , Hugh Johnson forced a settlement to which Lewis agreed but which the miners themselves rejected .
The steel industry and the UMW were soon locked in conflict , the New York Times reported 100,000 miners on strike , and negotiations under the auspices of the NRA were leading nowhere .
With coke stocks dangerously low , the steel executives finally insisted on the president 's intervention .
But whatever they expected from this intervention , the resulting agreement hardly pleased them .
In fact , none of the corporations abided by its terms until the disputes were referred to the NLB , with the result that a " modified collective bargaining agreement was reached in many of the captive mines ( Bernstein , 1971 , 49 - 61 ) .
Nor could the administration stay aloof from the battles of 1934 in Toledo , Minneapolis , and San Francisco , in which the business Community was stiffly opposed to worker demands , and to federal proposals for settlement .
Once involved , federal arbitrators , faced with unprecedented labor uprisings , did not side with the workers , but they did not side with employers either .
That was enough to prove the undoing of the policy of business conciliation .
Although most businessmen had supported Hoover in 1932 , at least some prominent leaders among them had endorsed Roosevelt , and others quickly joined when Roosevelt reopened the banks , cut government spending , and legalized beer within a month of taking office .
As for the NIRA , the U. S. Chamber of Commerce itself had endorsed " the philosophy of a planned economy " before the election , and in 1933 its delegates gave Roosevelt a standing Ovation .
Mean while , at least partly thanks to the privileges granted industry under the NIRA codes , overall business conditions were improving .
By the spring of 1934 the index of industrial production had picked up sharply , particularly in industries covered by the codes .
Industry leaders regained their confidence and , as they did , became increasingly disgruntled with the turmoil set in motion in their own house by the New Deal labor policy .
Just prior to the congressional elections of 1934 a group of major business leaders , including Alfred P. Sloan and William S. Knudsen of General Motors , Edward F. Hut ton and Colby M. Chester of General Foods , J. Howard Pew of Sun Oil , Sewell L. Avery of Montgomery Ward , and the DuPonts , joined with several political leaders who had been dethroned by the New Deal to form the American Liberty League , an organization dedicated to protecting property rights from the " radicalism " of the New Deal ( Schlesinger , 1958 , 486 ) .
Roosevelt 's policy of conciliation notwithstanding , business had thrown down the gauntlet .
But the election of 1934 was a New Deal sweep , bringing the Democratic margin to 45 in the Senate , and to 219 in the House , " the most overwhelming victory , " the New York Times declared , " in the history of American politics . "
The State Concedes to Labor Power
At this stage , implacable business opposition made the administration far more responsive to demands from other groups in its constituency .
The New Deal brain - truster Raymond Moley wrote recently of Roosevelt :
" No man was less bound by ideology in approaching national problems .
The strategy he adopted some time in 1935 , devised with the collaboration of Edward J. Flynn , was to gather into the Democratic Party many minorities , including the labor unions , through policies calculated to win the urban masses , while he held the farmers in line with cash benefits ( 559 ) . "
Roosevelt and his advisors had originally thought of labor concessions primarily in terms of unemployment relief and insurance , old age pensions , and wages and hours protections ( Bernstein , 1971 , 11 ) .
But rank - and - file agitation set new terms , and the terms would have to be met if labor was to be kept in line .
FEDERAL RESPONSE : THE WAGNER ACT
By 1935 , with worker - employer battles mounting , it was clear that conciliation had failed .
The administration had lost business support and , if worker demands went unappeased , it stood in danger of losing some labor support as well .
In the spring of 1935 the NIRA and the president were being denounced by all sides .
" Labor 's public enemy Number One is Franklin D. Roosevelt , " said Heywood Broun .
The Supreme Court brought matters to a head on May 27 , 1935 , for it declared the NIRA unconstitutional , thus scuttling the New Deal 's chief economic program .
With even that protection gone , unemployment increased , wages dropped , and hours lengthened ( Raybeck , 341 ) .
And the election of 1936 was on the horizon .
In the spring of 1934 Senator Robert Wagner had introduced a bill to establish a new labor relations board that , unlike its predecessors , would have enforcement machinery .
The board would be authorized to hold employee elections , to prohibit employers from engaging in practices to coerce or restrain employees and to require employers to negotiate with the designated representatives of a majority of the workers in any bargaining unit .
The bill gave the board the power to issue cease and desist orders , with recourse to the circuit courts in cases of noncompliance .
Businessmen rose up in protest and Wagner found few supporters for his measure in Congress .
The president also refused his support , opting instead for Public Resolution No. 44 , which established the National Labor Relations Board .
As Edelman says of Roosevelt :
" He invariably failed to support labor legislation actively until he was convinced it had adequate political support , and he some times sabotaged pro-labor policies already declared to be the law because of strong business pressure .
. . .
Always fairly sure the country would follow him on relief and recovery measures , he vacillated longest on long - range reform , for business and the middle class were most hostile here .
Because he deliberately cultivated contacts with the whole gamut of group interests , he knew better than his predecessors what was politically expedient and what timing was indicated ( 182 ) . "
A year later the timing was right , and labor agitation had helped make it so .
When Wagner introduced a revised version of the bill that was to become the National Labor Relations Act , the measure found ready support .
Since labor 's right to organize had long been upheld in principle , proponents of the bill had little difficulty finding arguments , adding only that the bill was important as a means of achieving economic balance by preserving purchasing power , and as a bulwark against communism .
With few exceptions , the business community continued to be vehement in its opposition , and the National Association of Manufacturers mobilized one of its largest campaigns to defeat the measure .
The Commercial and Financial Chronicle called it " one of the most objectionable , as well as one of the most revolutionary , pieces of legislation ever presented to Congress " ( Schlesinger , 1958 , 404 ) .
The AFL remained aloof , as did the administration ; Secretary of Labor Perkins , the only administration representative to testify , was ambivalent ( Bernstein , 1971 , 331 ) .
On May 2 , 1935 , the Senate Labor Committee reported unanimously in favor of the bill ; the vote in the Senate was 63 to 12 .
Several weeks later , it passed the House by an overwhelming 132 to 42 .
Roosevelt , who until this time had kept silent , finally came out in favor of the bill and signed it on July 5 , 1935 .
But the fight was not over .
Two weeks after the bill became law , the American Liberty League published a brief signed by fifty eight lawyers declaring the Wagner Act unconstitutional .
Industry then acted on the assumption that the law need not be obeyed and U. S. Steel , General Motors , and Goodyear Tire and Rubber rushed to the federal courts where they got injunctions that tied the hands of the new National Labor Relations Board ; by June 30 , 1936 , the board was involved in eighty - three such suits ( Bernstein , 1971 , 646 ) .
Moreover , there was reason to think employers would be vindicated by the Supreme Court .
During 1935 and 1936 the Court had nullified other major elements of the New Deal program , including the National Industrial Recovery Act .
In 1936 the Court struck down the Guffey - Snyder Act , which laid down procedures for the coal industry very much like those of the Wagner Act.
American industry had grounds for optimism .
INDUSTRY'S RESISTANCE IS OVERCOME
American workers , however , were also optimistic .
The passage of the Wagner Act , at a time when working conditions were worsening after the temporary recovery of 1934 , only reaffirmed for them the jus of their struggle and their sense that victories could be won .
Congress had acted despite the threats and importuning of the leading industrialists of the nation .
Moreover the defeat of many of those same industrialists in the election of 1934 was repeated in the election of 1936 when , despite the vigorous opposition of business interests , the New Deal won an overwhelming sweep .
Workers probably understood that for the moment , at least , business had lost control of the state .
Consequently , labor militancy surged in 1936 and 1937 , especially in the mass production industries .
The number of strikes continued to rise : 2,014 in 1935 ; 2,172 in 1936 , and 4,740 in 1937 .
And more than half of the strikes were over the demand for union recognition under the terms laid out in the Wagner Act ( Millis and Montgomery , 692 , 701 ) .
The first big strike after the Wagner Act occurred in Akron .
The background for the strike was familiar .
Akron was a one - industry town where employment had fallen by half after the stock market crash .
By the spring of 1933 many of the rubber companies had shut down , Goodyear was on a two - day week , the main bank had failed , and the city was broke , laying off many of its own employees ( Bernstein , 1971 , 98-99 ) .
Then came section 7 ( a ) , setting the rubber Workers in motion .
Federal locals were formed , and some forty to fifty thousand workers joined up , all of whom AFL leaders tried to parcel out among the international craft unions .
At the end of 1934 the NLRB ordered elections in the Goodyear and Firestone plants , but the companies went to court and the issue was delayed indefinitely ( Brecher , 179 ) .
The workers were pressing for a strike , but their union leaders signed a federally mediated agreement to await the outcome of the court action and Goodyear announced that the agreement made " no change in employee relations since the provisions are in complete accord with the policies under which Goodyear has always operated " ( Brecher , 180 ) .
Discouraged by AFL and government maneuverings , men dropped out of the union .
But the workers ' discontent did not dwindle , especially when in November 1935 , and again in January 1936 , Goodyear Tire and Rubber cut wages .
Then , on February 10 , the company laid off a large number of men without giving the usual notice .
A few nights later , 137 workers , hardly any of them union members , shut off the power and sat down .
Local Rubber Worker Union officials persuaded the sit - downers to leave , but 1,500 Goodyear workers met and voted to strike ( Brecher , 183 - 184 ) .
The word went out , workers began to gather in the bitter cold and by morning the eleven - mile perimeter of the Goodyear plant was circled by pickets .
Few of the ten to fifteen thousand who struck were members of the union , but the factory was at a standstill .
Meanwhile , the picketers were digging in , building over 300 shanties for protection against the winter winds , from which they flew American flags , again named for the promise : " Camp Roosevelt , " " Camp John L. Lewis , " " Camp Senator Wagner . "
Goodyear succeeded in getting a sweeping injunction against mass picketing from the common pleas court in Summit County , but the injunction was not enforced .
When the sheriff threatened to open the plant with a force of 150 deputies , thousands of workers armed with clubs and sticks massed before the gates and the deputies with drew .
Later the rumor spread that a " Law and Order League " would attack the picket lines , but the rubber workers armed again , and the threat never materialized .
Goodyear then turned to Governor Davey for troops , but a state election was approaching , popular sentiment in Akron was with the strikers , and the Akron Central Labor Union declared there would be a general strike if force was used .
The governor agreed there was no justification for calling out the militia .
At the end of February Assistant Secretary of Labor McGrady arrived on the scene to mediate .
He recommended that the strikers return to work and submit the issues to arbitration .
Some 4,000 workers met at the armory and jeered the proposal down , singing Out " No , no , a thousand times no " ( Bernstein , 1971 , 595 ) .
In the fourth week of the strike Goodyear Tire and Rubber agreed to a settlement that granted reinstatement of the discharged employees , reduction of the work week , and recognition of union shop committees ( Levirison , 143 - 146 ; Thomas Brooks , l81-182 ) .
The next outbreak was in the automobile industry , in the giant industrial empire of General Motors , controlled by the DuPonts and J. P. Morgan .
GM had always stood firmly and successfully against unionism , partly by virtue of an elaborate program of " welfare capitalism " inaugurated during the upsurge of union activity following World War I .
With the onset of the Great Depression , the welfare programs eroded , and after 1933 GM relied more on a vast spy network in its plants to discourage union activities .
According to the La Follette Committee , GM was the best customer of the labor spy agencies , and its expenditure for espionage rose as unionization activities increased ( Fine , 37 ) , totaling at least a million dollars between January 1934 and June 1936 ( Walsh , 109 ) .
But if labor spies made the men fearful , they also made them angry , given the temper of the times .
There were other grievances as well .
Hourly wages in the auto industry were relatively high , but employment was extremely irregular , and workers suffered from severe economic insecurity .
Between September 1933 and September 1934 , for example , fully 40 percent of GM workers were employed less than twenty - nine weeks , and 60 percent earned less than $ 1,000 .
Workers were even more incensed over the speed - ups and model changeovers which exhausted them and which , they felt , meant the company was getting more profits for less work ( Fine , 55 - 61 ) .
1933 spontaneous strikes began to spread in the industry .
John Anderson , a rank - and - file leader of the time , gives an account of such - walkout :
" Briggs Manufacturing Company hired me as a metal finisher at 52 cents an hour , but they failed to pay me at that rate .
The first week I got 45 cents an hour .
The second week our rate was cut to 40 cents an hour , and the third week it was cut to 35 cents .
These wage cuts were enough to provoke the men to strike .
After being called to work on Sunday , they walked out at noon without telling the foreman .
On Monday we went to work again , and before starting work we told the foreman : " We want to know what out - wages are .
We were hired at 52 cents an hour , and we 're being paid 35 cents . "
The foreman said : " You see that line out there of men looking for jobs ?
If you fellows do n't want to work , get your clothes and clear out .
There are plenty of men who will take your jobs . "
" This statement provoked the men into walking out as a body , not as individuals .
They had no organization ; they had no one to speak for them .
There were several hundred of them milling around in the street wondering what to do .
. . .
I got on a car fender and suggested we demand the 52 cents an hour promised on our hiring slips .
. . .
I was blacklisted as a result of the strike . . . [ I learned that as a result of the strike the wages of metal finishers had been raised to 60 cents art hour ( Lynd , 1969 , 62 -63 ) . "
After the passage of section 7 ( a ) , auto workers had begun to join unions .
Many of them had joined the AFL federal union ( later to become the United Automobile Workers and to affiliate with the CIO ) .
But , under the constraining effects of AFL policies and government conciliation of the auto industry , total union member ship had rapidly declined , to only 5 percent of the workers in the industry by early 1935 .
Still , unionized or not , with the passage of the Wagner Act , the landslide New Deal victory in the election of 1936 , and the successes of the rubber workers in Akron , the auto workers ' courage rose and ferment increased .
By the fall and winter of 1936 each minor offense by management fell like whiplashes on aggrieved men chafing for action .
There is the story , for example , of an early sit - down in Flint that was triggered when a union man who protested a firing was led through the plant by a foreman , apparently to be discharged .
As he walked the length of the belt - line , his face communicated the message , and every worker turned from the moving row of auto bodies until 700 men were idle .
The company rehired the discharged man before work was resumed ( Levinson , 175 ) .
Brief walkouts and sit - downs at the Chrysler Corporation , at the Bendix plant in South Bend , and at the Midland Steel and the Kelsey - Hayes plants in Detroit ended with some degree of union recognition .
In this mood , the struggle with General Motors was bound to come .
Although the fledgling United Automobile Workers , by now affiliated with the CIO , had assigned Wyndham Mortimer , a Communist rank - and - file leader from Cleveland , to begin an organizing campaign in Flint some months earlier , the GM strike actually began relatively spontaneously , erupting in different places at about thee same time .
Several outbreaks at the Atlanta GM plant culminated in a strike on November 18 , 1936 , when the rumor spread that management intended to lay off several men for wearing union buttons .
A few weeks later the workers at a GM Chevrolet plant in Kansas City walked out after the management had allegedly dismissed a man for violating a company rule against jumping over the line .
On December 28 a small group of workers sat down on the line in the GM Fisher Body plant in Cleveland , and 7,000 people stopped working .
Then , on December 30 , about 50 workers sat down in the Fisher Body plant in Flint , presumably because of a management decision to transfer three inspectors who had refused to quit the union .
That night the workers in a second and larger body plant in Flint also sat down on the line , and the Flint sit - down strike was on at a time when the union could claim as members only a small minority of Flint workers .
The strike spread to other cities .
Sit - downers took over the GM Fleetwood and Cadillac plants in Detroit , and a lamp factory in Indiana ; walkout strikes were called in St. Louis , Janesville , Norwood , Kansas City , and Toledo .
By January 1 , 1937 , 112,000 of GM 's production workers were idle .
Flint , the main battleground of the strike , was the center of the GM empire , and a GM town .
The corporation controlled about 80 percent of the jobs .
GM 's upper crust was the town 's upper crust and most of the political officials were former GM employees or stockholders .
Accordingly , when company guards tried to bar the strike supporters from delivering food to the men inside the plant , they were quickly reinforced by Flint police and a battle ensued .
The police used tear gas and guns , the strikers returned their fire with streams of water from GM fire hoses , and with automobile hinges , bottles , and rocks .
About two dozen strikers and policemen were injured in what came to be known as the " Battle of the Running Bulls . "
The disorder precipitated the intervention of the Governor of Michigan , Frank Murphy , who had been elected to office in the Roosevelt landslide of the previous November .
He had received the endorsement of the entire Michigan labor movement , although he was also on close terms with auto industry executives , and was later revealed to have substantial GM holdings ( Brecher , 200 ) .
Governor Murphy sent word to GM officials not to deny food or heat to the strikers in the interest of public health , and arrived on the scene with about 2,000 National Guardsmen who , however , were instructed not to take sides .
The governor then assumed the role of peace maker , prevailing on the UAW leaders and General Motors officials to negotiate .
But the negotiations proved futile , the workers evacuated three minor plants only to discover that GM had also agreed to negotiate with the Flint Alliance , a citizens ' vigilante organization dominated by the corporation .
By mid-January , Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins was importuning GM executives to meet with union representatives .
The corporation was losing about $ 2 million a day in sales , but it nevertheless held fast , refusing to meet with the union until the plants were vacated .
On January 27 GM announced that it intended to resume production , and went to court for an injunction against the sit - downers .
The strikers responded by occupying yet another plant in a dramatically covert maneuver , leading President Roosevelt to phone John L. Lewis with the message that he backed a plan calling for GM recognition of UAW for one month .
Lewis is said to have replied , " My people tell me it 's got to be six months , " and the sit - down continued .
On February 2 the Court acted .
The order handed down by Judge Paul Gadola instructed the workers to leave the plants at three o'clock on February 3 , and pressure was mounting on the governor to clear the plants by force .
But worker pressure was mounting as well .
On the evening of February 2 the strikers in one of the occupied plants sent a message to the governor .
Their words virtually exulted in their sense of righteousness ; the burden of violence was on the opposition :
" We have carried on a stay - in strike for over a month in order to make General Motors Corporation obey the law and engage in collective bargaining .
. . .
Unarmed as we are , the introduction of militia , sheriffs , or police with murderous weapons will mean a blood bath of unarmed workers .
. . .
We have decided to stay in the plant .
We have no illusions about the sacrifices which this decision will entail .
We fully expect that if a violent effort is made to oust us , many of us will be killed , and we take this means of making it known to our wives , to our children , to the people of Michigan that if this result follows from the attempt to eject us , you are the one who must be held responsible for our deaths ( Levinson , 164 - 165 ) . "
The spirit of the message from the sit - down strikers was the spirit of many workers outside the plants as well .
On the morning of February 3 , as the Guardsmen set up their machine guns and howitzers , the roads to Flint were jammed with thousands of trucks and automobiles , supporters of the strikers from surrounding cities who had come to join the picket lines .
Rubber workers came from Akron ; auto workers from Lansing , Toledo , and Pontiac ; Walter Reuther brought several hundred men from his West Side local in Detroit ; Workers came from the Kelsey - Hayes plant in Detroit carrying a banner : " Kelsey - Hayes never forgets their friends . "
As the hour of the court order approached , a procession of perhaps 10,000 workers , led by Women 's Emergency Brigades carrying an American flag , circled the menaced plant .
The marchers carried clubs and sticks , lengths of pipe , and clothes trees for the battle they expected .
Thus the deadline passed .
The crisis had reached the point where the White House was compelled to intervene in seriousness .
At Roosevelt 's request , and coaxed by the Secretary of Labor , corporation executives met with CIO and auto union leaders , and in the agreement that resulted , the union won a six - month period of what amounted to exclusive recognition in the seventeen plants closed by strikes .
A similar sequence of events occurred in the Chrysler plants only a few short weeks after the GM strike was settled .
( The overwhelming majority of Chrysler workers had voted in favor of an " employee representation " plan only two years earlier . )
When discussions between Chrysler and UAW leaders bogged down , 60,000 workers struck ; two - thirds of them by sitting down in Chrysler factories .
The strikers held the plants for thirty days , defending their occupation with massive picketing .
An attempt by the local sheriff to en force a court order for evacuation of the plants was responded to by 30,000 to 50,000 massed strikers who encircled the plants .
An agreement was finally signed with Chrysler early in April .
Within a year , the UAW claimed 350,000 members ( Walsh , 126-133 ) .
Steel workers were also in motion .
Wages in steel had fallen sharply from a weekly average of $ 32.60 in 1929 , to $ 13.20 in 1932 , for those lucky enough to work at all ( Walsh , 60 ) .
The industry had dealt with worker demands during 1933 - 1934 by incorporating fully 90 percent of the 500,000 steel workers into " employee representation plans " or company unions ( Robert Brooks , 79 ) .
Ironically , it was these company unions that became the first vehicles for collective action .
A steel worker tells the story :
" Well , we got interested in the union . . . because the steel mill people came into the mill around 1933 and handed us a piece of paper .
We looked at it , and it was called " An Employee Representation Plan . " . . .
I looked at this paper as a young lad and said this thing could never work , because it said right at the outset that there would be five members from management to sit on a committee and five members from the union - the company union to sit on the committee .
I asked who settled the tie , and of course I found out the management did .
. . .
We tried to disband the company union , and we formed what we called the Associated Employees .
This was just workers like myself attempting to do something by way of getting into a legitimate union .
. . .
One day we read in the newspapers that they were trying to do the same thing down in Pittsburgh ( Lynd , 1969 , 55 - 57 ) . "
Signs of restlessness within the company union structure became clear early in 1935 when employee representatives in the Pittsburgh and Chicago area plants began agitating for wage increases , an issue that was not considered to be within the jurisdiction of the employee representation plans , or even of the individual plant managers , who claimed that wages were a matter of overall corporation policy .
As a result , company union representatives from different plants began to meet together to consider joint actions ( Brooks , Robert , 85 - 89 ) .
In January 1936 thirteen out of twenty - five employee representatives in the Gary , Indiana , plant of Carnegie - Illinois Steel formed a union lodge .
In Pittsburgh ( where workers were especially angry about a 10 percent check - off being taken from their wages by Carnegie Illinois as repayment for relief baskets ) some twenty - five employee representatives met to set up a Pittsburgh central council to make district - wide demands on wages and hours issues through the company unions .
By the summer of 1936 , rank - and - file unrest was bubbling up in spontaneous walkouts .
In the mood of the time , any grievance could become a trigger , as in the incident Jessie Reese recounts at the Youngstown Sheet and Tube mills :
" They fired our foreman , a nice fellow , and they brought over a slave driver from Gary .
A white fellow told us he was an organizer for the Ku Klux Klan and said : " You all going to stand for that guy to come in here ? "
So I went down to the operators of the pickles and said : " Shut the pickles down . "
And they shut them down .
I went over to see Long , the foreman , and I said : " Long , you lost your job . . . give me five minutes and we 'll make them tell you where your job 's at I drove over to the hot strip where the white fellows were rolling hot steel , and I said : " Hey , fellows , just stop a minute rolling that steel .
We 're shutting down over there .
We 're fighting for ten cents an hour and our foreman back on the job . "
( It would look foolish fighting for your foreman and not for yourself . )
And they said : " Oh , you got it organized ? "
And I said , " Yes , we shut it down .
Look over there , we'r
Two 10 - year - old boys have been charged with rape .
The Metropolitan Police said that following advice from the Crown Prosecution Service , each boy faces two counts of attacking a girl .
They were arrested after the alleged victim said she had been assaulted while playing in a park in October .
The pair , who cannot be named for legal reasons , appeared at Uxbridge Magistrates ' Court earlier .
They have been bailed until 28 January .
Car sales and output pass the 12 million mark in China
The government has a number of measures in place to lift car sales Chinese car sales and production both exceeded 12 million between January and November , state media has said .
The China Association of Automobile Manufacturers expects car sales and output to top 13 million for the full year , the Xinhua News Agency reported .
China has never produced more than 10 million cars in one year before .
State incentives have boosted car sales , and the government has reiterated its plans to continue economic stimulus measures next year .
World leader Despite the downturn and falling sales at most global carmakers , demand for cars in China is booming .
ANALYSIS By Jorn Madslien , Business reporter , BBC News China 's car sales have soared this year , aided by tax cuts and other incentives aimed at promoting low - emission cars .
Sales in China are set to storm ahead next year too - though the growth rate is set to slip back to a more measured 10 - 15 % from 40 - 50 % growth in 2009 .
Rapid growth at home has helped create large Chinese companies , which are now eyeing the world .
A notable demonstration of this came late last week when Shanghai General Motors said it is not only expanding into India .
In addition , Shanghai Automotive Industries ( SAIC ) has taken majority control of the venture , with its partner GM taking a back seat .
For established carmakers in the West , China will not only offer millions of new customers in the years ahead , but also fierce competition both on their home turf and in emerging car markets .
China eyes global car sales
In November alone , sales reached 1.35 million units , according to the preliminary figures .
The country 's largest carmaker , Shanghai Automotive Industry , sold 2.44 million cars in the year to the end of November , a rise of more than 50 % compared with the same period a year earlier , Xinhua said .
State incentives , such as tax cuts on small cars , have boosted sales in China .
Like many other governments around the world , China has also introduced subsidies to trade in older vehicles .
Previously , only the US and Japan had produced 10 million cars in a single year .
Domestic Chinese car sales overtook those in the US for the first time in December of last year .
Domestic demand
The government said it would continue to stimulate the economy after its annual economic policy meeting on Monday , Xinhua reported .
" We must maintain the continuity and stability of our macro economic policy , " said Beijing .
The government also reiterated its plans to introduce measures to persuade Chinese consumers to spend more .
China is an export - led economy and the government wants domestic demand to contribute more to overall economic activity .
" While seeking to expand domestic demand , we must especially lay importance on increasing consumer demand of the people , " said the government .
There had been concerns that the government may look to clamp down on rising property and share prices by cutting back on stimulus measures .
Leading Chinese shares rose slightly on the news that the measures would stay in place .
The Shanghai Composite index rose by 15 points , or 0.5 % , to 3,331.9 .
" The outcome of the meeting certainly has bolstered the market .
It resolved investors ' uncertainties , " said Yu Haifeng , at Debon Securities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Very tired .
More things here later .
Enjoying Dresden Codak ?
Become a Patron Today !
He added : " Everyone was waiting for that correction , and the way gold recovered suggested there was a lot of buying lurking in the wings ( among ) people who missed the opportunity to get into the market in the first place . "
Professionals and amateur gamblers may not have an equal bankroll or the same amount of skill , but they do generally have one thing in common :
They both revel in the thought of winning a life - changing amount of money by placing an extravagant casino bet .
And who could possibly blame them ?
I personally think it ’s a dream that most of us have had at one point or another , especially if you frequently enjoy hitting up the casino to play Blackjack online , Slots or any other game of choice .
Below we take you through the top 5 most outrageous casino bets in the history of casino gambling to help inspire you , entertain you and let your imagination run wild .
Top Vegas Bets
5 . The Largest Novelty Casino Bet in History
Nowadays , you can bet on basically anything that tickles your fancy - who is going to win American Idol , when life on Mars will be discovered , who will be the next president , literally anything you can imagine .
And while these so called novelty bets can be very entertaining , very few , if any , professional gamblers are long - term novelty - bet winners .
However , in 1989 an unknown Welshman walked in to his local bookie and wagered £ 30 on a number of events to happen before the year 2000 .
These were his forecasts and the odds :
Singer Cliff Richards being knighted : 4 to 1
The Irish pop band U2 remaining as a group : 3 to 1
The soap opera Eastenders still being aired on BBC : 5 to 1
Neighbours still being shown on British TV : 5 to 1
Home and Away still being an active TV show : 8 to 1
The odds for all of this to happen were 6,479 to 1 , and a couple of days into the new millennium , this lucky Welshman walked down to the local Ladbokes and cashed in £ 194,400 - the largest novelty bet in history .
Utterly astounding , no ?
4. Ashley Revell Bets Everything on One Spin
Another person to make it on our list of biggest casino bets in history is none other than Ashley Revel .
His story is rather interesting .
In 2004 , the young Brit decided to get rid of everything he owned .
He sold his car , stereo , TV , bicycle and even his clothes .
Then he emptied his bank account and his poker bankroll .
Altogether he managed to scrape together $ 135,300 .
And what to do when you have a bit over 100 grand ?
Well , as most of us would , Revell travelled to Las Vegas to bet it all on one Roulette spin .
Below you can see what happened .
Biggest Roulette Bet
Yes ladies and gentlemen , he bet it on a single bet on red and won .
In fact , he walked out of the the Plaza Hotel & Casino where he was playing Roulette with a cool $ 270,600 .
Not bad , huh ?
The momentous occasion was filmed by Sky One as a reality mini-series called ‘ Double or Nothing ’ and it was due to this large life - changing win that Revell was dubbed a professional gambler .
Yet , I strongly believe that Revell had Lady Luck ’s hand on his shoulder throughout the entire course of the bet .
Mr. Revell later took on another gamble when he set up an online poker company called Poker UTD .
The company later went out of business in 2012 .
He now owns his own iGaming Recruitment agency website which helps prospective candidates find jobs in the online gambling industry .
3. Johnny Moss Takes on a Fist Fight Bet
Poker Legend Jonny
Moss , who is regarded to be the first ever winner of the World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) Main Event , was once standing in a bar talking to a man who claimed that he had never lost a fight in his life .
Moss got a proposition from his friends that if he could knock the man out he would get 15 to 1 on his money .
It seemed like fair deal .
The bet was on and Moss threw a punch at the self - claimed fighting expert .
Naturally it did n't work .
All Moss got was a few broken bones and a trip to the hospital .
However , when he came out of the infirmary he did n't regret his decision : " 15 to 1 was too good to pass up , " Moss said .
2. Turning a Social Security Check into $ 1 Million With the Biggest Blackjack Bet
In 1995 , a less fortunate Las Vegas resident went down to the social security office to cash in a $ 400 check .
His wife had just kicked him out of the house and life was n't looking too bright .
So rather than sitting on a bench outside feeling all glum , what did the man do ?
Well , he cashed the check and headed straight for the Treasure Island Casino in Sin City to play Blackjack of course .
According to people that were at the casino that faithful day the man smelled so bad that nobody wanted to be near him , but luckily the cards do n't care about odor .
Thanks to his unconventional strategy - he did n't follow the basic blackjack strategy whatsoever - he managed to win $ 1 million .
Now one would think that this is one of those rags to riches stories you here about in the media .
Sadly , it ’s not .
What could have been a turning point in this man 's life , ended up being the entire opposite .
Unfortunately , the man did n’t stop there .
He kept on playing .
And as we all know if you keep on playing the casino always wins in the long run .
Basically to cut the long story short , in the end the poor Las Vegas Resident remained poor and ended up leaving Treasure Island Casino with an empty wallet .
1. William Lee Bergstrom Bets it All - The Biggest Bet Ever Placed in a Casino
Casino owner , Benny Binion revolutionized gambling in Las Vegas .
Before him , casinos just accepted " small " bets and wanted to slowly but steadily capture every player 's bankroll .
Binion , on the other hand , let his visitors ' first bet be their only limit .
If you wanted to bet $ 100,000 on your first Blackjack hand that was totally fine , but you could n't raise the stakes later in the session .
This was something William Lee Bergstrom wanted to take advantage of .
So on a day in the mid-1980s , Austin - born William Lee Bergstrom walked into Binion 's Horseshoe Casino with a suitcase containing $ 777,000 ( the rough equivalent of $ 2.31 million dollars today ) .
The man , who later became known as The Suitcase Man , went over to the Craps table and bet it all on the Don't Pass Line .
He won the bet and this was the starting point of an amazing hot streak .
Bergstrom came back a while later and doubled a $ 590,000 wager , and later a $ 190,000 bet and lastly he won another $ 90,000 .
Everybody there saw that this was a player playing the rush .
Unfortunately , as many casino gamblers throughout history know , the man did n’t know when to stop .
One day he stood in the lobby again - now with a suitcase containing one million dollar .
He bet the money and lost .
The streak was definitely over .
Three months later he decided to raise the stakes once again .
Bergstrom wagered what he had left in a game of Russian Roulette .
He lost .
The winning streak was over and he was left with nothing as a result .
Placing The Biggest Bets Ever : To Risk it All or Not to Risk it All ?
That is the Question
Feel inspired or just craving a great time at the casino after reading our article ?
Go on and place a casino bet at an online casino .
But do n't be foolish and bet it all at one go .
Play the smart way and you might just make it in the online casino player 's hall of fame .
It seems the only place people are n't shouting about the Dec. 8 swearing in of new Asheville City Council member Cecil Bothwell is Asheville .
Blogs , including one on the Washington Post 's Web site , have lit up about the " controversy " over Bothwell , a " post - theist " who earlier identified as an atheist , taking his seat .
The controversy began with Asheville Citizen - Times stories on Dec. 7 and 8 .
The latter was titled , " Critics of Cecil Bothwell Cite N.C. Bar to Atheists . "
It quoted only one opponent , H.K. Edgerton , a former president of the Asheville NAACP best known locally for walking around town brandishing a Confederate flag , as saying that the state constitution would keep Bothwell , a builder , author and former Xpress writer and editor , from holding office .
While article 6 , section 8 of the North Carolina Constitution does deny office to " any person who shall deny the being of Almighty God , " such state bans have been routinely trumped by Article VI of the U.S. Constitution , which explicitly prohibits any religious tests for public office .
A similar ban in Maryland was ruled unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court back in 1961 .
Since the articles came out , the proverbial Internet floodgates have opened , with national blogs from across the political spectrum weighing in , including such varied groups , publications and media outlets as The Huffington Post , Americans United For Separation of Church and State , Hot Air , Thought Crimes , Atheist News and Views , One Good Move , the Baptist Joint Committee for Religious Liberty and the interestingly named House of Zot.
USAtheists even declared that Bothwell was denied his seat , which he was n't .
For all the hubbub elsewhere , Bothwell , who came in third in the November election , took his seat in City Hall Dec. 8 without event , choosing to affirm his oath of office instead of swear on a copy of the Bible .
No one shouted or tried to seriously challenge his right to do so , and he got an enthusiastic round of applause .
Besides , says Bothwell , he does n't really consider himself an " avowed atheist , " as the original article tagged him .
" That word 's become loaded .
It carries a sense of being evangelical about your atheism .
In that sense , I 'm more agnostic , " Bothwell tells Xpress .
" I prefer the term ' post - theist . '
The key issue here is that there is no religious test for public office . "
" I 'm definitely surprised :
It 's right on the verge of being created news , " he says about the Internet reaction .
" The way the Citizen - Times has presented it — talking about ' critics ' when they only quote one person , for example — they really seem to be trying to stir up the blogosphere . "
As for the characterization of Bothwell as an atheist , that too has its roots online : A now - defunct MySpace page for his 2008 county commissioner campaign listed him as an atheist .
As for Edgerton , he 's listed in most of the blog posts simply as " a former president of the Asheville NAACP . "
While that 's true , Edgerton is better known around Asheville for the Confederate - flag waving and his support for the so - called Southern Heritage movement .
A Senate Democratic Chief of Staff chimes in …
There is a lot of misplaced anger coming from many of our fellow progressives about Senate Democrats ( which often is just shortened to “ The Democrats ” ) inability to pass a robust healthcare reform bill , climate change , etc .
However , I believe it ’s worth reminding folks that –as long as the Republican Senators hold together–we have to hold EVERY single Democratic Senator , including folks like Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson , which is usually impossible unless the legislation in question gets substantially watered down .
So , what we might end up with is a Senate Democratic Caucus that holds 98 % of its members but still fails to pass healthcare reform , AND a mob of angry progressives who are screaming for the heads of “ the Democrats . ”
This is n’t fair , but more importantly , it ’s self - defeating .
If progressives REALLY want to transform America , they ’ll make an issue of the anti-democratic rules of the Senate which make real change virtually impossible .
Blasting their elected Democratic officials , the vast majority of whom will vote for the Senate bill ( and would also support a more robust public option if we did n’t need 60 votes to achieve cloture ) , may make folks feel good , but is both short - sighted and stupid .
Confirming what many New Orleanians already knew in their hearts , a federal judge ruled late Wednesday that the Army Corps of Engineers – and thus the US government – is liable for a big chunk of the damage caused when hurricane Katrina pushed ashore on Aug. 29 , 2005 .
The landmark ruling awards $ 719,000 to four plaintiffs from the city 's Lower Ninth Ward and neighboring St. Bernard Parish who filed suit in 2006 .
The only such liability suit to actually reach a courtroom , the so - called " Mr. Go " ruling ( after a shipping channel in the area ) opens the floodgates for a raft of new litigation from as many as 100,000 other residents .
More important , the ruling – which called the Army Corps " myopic " in its maintenance of the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet canal ( aka Mr. Go ) – now puts pressure on President Obama to help the region settle claims that could reach into the billions of dollars .
( Without a court judgment , the Bush administration had refused calls for a settlement . )
At the beginning of the trial this summer , US District Court Judge Stanwood Duval asked , " You all know what this is about : ...
What did the Corps know , when did it know it , and when should it have known ? "
He answered in a 158 - page ruling late Wednesday .
" It is the court 's opinion that the negligence of the corps , in this instance by failing to maintain the MR - GO properly , was not policy , but insouciance , myopia , and shortsightedness , " he wrote .
During testimony this summer , veteran Louisiana geologist Sherwood Gagliano , a former Corps consultant , testified that the Corps ' failure to stop the natural widening of the canal caused it to eventually bump up against the shore of Lake Borgne , on the city 's east side .
During the hurricane , that breach allowed waves on Lake Borgne to enter the Mr. Go and travel into the east side of the city , battering the levees to a degree to which they were not designed .
The 76 - mile- long Mr. Go was built in 1965 as a shortcut from New Orleans to the Gulf of Mexico .
It was closed to ship traffic this year .
" One of the greatest catastrophes in the history of the US " was both predictable and preventable , Mr. Gagliano testified .
Judge Duval had refused lawsuits placing blame on the city 's Corps - designed levees , saying that in the case of storm protection systems the government has sovereign immunity .
But because the Mr. Go is a navigation canal , not a storm - protection system , Duval allowed this case to proceed .
The government , for its part , took the " act of God " defense , arguing that the magnitude of the storm alone caused the flooding of New Orleans , the deaths of more than 700 residents , and $ 90 billion of damage across the region .
Its ultimate point : Katrina was such a massive event that no remedial action on the Corps ' part would have prevented the flooding .
The Corps of Engineers made no comment about Duval 's ruling Wednesday but is expected to appeal .
" The government 's primary defense is that what we did , it did not cause this , and if it did n't cause it , there is no liability , " Mark Davis , a professor at Tulane University Law School , told the Monitor this summer .
But for New Orleanians like Lorraine Washington , the trial and the outcome are about much more than money and finding closure to an event that has come to define the Big Easy .
It 's about , she said this summer , being made whole again .
Much of the Lower Ninth Ward , which took the brunt of the levee breaches caused by the Mr. Go , remains to this day scrubby open space , because many residents have been unable or unwilling to rebuild .
" Do n't call this a natural disaster .
It 's a man-made disaster , and everyone in New Orleans knows that , " New Orleans screenwriter John Biguenet said recently .
----
Floating house could ride New Orleans ’ floods
Five things New Orleans wants from Obama
What Katrina has wrought four years later
----
Follow us on Twitter .
November 27 , 2009 BBC World
DUBLIN , Ireland —
Police officers , government officials and bishops of the Catholic church in Ireland have been harshly censured in a report on clerical child abuse over three decades in the Archdiocese of Dublin .
Coming just a few months after an equally harsh report on the ill - treatment of children in Church - run industrial schools , the latest revelations have shocked Catholics and non-Catholics alike throughout the island .
An official commission investigated 320 allegations against a sample of 46 out of 183 priests from 1975 to 2004 .
It found that several cardinals and bishops protected criminal priests while taking no action to protect children .
Responding to the report , Ireland ’s Justice Minister Dermot Ahern said that “ the era where evil people could do so under the cover of the cloth , facilitated and shielded from the consequences by their authorities , while the lives of children were ruined with such cruelty , is over for good . ”
He added : “ The bottom line is this : A collar will protect no criminal . ”
In one of the most telling comments , the religious affairs correspondent of Irish national broadcaster RTE said on the main evening news that the report “ represents the failure of civil Ireland , in the independent republic of Ireland , to stand up to the royalty of Ireland , the Catholic Church . ”
Deference to the clergy in this once devoutly Catholic country caused the police to conclude that the crimes of the Catholic Church were outside their remit .
Multiple law enforcement sources tell TMZ Tiger Woods ' early morning accident came right after an argument with his wife , Elin Nordegren
We 're told Elin told cops about the argument at the scene of the accident and Tiger gave the same story to authorities at the hospital where he was treated .
One Florida law enforcement official called it " a domestic issue . "
Elin apparently was able to forgive and forget -- according to Windermere Police Chief Daniel Saylor , Nordegren smashed out the back window of Tiger 's car to help get him out .
UPDATE --
We 're told the Florida Highway Patrol went to Tiger 's house this afternoon to talk to him about the accident -- but they were turned away by his wife , who said he was sleeping .
The FHP plans to try and talk to Woods again tomorrow .
A British woman has lost her appeal against a ban on her noisy sex sessions , after a court heard how her marathon romps that kept neighbours awake sounded like someone being murdered .
Caroline and Steve Cartwright 's " howling " lovemaking sounded " unnatural " , " hysterical " and " like they are both in considerable pain " , Newcastle Crown Court in north - east England heard .
A 10 - minute recording of their sex sessions was played in court , which also heard how she tried covering her face with a pillow to muffle her cries of passion .
Neighbours at their home in Washington , County Durham , south of Newcastle , complained about the noise - as did passers - by and the postman .
The couple were banned from " shouting , screaming or vocalisation at such a level as to be a statutory nuisance " , but Mrs Cartwright , 48 , appealed under human rights laws against her conviction for breaching the ban .
Two International Energy Agency whistleblowers have come forward with startling claims about the world ’s supply of crude oil , according to a report published Tuesday .
“ We have [ already ] entered the ‘ peak oil ’ zone , ” an unnamed former IEA official told British newspaper The Guardian .
“ I think that the situation is really bad . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A second whistleblower reportedly claimed that the IEA ’s current figures are inflated due to pressure from the United States and a pervasive fear that the announcement of falling oil output in the future could cause markets to respond with panic .
The claims come on the same day the IEA plans to publish its annual “ World Energy Outlook ” report for 2009 .
“ Many inside the organisation believe that maintaining oil supplies at even 90 m to 95 m barrels a day would be impossible but there are fears that panic could spread on the financial markets if the figures were brought down further , ” one of the IEA sources reportedly told the paper .
“ And the Americans fear the end of oil supremacy because it would threaten their power over access to oil resources . ”
The agency reported in its 2008 World Energy Outlook that a field - by - field analysis of production trends revealed “ that decline rates are likely to rise significantly in the long term , from an average of 6.7 % today to 8.6 % in 2030 . ”
The whistleblowers see things differently .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The IEA in 2005 was predicting oil supplies could rise as high as 120 m barrels a day by 2030 although it was forced to reduce this gradually to 116 m and then 105 m last year , ” one of the sources claimed .
“ The 120 m figure always was nonsense but even today ’s number is much higher than can be justified and the IEA knows this . ”
In a 2008 interview with Fatih Birol , chief economist at the IEA , Guardian environment writer George Monbiot reported that the IEA had expected peak oil output to be reached in a decade or two .
“ In terms of non-Opec [ countries outside the big oil producers ’ cartel ] , ” Birol reportedly said , “ we are expecting that in three , four years ’ time the production of conventional oil will come to a plateau , and start to decline .
In terms of the global picture , assuming that Opec will invest in a timely manner , global conventional oil can still continue , but we still expect that it will come around 2020 to a plateau as well , which is , of course , not good news from a global - oil - supply point of view . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The 2008 World Energy Outlook suggested peak oil would be reached in 2030 .
The prediction that peak oil production was approaching in 2020 was enough to “ scare the pants off ” Monbiot , considering the predicted implications of a global energy crunch in just over a decade .
However , if the allegations by The Guardian ‘s whistleblowers are indeed true and peak oil has been reached , dark days loom for the global economy .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to The Wall Street Journal , the agency is not expected to announce the arrival at such a dramatic conclusion .
Instead , the 2009 report due out Tuesday will predict slower growth in demand for oil , the Journal reported .
Reuters added : “ While the Paris - based IEA has repeatedly warned that a lack of investment could lead to a strain on supply , it maintains that there is enough oil in the ground . ”
Pepsi says the decision to drop Tiger Focus was made months ago Soft drink brand Gatorade says it is to drop a Tiger Woods - endorsed product but said it was not related to revelations about the golfer 's private life .
PepsiCo - owned Gatorade said the decision to axe the Tiger Focus drink was made a few months ago .
Since the 14 - times major winner crashed his car on 27 November , many women have claimed to have had affairs with Woods .
There are also reports that adverts featuring Woods have vanished from US prime - time broadcast and cable TV .
We decided several months ago to discontinue Gatorade Tiger Focus along with some other products to make room for our planned series of innovative products in 2010
PepsiCo statement
Woods ' mother - in - law returns home According to data from US media research firm Nielsen , the last prime - time advert featuring the 33 - year - old golfer was a 30 - second Gillette item on 29 November .
That commercial was broadcast eight times during November , Nielsen spokesman Aaron Lewis said .
Woods ' other sponsors include consultancy firm Accenture .
He is reported to be the first sports star to be worth more than $ 1bn .
Nike has been Woods ' biggest sponsor since the start of his career , signing its first contract with him as long ago as 1996 .
' Mentally tough '
He signed a five - year deal with Gatorade in 2007 for an estimated $ 100 m ( £ 61.7 m ) .
" We decided several months ago to discontinue Gatorade Tiger Focus along with some other products to make room for our planned series of innovative products in 2010 , " said PepsiCo in a statement .
The marketing of Gatorade is closely linked to sports .
Other athletes it sponsors include former basketball player Michael Jordan and sprinter Usain Bolt .
Gatorade Tiger Focus was launched as a sports drink aimed at athletes .
Gatorade 's website describes Gatorade Tiger Focus to be a drink " designed with athletes in mind , helping them to be as mentally tough as they are physically " .
The decision to drop the drink was first reported by soft - drinks ' industry newsletter , Beverage Digest , on 25 November - two days before Woods crashed his car and sparked off the chain of events which continues to feature in the global media .
Tiger Force was launched in March 2008 , and according to Beverage Digest the Woods - backed drink represented less than 5 % of Gatorade 's volume .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
December 6 . Just spent a week in Mexico .
I 've heard some buzz about Americans moving there to flee hard times , and I wonder if they know something I do n't , or if I know something they do n't : the Mexican nation - state is collapsing , and it seems likely to get awfully hot .
We were staying in La Paz , a city of 200,000 in southern Baja California .
If you want to roll the dice on global cooling , you could hardly find a better combination of warm temperatures , empty beaches , low prices , and nice people .
If you 're looking for a smaller town , check out Todos Santos on the other side of the peninsula , and for something more cosmopolitan , I 'm told that Guadalajara has a large and thriving gringo expatriate community .
While I was down there I read David Holmgren 's book Future Scenarios , and he makes a good point about one advantage Mexicans have over Americans : they 're a lot more mentally adaptable .
His example is that hardly anyone who owns a house in Mexico has insurance , because they 're not afraid to lose everything and start over .
Of course , that resiliency is something we can all work on .
Just in a week , I met four different American couples who had sold most of their stuff and gone permanently on the road , or the waves .
Most impressive were two women from Oregon , both over 60 , who are living on a 35 foot sailboat .
Also , the Baja California climate gave me a better appreciation of permaculture .
On my own land , the difference between good and bad management is not that great .
Even if I do everything wrong , bushes and trees will eventually grow .
But down there , the difference is orders of magnitude .
They have warmth and sunlight all year , but because of bad soil and long dry spells , the main plants are cacti , and big patches of ground are lifeless .
Just building topsoil and keeping it moist would make any plot of land incredibly productive .
And yet , the normal practice is to rake up piles of brush and burn them .
If they just made one big pile and threw some water on it , it would turn into great topsoil , which they could then use to grow more biomass , and get a topsoil - building feedback loop .
December 8 . Destroyed US town a model of eco-living as it rebuilds .
Greensburg Kansas was 95 % destroyed by a tornado , and is rebuilding with rainwater harvesting , LED streetlights , and wind and geothermal energy .
I know this is still industrial - green , but it 's a big step in the right direction .
Maybe in 20 years , some destroyed town will rebuild with rocket heating stoves and food forests .
December 14 .
It 's said that climate change can enable a global government by uniting all of humanity against a common enemy .
But climate change is not an enemy .
If it were , right wingers would believe in it .
December 21 .
New post from Anne , Rick Santorum , Sarah Palin and the End of Modernist Epistemology .
Basically , thanks to the internet , authority has been eliminated as a basis for belief , and not just opinion beliefs but fact beliefs .
Now you can go online and find an authority supporting any fact you want .
The result is that our mental models are now determined by only two things : what we want to believe , and direct personal experience .
Where I see this going is that global consciousness will continue to fragment into what Anne calls information tribes , and these tribes will go through a kind of natural selection : the ones that are the best at seeking out relevant personal experience and adapting to it , will thrive , and the ones that are the best at blocking personal experience that contradicts their beliefs , will suffer .
December 23 - 24 .
One of the most potentially valuable new technologies is something I learned about in Anna Wise 's book The High Performance Mind .
There are great subtle benefits to getting your mind in a meditative state , but it 's extremely difficult -- you might practice for thousands of hours over many years before you get it right .
Back in the 1970's , a scientist named Max Cade discovered how different human mental states correlate with different frequencies of brainwaves , and he invented a biofeedback device called the Mind Mirror .
The idea is , it shows you the levels of the key frequencies in real time , so you can learn much more quickly to move between different mental states .
More than 30 years later , the Mind Mirror still costs thousands of dollars , but I found this : the OpenEEG project , and here 's a photo gallery of a homemade model .
Adam comments :
I 've done a bunch of research on the Mind Mirror and OpenEEG over the past several years , including interviewing one of the original MM engineers .
I looked into building a cheap EEG system ... however , it's on the edge of being commercially viable , and I came to the conclusion that if I waited a few years , the technology would catch up and let me focus on software instead of hardware .
Recently Emotiv dropped its prices a lot .
$ 1250 gets you a developer headset and a software development kit that gives you raw access to EEG data .
The protocols are closed , so you can't write open source software for it , and it does n't use active electrodes , so you have to use saline dampened pads .
But it has 16 channels , so it has a lot more detail .
There 's also this one from Brainquiry .
It uses active electrodes and has open protocols for accessing raw EEG data .
To make a Mind Mirror , all you really need is the 2 channel model .
I am thinking that in another year or so , I will either get the Brainquiry , or there will be another low - cost EEG .
We should see inexpensive , multi-active - electrode , open EEG headsets in the next few years from other manufacturers .
The problem I had with OpenEEG is that it is n't wireless -- and I did n't want to hook my brain up to a hand - built system that is connected to 115V power .
December 28 .
Suppose you 're a rock climber and someone says , " Why go to all that trouble ?
Here 's a ladder . "
Or :
Why bother solving a crossword puzzle when you can just look up the answer ?
Why ride a bicycle across the continent when you can just get on a plane ?
Why learn to make something with your own hands when you can just buy one made by somebody else ?
It comes down to the meaning of life .
If you 're here to accomplish things , then you might as well just sit in a box pushing buttons .
If you 're here to explore and learn , then the long road might be more valuable than the short road .
And if you 're here to have a good time , then what are you doing on such an awful road that you 're in a hurry to get to the end ?
Another issue is how and when technologies make us weaker .
One thing we can ask , when considering a tool , is whether it focuses our native strength , like a knife or a pencil or a biofeedback machine , or whether it does the work for us , like an engine or a calculator or a wire in your brain .
Generally , machines that do physical work make us physically weaker , and machines that do mental work make us mentally weaker ... so what 's going to happen when machines do spiritual work ?
A more profound question is : " Does the presence of this thing make me stronger in its absence ? "
That 's what a good teacher does , and oddly , it 's what a crutch does , unlike a metaphorical " crutch " .
If your leg is broken , a crutch lets you walk around and keep the rest of your body in shape until the leg heals .
And if you 're building a permaculture seed community to survive the collapse of industrial civilization , you can use a truck or a backhoe to strengthen your position for a world without engines .
What if a technology makes us stronger in its presence and weaker in its absence , and we go ahead and use it anyway ?
Then we are making a lifelong alliance with that technology , and that means both our individual lives and the life of the human species .
In either context , if we ever break the alliance and give up or lose the technology , then we will have to pay back all the benefits .
Our primitive ancestors made alliances with fire , stone tools , and clothing .
Our more recent ancestors did it with metal tools , grain farming , machinery , electricity , the automobile , and most ominously , economic growth .
In our own lifetime we 've become dependent on computers -- although some uses of computers do make us stronger in their absence , like sharing information about biosand filters and rocket mass heaters .
I do n't think our permanent alliances are limited to the ones we made tens of thousands of years ago .
But it 's going to be interesting to see which modern technologies can break free of their debts to the extractive economy .
December 29 - 30 .
On a tangent to yesterday 's post , Jeff mentions Robert Nozick 's " experience machine " :
If you were given the opportunity to hook up to a machine that would be guaranteed to let you experience absolutely anything you could ask for , and that would be completely indistinguishable from the real experience , but you had to commit to it for life , would you do it ?
In other words , if the only difference between reality and the machine is the abstract notion that one is " authentic , " does that authenticity have value on its own ?
Before I answer that , I 'd like a non-circular definition of " authentic " .
From a 2001 interview between Derrick Jensen and Martín Prechtel , here 's a great bit about how some languages do n't have the verb to be :
In a culture with the verb to be , one is always concerned with identity .
To determine who you are , you must also determine who you are not .
In a culture based on belonging , however , you must bond with others .
You are defined by where you stand and whom you stand with .
The verb to be also reduces a language , taking away its adornment and beauty .
But the language becomes more efficient .
The verb to be is very efficient .
It allows you to build things .
Suppose " real " , like " to be " , is nothing but an artifact of language .
" Real " is a tool we use to favor or exclude certain experiences , ideas , or directions of inquiry .
It has no non-circular definition , and no consistent meaning .
We call things " authentic " and " inauthentic " for all kinds of reasons , and what we 're saying is :
You shall respect this or disrespect it ; you shall take this path or avoid it ; you shall integrate this into your mental models or ignore it .
" Real " is a shortcut , making language more efficient at the expense of understanding .
I do n't know if there are any cultures without the concept , but I would very much like to live in one , because everyone in that culture would have to be more intellectually rigorous than anyone in this culture .
For example , we could no longer reject Nozick 's experience machine for being less authentic .
But we could reject it for being less shared : we would prefer to live in a world with other people than to be alone .
We could reject it because it 's nested within this world , when we would prefer to explore the world in which this world is nested .
We could reject it because we do n't want to get everything we ask for -- if you 've ever played a video game with a good cheat mode , you know that omnipotence gets boring in ten minutes .
I 've said that our whole civilization is an artificial world , but if I 'm not allowed to say that , I have to think harder , and say something like this : the path of civilization ( as we know it ) has been to impose our will upon our environment , instead of working with it on equal terms .
This has severed our connections to the wider world that we came from , and crippled our understanding of it .
More and more of our relations are with a maladapted and unsustainable sub-world , and we are now so deep in it that any other way of living seems impossible .
This leads to a practical question from Andy : " How do you have a shared experience in a world where people are either hypnotized by consumer culture or pre-occupied with their own physical and / or emotional survival ? "
Or , how do you climb out of a world by making connections , if everyone around you is even deeper in that world ?
One answer is to connect to something other than humans : spend an hour watching the clouds or examining a tree .
Another answer is , sometimes you get out by going deeper in , by meditating or reading books or even playing video games -- but you have to choose them carefully .
Any sub - world must justify itself in terms of a world that contains it .
Or , if you go into a dungeon , you 'd better bring out a treasure .
January 3 - 4 . Baker / thatcher brings back ancient grains that can be used for both baking and thatching .
Anne comments :
Research into good thatching wheat varieties continued into the fifties and sixties .
Of the last good developments , Maris Widgeon and Maris Hunter are still available commercially -- I bought a few grams of Maris Widgeon seed from Bountiful Gardens and replanted out to a fairly good - sized patch .
KUSA seeds might also have something .
The chokepoint for thatching is n't a good wheat varietal , its finding a reaper - binder that can harvest the field without crushing the stalks ( ruining the waterproofing ability of the resulting roof ) .
January 4 .
Here 's a remarkable reader project , the illuminated thread .
Brett is between the second and third stages of a giant bike ride all over the country , on which he makes videos , records himself whistling in water towers , does parkour in ruins , and repeatedly gets in trouble with the authorities for photographing active and abandoned industrial sites .
January 9 .
In Olympia I gave a talk and attended an Awakening the Dreamer symposium , and I kept noticing one issue :
When affluent Americans ask " what can I do " , they mean , " What can I do to save the whole world ?
What can I do to turn industrial capitalism around in its tracks , to halt species extinction and reverse arctic melting , to feed all the starving people without further increasing the population , to transform human consciousness and witness a global utopia in my lifetime ? "
My answer is , you can't do shit .
And I 'm a woo - woo optimist .
I think that beneath all events is an invisible Flow that is intelligent and loving .
I think that any human system that goes out of balance with human nature , or with other life on Earth , is doomed to fail .
I think that in all possible futures , dandelions will grow through ruined Wal - Mart parking lots .
But within this optimism , I see room for epic catastrophes .
And some catastrophes are now so far along that " what can I do to stop it " is the wrong question , and the right question is " what can I do to survive it , to help others survive it , to minimize suffering and prepare for recovery ? "
Find a landbase and build the topsoil ; plant fruit trees and vegetable gardens ; learn to forage and hunt and repair stuff ; learn uncommon useful skills ; make local friends ; work to make your city and region more sustainable and resilient ; make friends in other regions in case you have to move ; gradually shift more of your activities and dependencies out of the money economy ; break your addictions ; get healthy ; spend your money on tools and skills and long - keeping food ; meditate ; exercise your intuition .
This is not a complete list , but a list of examples of the kind of thing you should be doing .
The title of my talk was " Weeds through Pavement " , because when pavement turns to forest , the pavement does not turn green and put down roots -- plants crack the pavement and grow through it .
So do that .
January 11 .
About the film Avatar : first , we should n't be surprised that conservatives hate Avatar ... unless we think about the meaning of " conservative " .
The movie supports the most traditional of traditional values : a tribal society living in balance with nature , and defending its culture through violence .
So how can " conservatives " hate it ?
Because in practice , conservatism is an emotional state , and people in that state do n't care what 's traditional or radical for humans in general -- they only care what 's traditional or radical for them personally .
So you can make the most untested and wildly maladapted society in history , and after a couple generations , all the traditionalists will angrily defend it and attack the ways of the previous hundred thousand generations .
It also turns out that leftists hate Avatar , but only leftists with academic training in identity politics .
They argue that it turns someone from our culture into the leader of an alien culture , and that it would be more politically correct to show the aliens saving themselves without our help .
That 's a good point , but a movie must take viewers on a journey , and the journey has to start from where we are .
Maybe Avatar has made a billion dollars with a message about the human race : that we are not the rulers of a pile of resources but the servants of a living planet , that an extractive economy is not just unsustainable but evil , that our place is among dangerous wild creatures and not our own sterile devices , that it was wrong for us to conquer the Indians , not because their skin was a different color , but because they lived better .
Did we conquer the Indians ?
When lefties say that Avatar purges white guilt , they are making several questionable assumptions : that we are white , that we feel guilty , and that white guilt is a good thing .
This is an obsolete view of race .
A more helpful view was pioneered in the zine and book Race Traitor : that " white " is a social class only loosely connected to pale skin , that thinking of ourselves as " white " makes us obedient to an unjust system , that the best thing " white " people can do is not to sit around feeling guilty for the crimes done in the name of whiteness , but to disown whiteness and take the other side .
Every one of us has ancestors who lived more or less like the Na'vi , and who were violently conquered by disconnected , resource - extracting cultures .
If we stop identifying with the conquerors , the game is over .
" We " did not conquer the Indians .
The Babylonians , the Romans , the English , the Spaniards , the Americans conquered us ... but not completely .
Avatar is helping us to remember who we are .
Of course , no matter who we think we are , we are still dependent on the conquering system for our survival .
Somehow we have to make the shift from an extractive economy to a sustaining economy , and from the made world to the found world .
January 13 .
I 've just finished reading Gaiome , a book about ecological orbiting space colonies .
The author , Kevin Scott Polk , is both a permaculturist and an astrophysicist .
In the first chapter he sets up and knocks down all the usual stories about going into space : to extend exponential growth , to escape the dying Earth , to bring back resources , and to shift our consciousness from biology into machines .
His argument against the first is one I 've never seen before : he does the math and shows that even if we could expand civilization at light speed out into the galaxy , even a very low rate of exponential growth would quickly overwhelm the geometric growth of our sphere of expansion .
He concludes that we first have to learn to live sustainably on Earth , which is relatively easy , before we learn the much more difficult skill of living sustainably in small constructed environments .
Then he lays out his plan .
First , a space tourism rocket with the same safety standards and flight frequency as a large airliner .
Meanwhile , much more research into tiny cycling ecologies like Biosphere 2 .
Then , technologies for extracting materials from asteroids and turning those materials into gaiomes , and into bigger asteroid extractors and space fabricators , and so on .
His eventual utopian vision is 700 trillion people living in 80 billion gaiomes all over the solar system , all of them self - sufficient but grouped into cultures and nations , and by then new technologies will make it easier to expand this model to other star systems .
In terms of current knowledge , Polk does n't miss anything .
He cites Richard Heinberg , Chellis Glendinning , Jared Diamond , and loads of hard science .
But I 'm thinking , how much have our scientific paradigms changed in the last 500 years ?
And why should n't they change just as much in the next 500 ?
Maybe when our first space probe reaches Alpha Centauri , it will be picked up by someone who just walked there .
January 29 .
The Misanthrope 's Guide to the End of the World .
My condensation :
Garbage eschatology is based on the premise that our technological infrastructure has acquired too much complexity for us to fix .
It will kill us not by turning sentient and wanting to kill us , but by stupidly collapsing on top of us , like a gigantic Windows Vista .
My view is based on the idea that the entropy of a software system inevitably increases with time , past a point of no-return .
Beyond that , we cannot stop it from collapsing under its own weight , and cannot marshal the resources to reverse the aging process either .
The best we can do is hide and then emerge from the rubble ...
This is a graph for the Oswald / Wu research .
Credit : Oswald / Wu University of Warwick
New research by the UK's University of Warwick and Hamilton College in the US into the happiness levels of a million individual US citizens have revealed their personal happiness levels closely correlate with earlier research that ranked the quality of life available in the US 's 50 states plus the District of Columbia .
This research provides a unique external validation of people 's self reported levels of happiness and will be of great value to future economic and clinical research in this field .
The new research published in the journal Science on 17th December 2009 is by Professor Andrew Oswald of the UK's University of Warwick and Stephen Wu of Hamilton College in the US .
The researchers examined a 2005 - 2008 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System random sample of 1.3 million United States citizens in which Life - satisfaction in each U.S. state is measured .
This provided a league table of happiness by US State reproduced below .
This is the first large scale analysis of happiness levels in the US but the researchers were content with simply having this large data set and ranking .
They decided to use the data to try and resolve one of the most significant issues facing economists and clinical scientists carrying out research into happiness .
Researchers have to rely on people 's self declared levels of happiness - not how can you rely on those self declarations .
There have been useful studies trying to match those levels of happiness to clinical signs of happiness and stress such as blood pressure .
That has been useful but one cannot know for sure whether those clinical signs are themselves driving happiness or whether the reverse is true .
Researchers have longed for a more clearly external set of data to test their results .
On this occasion the researchers found another parallel data set that might for the first time provide that external validation or challenge their findings .
They discovered research by Stuart Gabriel published in 2003 which considered objective indicators for each individual State of the USA such as : precipitation ; temperature ; wind speed ; sunshine ; coastal land ; inland water ; public land ; National Parks ; hazardous waste sites ; environmental ' greenness ' ; commuting time ; violent crime ; air quality ; student - teacher ratio ; local taxes ; local spending on education and highways ; cost of living .
This essentially allowed the creation of a rank order of US states showing which should provide the happiest living experience .
This then was a truly external data set that could be used to check against the self declared levels of happiness
When the two tables were compared they found a very close correlation between people 's subjective life - satisfaction scores and objectively estimated quality of life .
The lead researcher on the study , Professor Andrew Oswald from the University of Warwick said :
" The beauty of our statistical method is that we are able to look below the surface of American life -- to identify the deep patterns in people 's underlying happiness from Alabama to Wyoming .
This type of study has been done for a few European countries but it is new to the United States .
We are the first to be able to do this calculation -- partly because we are fortunate enough to have a random anonymized sample of 1.3 million Americans . "
" The state - by - state pattern seems interesting in itself .
But it also matters scientifically .
We wanted to study whether people 's feelings of satisfaction with their own lives are reliable , that is , whether they match up to reality -- of sunshine hours , congestion , air quality , etc -- in their own state .
And they do match .
When human beings give you an answer on a numerical scale about how satisfied they are with their lives , it is best to pay attention .
Their answers are reliable .
This suggests that life - satisfaction survey data might be very useful for governments to use in the design of economic and social policies . "
Professor Oswald expressed some caution in how the results should be interpreted for the state of Louisiana in the survey following the disruption caused by Hurricane Katrina but was confident that the data on the other states was a true reflection of happiness levels saying :
" We have been asked a lot whether we expected that states like New York and California would do so badly in the happiness ranking .
Having visited and lived in various parts of the US , I am only a little surprised .
Many people think these states would be marvellous places to live in .
The problem is that if too many individuals think that way , they move into those states , and the resulting congestion and house prices make it a non-fulfilling prophecy .
In a way , it is like the stock market .
If everyone thinks it would be great to buy stock X , that stock is generally already overvalued .
Bargains in life are usually found outside the spotlight .
It may be that exactly the same is true of the best places to live . "
Andrew Oswald /
Wu ranking of happiness levels by US State
Louisiana
Hawaii
Florida
Tennessee
Arizona
Mississippi
Montana
South Carolina
Alabama
Maine
Alaska
North Carolina
Wyoming
Idaho
South Dakota
Texas
Arkansas
Vermont
Georgia
Oklahoma
Colorado
Delaware
Utah
New Mexico
North Dakota
Minnesota
New Hampshire
Virginia
Wisconsin
Oregon
Iowa
Kansas
Nebraska
West Virginia
Kentucky
Washington
District of Columbia
Missouri
Nevada
Maryland
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
Massachusetts
Ohio
Illinois
California
Indiana
Michigan
New Jersey
Connecticut
New York
Explore further Microsoft to Upgrade Patch Advance Notice and Bulletins
The suspected spying device was seen in the southern village of Houla
Israeli spying devices that were planted during the 2006 war with Hezbollah have been discovered in southern Lebanon , the UN has said .
UN peacekeepers discovered the buried devices when they were blown up by remote control by Israel on Sunday .
Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora accused Israel of blatantly violating the UN Security Council resolution that led to the end of fighting .
Israel has declined to comment directly on the matter .
Mr Siniora said an Israeli plane flying above peacekeepers and Lebanese troops investigating the blasts constituted further violation of the resolution .
The incident comes at a time of increased tension between the Lebanese authorities and Israel .
Earlier in October the Israeli army released a video which it said showed Hezbollah removing munitions from the scene of an explosion near the city of Tyre .
Under the same UN Security Council resolution , there should be no weapons south of the Litani river except in the hands of regular Lebanese forces and peacekeepers .
Hezbollah subsequently broadcast its own video which it said disproved the claims .
It also says overflights by Israeli spy-planes violate the resolution .
The war between Hezbollah and Israel in 2006 lasted 33 - days during which time Hezbollah fired a hail of rockets into Israel and the Israelis bombed carried out a huge bombing campaign across Lebanon and a large ground incursion .
More than 1,125 Lebanese died during the conflict , as well as 119 Israeli soldiers and 40 Israeli civilians .
Israel made little headway in ground operations and the war ended inconclusively with Hezbollah 's military wing largely intact .
The UN Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 1701 ( 2006 ) calling for the end of hostilities , the demilitarisation of the south of Lebanon and a mandate for a UN Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) to oversee the implementation of the resolution .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iranian reformists have clashed with police after the funeral of a dissident cleric , opposition websites say .
Earlier , tens of thousands took part in a procession for Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri in the holy city of Qom .
Clashes reportedly broke out , but the scale of the confrontation is not clear , says a BBC correspondent .
Montazeri - who died aged 87 of natural causes in Qom on Saturday night - had decried President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election in June as a fraud .
The reformist Jaras website said mourners chanted slogans in support of the cleric and also of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi .
Mr Mousavi took part in the procession , along with fellow opposition leader Mehdi Karroubi .
The reformist Kaleme website reported that Mr Mousavi 's car was attacked by " plainclothes men " on motorbikes , as the opposition leader travelled back from Qom to Tehran .
Kaleme said the assailants shattered the car 's back window and injured a member of Mr Mousavi 's entourage .
' Beating their chests '
Many mourners were carrying green banners or wearing green - the colour of Iran 's opposition .
DEFIANT CLERIC
Born into provincial family in 1922 and educated at a seminary Arrested and tortured for leading protests against Iran monarchy Designated successor to Islamic Republic 's founder , Khomeini Fell out with Khomeini in 1989 over Iran 's human rights record House arrest in 1997 for criticising current Supreme Leader Issues a fatwa against President Ahmadinejad after 2009 's election
Obituary : Ayatollah Montazeri Analysis : Government 's challenge
The ayatollah 's son , Saeed Montazeri , said the security forces had surrounded his father 's home after the ceremony in the holy city of Qom .
Kaleme said that following the funeral , some mourners threw stones at police surrounding the cleric 's house and clashes with security forces followed .
Footage broadcast on the internet showed crowds chanting against Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , calling him a " murderer " and saying his rule was illegitimate .
Meanwhile , amateur footage sent to BBC Persian interactive apparently shows government supporters outside Montazeri 's house , holding posters of the supreme leader .
Policemen wearing blue uniforms with NAJA on the backs , are holding them in line .
Other video showed thousands of mourners marching in Montazeri 's home town of Najafabad , near the central city of Isfahan .
They beat their chests and chanted : " Oppressed Montazeri , you are with God now . "
The government knows the funeral is one demonstration it cannot forbid , says the BBC's Tehran correspondent Jon Leyne , although it fears it could spark another round of protests .
In response , authorities have imposed strict new restrictions on the media , both foreign and domestic .
The BBC said fresh attempts had been made to jam its Persian television service to Iran .
HAVE YOUR SAY I believe that Ayatollah Montazeri 's death may end up in another violent protest of brave anti-government protests Peter Riley , US Mr Mousavi and Mr Karroubi were both presidential candidates in last June 's disputed elections .
Anger at the result saw mass protests in Tehran and other cities that led to thousands of arrests and some deaths .
They have called for Monday to be a national day of mourning .
The grand ayatollah was one of Shia Islam 's most respected figures .
He was an architect of the 1979 revolution that created Iran 's Islamic state but later became a vocal critic of the government .
' Rioters ' cleric ' BBC religious affairs correspondent Christopher Landau says that in a country where the younger generation is often seen as increasingly secularised , Montazeri offered an understanding of Islam in sympathy with many of the opposition 's concerns .
ANALYSIS Christopher Landau ,
BBC News religious affairs correspondent Grand Ayatollah Montazeri's ideas about religious freedom were particularly challenging to the current Iranian government .
Conversion away from Islam is illegal .
But Montazeri said that if a Muslim converted to another religion after careful study and using their free will , that choice should be permissible and respected .
In a country where the younger generation is often seen as increasingly secularised , Montazeri offered an understanding of Islam in sympathy with many of the opposition 's concerns .
His death deprives Iran of an outspoken champion of an alternative vision for the Islamic Revolution , our correspondent says .
The cleric 's death also comes during the sacred first month of the Islamic calendar .
The 10th day of that month , the Shia festival of Ashura , is this coming Sunday .
It was already likely to offer a platform for opposition protests , and this death gives that date added significance , our correspondent adds .
On 20 December , following news of the grand ayatollah 's death , a large crowd quickly gathered outside his home in Qom to pay respects .
Sporadic gatherings were also reported in Tehran and other cities .
Foreign media have been restricted in Iran since the post-election protests and it is often difficult to verify reports .
No foreign media have been allowed to attend the funeral .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei did offer his condolences on Sunday , praising Grand Ayatollah Montazeri as an outstanding jurist .
MONTAZERI BBC INTERVIEWS
Exchanged e-mails detailing views on reform in Oct 2009 Interviewed at his home in Qom in June 2008 Click below to read details
E-mail exchanges Visiting Iran 's ayatollahs
Your memories However , the Supreme Leader tempered this with criticism , saying he hoped God would forgive the late cleric for failing his " crucial test " .
This was a reference to Montazeri 's falling out with the leader of the revolution , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
State news agency Irna did not use the grand ayatollah title in its early reports of Montazeri 's death , and referred to him as the " rioters ' cleric " .
The White House praised Montazeri , saying he had been " known and internationally respected for his unwavering commitment to universal rights " .
Hoseyn Ali Montazeri was one of the early backers of Ayatollah Khomeini and was designated to succeed him .
But the pair fell out over Iran 's human rights record a few months before Khomeini died of cancer in 1989 .
In 1997 he famously clashed with Khamenei , whom he outranked in the religious hierarchy , after questioning the powers of the supreme leader .
Montazeri repeatedly accused the country 's rulers of imposing dictatorship in the name of Islam and said the liberation that was supposed to have followed the 1979 revolution never happened .
Then , despite his old age and failing health , Montazeri backed the opposition 's claims that the 2009 election result , which gave Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a landslide victory , had been widely rigged .
Montazeri said Iran 's leadership was a dictatorship and issued a fatwa condemning the government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Adapting to cooking ( Image : Rick Friedman / Corbis )
What was the central mystery of human evolution that you were trying to solve ?
I was sitting next to the fire in my living room and I started asking the question , when did our ancestors last live without fire ?
Out of this came a paradox : it seemed to me that no human with our body form could have lived without it .
Why ca n’t a human exist on the same diet as a chimpanzee ?
A chimpanzee ’s diet is like eating crab apples and rose hips .
Just go into the woods and find some fruits , and see if you can come back …
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - Texas ) is expected to announce today that she will not resign her Senate seat while she campaigns for governor .
Hutchison wo n't resign Senate seat
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - Texas ) will announce she 's delaying her resignation from the Senate so that she can continue to represent Texas in the Senate while pursuing the Republican nomination for governor in the Lone Star state .
Had she resigned , as expected , Hutchison would have faced criticism from primary opponent Gov. Rick Perry that she had left Texas without one of its fists in the fight against President Barack Obama ’s agenda .
By a 60 percent to 26 percent margin , Texas voters say she should n’t leave the Senate seat to campaign , according to a Rasmussen Reports poll released today .
The same survey shows Hutchison trailing Perry 46 percent to 35 percent .
Advertisement
The decision also gives Hutchison an employment insurance policy :
If she loses the primary , she ’d still have the Senate seat until at least 2012 .
" She will always do what 's right for Texas , and that means not only running for governor , but also fighting against Obamacare and cap - and - trade , which will be devastating for Texas , ” said Joe Pounder , deputy communications director .
If she wins the nomination , she 'd have to choose again whether to stay in the Senate or campaign full time .
Perry has spent much of the last year attempting to define himself as the true conservative in the race – a campaign that has , at times , exposed him to criticism that he ’s too extreme .
In openly courting the budding Tea Party movement , he suggested in April that Texas would be within its rights to secede from the union .
On Wednesday , he said the president is “ punishing ” Texas with his policies and that the administration is “ hell - bent toward taking American towards a socialist country . ”
Meredith Shiner contributed to this story .
A giant iceberg is drifting towards Western Australia , impressing scientists with its capacity to travel so far north while still largely intact .
Australian Antarctic Division glaciologist Neal Young says the iceberg , named B17B , is 1700 km south - south - west of the West Australian coast and moving north with the ocean current and prevailing wind .
A satellite image of the giant iceberg heading towards WA .
‘‘ B17B is a very significant one in that it has drifted so far north while still largely intact , ’’ Dr Young said in a statement on Wednesday .
‘‘ It ’s one of the biggest sighted at those latitudes , now 48.8 S and 107.5 E. ’’
As former Ringling Brothers employees have described , there is a culture of abuse at the circus that includes the constant use of bull hooks and other weapons on the elephants and keeping the elephants chained for most of their lives .
During the initial days , the young elephant is dragged to the training area against its will .
This often cruel and painful process is intended to “ break the will ” of the young elephant and gain its total submission .
This process normally takes about a week .
Afterwards , the young elephant is tied to a wooden frame or between two trees , where it ca n’t move , but it tries over and over again to break free from the rope .
The trainer uses the tactics of fear , pain , hunger , and thirst until the elephant stops resisting and totally submits .
As the elephant starts to accept its fate , the trainer will allow it to take a bath and eat .
The disturbing picture is taken by a former trainer with hiden camera which campaigners say reveal the brutal reality of how elephants are prepared for circus work .
If you love to communicate with animals , then it's a good idea for you to go to an Africa safari .
Learn more information at http://africansermonsafaris.com/category/trekking/ .
Tweet
A woman wearing a niqab walks at Trocadero square near the Eiffel Tower in Paris June 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Gonzalo Fuentes
PARIS ( Reuters ) - France ’s ruling UMP party plans to present a bill to parliament in January on banning full Islamic veils in all public places and not just in certain buildings , a senior party official said on Tuesday .
The bill would be accompanied by a resolution related to respect for women , Jean - Francois Cope , the parliamentary party leader of President Nicolas Sarkozy ’s UMP , told a news conference .
Both propositions would be handed to parliament during the first two weeks of January , before the conclusions of a French parliamentary inquiry into the all - covering niqab and burqa are published .
France has been moving toward outlawing full Islamic veils in certain public buildings and had appeared to stop short of a broader ban that could violate religious freedom and deepen a rift in the government .
Most politicians are waiting for the results of the parliamentary inquiry before deciding on the need for a law .
A complete ban could meet with legal obstacles .
Switzerland ’s ban on minarets , for example , has been challenged before the European Court of Human Rights .
The French government is already facing internal dissent over a campaign to discuss national identity that has attracted accusations of racism , and a burqa law could be a difficult sell .
That 's right folks , that 's a freaking cake right there -- the city of Minas Tirith in all it 's fondant -y glory .
Wow .
Now I 'm confident I speak for all of us when I say 'my God would I lay siege to that city -- with a fork ! '
Am I right ?
" Thou shall not pass .... on seconds ! "
Thanks Gandalf , I 'll have another .
Oh , uh - oh -- whipped cream fight !
Hit the jump for several more LOTR cakes , including a pretty solid looking golden ring .
Sunday Sweets : Lord of the Rings [ cakewrecks ]
Thanks to Manwai and Spikey DaPikey , who both used to work in bakeries and purposefully spell people 's names wrong on their cakes so they could make them over and eat the mistake .
Unemployment rates were higher in September than a year earlier in 371 of the 372 United States metropolitan areas , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
The only metro area that recorded a year - over - year unemployment rate decrease was Houma - Bayou Cane - Thibodaux , La. , where joblessness fell 1.4 percentage points from 6.5 percent in September 2008 to 5.1 percent in September 2009 ( in seasonally unadjusted terms ) .
It ’s hard to get too excited about this improvement , though , given that the area had been hit by a hurricane in September 2008 .
The greatest increase in unemployment over the last year was in Detroit - Warren - Livonia , Mich. , where joblessness grew 8.4 percentage points to a total rate of 17.3 percent in September 2009 .
The second - greatest year - over - year increase was in Muskegon - Norton Shores , Mich. , where the rate rose 6.8 percentage points , to 16 percent .
In September 2009 , the overall highest metropolitan rates of unemployment ( again , not seasonally adjusted ) were in El Centro , Calif . , and Yuma , Ariz. , where rates touched 30.1 and 24.2 percent , respectively .
These two areas , which both border Mexico , are highly agricultural .
The lowest rate , at 2.9 percent , was in Bismarck , N.D .
A global controversy is raging : what new regulations are required to restore confidence in the financial system and ensure that a new crisis does not erupt a few years down the line .
Mervyn King , the governor of the Bank of England , has called for restrictions on the kinds of activities in which mega - banks can engage .
British prime minister Gordon Brown begs to differ : after all , the first British bank to fall was Northern Rock , which was engaged in the " plain vanilla " business of mortgage lending .
The implication of Brown 's observation is that such restrictions will not ensure that there is not another crisis ; but King is right to demand that banks that are too big to fail be reined in .
In the US , the UK , and elsewhere , large banks have been responsible for the bulk of the cost to taxpayers .
America has let 106 smaller banks go bankrupt this year alone .
It 's the mega - banks that present the mega -costs .
The crisis is a result of at least eight distinct but related failures :
• Too - big - to - fail banks have perverse incentives ; if they gamble and win , they walk off with the proceeds ; if they fail , taxpayers pick up the tab .
• Financial institutions are too intertwined to fail ; the part of AIG that cost America 's taxpayers $ 180 bn was relatively small .
• Even if individual banks are small , if they engage in correlated behaviour – using the same models – their behaviour can fuel systemic risk .
• Incentive structures within banks are designed to encourage short - sighted behaviour and excessive risk taking .
• In assessing their own risk , banks do not look at the externalities that they ( or their failure ) would impose on others , which is one reason why we need regulation in the first place .
• Banks have done a bad job in risk assessment – the models they were using were deeply flawed .
• Investors , seemingly even less informed about the risk of excessive leverage than banks , put enormous pressure on banks to undertake excessive risk .
• Regulators , who are supposed to understand all of this and prevent actions that spur systemic risk , failed .
They , too , used flawed models and had flawed incentives ; too many did n't understand the role of regulation , and too many became " captured " by those they were supposed to be regulating .
If we could have more confidence in our regulators and supervisors , we might be more relaxed about all the other problems .
But regulators and supervisors are fallible , which is why we need to attack the problems from all sides .
There are , of course , costs to regulations , but the costs of having an inadequate regulatory structure are enormous .
We have not done nearly enough to prevent another crisis , and the benefits of strengthened regulation far outweigh any increased costs .
King is right : banks that are too big to fail are too big to exist .
If they continue to exist , they must exist in what is sometimes called a " utility " model , meaning that they are heavily regulated .
In particular , allowing such banks to continue engaging in proprietary trading distorts financial markets .
Why should they be allowed to gamble , with taxpayers underwriting their losses ?
What are the " synergies " ?
Can they possibly outweigh the costs ?
Some large banks are now involved in a sufficiently large share of trading ( either on their own account or on behalf of their customers ) that they have , in effect , gained the same unfair advantage that any inside trader has .
This may generate higher profits for them , but at the expense of others .
It is a skewed playing field – and one increasingly skewed against smaller players .
Who would n't prefer a credit default swap underwritten by the US or UK government ; no wonder that too - big - to - fail institutions dominate this market .
The one thing nowadays that economists agree upon is that incentives matter .
Bank officers got rewarded for higher returns – whether they were a result of improved performance ( doing better than the market ) or just more risk - taking ( higher leverage ) .
Either they were swindling shareholders and investors , or they did n't understand the nature of risk and reward .
Possibly both are true .
Either way , it 's discouraging .
Given the lack of understanding of risk by investors , and deficiencies in corporate governance , bankers had an incentive not to design good incentive structures .
It is vital to correct such flaws – at the level of the organisation and of the individual manager .
That means breaking up too - important - to fail ( or too - complex - to - fix ) institutions .
Where this is not possible , it means stringently restricting what they can do and imposing higher taxes and capital - adequacy requirements , thereby helping level the playing field .
The devil , of course , is in the details – and big banks will do what they can to ensure that whatever charges are imposed are sufficiently small that they do not outweigh the advantages gained from being underwritten by taxpayers .
Even if we fix bank incentive structures perfectly – which is not in the cards – the banks will still represent a big risk .
The bigger the bank , and the more risk - taking in which big banks are allowed to engage , the greater the threat to our economies and our societies .
These are not matters of black and white : the more we limit the size , the more relaxed we can be about these and other details of regulation .
That is why King , Paul Volcker , the UN commission of experts on reforms of the international monetary and financial system , and a host of others are right about the need to curb the big banks .
What is required is a multi-prong approach , including special taxes , increased capital requirements , tighter supervision , and limits on size and risk - taking activities .
Such an approach wo n't prevent another crisis , but it would make one less likely – and less costly if it did occur .
• Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2009
• A podcast of this commentary in English is available here .
DANVERS , Mass .
( AP ) —
Who knew " Meep ! " was a four - letter word ?
DANVERS , Mass .
( AP ) —
Who knew " Meep ! " was a four - letter word ?
The utterance favored by bungling lab assistant Beaker of " The Muppet Show " has been banned at Danvers High School in Massachusetts after students said it to repeatedly interrupt school .
Principal Thomas Murray says the word was part of a disruption planned using Facebook .
The Salem News reports that parents recently got an automated call about " Meep ! " from Murray .
He warned them that students who said or displayed the word at school could be suspended .
Murray says the warning was needed because students did n't heed his " reasonable request " to stop the meeping .
Danvers
High sophomore Melanie Crane says it does n't mean anything in particular .
___
Information from : The Salem News http://www.salemnews.com/
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
An Army general in northern Iraq has added pregnancy to the list of reasons a soldier under his command could be court - martialed .
The new policy , outlined last month by Maj. Gen. Anthony Cucolo and released Friday by the Army , would apply to female battlefield soldiers who become pregnant and the male soldiers who impregnate them .
Civilians reporting to General Cucolo also could face criminal prosecution under the guidelines .
An Army spokesman , George Wright , said battlefield soldiers who became pregnant were typically sent home .
But it is not an Army - wide policy to punish them under the military ’s legal code , he said .
However , division commanders like General Cucolo have the authority to impose these type of restrictions to soldiers under their command , Mr. Wright said .
LOS ANGELES ( MarketWatch ) -- Fitch Ratings on Monday cut Mexico's foreign - currency rating to BBB from BBB + , moving the rating lower within the investment - grade class .
The downgrade had been widely anticipated by analysts .
Fitch said the global economic and financial crisis and falling oil production have accentuated weaknesses in the country 's fiscal profile , including the high dependence on oil revenues , a narrow non-oil tax base and a limited fiscal cushion .
" Recently approved tax measures are a step in the right direction , but more is required to materially address structural weaknesses of public finances especially in the context of continued uncertainty over the outlook for oil production , " wrote Shelly Shetty , senior director in Fitch 's sovereign group , in a prepared statement .
" Prospects for future revenue - enhancing tax reforms are not bright as the opposition party controls the lower house of Congress and going forward political dynamics will be heavily influenced by the 2012 presidential elections . "
Last week , two new district court opinions took opposing views on the question of whether the Fourth Amendment protects stored email .
One of the cases easily adopted the prevailing view that the Constitution protects electronic communications , while the other ignored existing U.S. Supreme Court and Ninth Circuit precedent to find consumers have no expectation of privacy in messages stored with third parties .
EFF will be watching these developments closely as we continue to press for email privacy rights in the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in U.S. v. Warshak and in other matters .
Email -- like letters , telephone calls or documents you keep in a rented locker -- should be fully protected by the Fourth Amendment .
As with letters , calls or rented property , your expectation of privacy against the government does not weaken simply because you entrust the document to a third party for delivery or storage .
Law enforcement needs a warrant to intercept your phone calls , even though they travel over wires owned by the phone company , or to search your storage locker or hotel room , even though the property owner has the right to enter in some circumstances .
The same protections should and must apply to email .
It matters not that a third party transports the messages ( mail ) , that they are capable of interception ( phone calls ) , or that they are kept on a third - party server ( rented storage ) .
The government conceded Fourth Amendment protection in one of last week ’s opinions and successfully fought against it in the other .
In the New York case , United States v. Cioffi , the government wanted to search the defendant ’s personal email account for messages showing that he and a confederate knew that they were misleading customers in a financial fraud scheme .
The affidavit in support of the warrant asked for copies of messages related to the fraud offense but the warrant itself [ more broadly ] purported to give the agents permission to obtain all email
through a certain date .
The government conceded that the e-mails were Fourth Amendment protected .
The disputed issue was whether the warrant satisfied the constitutional requirement that it describe with particularity the place to be searched and the things to be seized .
The court held that the warrant was overbroad because it authorized officers to obtain emails other than those for which there was probable cause , and therefore suppressed even the fraud - related messages that were discovered .
This New York district court was right .
The contents of electronic communications are protected by the Fourth Amendment , and that protection means law enforcement needs a valid warrant , not an obviously overbroad one , to search or seize the messages .
In contrast , the government in the Oregon case , In re : United States , successfully argued that you have no protectable Fourth Amendment rights in your email , at least in part because it is stored with third parties .
Agents had applied for a warrant for email under the Stored Communications Act ( " SCA " ) , but did not want to serve post - seizure notice of the return of the warrant on the account holders .
After concluding that the SCA only required notice to the ISP , the court then asked whether the Fourth Amendment required notice on the account holder , or whether notice on the ISP was constitutionally adequate .
While giving lip service to the idea that email is protected by the Fourth Amendment , the court nevertheless stated that a user has no protected expectation of privacy when she stores her messages with a third party .
The court also pointed to email service privacy policies to assert that users are , or should be , aware that their personal information and the contents of their online communications are accessible to the ISP and its employees and thus can be shared with the government " in appropriate circumstances " .
In re : United States is wrongly decided .
While supposedly starting from the ( correct ) assumption that the Fourth Amendment protects email , the court then concludes that one has no expectation of privacy in materials stored with a third party .
Email uses a store - and - forward transmission protocol ; the messages are always transmitted through third parties .
Moreover , almost all consumer email is stored at some point with a third party , whether as long term backup or incident to transmission .
Thus , the presumption the court says it adopts is essentially meaningless ; only those few corporations and individuals that host their own email would be arguably entitled to any constitutional protection the Oregon court says it assumes applies .
The opinion is also contrary to binding Supreme Court and Ninth Circuit precedent .
In the 1967 cases of Berger and Katz , the U.S. Supreme Court held that the Fourth Amendment strongly protects telephone calls even though they travel over wires owned by the telephone company , or can be intercepted with a listening device on the outside of a telephone booth .
The Court confirmed protection for the contents of communications in Smith v. Maryland , when it distinguished Katz from its holding allowing warrantless collection of dialed telephone numbers from the phone company , since the contents of communications were still protected .
The Ninth Circuit , in which the Oregon court resides , has further confirmed that the Fourth Amendment protects electronic communications as well as phone calls in Quon v. Arch Wireless .
In that case , the Department of Justice argued exactly what it argued in In re United States -- that because email and text messages are stored by third parties with the practical ability to read them , senders and recipients have no expectation of privacy in those messages .
The appellate court rejected that view , holding that text messages , and presumably emails , are like letters or packages , and are protected even though the shipper could open them .
The Oregon court also got the analysis of the effect of terms of service and acceptable use policies dead wrong .
In Quon , the Ninth Circuit followed its prior ruling in United States v. Heckenkamp , which held that a student did not lose his reasonable expectation of privacy in information stored on his computer , despite a university policy that it could access his computer in limited circumstances while connected to the university ’s network .
Like hotel rooms or storage lockers , a limited right of access on the part of the facility owner does not defeat all expectation of privacy versus the government .
Moreover , the Oregon court itself had to admit that users might expect government access – not in all circumstances , but only " in appropriate circumstances " , a situation that users can reasonably expect would involve a warrant based on probable cause .
There is other foolishness in the Oregon opinion , including the hyper - technical assertion that when the government copies your email , they have not seized your data because you still have a copy , so the government collection does not “ meaningfully interfere ” with your " possessory interest " .
What ’s even more disturbing , the Ninth Circuit may not get an opportunity to correct the Oregon district court .
Since
In re United States involved an ex parte proceeding , as of yet there is no real party in interest to appeal the court clearly erroneous opinion .
Only if someone gets charged with a crime , and if that defendant becomes aware that the evidence the government intends to use was obtained as a result of a seizure that did not comport with the Fourth Amendment , will there be an opportunity for the affected party to ask for appellate review .
This is one reason why EFF ’s practice serving as amicus to district courts considering the applicability of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act and the Fourth Amendment to cell phone tracking , email seizures and other pre-indictment investigative techniques is so important – we may have only one chance to get it right before the government barges in without proper cause or authorization .
For other legal analysis of U.S. v. Cioffi and In re United States , please read Orin Kerr 's post on The Volokh Conspiracy or Venkat Balasubramani 's assessment on Eric Goldman 's blog .
I wish she would come round and chop my carrots ..:)
His legal case worker , John Tipple , said the charges cited an interview in The Guardian in which he claimed troops on the ground had been confused about the purpose of their presence as far back as 2006 , and that fellow soldiers had supported his cause after he called for a complete withdrawal of troops .
The new charges carry a maximum of 10 years ' imprisonment in addition to the three to four years he could face if the desertion charge is upheld .
It has emerged that British public servants at the Defence Ministry are being paid more than £ 8000 ( $ 14,300 ) a month to work in Afghanistan , nearly five times as much as some soldiers on the front line .
Ministers said the payouts were justified in part by the fact that some officials were posted to conflict zones .
The ministry said the maximum monthly additional payment for a senior grade official working in a conflict zone was £ 8250 .
For more junior officials , it was £ 6750 .
The allowances are paid on top of basic salaries .
EVERYTHING IS ALWAYS GOOD NEWS FOR REPUBLICANS … .
If facts , history , evidence , and reality have no meaning whatsoever — and they may not — then this makes sense .
Republicans are jumping on President Obama ’s response to the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a U.S. airliner as the latest evidence that Democrats do not aggressively fight terrorism to protect the country , returning to a campaign theme that the GOP has employed successfully over the past decade . [… ]
The result of the GOP offensive could be to create doubt , even fear , among the American public that Obama cannot protect them … .
[ I [f the public remains concerned about the safety of air travel and about international terrorism , the Republican attacks on Obama could be “ very influential , ” said Andrew Kohut , a veteran pollster and president of the nonpartisan Pew Research Center .
“ I do n’t know if it has legs , but it certainly has potential if it has legs , ” Kohut said .
By all appearances , it does n’t matter if the Republican attacks are baseless and ridiculous .
It does n’t matter if Republican national security policies failed .
It does n’t matter that Republicans are more anxious to denounce the president than they are to denounce terrorism .
What matters now is what mattered before — whether GOP voices can create and exploit just enough misguided panic and fear to benefit politically .
If they can shout “ soft on terror ” often enough , and the media overlooks all available evidence , maybe the public wo n’t notice how ridiculous the Republican lies really are .
Republican pollster Neil Newhouse said the attempted attack on Christmas is “ a black eye ” for the administration .
It takes about three seconds of actual thought to realize how absurd this is .
Was 9/11 “ a black eye ” for Bush / Cheney ?
How about the anthrax attacks ?
Or Richard Reid ?
Or the attacks against U.S. allies around the world ?
And the terrorist attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan ?
If I did n’t know better , I might think terrorists trying to kill Americans under a Republican administration is good news for the GOP , while terrorists trying to kill Americans under a Democratic administration is also good news for the GOP .
When terrorists try to kill Americans under a Republican administration , it ’s Democrats ’ responsibility to help bring the country together against a common foe .
When terrorists try to kill Americans under a Democratic administration , it ’s Republicans ’ responsibility to attack the White House , undermine American confidence , and create a climate of fear and division .
The Washington Post reported , “ The health - care debate demonstrated how successful Republicans and their allies can be in selling a message to the American people , even when some of their facts are in doubt . ”
That ’s one of my favorite sentences in a long while —
Republicans can’t govern , and do n’t understand public policy , but they have a unique ability to convince the public that their lies might be true .
Reality is stubborn , and the facts are n’t on Republicans ’ side .
The trick is getting Americans to notice .
Kyle Jester Vocals / Guitar San Francisco Bay Area
Find me playing blues & roots music up and down the California Coast with my own band , as well as Hot Roux & Billy Watson .
Listen to my music at bandcamp .
I play Grez Guitars , hollowbodies and baritones , with Tyson Tone Pickups .
For booking & contact email me at my first and last name @ gmail.com .
I am not on social media .
State of New Jersey in the Interest of M.T.S .
Supreme Court of New Jersey , 1992 .
129 N.J. 422 , 609 A.2d 1266 .
Dressler , pp. 394-403
Facts :
Two teenagers had intercourse .
Their testimony differed on many facts .
It generally appeared , however , that the intercourse was non-consensual and was accomplished without the use of force as “ traditionally ” defined .
The defendant was tried and found delinquent for second - degree sexual assault , but the delinquency was reversed on appeal .
The State appealed to the Supreme Court of New Jersey .
Issue :
Is any force required besides the force of sexual intercourse itself to find the defendant delinquent for second - degree sexual assault ?
Rule : NEW RULE !
“ [ A ]ny act of sexual penetration engaged in …without the affirmative and freely - given permission of the victim …constitutes the offense of sexual assault .
Therefore , physical force in excess of that inherent in the act of sexual penetration is not required for such penetration to be unlawful . ”
Analysis : Having announced the new rule as an interpretation of New Jersey law in light of its legislative history , the court applies the law to the facts .
The court considers the totality of the evidence in answering the question : “ Did the alleged victim freely give affirmative permission to this specific act of sexual penetration ? ”
The court focuses on the defendant ’s conduct and rejects any judgment passed upon the victim except as it pertains to the actions of the defendant .
If the evidence shows beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant knew that the sexual penetration was accomplished without freely given affirmative permission , then the defendant should be found guilty .
If the evidence shows beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant believed that the sexual penetration was accomplished with freely given permission , then the factfinder must consider whether , given the totality of the evidence , that belief was reasonable .
The trial court found that the victim did not consent to the sexual penetration .
The court seems to find this sufficient to say that she did not freely give permission for the sexual penetration .
The court refuses to interfere with the factfinder .
Conclusion :
The delinquency finding is reinstated .
Notes and Questions
1 . It would seem that Berkowitz ’s conduct would constitute rape under M.T.S. because it was non-consensual sex .
On the other hand , M.T.S. ’s conduct would not seem to constitute rape under Berkowitz .
I ’m strongly invited to prefer the M.T.S. approach as a matter of social policy .
I ’m worried , though , that these are close cases and broadening the definition of rape will have a chilling effect on positive intimate sexual relationships .
This is all getting dangerously close to saying that sex is inherently bad , or it is presumed bad , or that it is presumed that nobody wants it just like nobody wants to get robbed or beat up .
2 . The court suggests that permission , unlike consent , can be non-verbal and can be inferred from the totality of the evidence .
The court recognizes that most non-criminal sex occurs without explicit verbal consent , and thus it would be bad policy to require such explicit consent as opposed to the somewhat broader “ freely given affirmative permission ” .
3 .
Back to Actus Reus
Back to Casebook Notes
The Czech cabinet Monday approved a Justice Ministry proposal that sets personal use quantity limits for illicit drugs under a penal code revision that decriminalizes drug possession in the Czech Republic .
The law and its quantity limits will take effect on January 1 .
The Czech government had approved the decriminalization law late last year , but failed to set precise quantities covered by it , instead leaving it to police and prosecutors to determine what constituted a " larger than small " amount of drugs .
The resulting confusion -- and the prosecution of some small - scale marijuana growers as drug traffickers -- led the government to adopt more precise criteria .
Under the new law , possession of less than the following amounts of illicit drugs will not be a criminal offense :
Marijuana15 grams ( or five plants )
Hashish5 grams
Magic mushrooms40 pieces
Peyote5 plants
LSD5 tablets
Ecstasy4 tablets
Amphetamine2 grams
Methamphetamine2 grams
Heroin1.5 grams
Coca5 plants
Cocaine1 gram
Possession of " larger than a small amount " of marijuana can result in a jail sentence of up to one year .
For other illicit drugs , the sentence is two years .
Trafficking offenses carry stiffer sentences .
Justice Minister Daniela Kovarova said that the ministry had originally proposed decriminalizing the possession of up to two grams of hard drugs , but decided that limits being imposed by courts this year were appropriate .
" The government finally decided that it would stick to the current court practice and drafted a table based on these limits , " Kovarova said .
The Czech Republic now joins Portugal as a European country that has decriminalized drug possession .
Drug possession is also decriminalized de facto if not de jure in the Netherlands , and actual charging and prosecution practices in some other European countries already approach decriminalization in practice , if not as a matter of law .
It ’s Dec 14 , a special day for those of us lucky enough to be in Antarctica .
On this day , 98 years ago , Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen became the first person to reach the South Pole .
He was wearing skis and heavy fur clothing and hauling his gear behind a team of dogs ( many of which became dinner throughout the journey ) .
Almost a century later , as I look around our little camp at Cape Denison on the edge of the Antarctic ice shelf , overlooking the penguins of Commonwealth Bay , I can see how much has changed : high - tech waterproof fabrics and Velcro have taken over from fur , Skidoos have replaced the huskies and hand - held GPS can pinpoint our position to the centimetre .
One thing , however , has not changed : sturdy canvas tents still serve as ideal accommodation on the ice , even in the windiest place on Earth , right here at Commonwealth Bay .
My tent is pitched right on the edge of the bay , where our team is working to conserve a historic wooden hut that was built a few months after Amundsen won the race to the pole .
It was home to another Antarctic explorer , Australian scientist Douglas Mawson , who was more interested in the “ other ” South Pole , the magnetic South Pole which , unlike the geographic one , can move about .
Our sleeping arrangements are shared between the bunk house and tents .
Six people have chosen to sleep indoors and four of us have chosen to live in single polar tents , allowing us the luxury of space and spectacular views .
In deciding to sleep outside , we had to take into consideration the ice melt which will occur during our stay and could saturate our temporary homes and the harsh katabatic wind that blows through Cape Denison .
Our neighbours , the Adelie penguins , come by frequently to stop and stare – it ’s a fantastic sight .
In the early hours of the morning you can see the penguins sleeping on the ice , scattered just metres from our tents , and icebergs drifting across the bay in the distance .
Living in a tent in Cape Denison is an incredible experience and most likely a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity .
So no matter how cold it is outside it ’s a real pleasure to step out of my tent and take a moment to appreciate my surroundings .
Although the wind is noisy throughout the night , the experience of living outdoors in Antarctica compensates for any temporary discomfort .
It ’s always light in the tent at this time of year , when the sun never really sets , but my eye - shades are not necessary .
It ’s too cold to keep your head outside the sleeping bag .
The only place to get a reasonable night ’s sleep is to be burrowed deep within my sleeping bag with only enough air to breath .
We are now in our fifth day at Commonwealth Bay , at 67 degrees of latitude where the average temperature swings between minus 13 and 5 degrees Celsius and the average wind blows 50 knots ( 120 kph ) .
Our days are busy , packed with heavy physical work , great food and lots of laughs .
Dr Peter Morse , official photographer for the Mawson ’s Hut expedition , has entertained us many times with his evening presentations .
On one occasion he spent about a half - an - hour giving us a lecture with detailed diagrams on Antarctic toilet etiquette which was extremely amusing .
We had a magical moment tonight just after dinner when one of the carpenters , Mark Farrell , shouted ‘ Orcas ’ and sent nine of us scrambling out of our main camp dwelling , the Sorensen hut , toward the ice - edge where we saw about 20 Orcas on a hunting party pass right under our eyes .
It was interesting to see the penguins scramble up onto the ice , as though they knew their lives depended on it .
Within minutes of the whales passing , the penguins playfully tumbled back into the water .
It was an awesome experience for all of us .
Stay tuned for how we live and what we eat in my next blog .
Fantom Programming Language
Fantom is a portable language that runs on the JVM and modern web browsers .
It features a familiar Java - like syntax , static ( and dynamic ) typing , elegant system library , closures , immutability , actor concurrency , and much more .
class HelloWorld { static Void main ( ) { echo ( " Hello , World ! " ) } }
Download Fantom Learn More
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Saturday ’s mass march to the Bella Center , where climate talks are ongoing , was boisterous and colorful , but largely peaceful .
I expect that the tone of the demonstrations will shift in the next week as climate activists make a last - ditch push for a strong treaty .
Climate Justice Action , an anti-corporate network , is calling on activists to disrupt the negotiations at the Bella Center next Wednesday and to transform it into an assembly open to all :
There will be a legalized starting point , which will be announced to the media and the police .
From there , the climate justice bloc will move on towards the Bella Center .
Affinity groups will make their way to the border of the conference area from various directions . …
We will overcome any physical barriers that stand in our way – but we will not respond with violence if the police try to escalate the situation , nor create unsafe situations ; we will be there to make our voices heard !
Stay tuned .
Drug Charge ?
Get A Former Prosecutor On Your Side
If you are convicted for possession , manufacture , distribution or trafficking of drugs in Florida , your sentence can range from a large fine , mandatory counseling and lengthy probation to decades of prison time .
The conviction will follow you for life , affecting your employment opportunities and relationship with your family .
Do n’t accept these harsh consequences without a fight .
Turn to The Law Office of Corey I. Cohen & Associates in Orlando .
We have helped hundreds of people like you defend their rights and futures .
Firm founder Corey Cohen is a former criminal prosecutor with the state attorney ’s office .
Our team of defense attorneys knows the criminal justice system from the inside out , and we can use that knowledge to build a strong defense for you against the drug charges you face .
Call our firm to request a consultation with a lawyer at 407-246-0066 .
Get help fighting drug charges such as :
Possession of marijuana , cocaine , heroin , ecstasy or meth
Drug sales , distribution or trafficking
Drug manufacturing , including meth labs and marijuana grow houses
Prescription drug fraud involving Xanax , oxycodone and other pharmaceutical drugs
RICO ( Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations ) violations
How We Can Make A Real Difference For You
The state of Florida takes all types of drug charges seriously .
If you are arrested or are under investigation , the police and the prosecutor ’s office will use all of their resources to get a conviction .
We can use our experience in criminal defense and prosecutorial law to explore every possibility for minimizing the penalties you face — or even getting the charges dismissed altogether .
We can also examine the police procedure used to make the arrest and conduct the investigation .
If we uncover violations of your constitutional rights , it can potentially be enough to get charges dismissed .
We can also argue for a dismissal if the police cannot prove that you were in actual possession of the drugs .
If a dismissal is not possible , we can pursue other options , including pretrial diversion , community control or drug court , and mandatory inpatient rehab .
In addition , we can provide knowledgeable counsel regarding technical legal issues such as actual possession versus constructive possession of drugs .
Do n’t Take Chances — Contact Corey Cohen and Associates Today
Do not take chances with your life and freedom .
You need a defense attorney who has handled numerous drug charge cases and can provide experienced and knowledgeable representation .
Our legal team includes board certified criminal defense attorneys .
Call The Law Office of Corey I. Cohen & Associates at 407-246-0066 or contact us online for a free initial consultation today .
Se habla español
Oct. 26 , 2009  --
For 15 years , Kae Guardi loved her Depo - Provera , taking injections of the synthetic birth control hormone once every three months and never having to worry about menstruating .
But at age 48 , nearing menopause , Gaurdi went off it for eight months and was overwhelmed with severe symptoms : nausea , breast tenderness and fatigue .
And the dry heaves were so bad that she went back on the shots .
" I did n't know when they would hit -- usually in the morning or after 5 at night , " she told ABCNews.com .
" We could be in a restaurant or a ladies room and it would be so embarrassing , I would be crying and gagging so bad . "
" I tolerated the drug quite well and that 's why I 'm surprised at these side effects , " said the Endicott , N.Y. , secretary .
" Actually I liked the drug a lot -- told others how great it was .
Now I would n't recommend it to anyone . "
Guardi is one of 52 women who wrote to ABCNews.com about their experience with Depo Provera contraception injections .
Many reported bothersome symptoms when stopping the drug .
Gaurdi's doctors just " shrugged their shoulders " over her complaints .
Other gynecologists are also baffled and note that few long - term studies have been done on the hormone .
Produced by Pfizer , Depo - Provera is the brand name for an aqueous suspension of medroxyprogesterone acetate , which is injected every 12 weeks in the woman 's buttock or upper arm to prevent ovulation .
It is 97 percent effective in typical use .
The drug , which is also used to treat endometriosis , as well as other medical conditions , has had a long safety record since it was first introduced in 1967 .
The original manufacturer , Upjohn , was repeatedly denied approval by the Food and Drug Administration in the 1970s , until 1992 when it was allowed to market Depo - Provera in the United States for contraception .
Depo -Provera Can Cause Bone Loss
According to Pfizer spokesman Rebecca Hamm , Depo - Provera has been studied in clinical trials up to seven years .
Nausea was reported in 1 to 5 percent of women in the clinical trials and dry heaves was not listed as an adverse reaction .
One long - term trial showed a decline in women 's bone mineral density during use of Depo - Provera , but after 96 weeks of discontinuation , those losses were reversed .
" Women should discuss with their healthcare providers the risks and benefits of taking Depo - Provera , " Hamm told ABCNews.com .
Pfizer also clearly states on its packaging that women should only use Depo - Provera Contraceptive Injection for longer than two years , " if other methods of birth control are not right for you . "
" It 's been around a long time and mostly used for therapeutic things before contraception , " said Dr. Paul Kaplan , a University of Oregon gynecologist .
" But the studies have been on its effectiveness and not about long - term use , particularly because it 's unusual to be on it for longer than four to six years . "
Kaplan directed a 2008 study on synthetic progestins like Depo - Provera that showed a link with vascular disease in premenopausal women .
Synthetic progestins like Depo - Provera have been a boon to women who cannot take estrogen - based pills or other forms of birth control like the IUD .
The injections are also useful for teenagers who may not be " responsible " about remembering to take birth control , according to Kaplan .
Reversible side effects while taking the drug are well - documented -- weight gain , bone loss and delayed conception after stopping .
Women can also have up to an 18 - month lag in resuming ovulation .
But few doctors have heard of withdrawal symptoms .
Dr. Wulf H. Utian , a Cleveland Clinic gynecologist , worked with mentally challenged teens in South Africa in the 1970s who were put on Depo - Provera .
" It was a godsend for the families of these young women and we kept them on it for years , " he told ABCNews.com .
" It was an incredible advance for birth control and there were no obvious disadvantages . "
As for withdrawal symptoms , he said , " I just do n't know ... I 've never come across any study that looked at women 15 years on Depo - Provera , " he said .
" It 's not common practice . "
Some women who had injections for only two years reported serious withdrawal symptoms to ABCNews.com .
Nancy Jones of Midland , Texas , said stopping Depo - Provera was " like weaning yourself from a drug . "
" I had headaches , backaches and my period was like a monster , " she said .
" The cramping , irritability and just overall feelings were horrible .
It took quite some time for my body to readjust to where it should be . "
Depo -Provera Triggered Migraines
Mary Jean Hazeleger - Timmerman , a 45 - year - old from Godrey , Ontario , partially blames two years on the hormone for a disability that she says makes it impossible for her to work .
" After stopping the Depo - Provera I was having visual migraines that caused both of my eyes to lose partial vision and made it very difficult to function by sight , " she told ABCNews.com .
" They were a daily occurrence then and I still have them once every couple of months . "
" Since I have stopped the Depo - Provera I have had to be medicated for anxiety and depression on a continual basis , " said Hazeleger - Timmerman .
" Although my memory did improve , and I am no longer confused , life has never been the same for me . "
She admits to a family history of anxiety and depression , but said the injections made it " 100 times worse . "
Kaplan , who has not treated any of these women , told ABCNews.com that determining whether symptoms are caused by Depo - Provera is " complicated . "
Going off injections just before menopause , women find their bodies are in a " different stage of life . "
Also , when women are on Depo - Provera a medical condition can be masked .
Symptoms may " reappear " when stopping the hormone , according to Kaplan .
Such may have been the case with Carrie , a Florida 34 - year - old who did not want her last name used .
She was on Depo - Provera for five years and when she stopped , Carrie experienced irregular , heavy periods .
She also had breast tenderness and hot sweats .
" I started cramping severely and having tons of pain , " she told ABCNews.com .
" Then I went and saw my doctor who diagnosed me with ovarian cysts .
I have had multiple surgeries to have the cysts removed because they do not rupture on their own .
I tell everyone not to use this form of birth control . "
Haley of Ottawa , Kan. , said going off the injections was a " nightmare . "
The 30 - year - old operations manager was on Depo - Provera from age 15 to 18 , then again at 28 .
She gained more than 40 pounds , which she was never able to lose after stopping .
" I really felt like I was in terrible shape .
After that , I went on the pill and have been off the anti depressant now for almost a year .
The depression is resolved , but I still have n't lost the weight gained . "
Depo Controlled PMS , Which Returned
Barbara Phillips , a nurse practitioner from Aberdeen , Wash . , said one of her patients was so miserable on Depo - Provera that she refused to stop , even though she was suffering bone loss .
The 42 - year - old had been taking injections for 14 years to help ease her pre-menstrual syndrome ( PMS ) .
" For eight months , I ' talked to her about the long - term effects of Depo on her bones , " said Phillips .
" She did n't care .
Every time it was time for the shot , she 's insisted her moods became bad , her lower abdomen became tender , as well as her breast .
She stated that even her co-workers said to her that it must be time for her shot because of her mood .
" She literally kept begging me to continue giving her Depo , " said Phillips , who eventually declined .
" It was her PMS that had returned . "
Not all women have had problems .
Stacey Vickers of Houston used it for 14 years with no ill effects .
" I got off of Depo - Provera when I was 35 and switched to birth control pills , " she told ABCNews.com .
" After being on the birth control pills for about a year and half I went back on Depo - Provera .
I had a hysterectomy after that .
I have always encouraged women to try Depo - Provera .
I had bone density scans and took extra calcium to prevent bone loss .
I never had any issues with bone loss . "
After four years , Patty Gunn of Coeur d'Alene , Indiana , also just " quit taking it one day " and " nothing happened . "
" At 47 , all is fine , only very mild menopause symptoms , " she told ABCNews.com .
Anne Vorderbrueggen of Martinez , Calif. , who used Depo - Provera for three years then quit to get pregnant , told ABCNews.com that she worried reports of bad experiences would frighten women .
" I got pregnant exactly one year later and delivered a healthy baby boy in November of 2008 , and am now pregnant again , " she said .
" The fact is that Depo is a great solution for many women .
It is convenient , cheap and a very effective way to avoid an unwanted pregnancy . "
For those who are struggling , Dr. Louis Weinstein , head of obstetrics and gynecology at Philadelphia 's Thomas Jefferson University Hospital , said it 's hard to pinpoint what is causing so - called withdrawal symptoms .
" It 's like you do n't know why your car wo n't start , " said " Most of [ the symptoms ] have nothing to do with Depo - Provera .
There may be a lot of other things going and to blame that on Depo - Provera is just not fair .
We do n't know . "
The U.S. military spent tens of millions of dollars and years of work developing a microwave " pain beam , " but a combination of technical difficulties and political concerns kept the Pentagon from fielding the thing .
Now , an Israeli team says they 're working on their own own portable version .
And it'll cost just $ 250,000 .
The American weapon , known officially as the Active Denial System ( pictured , above ) , heats the target 's skin with short microwaves .
These only penetrate to about 1/64 of an inch .
That 's enough to be extremely painful but ( generally ) harmless .
In thousands of tests of the system , nobody has been able to stay in the beam for more than a few seconds .
The latest version developed by the Pentagon 's Joint Non-lethal Weapons Directorate is known as System 2 .
It weighs nine tons , and because some of the components require supercooling , it takes hours to prepare the weapon for action .
A portable version would only require a fraction of the power of the 100 - kilowatt System 2 , however .
The smaller device would also have a range of around 100 feet , heating an area perhaps four inches across , enough to stop or drive away an individual .
Existing Active Denial devices use a gyrotron , a type of free - electron maser .
The heart of this a vacuum tube in which electrons are gyrated ( hence gyrotron ) in a very strong magnetic field .
That field requires superconducting magnets , which need to be kept at ultra-low temperatures to function .
The U.S. military is trying to get away from Gyrotrons and replace them with solid - state electronics .
Earlier this year Danger Room , reported on a contract for classified work with Gallium Nitrideas " solid state source for use in non-lethal weapons . "
Like an LED which emits light , this would be much more robust and compact device .
Feed in electricity , get microwaves out .
At the same time the JNLWD is looking at infra-red lasers to do the same job .
These have disadvantages -– they do n't go through clothing as millimeter waves do , for one thing –- but it 's much easier to build a portable laser system .
However , the Israeli team is taking a different approach .
Researchers at the College of Judea & Samaria ( CJS ) , led by Dr. Moshe Einat , say that they have developed " unique know - how " which will allow them to build portable versions of the Active Denial " based on new research to manufacture small - scale portable gyrotrons . "
They claim the picture to the right is of a prototype .
Einat 's team did not respond to Danger Room requests for further information .
The claim seems plausible enough .
Earlier , Danger Room reported on a project by the Office of the Secretary of Defense to build a gyrotron using a permanent magnet made from new rare - earth materials .
The Israeli scientists may well have progressed along the same lines .
On their web site , they claim that :
The development of the 95 GHz portable gyrotron to be used as the basis for a Stun - Gun prototype would cost approximately $ 250,000 ( U.S. ) , with the program running 12 months in length .
Even if they can meet this ambitious budget and timescale , they are likely to run into another problem : testing .
The U.S. system required several years of human tests , before the military would even consider deploying it , and for various reasons they have yet to give it the green light .
However , the Israeli Defense Forces may be persuaded to take a more adventurous approach , having already used new non-lethals such as the malodorant " skunk bomb . "
But even if it does not go ahead , the project highlights how other countries could now develop their own versions on a shoestring budget .
The U.S. has shown that these short microwaves can be harnessed as a useful non-lethal weapon .
If a university department can do it in Israel , so can others in Russia , China or anywhere else .
The U.S. has been the leader and sole player in this technology for fifteen years , but that lead may be about to disappear – along with any control over how it is used .
[ Photos : JNLWD , College of Judea & Samaria ]
ALSO :
France 's ruling party , the conservative Union Pour un Mouvement Populaire ( UMP ) , says it plans to present a bill to parliament in January , which would ban full Islamic veils in all public places .
The bill is to be presented in the first two weeks of next month , just before the conclusions of a French parliamentary inquiry on the burqa and niqab are published .
Jean - Francois
Cope , the parliamentary party leader of the UMP , said the measure was meant to defend France from extremists .
" There are principles at stake : Extremists are putting the republic to the test by promoting a practice that they know is contrary to the basic principles of our country , " he said .
Veils " not welcome " in France
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said that veils that hide women 's faces in public are " not welcome " in France .
Most politicians say they would like to see the results of the parliamentary inquiry on the veils before they decide on the need for a law .
French president Nicolas Sarkozy says Islamic veils are " not welcome " in France
According to French Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux , about 1,900 women in France wear full Islamic veils .
Hortefeux has said that applications for French citizenship or residence by burqa wearing women , along with their husbands , should be " systematically " refused .
However , reports by French intelligence services put the number of women wearing burqas at " fewer than 400 . "
In the Paris newspaper Le Figaro , Cope said that the move was " a law of liberation " and not a ban .
A complete ban on Islamic veils could be met with legal obstacles , in the same way the Swiss ban on minarets was challenged by the European Court of Human Rights .
The French government has already been accused of racism with regard to its campaign to discuss national identity .
In 2004 , it passed a law banning headscarves and all other " conspicuous " religious symbols in state schools .
mk / AFP/AP
Editor : Chuck Penfold
Return to Texas Entomology - Compiled by Mike Quinn
Giant Spider Web in an East Texas State Park - 2007
Guatemalan Long- jawed Spider
Tetragnatha guatemalensis O. P. - Cambridge
Photo Credit : Donna Garde , Texas Parks & Wildlife
Lake Tawakoni State Park , n. Wills Point , Hunt Co. , Texas
August 15 , 2007 ( Donna Garde ) [ pronounced like " guard " ]
This web was first found by park staff on August 6 , 2007 , after an approximate two week absence of walking the trail .
This web and two other smaller versions are on the park 's large northeastern peninsula jutting out into the lake .
Google map of park
Almost all tetragnathids were making loose , messy , atypical webs like this .
Range : Nova Scotia , Minnesota , Kansas , New Mexico , southern California , south to Panama , Cuba , Jamaica .
( Levi 1981 )
Size :
Total length of females : 5.4 to 11.5 mm ( Levi 1981 )
Total length of males : 5.2 to 10.2 mm
Habitat :
On vegetation near water ( Levi 1981 )
Note :
One of the most common Long - jawed spiders in Texas is Tetragnatha laboriosa whose " reproductive capabilities and ability to disperse by ballooning are remarkable . "
( Jackman 1997 ) Remarkable indeed ...
Similar Species :
There are currently 989 species of spiders ( in 52 families ) known from Texas ( Dean , 2007 ) .
There are 15 species ( in six genera ) in the family Tetragnathidae in Texas ( Dean , 2007 ) .
There are 10 species in the genus Tetragnatha in Texas ( Dean , 2007 ) .
Tetragnatha caudata Emerton , 1884
Tetragnatha elongata Walckenaer , 1842
Tetragnatha guatemalensis O. P. - Cambridge , 1889
Tetragnatha laboriosa Hentz , 1850
Tetragnatha nitens ( Audouin , 1826 )
Tetragnatha pallescens F. O. P. - Cambridge , 1903
Tetragnatha straminea Emerton , 1884
Tetragnatha vermiformis Emerton , 1884
Tetragnatha versicolor Walckenaer , 1842
Tetragnatha viridis Walckenaer , 1842
Weblinks :
Photos :
Etymology : Tetragnatha guatemalensis O. P. - Cambridge
tetr , - a ( G ) .
Four
gnath , -o , =us ( G ) .
The Jaw
Guatemala - Country were spider was first discovered
Biography : Octavius Pickard - Cambridge ( 1828 - 1917 ) was an English clergyman and zoologist - Wikipedia
Chronology of Discovery August - Sept - Oct 2007
Contacts
Biology
Media
References
August 06 , 2007 - Web found by Texas Parks & Wildlife employee Freddie Gowin while mowing the trails at Lake Tawakoni State Park .
August 15 , 2007 - Donna Garde , Lake Tawakoni State Park Superintendent , took the following photo .
August 24 , 2007 - Donna Garde 's photo was sent to Mike Quinn , invertebrate biologist , Texas Parks & Wildlife and to a number of arachnologists .
Initial speculation was that the massive web belonged to a social spider , probably Anelosimus studiosus , family Theridiidae .
The email with with photos of the Lake Tawakoni web also included a photo of two Long - jawed Orb Weaver spiders , family Tetragnathidae , but these were considered to be incidental or minor contributors to the massive web as tetragnathids normally make orb webs which were not apparent in the photos of the giant web .
August 28 , 2007 - Robb Bennett , Ph.D. , Editor - in - Chief , The Canadian Entomologist ( pers. comm . Aug. 28 , 2007 )
" ... it would not surprise me if this is the result of another mass dispersal event ( rather than the result of theridiid communal activity ) .
The web page states that the web only appeared recently - in my experience communal spider webs take a considerable time to achieve this sort of size .
I have seen dictynid and theridiid communal webs achieving this magnitude ( and greater ) and morphology but those webs were all long established .
Araneid communal webs can be huge , too , but of course of different morphology and , similarly , take a long time to achieve great size .
August 28 , 2007 - Dr. Ingi Agnarsson , University of Akron , OH ( pers. comm. , Aug. 28 , 2007 )
" I agree .
I am excited about the possibility of this being a social spider , but it does n't make any sense as A. studiosus and if the web is recent it is much more likely to be the remains of an erigonine dispersal event .
Will be fun to find out though ...
August 29 , 2007 - Bill Hanna at the Fort Worth Star Telegram broke the story
Per photos , the dominant spider is a member of the family Tetragnathidae ( Long - jawed Orb Weavers )
August 31 , 2007 - Joe Lapp ( a.k.a. Spider Joe ) and Mike Quinn visited Lake Tawakoni State Park .
We shot some video and stills .
I collected a large sample of spiders with a beat sheet ( example ) .
" There were many other spiders in the webs .
In order of how common they appeared to be , most common first , I saw Tetragnathids , Salticids , Theridiids ( Argyrodes sp. ) , Araneids , Agelenids , and Lycosids .
We even had one Mimetid ( pirate / cannibal spider ) .
( Joe Lapp , Tawakoni visit report posted to TX - Ento , 2 Sep 2007 )
August 31 , 2007 - David Tidgwell sent this link to photos he shot of a similar event in Anthony C Beilenson Park , Encino , ( Los Angeles ) , California in February 2005 .
They completely enshrouded at least 200 m of trees along a stream .
Approximately eight Tetragnathids can be seen in this enlarged image .
September 1 , 2007 - Mike Quinn drove the spiders he collected on Aug. 31 to Texas A&M University , College Station and turned them over to Allen Dean , and John Jackman for identification .
The specimens will be curated in the Texas A&M University Insect Collection .
September 2 , 2007 - Allen Dean reported ( pers. comm. , Sept. 2007 ) that he identified 11 spider families from the sample I collected Aug. 31 .
The most common families from the sample were Tetragnathidae , Salticidae , Theridiidae and Araneidae with relatively few representatives from the remaining eight spider families .
There were no Linyphiidae spiders , nor any Anelosimus social spiders .
The most abundant spider was Tetragnatha guatemalensis O. P. - Cambridge .
A report will be issued shortly by John Jackman and Allen Dean .
Draft spider list .
September 2 , 2007 - David Richman , Professor and Curator of the Arthropod Museum , Dept. of Entomology , New Mexico State University , Las Cruces , NM , posted the following reply on Sept 2 to Joe Lapp 's Aug. 31 report .
" I have observed a similar aggregation of Tetragnatha at Newnans Lake in Alachua County , Florida .
Perhaps not as big , but certainly impressive , the " web " consisted of thousands of Tetragnatha webs literally stacked one upon the other .
...
The situation was [ near ( ? ) ] a huge midge ( Chironomidae ) emergence .
[ Links added by MAQ ]
September 1 - 3 , 2007 - 3,000 visitors came to the Lake Tawakoni State Park specifically to see the spider web over Labor Day Weekend !
September 4 , 2007 - Norman Horner , Midwestern State University , Wichita Falls , TX ( pers. comm. , Sept. 2007 ) :
" So far , we have been informed about webs of this nature occurring in Florida , California , Canada , Italy , Ohio and now Texas .
In all cases they appear to have been produced by tetragnathids ( long - jawed orb weavers ) , but have other spiders associated with them .
September 6 , 2007 - Hank Guarisco , Adjunct Curator of Arachnids , Sternberg Museum of Natural History , Fort Hays State University , Hays , Kansas reported the following :
" I have been here for several days and am making some very interesting observations .
...
The [ Tetragnatha ] females are actively building webs at night , and the males wander around .
They are often only 1 - 3 inches apart .
... I recognized Neoscona crucifera ( only a few ) , Larinioides cornutus , Phidippus audax , Agelenopsis and probably Barronopsis texana , Argyrodes elevatus and their distinctive egg sacs , Paraphidippus aurantius , Eris militaris , one Argiope aurantia .
There are many Larinioides that come out at night and build webs over everything .
...
Deep inside , there is Anelosimus studiosus , but not as obvious or common as I originally suspected .
September 7 , 2007
September 22 , 2007 - Joe Lapp , Lake Tawakoni 9/19 trip report
I visited Lake Tawakoni again , this time better armed with still cameras and a video camera .
I arrived Wednesday 9/19 at about noon , left about 30 hours later , and spent about half of that time observing the spiders .
I do n't know what the spiders are doing from midnight to 6 am , but I got a sense of things for the remaining hours .
( Full report ) Addendum : During the day , many male and female Tetragnathids -- but mostly females -- positioned themselves in orb webs made by the Araneids the night before .
October 1 , 2007 - A second large spider web was reported at Wind Point Park , located on the north side of Lake Tawakoni by Pam Rousseau , a park employee .
The web was first noticed about three weeks ago .
It 's now covering parts of 10 trees and is still growing .
Photos sent to Mike Quinn show a very fresh web engulfing multiple trees .
Joe Lapp and Hank Guarisco were conducting a second survey of the first web at Lake Tawakoni State Park when they received work of the second web at Wind Point Park .
They drove to the new web and reported ( pers. comm. , Oct. 2007 ) finding mostly Long - jawed Spiders , but also large numbers of Social Spiders , Anelosimus studiosus .
( ID yet to be confirmed . )
October 3 , 2007 - Two more sizable webs were located at Wind Point Park near the lake .
October 4 , 2007 - Joe Lapp confirmed that there is a large tetragnathid dominated spider web on Starnes Island in Lake Travis !
October 17 , 2007 - Jim Swift of KXAN.com aired a piece on Joe Lapp and the spider web on Starnes Island .
October 18 , 2007 - Large spider web reported at Arkansas Bend Park .
Google map to park southeast of Lago Vista , TX .
LCRA calls this 323 - acre park lies on the north shore of Lake Travis " one of the most isolated and untouched parks in Travis County " .
October 28 , 2007 - Joe Lapp was interviewed by Suzanne Dragan , Host " Animal Talk " 1450 Am WCTC , New Brunswick , NJ
January 2008 - Based on reports noted above , Mike Quinn constructed the following Google map :
The following people ( in alphabetical order ) are well versed in the giant spider web at Lake Tawakoni :
Media Reports
Bill broke the story ....
Star - Telegram - Fort Worth
Giant web creates bug buzz
August 29 , 2007
By BILL HANNA
-------------------------------------
Star - Telegram - Fort Worth
Colossal spider web gets worldwide attention
August 31 , 2007
By BILL HANNA
-------------------------------------
New York Times
Got Arachnophobia ?
Here ’s Your Worst Nightmare
August 31 , 2007
By GRETEL C. KOVACH
WILLS POINT , Tex. , Aug. 29 — Most spiders are solitary creatures .
So the discovery of a vast web crawling with millions of spiders that is spreading across several acres of a North Texas park is causing a stir among scientists , and park visitors .
Sheets of web have encased several mature oak trees and are thick enough in places to block out the sun along a nature trail at Lake Tawakoni State Park , near this town about 50 miles east of Dallas .
The gossamer strands , slowly overtaking a lakefront peninsula , emit a fetid odor , perhaps from the dead insects entwined in the silk .
The web whines with the sound of countless mosquitoes and flies trapped in its folds .
( This story was No.1 on the list of most emailed stories from that day 's edition of the New York Times , and it was the lead story in the Nation section of the print edition ... )
------------------------------------
Reuters
Texas spiders ' monstrous webs baffle scientists
Sept 1 , 2007
By ED STODDARD
LAKE TAWAKONI STATE PARK , Texas - Texans like to say everything in their state is bigger .
They can now add spider webs to that list .
[ This report was picked up by Scientific American.com ]
------------------------------------
The Dallas Morning News
Experts :
Mass web made by spiders living in harmony
Sept. 11 , 2007
By
Hohmann ( pers. comm. , Sept 11 , 2007 ) :
The spider web follow up that ran today is the most visited story on the web site today , again .
People at the office are even talking about it around the water cooler , still weeks later .
------------------------------------
Star - Telegram - Fort Worth
Thousands of spiders worked together to build huge web
Sept. 12 , 2007
By ANNA M. TINSLEY
------------------------------------
ScienceDaily
Enormous Spider Web Found In Texas
Sep. 13 , 2007
An arachnaphobe ’s worst nightmare , the gauzy , insect - laden web drew more than 3,300 curious visitors over the three - day holiday to this 376 - acre park on the shore of Lake Tawakoni , 50 miles east of Dallas .
On Labor Day , the park recorded 1,275 people visiting just to see the web .
------------------------------------
Star - Telegram - Fort Worth
Another giant spider web discovered
Oct. 02 , 2007
By Bill Hanna
Just as a gigantic web that drew worldwide attention wanes , another one is forming on the opposite side of Lake Tawakoni .
------------------------------------
Star - Telegram - Fort Worth
The 10 most - read stories of 2007
Dec. 31 , 2007
7 . Giant web creates bug buzz
Aug. 30 - Bill Hanna - Star - Telegram staff writer
STAR -TELEGRAM / TOM PENNINGTON
See a close - up view of the spider web
Very High Resolution
Lake Tawakoni State Park rangers Mike McCord , left , and Freddie Gowin monitor the growth of a giant communal spider web at the park Tuesday .
The web , rare for Texas , has formed over the past several weeks .
( This photograph has since been reproduced many times around the world .
Note : shot with a wide angle lens so perspective is distorted . )
------------------------------------
NBC Channel 5 - Dallas / Fort Worth
Sprawling Spider Web Engulfs North Texas Trail
August 30 , 2007
------------------------------------
Huge Spider Web Attracting the Curious in Texas
By Mike Chang on Sept 2 , 2007 in ScienceMode
( False color photo of web )
------------------------------------
TPWD Images : Downloads for News Media
Tawakoni Spiders
Health & Science
NPR : Even Spiders Know Everything 's Bigger in Texas ( 04:53 )
All Things Considered , Lake Tawakoni State Park in Texas has some new tenants : spiders – lots of spiders .
And they 've spun a giant communal web .
Several hundred yards along a nature trail have been taken over by the elaborate arachnid construction .
Webs stretch from tree to tree — and down to the ground .
Donna Garde , the superintendent of the park , talks with Melissa Block .
YouTube Video
Huge Spider Web Spun in Texas
check this video out .
a massive colony that consisted of thousands of spiders got together and spun a monster web overnight that is as long as two football fields .
watch this video and hear what the eyewitnesses have to say in this tiny town called wills point , 40 miles east of dallas .
( Interview of Texas Parks & Wildlife park staff Freddie Gowin and Donna Garde , plus park visitors . )
-------------------------------------
Star - Telegram - Fort Worth
A Tangled Web : Massive Spider Web At Lake Tawakoni State Park
A massive spider web has spread over a large area at Lake Tawakoni State Park , drawing visitors , and international attention , to the area .
( August 31 , 2007 ) Video and editing by Darrell Byers
( Interview of Mike Quinn , invertebrate biologist , TPW )
-------------------------------------
KLTV 7 Tyler - Longview - Jacksonville
Giant Spider Web Spins The Heads Of Experts
It 's like the movie Arachnophobia came to life , and it 's right here in East Texas .
( Interview of TPW park staff Freddie Gowin and Donna Garde , plus park visitors . )
-------------------------------------
FOXNews.com
Millions of spiders spin web spanning 200 yards in Texas
( Interviews of Donna Garde , Mike Quinn )
-------------------------------------
CNN affiliate WFAA
Monster spider web spun in Texas
August 31 , 2007
( Park Superintendent Donna Garde discusses web in background )
-------------------------------------
NBC5i.com Reveals 2007's Most Popular Stories
December 31 , 2007
FORT WORTH , Texas -- NBC5i.com covered hundreds of memorable stories in 2007 , but five stories -- which range from hard news to entertainment , with a dash of weird news in between -- clicked the most with viewers .
A massive spider web captured so many viewer clicks it comes in as NBC5i.com 's No. 5 most popular story of 2007 .
The two giant spider webs that formed at Lake Tawakoni drew worldwide attention in October .
The spider webs covered hundreds of feet and were the collaboration of possibly thousands of spiders , experts said .
Images | Video
Wikinews , the free news source you can write !
200 yard spider web found in Lake Tawakoni State Park , East Texas
September 1 , 2007
------------------------------------
Boing Boing
Best comment posted by Stacyj , September 13 , 2007 8:29 AM :
Man , I would - love - to see that ( and wow , I had no idea that there were such things as pirate spidarrrrrs !
The universe gets more delightful by the day ! )
Giant spider web threatens Lake Tawakoni visitors
From the " OMG ! " files .
By John P. Meyer September 2 , 2007
Disconsolate over the discovery of his hidden lair , Spider - man can only sit and brood .
( This was the fav of the park staff )
-------------------------------------
Monster web spun around Predator Chapel Ranch in Crawford , Texas
The Spoof ( satire ) , UK - Aug 31 , 2007
A monster web of deceit has been discovered surrounding the Predator Chapel Ranch home of George W Bush according to Texas A&M University entomologist Professor John Jackman .
" This is not the work of just one ugly little spider , " Jackman said today .
" It is the work of millions of small ones who have been spinning away such a whoppoing great big scam that it defies all logic , all comprehension and all the rules of criminal justice . "
" Sure , there were reports of similar webs every few years during the Clinton Administrations , " Jackman added , " but we always dismissed these as ' fairy - tales ' .
World 's Largest Communal Spider Web ?
Spiders weave huge natural wonder in B.C. November 27 , 2002 - CBC News PRINCE GEORGE , B.C. - A biology professor [ since retired ] in northern British Columbia has spotted a clover field crawling with spiders .
Brian
Thair of the College of New Caledonia in Prince George said he saw a silky , white web stretching 60 acres across a field .
[ It was first spotted in the week of Oct. 27 . ]
" When you see horror movies with spider web festooned from this place to that place and so on , it comes nowhere near approaching what occurred in this field , " Thair told CBC Radio 's As It Happens .
A typical barbwire fence on wood posts surrounded the field about six kilometres east of McBride in the Robson Valley .
Thair said it looked like the whole area was covered with an opaque , white plastic grocery store bag .
The thin , elastic coasting was not soft and fluffy like webs built by individual spiders .
There were about two spiders per square centimetre laying the silk , which first appeared in early October .
Thair said the web showed great tensile strength – enough to put a handful of coins on it without them falling through .
There were " in the order of tens of millions of spiders running frantically back and forth . " < snip >
This massive spider web proved not to be from social spiders , but rather sheet weaver spiders of the family Linyphiidae undergoing a " large - scale autumnal migration . "
Bennett ( 2003 ) reported " critical examination of over 250 of the specimens revealed that all but one are adult erigonine linyphiids and the great majority are Halorates ksenia ( Crosby & Bishop ) , listed as Collinsia ksenius ( Crosby & Bishop ) by Platnick ( 2002 ) . "
" Although apparently not previously recorded in Canada , large - scale autumnal migrations of erigonine spiders have attracted considerable attention elsewhere .
Similar events have been described from a wise variety of north and south temperate locations including the United States , the United Kingdom , continental Europe , Greenland [! ] , Argentina , and Australia . " ( Bennett 2003 )
Closer the the Tawakoni SP nest , Salmon & Horner ( 1977 ) studied the aerial dispersal of spiders collected in a suction trap located on the roof of the Science Building at Midwestern State University , Wichita Falls , in north central Texas .
" In a 365 day period 3400 ballooning spiders belonging to 14 families were collected in a suction trap .
The four most common ballooning families were Erigonidae , Thomisidae , Oxyopidae , and Tetragnathidae .
These four families make of 77 % of the total .
Peak periods of spider aerial dispersal occurred during early spring through early summer and late summer through fall . "
Bibliography :
Aiken , M. & F.A. Coyle . 2000 .
Habitat distribution , life history and behavior of Tetragnatha spider species in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park .
The Journal of Arachnology 28 : 97–106 .
Bennett , R. 2003 .
Mass dispersal of erigonine spiders from a clover field in British Columbia , Canada .
Newsletter of the British Arachnological Society , 97 : 2 - 3 .
Borror , D.J. 1960 .
Dictionary of Word Roots and Combining Forms .
National Press Books , Palo Alto. 134 pp .
Breene , R.G. , D.A. Dean , M. Nyffeler & G.B. Edwards .
1993 .
Biology , Predation Ecology , and Significance of Spiders in Texas Cotton Ecosystems with a Key to Species .
Texas Agriculture Experiment Station , College Station , 115 pp .
Burgess , J.W. 1978 .
Social behavior in group - living spider species .
Symposia of the Zoological Society of London .
42 : 69 -78 .
Burgess , J.W. , & G.W. Uetz , 1982 .
Social spacing strategies in spiders .
Pp. 319-351 in : P.N. Witt , & J.S. Rovner .
1982 . Spider Communication , Mechanisms and Ecological Significance .
Princeton University Press , Princeton , N.J. 440 pp .
Buskirk , R.E. 1975 .
Coloniality , activity patterns and feeding in a tropical orb - weaving spider .
Ecology , 56 ( 6 ) : 1314-1328 .
Buskirk , R.E. 1975 .
Aggressive display and orb defense in a colonial spider , Metabus gravidus .
Animal Behavior 23 ( 2 ) : 560-567 .
Buskirk , R.E. 1981 .
Sociality in the Arachnids .
Pp. 281-367 in : H.R. Hermann ( editor ) .
Social insects .
Vol. III .
Academic Press , New York. 437 pp. [ Review ]
Buskirk , R.E. 1986 .
Orb -weaving spiders in aggregations modify individual web structure .
Journal of Arachnology , 14 : 259-265 .
Cambridge , O. P.-. 1889 . Arachnida .
Araneida .
In : Biologia Centrali - Americana , Zoology .
London , 1 : 1 - 56 . [ Tetragnatha plate ]
Coddington , J.A. & H.W. Levi. 1991 .
Systematics and evolution of spiders ( Araneae ) .
Annual Review of Ecology and Systematics 22 : 565–592 .
Dabrowska - Prot , E. , J. Luczak , & K. Tarwid.
1968a .
Prey and predator density and their reactions in the process of mosquito reduction by spiders in field experiments .
Ekologiya Polska .
Seria A 16 : 773-819 .
Dabrowska - Prot , E. , J. Luczak , and K. Tarwid.
1968 b .
The predation of spiders on forest mosquitoes in field experiments .
Journal of Medical Entomology , 5 : 252-256 .
Dean , D.A. 2007 .
Catalogue of Texas Spiders .
Texas A&M University , College Station .
Dean , D.A. & W.L. Sterling .
1990 .
Seasonal patterns of spiders captured in suction traps in eastern Texas .
Southwestern Entomologist , 15 : 399-412 .
Foelix , R.F. 1996 .
Biology of spiders , 2nd edition .
Oxford University Press , New York .
336 pp.356-359 .
Gertsch , W.J. 1979 .
American Spiders .
2nd Ed. Van Nostrand Reinhold , NY .
Gillespie , R.G. 1987 .
The role of prey availability in aggregative behavior of the orb weaving spider Tetragnatha elongata .
Animal Behaviour , 35 : 675-681 .
Gillespie , R.G. 1987 .
The mechanism of habitat selection in the long - jawed orb - weaving spider Tetragnatha elongata ( Araneae , Araneidae ) .
Journal of Arachnology , 15 : 81-90 .
Greenstone , M .H. , C.E. Morgan & A. - L. Hultsh .
1987 .
Ballooning spiders in Missouri , USA , and Ballooning Spiders in Missouri , USA , and New South Wales , Australia : Family and Mass Distributions .
Journal of Arachnology , 15 : 163-170 . [ full PDF , HTML ]
Guarisco , H. 2005 .
Checklist of Kansas Orbweaving Spiders .
The Kansas School Naturalist , 52 ( 2 ) : 1 -16 .
Horner , N.V. 1974 .
Annual Aerial Dispersal of Jumping Spiders in Oklahoma ( Araneae , Salticidae ) .
Journal of Arachnology , 2 ( 2 ) : 101-105 .
Jackman , J.A. 1997 .
A Field Guide to the Spiders and Scorpions of Texas .
Gulf Publishing Co. , Houston .
201 pp .
To order call : 800-462-6420 .
Jackman , J.A. , A. Dean , M. Quinn .
2007 .
Spiders from a large web at Lake Tawakoni , Texas .
Southwestern Entomologist 32 ( 4 ) : 195-202 .
Kaston , B.J. 1978 .
How to Know the Spiders .
3rd Ed. Wm. Brown Co. , Dubuque , Iowa .
Levi , H.W. 1981 .
The American orb - weaver genera Dolichognatha and Tetragnatha north of Mexico ( Araneae : Araneidae , Tetragnathinae ) .
Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoology , 149 ( 5 ) : 271-318 .
Levi , H. & L. Levi 1990 .
Golden Guide to Spiders & Their Kin. Golden Press , NY .
Luczak , J. 1970 .
Behavior of a spider population in the presence of mosquitoes .
Ekologiya Polska , 18 : 625-634 .
Mansour , F. , J.W. Ross , G.B. Edwards , W.H. Whitcomb & D.B. Richman . 1982 .
Spiders of Florida citrus groves .
Florida Entomologist 65 ( 4 ) : 514-522 .
Muma , M.H. 1975 .
Spiders in Florida citrus groves .
Florida Entomologist , 58 : 83-90 .
Platnick , N.I. 2007 .
The World Spider Catalog , Version 8.0 .
American Museum of Natural History , New York .
Powers , K.S. & L. Avilés .
2007 .
The role of prey size and abundance in the geographical distribution of spider sociality .
Journal of Animal Ecology , 76 ( 5 ) : 995–1003 .
Roth , V.D. 1994 .
Spider Genera of North America , with Keys to Families and Genera and a Guide to Literature .
3rd ed. American Arachnological Society , Gainesville . 203 pp .
Rypstra , A.L. 1986 .
High prey abundance and a reduction in cannibalism :
The first step to sociality ( Arachnida ) .
The Journal of Arachnology , 14 : 193-200 .
Salmon , J.T. & N.V. Horner .
1977 . Aerial Dispersion of Spiders in North Central Texas .
Journal of Arachnology , 5 ( 2 ) : 153-157 . ( full HTML )
Ubick , D. , P. Paquin , P.E. Cushing & V. Roth ( editors ) .
2005 .
Spiders of North America : an Identification Manual .
American Arachnological Society .
377 pp
Whitehouse , M.E.A. & Y. Lubin. 2005 .
The functions of societies and the evolution of group living : spider societies as a test case .
Biological Reviews , 80 ( 3 ) : 347–361 .
11 Mar 2011 © Mike Quinn / entomike@gmail.com / Texas Entomology
The opening days of the Copenhagen climate - change conference have been rife with denials and — dare we say it ?— deniers .
American delegate Jonathan Pershing said the emails and files leaked from East Anglia have helped make clear " the robustness of the science . "
Talk about brazening it out .
And Rajendra Pachauri , the head of the U.N. 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and so ex-officio guardian of the integrity of the science , said the leak proved only that his opponents would stop at nothing to avoid facing the truth of climate change .
Uh -huh .
Mr ....
( CNN ) --
It takes one hour to fly from Los Angeles , California , to Las Vegas , Nevada , but why take the easy route when you can squeeze in stops in Asia , the Middle East and Europe along the way ?
The contestants in this season 's " The Amazing Race " had an itinerary any globe - trotter would envy , except perhaps the couple of real Harlem Globetrotters who did well in the competition only to be eliminated near the end of the race in Prague , the Czech Republic .
For those unfamiliar with " The Amazing Race , " the hit reality television series takes a dozen two - member teams and sends them on a crazy , breakneck pace journey around the world in search of clues that will lead them to the next stop in the competition .
The first team to finish gets $ 1 million .
This season 's race began in Los Angeles and had contestants doing everything from playing volleyball in the mud in Estonia to guiding tourists across one of the world 's busiest intersections in Tokyo , Japan , to herding ducks in Vietnam .
They zipped from country to country and continent to continent by plane , car , bus , ferry and ship .
Explore the map above to see this season 's route and some of the key sites .
" It was physically , mentally , emotionally the hardest thing that we 've ever done , but [ also ] life changing and rewarding .
But it 's good to be home , " said Tiffany Michelle , who competed on the race with best friend and fellow professional poker player Maria Ho .
The two women dropped out of the race in the Netherlands , where they could n't finish a game of strangely modified golf in the idyllic , but windy , countryside .
" Amazing Race " poker players answer holiday question : " Naughty or nice ? "
Perhaps the most memorable leg of the race took place in Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates .
Contestants first endured extreme heat when they had to find water in the stunning Dubai Desert Conservation Reserve , where visitors can take part in desert safaris and camel treks , then shivered as they entered the wintry , freezing landscape of Ski Dubai , the first indoor ski resort in the Middle East .
( No , it 's not a mirage .
You can ski and toboggan in the middle of the desert . )
Other stops included Cambodia , where teams had to find a hotel where Jacqueline Kennedy stayed during her visit in 1967 , and Sweden , where the contestants had to plunge 24 stories in three seconds during a ride at an amusement park in Stockholm , Sweden .
The race ends in Las Vegas , Nevada , on Sunday .
Only one team can win , but most of the contestants likely have enough stamps in their passports and frequent flyer miles in their accounts to last for a while .
Gideon Levy pulls no punches :
Israel of 2009 is a spoiled country , arrogant and condescending , convinced that it deserves everything and that it has the power to make a fool of America and the world .
The United States has engendered this situation , which endangers the entire Mideast and Israel itself .
That is why there needs to be a turning point in the coming year 
Washington needs to finally say no to Israel and the occupation .
An unambiguous , presidential no .
One question that should always be asked of an ally : what is that ally doing for the US ?
Since the end of the Cold War , that question has been increasingly hard to answer with respect to Israel .
Strategically , Israel is obviously a huge burden for the US , making relations with Muslim or Arab nations much harder , and undermining any attempt to portray American intervention in , say , Iraq or Afghanistan , as beneficent rather than predatory .
It 's a big drain on the Treasury , as Israel consumes a vast amount of military and non-military aid .
It 's a big blow to any attempt by the US to restrain nuclear weaponry , since Israel has 150 nuclear weapons and threatens regional and global war if its monopoly is in any way challenged .
And it means that American money is directly connected to the mass killings of civilians in Gaza last January .
Despite all this , an American president 's primary concern is maintaining the support of Israel !
And secretary of state Clinton can actually applaud Netanyahu for telling her own president to go pull a Cheney .
Python moratorium and the future of 2.x
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
On November 9 , Python BDFL ( " Benevolent Dictator For Life " ) Guido van Rossum froze the Python language 's syntax and grammar in their current form for at least the upcoming Python 2.7 and 3.2 releases , and possibly for longer still .
This move is intended to slow things down , giving the larger Python community a chance to catch up with the latest Python 3.x releases .
The idea of freezing the language was originally proposed by Van Rossum in October on the python - ideas list and discussed on LWN .
There are three primary arguments for the freeze , all described in the original proposal :
Letting alternate implementations , IDEs , catch up : [...] frequent changes to the language cause pain for implementors of alternate implementations ( Jython , IronPython , PyPy , and others probably already in the wings ) at little or no benefit to the average user [...]
Encouraging the transition to Python 3.x : The main goal of the Python development community at this point should be to get widespread acceptance of Python 3000 .
There is tons of work to be done before we can be comfortable about Python 3.x , mostly in creating solid ports of those 3rd party libraries that must be ported to Py3 k before other libraries and applications can be ported .
Redirecting effort to the standard library and the CPython implementation : Development in the standard library is valuable and much less likely to be a stumbling block for alternate language implementations .
I also want to exclude details of the CPython implementation , including the C API from being completely frozen — for example , if someone came up with ( otherwise acceptable ) changes to get rid of the [ Global Interpreter Lock ]
I would n't object .
The proposal turned into PEP 3003 , " Python Language Moratorium " , which is more definite about what cannot be changed :
New built-ins
Language syntax
The grammar file essentially becomes immutable apart from ambiguity fixes .
The grammar file essentially becomes immutable apart from ambiguity fixes .
General language semantics
The language operates as - is with only specific exemptions ...
The language operates as - is with only specific exemptions ...
New __future__ imports
These are explicitly forbidden , as they effectively change the language syntax and / or semantics ( albeit using a compiler directive ) .
Adding a new method to a built - in type will still be open for consideration , and so is changing language semantics that turn out to be ambiguous or difficult to implement .
Python 's C API can be changed in any way that does n't impose grammar or semantic changes , and the modules in the standard library are still fair game for improvement .
The duration of the freeze is given in the PEP as " a period of at least two years from the release of Python 3.1 . "
Python 3.1 was released on June 27 2009 , so the freeze would extend until at least June 2011 .
Van Rossum later clarified the duration on python - dev , writing " In particular , the moratorium would include Python 3.2 ( to be released 18 - 24 months after 3.1 ) but ( unless explicitly extended ) allow Python 3.3 to once again include language changes . "
Most responses to the moratorium idea were favorable , but those who had objections felt those objections very strongly .
Steven D'Aprano wrote :
A moratorium is n't cost - free .
With the back - end free to change , patches will go stale over 2 + years .
People will lose interest or otherwise move on .
Those with good ideas but little patience will be discouraged .
I fully expect that , human nature being as it is , those proposing a change , good or bad , will be told not to bother wasting their time , there 's a moratorium on at least as often as they 'll be encouraged to bide their time while the moratorium is on .
A moratorium turns Python 's conservativeness up to 11 .
If Python already has a reputation for being conservative in the features it accepts — and I think it does — then a moratorium risks giving the impression that Python has become the language of choice for old guys sitting on their porch yelling at the damn kids to get off the lawn .
That 's a plus for Cobol .
I do n't think it is a plus for Python .
The 2 - to - 3 transition
One of the reasons for the moratorium is the developers ' increasing concern at the slow speed of the user community 's transition away from Python 2.x .
The moratorium thread led to a larger discussion of where Python 3.x stands .
Progress on the transition can be roughly measured by looking at the third - party packages available for Python 3.x .
Only about 100 of the 8000 packages listed on the Python Package Index claim to be compatible with Python 3 , and many significant packages have not yet been ported ( Numeric Python , MySQLdb , PyGTk ) , making it impossible for users to port their in - house code or application .
Few Linux distributions have even packaged a Python 3.x release yet .
For the Python development community , it 's tempting to nudge the users toward Python 3 by discouraging them from using Python 2 .
The Python developers have been dividing their attention between the 2.x and 3.x branches for a few years now , and a significant number of them would like to refocus their attention on a single branch .
Given the slow uptake of Python 3 , though , it 's difficult to know when Python 2 development can stop .
The primary suggestions in the recent discussion were :
Declare Python 2.6 the last 2.x release .
Declare Python 2.7 the last 2.x release .
After Python 2.7 , continue with a few more releases ( 2.8 , 2.9 , etc. ) .
Declare the 3.x branch an experimental version , call it dead , and begin back - porting features to the 2.x branch .
Abandoning the 3.x branch had very few supporters .
Retroactively declaring 2.6 the final release was also not popular , because people have been continuing to apply and backport improvements on the assumption that there was going to be a 2.7 release .
As Skip Montanaro phrased it :
2.6.0 was released over a year ago and there has been no effort to suppress bug fix or feature additions to trunk since then .
If you call 2.6 " the end of 2.x " you 'll have wasted a year of work on 2.7 with about a month to go before the first 2.7 alpha release .
If you want to accelerate release of 2.7 ( fewer alphas , compressed schedule , etc ) that 's fine , but I do n't think you can turn back the clock at this point and decree that 2.7 is dead .
A significant amount of work has already been committed to the 2.7 branch , as can be seen by reading " What 's New in Python 2.7 " or the more detailed NEWS file .
New features include an ordered dictionary type , support for using multiple context managers in a single with statement , more accurate numeric conversions and printing , and several features backported from Python 3.1 .
Clearly a 2.7 release will happen , and manager Benjamin Peterson 's draft release schedule projects a 2.7 final release in June 2010 .
There 's no clear consensus on whether to continue making further releases after 2.7 .
Post - 2.7 releases could continue to bring 2.x and 3.x into closer compatibility and improve porting tools such as the 2to3 script , while keeping existing 2.x users happy with bugfixes and a few new features , but this work does cost effort and time .
Brett Cannon stated his case for calling an end with 2.7 :
[...]
I think a decent number of us no longer want to maintain the 2.x series .
Honestly , if we go past 2.7 I am simply going to stop backporting features and bug fixes .
It 's just too much work keeping so many branches fixed .
Raymond Hettinger argued that imposing an end - of - life is unpleasant for users :
I do not buy into the several premises that have arisen in this thread .
[ First premise : ]
For 3.x to succeed , something bad has to happen to 2.x .
( which in my book translates to intentionally harming 2.x users , either through neglect or force , in order to bait them into switching to 3.x ) .
Hettinger is unmoved by the argument that maintaining 2.x takes up a lot of time , arguing that backporting a feature is relatively quick compared to the time required to implement it in the first place .
He 's also concerned that 3.x still needs more polishing , and concludes :
In all these matters , I think the users should get a vote .
And that vote should be cast with their decision to stay with 2.x , or switch to 3.x , or try to support both .
Assessment
Declaring such a long - term freeze on the language 's evolution is a surprising step , and not one that developer groups often choose .
Languages defined by an official standard , such as C , C++ , or Lisp , are forced to evolve very slowly because of the slow standardization process , but Python is not so minutely specified .
D'Aprano makes a good point that the developers are already pretty conservative ; most suggestions for language changes are rejected .
On the other hand , switching to Python 3.x is a big jump for users and book authors ; temporarily halting further evolution may at least give them the sense they 're not aiming for a constantly shifting target .
It 's probably premature to call the transition to Python 3.x a failure , or even behind schedule .
These transitions invariably take a lot of time and proceed slowly .
Many Linux distributions have adopted Python for writing their administrative tools , making the interpreter critical to the release process .
Distribution maintainers will therefore be very conservative about upgrading the Python version .
It 's a chicken - and - egg problem ; third - party developers who stick to their distribution 's packages can't use Python 3 yet , which means they do n't port their code to Python 3 , which gives distributions little incentive to package it .
Eventually the community will switch , but it 'll take a few years .
The most helpful course for the Python developers is probably to demonstrate and document how applications can be ported to Python 3 , as Martin von Löwis has done by experimentally porting Django to Python 3.x , and where possible get the resulting patches accepted by upstream .
It remains to be seen if a volunteer development group 's efforts can be successfully redirected by declaring certain lines of development to be unwelcome .
Volunteers want to work on tasks that are interesting , or amusing , or relevant to their own projects .
The moratorium may lead to a perception that Python development is stalled , and developers may start up DVCS - hosted branches of Python that contain more radical changes , or move on to some other project that 's more entertaining .
The nearest parallel might be the code freezes for versions 2.4 and 2.6 of the Linux kernel .
The code freeze for Linux 2.4 was declared in December 1999 , and 2.5.0 did n't open for new development until November 2001 , nearly two years later .
The long duration of the freeze led to a lot of pressure to bend the rules to get in one more feature or driver update .
Python 's code freeze will be of similar length and there may be similar pressure to slip in just one little change .
However , freezing the language still leaves lots of room to improve the standard library and the CPython implementation , enhance developer tools , and explore other areas not covered by the moratorium .
Perhaps these tasks are enough of an outlet for creative energy to keep people interested .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Michigan and Wacker
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Well back to the last year , you of course died at the beginning of it which put things to a sour start .
I spent last night with your mum and dad , we went to that Italian place in Wicker Park , who on the surface seem to be coping .
I had everyone get together for my 25th which went well , your ladies are on top form and I think some engagements are brewing .
Ellen is turning up the heat on Steve who will soon be forced down to one knee as you predicted .
Last weekend I finally took the step of cleaning out your clothes from the closet , which is very barren now .
I invited your friends over to take your what they liked , it was an awkward session .
I think they took them more as a favor to me than anything else .
Liz cried when we pulled out all of your shoes , Miranda joined in and then Catherine broke down .
It was strange to stand in our bedroom surrounded by three crying girls .
I made a joke about them crying for joy at the prospect of some free Manolo Balhniks which they did n’t seem to find very funny .
A few girls have put the moves on and as you know picking up women is not a forte of mine .
It seems the grieving boyfriend seems to be a good angle .
Who knew !
I went on one date and spent it talking about you , the poor girl .
You would have found it quite witty I think .
No other dates to report , I am going against your orders to move on for now .
I found one of those hair tie things that somehow managed to squeeze into every crevice in the apartment .
It was under the bed .
I sat on the floor holding it and cried .
Until then I had held everything together but it just all came flooding out .
Every morning when I wake up I forget for a fraction of a second that you are gone and I reach for you .
All I ever find is the cold side of the bed .
My eyes settle on the picture of us in Paris , on the bedside table , and I am overjoyed that even though the time was brief I loved you and you loved me .
Love , P.
Mr. October , Mr. November , Mr. Rivera
Yankees closer Mariano Rivera is one of the most dominant postseason performers in baseball history .
He has allowed only 2 home runs , has 42 saves , and has a 0.72 e.r.a. over 92 postseason games .
A batter - by - batter look at his playoff career .
Cryptome is hosting several ISPs ' pricelists and guidelines for " lawful spying " activities on behalf of
law enforcement .
Included is Yahoo's price - guide ( hilariously , Yahoo tried to send them a
copyright takedown notice to make this go away ) .
One of the more remarkable elements of Yahoo's document is the sheer quantity of material that
Yahoo retains for very , very long periods .
From /. : " IP logs last for one year , but the original IPs used to create accounts have been kept since 1999 .
The contents of your Yahoo account are bought for $ 30 to $ 40 by law enforcement agencies . "
Yahoo ! will seek reimbursement based on the actual time expended by Yahoo !'s compliance staff in complying with
the request .
The average costs related to compliance matters are listed below for your convenience .
These
estimates are neither a ceiling nor a floor but represent the average costs of typical searches .
Time spent may vary
considerably based on the wording of the request and the information available about the user .
These time
estimates are also based on narrowly tailored requests that do not require extensive searches in multiple
databases .
These estimates are not price quotes , budgets , or guarantees and should not be used for budgeting
purposes .
Yahoo !
reserves the right to adjust its estimates and reimbursement charges as necessary .
* Basic subscriber records : approx .
$ 20 for the first ID , $ 10 per ID thereafter * Basic Group Information ( including information about moderators ) : approx .
$ 20 for a group with a single moderator * Contents of subscriber accounts , including email : approx .
$ 30 - $ 40 per user * Contents of Groups : approx .
$ 40 – $ 80 per group
Yahoo Lawful Spying Guide
( via /. )
Older adults who used the herbal supplement Ginkgo biloba for several years did not have a slower rate of cognitive decline compared to adults who received placebo , according to a new study .
" Ginkgo biloba is marketed widely and used with the hope of improving , preventing , or delaying cognitive impairment associated with aging and neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer disease , " the authors write .
" Indeed , in the United States and particularly in Europe , G biloba is perhaps the most widely used herbal treatment consumed specifically to prevent age - related cognitive decline . "
However , evidence from large clinical trials regarding its effect on long - term cognitive functioning is lacking .
Beth E. Snitz , Ph.D. , of the University of Pittsburgh , and colleagues analyzed outcomes from the Ginkgo Evaluation of Memory ( GEM ) study to determine if G biloba slowed the rate of cognitive decline in older adults who had normal cognition or mild cognitive impairment ( MCI ) at the beginning of the study .
The GEM study previously found that G biloba was not effective in reducing the incidence of Alzheimer dementia or dementia overall .
The randomized , double - blind , placebo - controlled clinical trial included 3,069 community - dwelling participants , ages 72 to 96 years , who received a twice - daily dose of 120 - mg extract of G biloba ( n = 1,545 ) or identical - appearing placebo ( n = 1,524 ) .
The study was conducted at six academic medical centers in the United States between 2000 and 2008 , with a median ( midpoint ) follow - up of 6.1 years .
Change in cognition was assessed by various tests and measures .
In this study , the largest randomized controlled trial of G biloba to report on outcomes to date , the researchers found no evidence for an effect of G biloba on global cognitive change and no evidence of effect on specific cognitive domains of memory , language , attention , visuospatial abilities and executive functions .
They also found no evidence for differences in treatment effects by age , sex , race , education or baseline cognitive status ( MCI vs. normal cognition ) .
" In sum , we find no evidence that G biloba slows the rate of cognitive decline in older adults .
These findings are consistent with previous smaller studies examining prevention of decline and facilitation of cognitive performance and with the 2009 Cochrane review of G biloba for dementia and cognitive impairment . "
As the author of a book on brain injuries , I happen to have a lot of friends on Facebook who are survivors of neurotrauma .
I enjoy interacting with them and exchanging comments about current events and brain research , but for the past several months , I ’ve been interested in how they ’ve been using Facebook and other social networking sites .
Most people involved in brain injury rehabilitation know that a brain injury has a terrible effect on a person ’s social life .
After the injury , it ’s much harder to get out and meet people , and so it becomes even more challenging to maintain old relationships and create new ones .
But after observing some injured friends using Facebook , I suspected that social networking might play an important role in the recovery of our social lives following injury .
In October of 2009 , I sent out an informal , ten-question survey to brain injury survivors using my Twitter and Facebook accounts and was surprised to receive more than 50 responses in a matter of days .
In a nutshell , I learned that :
88 % of respondents use social networking daily
71 % spent more than three hours a week using a social networking site
60 % rated social networking as either “ very important ” or “ essential ”
People claimed they had an average of 165 online friends
Interestingly , some 80 percent of respondents also suggested that visual problems create a significant challenge to their computer use , and about 20 percent of respondents said they needed some kind of technological aide in order to use their computers .
But most fascinating of all were the passionate comments some people left about their social networking experience :
“ Because of my brain injury , I am no longer capable of holding a full - time position .
Social networking has kept me connected to the outside world and relationships . ”
“ I like the freedom and the fact that people get to know me , not my injury .
Sometimes the visual appearance of my injury leaves me feeling awkward — or the inability to react quickly in a conversation .
I do n't want to be treated like I am special ; I do n't want to be pitied .
Online I get to be just me . ”
“ Prior to joining Facebook , I was almost completely socially isolated .
“ This experience has not only helped me socially , but by continued use of the computer I have gained new skills , diminished depression , gained in confidence and self - assurance , and have begun limited work again .
Most of my family members live thousands of miles from me — now we can contact each other daily if we want .
I no longer feel disconnected from the world .
I can honestly say that this experience has increased the quality of my life beyond any other since my brain injury . ”
More than 30 survey comments indicated that social networking played a valuable role in the lives of people who have sustained a brain injury .
So what are the implications of these early findings ?
Social networking may offer a way for survivors to slow or even reverse the social upheaval caused by brain injury .
It will be up to researchers and rehabilitation professionals to begin studying the correlations between social networking and life satisfaction .
They will also need to address the physical and cognitive barriers to computer use , and ultimately determine if social networking skills should be taught at some phase of recovery .
One thing is clear : people with traumatic brain injury are already using Facebook , Twitter , and other sites to supplement their social lives , and they ’re doing it largely without professional help .
At the least , social networking is an important phenomenon that deserves a closer look as a potentially therapeutic tool for anyone with a disability .
‘ I DID NOT REALISE ’ : Host ’s admission after Trump debate backlash
The moderator of yesterday ’s presidential debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden has admitted he ’s “ sad ” about the unedifying spectacle that unfolded .
Three new cases of COVID in NSW
There have been three new cases of coronavirus diagnosed in New South Wales up to 8 pm on Wednesday , one is an old case .
‘ So sad ’ : Brighton Karen ditches Victoria Social media sensation Karen from Brighton is making the dash north for good to escape Victoria ’s crippling lockdown .
Teen mysteriously found dead in her bed
An investigation has been launched into the death of a 19 - year - old who was found dead in her bed with blood covering her face in a small WA town .
Legal push for $ 1000 Macca ’s payout About 250,000 Australians could be entitled to a $ 1000 payout from McDonald ’s if a class action against the fast food giant is successful .
Victorians revolt against Dan 's plan live A shock new poll has revealed Melburnians are finally fed up with Stage 4 restrictions after weeks of support for the harsh measures .
Top bogan baby names for 2020 revealed
We ’re used to covering the most popular and unpopular baby names , but what about bogan baby names ?
The list is out and it does n’t disappoint .
Incredible effect of Kylie ’s racy pics Kyle Jenner used a couple of bikini photos to encourage her 196 million followers to do one simple thing , and her sneaky plan worked .
Tax win for Aussies working from home
It will be easier for Australians working from home to make a tax claim , but experts fear the system might leave workers short changed .
Conspiracy as UFC ‘ boob ’ photo goes viral Middleweight champion Israel Adesanya was forced to deny he ’s a drug cheat after a bizarre photograph of his chest was taken at UFC 253 .
The Evertsen is on an EU mission called Operation Atalanta
The Dutch navy has arrested 13 Somali pirates who attempted to hijack a cargo ship south of Oman .
The EU anti-piracy task force Navfor says the cargo ship - called MV BBC Togo - had barbed wire defences and held off an attack by two fast skiffs .
The Dutch warship Evertsen later found a dhow with two skiffs fitting the description in the area .
A boarding team arrested the pirates , seizing machine guns , rocket - propelled grenades , ladders and grappling hooks .
The pirates may be handed over to Kenya or the Seychelles for prosecution , says the Dutch defence ministry .
The attack on the Antigua and Barbuda - flagged cargo ship happened 150 nautical miles ( 275 km ) south of Salalah in Oman .
Pirate attacks have been common off the Somali coast and international navies have been deployed to counter them .
Navfor is one of several international naval forces patrolling the seas off Somalia to try to prevent the hijacking of ships using the vital sea routes .
Nato and the US also lead task forces .
Unfamiliar Ground
Journalists and commentators covering Afghanistan and Pakistan have addressed everything from geopolitics to tribal dynamics , reconstruction aid , and , of course , terrorism .
Even the casual observer has probably read stories that have addressed U.S. intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance efforts , most notably the use of Hellfire missile - armed Predator and Reaper drones .
In covering these topics , pundits often pause to cite the area ’s difficult physical terrain , often mentioning it as a factor in the region ’s long history of repelling foreign armies .
However , none of these analysts has yet written about the sad state of the United States ’ basic terrain data ( specifically the Digital Terrain Elevation Data — DTED ) over this region , which has emerged as an obstacle in conducting operations over such complex terrain .
This is not a national security secret .
It ’s just knowledge that simply does n’t often make it out of the jargon - laden community of geodetic science , remote sensing , and military terrain analysis .
The general news consumer ( and , in my experience , many in our national security leadership ) assume that , in this age of Google Earth , U.S. forces have all the information they need .
Unfortunately , these assumptions are both limiting U.S. mission effectiveness and getting people killed .
So , here ’s a short primer on this arcane , but vitally important subject .
Terrain data is collected by taking measurements at a certain " post spacing , " or the distance between each data point , which varies depending on the sensor used and the altitude from which it is collected .
For instance , in 2000 , NASA and the National Imagery and Mapping Agency conducted the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission ( SRTM ) , which collected 30 - meter post spacing terrain data for everything that falls between northern Russia and southern Argentina .
The measurements were taken from Space Shuttle Endeavour , which was orbiting the Earth at an altitude of 233 kilometers .
This means that , every 30 meters or so , the U.S. defense and intelligence community has an elevation reading of what the terrain looked like in 2000 .
What the terrain looks like between these 30 - meter intervals is anyone ’s guess .
Well , actually , in the case of the Afghanistan - Pakistan border region , local fighters know the answer intimately .
U.S. and Pakistani military forces , however , do not , and so for the unsuspecting soldier , those 30 meters could hold a ravine , a structural impediment , a rugged natural obstacle , impassable vegetation , or some other kind of deadly cul - de-sac within a canyon complex .
But U.S. soldiers usually do n’t know what to expect until it ’s too late .
There has been some higher - resolution terrain data collected , but very little at the 1 - meter post spacing typically considered sufficient for military operations over urban and complex terrain .
Furthermore , high - resolution color imagery is rarely collected simultaneously with terrain data , meaning that operators and analysts lack detailed visual knowledge of any " bump " that they observe .
The war effort also desperately needs for such terrain data collections to be unclassified , so they can be revealed to coalition partners and host - nation militaries .
Anyone who has worked in this field understands how rare it is for the intelligence community to collect data it is willing to share .
But the military terrain analysis community has done so for several years , despite working on a shoestring budget .
What ’s more , the terrain analysis community has made this data broadly available to war fighters , as well as the development community
The United States has now been in Afghanistan for eight years .
Despite spending hundreds of billions of dollars in the country , the United States still does not possess terrain data of the same quality as that routinely collected by local , state , and federal agencies within the United States .
This is not for lack of commercially available terrain sensors or of contractors willing to fly in Afghanistan or Pakistan .
It is because policymakers are n’t aware of this critical need .
The collection of high - resolution terrain data in Afghanistan is within the power of top U.S. and NATO commanders — but it will require collaboration , policy reform , technical cooperation , and a substantial investment of resources .
As we continue to wrestle with Sir Mortimer Durand ’s dubious legacy — the " Durand Line " that divides Afghanistan and Pakistan — perhaps we can agree that the United States and its allies cannot succeed in their mission if they literally do not know where they are heading .
By E.J. Dionne - December 31 , 2009
WASHINGTON -- Certain decades shape the country 's political life for generations by leaving behind an era to embrace or , at least as often , to scorn .
The 1960s were definitely such a decade .
The 1930s qualify , and so do the 1980s .
But as important as all these periods have been , their significance may be dwarfed by the reckless and squandered decade that is , mercifully , ending .
I 'm afraid that the past 10 years will be seen as a time when the United States badly lost its way by using our military power carelessly , misunderstanding the real challenges to our long - term security , and pursuing domestic policies that constrained our options for the future while needlessly threatening our prosperity .
I am aware that the previous paragraph is thoroughly controversial , and that befits any description of a politically consequential decade .
Much of the contention surrounding Barack Obama 's presidency is simply a continuation of our argument over the effects of George W. Bush 's time in office .
That is why Obama , despite his fervent wishes , has been unable to usher in a new period of consensus .
Bush 's defenders know that Obama 's election represented a popular reaction against the consequences of the 43rd president 's time in office .
Because Obama is both the anti-Bush and the leader of the post - Bush cleanup squad , his success would complete the rebuke .
So the Bush camp -- Karl Rove 's regular contributions to The Wall Street Journal 's opinion pages are emblematic -- must stay on the attack .
Domestically , Obama inherited an economic catastrophe .
Dealing with the wreckage required a large expenditure of public funds that increased a deficit already bloated by the previous president 's decision to fight two wars and to cut taxes at the same time .
Bush 's defenders , preferring to focus attention away from this earlier period of irresponsibility , act as if the world began on Jan. 20 , 2009 , by way of saddling Obama with the blame for everything that now ails us .
But the previous eight years cannot be wished away .
Our current president is more deliberate about the use of American power than his predecessor was , and determined to repair America 's image with other nations .
Obama is committed to fighting terrorism , but does not believe that a " war on terror " should define American foreign policy .
This leads directly to another essential argument over the meaning of the last decade : whether the proper response to the 9/11 attacks included not only the widely supported retaliation in Afghanistan but also the invasion of Iraq .
Obama 's view -- that the Iraq War wasted American power and dissipated good will toward us around the world -- is a direct reproach to the core assumptions of the Bush foreign policy .
So is Obama 's refusal " to set goals that go beyond our responsibility , our means , or our interests , " as he put it in his recent West Point speech , as well as his insistence upon appreciating " the connection between our national security and our economy . "
This measured approach to the use of force is antithetical to a foreign policy based on " bring 'em on " and sweeping pledges to " defeat our enemies across the world . "
But this makes it imperative for Obama to inspire trust in his capacity to thwart terrorism , and his administration 's initial response to the Christmas Day airliner attack fell short .
Republicans were shameless in politicizing the incident , knowing that rehabilitating Bush 's approach to terrorism depends upon discrediting Obama's .
The president can't afford to give them anything to work with , as he finally seemed to grasp on Tuesday .
It should not surprise us that the battle for the future will be shaped by struggles over the past .
How often over the last 40 years have conservatives defended their policies in the name of rolling back " the excesses of the ' 60s " ?
For even longer , liberals were charged with being locked into " the New Deal approaches of the 1930s . "
Liberals , in turn , pointed proudly to both eras as times of unparalleled social advance .
As for the 1980s , they remain a positive reference point for conservatives even as progressives condemn the Age of Reagan for opening the way to the deregulatory excesses that led to the recent downturn .
Americans instinctively recoil at living too much in the past .
Yet we have no choice but to reach a settlement about the meaning of the last 10 years .
It is the only way we will successfully turn the next 10 into a decade of renewal .
December 26 , 2009
The so - called " Israel Antiquities Authority " ( IAA ) stole one of the Christian holy gates ( Mary�s Gate ) from the Church of the Sepulchre in Jerusalem , which is the most sacred Christian place in the world .
The Holy Church of the Sepulchre which was looted by the " IAA " is administrated by all Christian communities in Palestine together : the Catholic , Orthodox , Armenian , Coptic , Syrian Orthodox , and Ethiopian churches .
( Click on pictures to see them bigger ) .
The church is registered under the Ministry of Awqaf , of Islamic and Christians Affairs in Jordan , which officially is the only authority responsible for taking care for all Christian and Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem since 1952 and until now .
he Israeli robbery and desecration of the Sepulchre Church was carried out on December 4 2009 , before the preparations for the Christmas festivities of this year .
The IAA opened the Gate of Mary and removed archaeological holy stones and iron bars around the gate in the walls , which had been sealed since the time of the British mandate of Palestine , before 1948 .
The IAA claimed that they were cleaning the place and doing renovations .
Neither the Christian communities or the Jordanian Ministry of Holy sites in Jerusalem asked the " IAA " to do anything in the Holy Sepulchre Church , and what the Israel Antiquities Authority did in the place was a deliberate attack and the desecration of the sanctity of the holy place .
The " IAA " was not cleaning or renewing the Christian holy place , as it is not their responsibility to do that .
The IAA stole the holy gate and removed holy stones , and then sealed the place after the theft , in order to hide the crime .
" Israel�s measures are illegal and violate international laws , because Israel is the occupying force in the West Bank and East Jerusalem " , the official said .
Mr. Craig Dunning , a foreign researcher interested archaeology , photographed the IAA theft while they were transferring the big stones into a car .
The IAA claimed that they were " cleaning Mary�s Gate " and " strengthening the ground " which was supposedly " doomed to fall " .
They made some changes to a gate and removed the antique stones , transferring them together with other objects to an unknown location .
According to Osama Al - Ayasa , a Palestinian journalist who reported in Arabic about the IAA robbery , the reactions to what happened in this holy place came very late , most notable being the position of the Jordanian government , which called the Israeli ambassador in Amman , Yaakov Rosen , and handed him a formal protest note on what they described the robbery as " unilateral actions " in the Church of the Holy Resurrection ( Sepulchre ) .
The Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh presented the Israeli ambassador to Amman Yaakov Rosen with a protest letter against the construction work being done on one wall of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem�s Old City .
" Israel�s measures are illegal and violate international laws , because Israel is the occupying force in the West Bank and East Jerusalem " , the official said .
According to AFP , the Jordanian government demanded that Israel halt immediately their " unilateral work " , carried out by the IAA on the outer walls of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem , and that they restore the situation as it was in that holy place .
Another Jordanian official said that the Israeli authorities " have removed iron bars around a gate in the walls which had been sealed since the time of the British mandate of Palestine , which ended in 1948 , and opened the gate .
The official , who declined to be named , said that the Israelis " claimed that they were doing renovations but nobody asked them to do anything " .
" This is unprecedented and dangerous " , the official said , noting that anything to do with the Holy Sepulchre is " very sensitive . "
Osama Al - Ayasa wrote that , The Christian communities , which are supposedly involved in the management of the church , did not declare a clear position towards the crime of the IAA in the holy place .
These groups always fight among each others , although normally any problem , including even formalities , give rise to disputes which usually ended in clashes with fists and sticks , and where people are wounded , like what happened on Nov. 10 2008 , during a procession .
( See Video )
The Catholic delegation guarding the Holy Land , under whose power the Gate of Mary is located , sent a protest to the Israeli Antiquities Authority .
But the protest was shy , weak and was not announced in the media .
The Roman Orthodox Patriarchate also protested because what happened was carried out without consulting them , and because of the sensitivity of the location and the seriousness of changing the status quo .
The protest of the Roman Orthodox was also shy and away from the media .
No word in condemnation of the desecration of this most holy place by Israel was found anywhere in the international media , neither from the Catholic churches in Europe and everywhere else , or any other Christian congregation .
One must wonder about the continuing accusations of discrimination of Christians in Muslim lands , while these people would probably not dare to say a word even if the Israel Antiquities Authority destroyed the Church itself .
We must suppose that the Pope would in such a case try to appease the Jews , probably even grovelling and kissing their hands in public .
In any case it is clear that no politician will say one word against the criminality of Israel , even if it is against their own supposed interests .
The most painful spectacle was what Pope Benedict XVI spoke last Monday , Dec. 21 2009 , after the theft of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and three days before the celebration of Christmas , in which the Pope declare his blessing for Israel , rather than to declare allegiance to God and to condemn of the desecration of this Christian Church .
Just as if the hypocrisy of Israel and his loyalty to these criminals was more important than loyalty to God , or as if the hypocrisy of Israel was part of the Christian religion , which had already gone beyond this obscurantism long time ago .
The biggest crime in this episode was the shameful position of the Palestinian National Authority , which did not show any reaction to the theft and desecration of the Church of the Resurrection , this " government " , which has failed its people with its insistence in staying in illusory power and government , all the while licking the crumbs from under the table of the jews , the financial aid from the US and the European Union .
With their acceptance of this aid , we , all the Palestinians , have lost our dignity and national rights .
In the same way , the Patriarch Mar Ignatius Joseph III , the Greek Patriarch of Antioch of the Syrian Catholic community , who is visiting Palestine , tried to reduce the issue of the robbery by the Israel Antiquities Authority in his answer to a question posed by Osama Al - Ayasa about the position of the Vatican on this issue .
The Patriarch essentially said that the issue is " a minor one " and that the Israel Antiquities Authority was given permission to make the repairs by a Catholic official .
This official believed that since the iron gate was under the authority of the British Mandate before , it now falls under the authority of the current government , Israel .
Please allow cookies : cookies are small text files that are safely stored on your computer .
We use cookies to find out how people use this website so that we can make it even better in future .
These cookies do n’t contain any personal or sensitive information and are only used by Rock Feedback and our trusted partners .
Accept & Close this message
Exploding Chewing Gum Kills Student
The Ukrainian man had a habit of dipping gum in citric acid .
MOSCOW , Dec. 9 , 2009  -- A Ukrainian man's jaw was blown off after he laced his chewing gum with an unknown substance , local authorities in the country 's Sumy region said of the man who died from his injuries .
A chemistry student at the Kiev Polytechnic Institute who was identified only by his first name Vladimir liked to chew gum and dip it in citric acid , his family said .
He was working on his home computer Saturday night in the town of Konotop when his mother heard the sound of the explosion , according to authorities .
She turned around to find Vladimir , 25 , on the floor with his face bleeding and his jaw blown off .
Emergency services could n't do anything to save him .
A forensics test revealed that the piece of gum was laced with an unidentified chemical , possibly an explosive , according to Russian state - run news service RIA Novosti .
Sumy police officials found an unidentified substance and citric acid near Vladimir 's body , saying in a statement that he may have confused the two .
Friends and classmates told police that Vladimir was a quiet and level - headed man who , from a young age , enjoyed math , physics and chemistry .
He made homemade firecrackers , they said , hoping to be a scientist when he grew up .
He was home for the holidays after finishing this semester 's exams , spending most of his time on the computer and experimenting with various chemicals .
The authorities are conducting more tests on the unknown substance .
1923 , a survivor of a fad around this year for slang terms denoting " excellence " and based on animal anatomy .
Also existed in the more ribald form bee 's nuts .
Other versions that lasted through the century are cat 's whiskers ( 1923 ) , cat 's pajamas , cat 's meow .
More obscure examples are canary 's tusks , cat 's nuts and flea 's eyebrows .
The fad still had a heartbeat in Britain at the end of the century , as attested by the appearance of dog 's bollocks in 1989 .
Bee 's knee was used as far back as 1797 for " something insignificant . "
Marvin the Martian redux , part 1
I try hard , very hard , to keep an open mind about upcoming projects .
However , this attempt to try and reboot one of my favorite Warner Brothers animated creations , the character who eventually came to be called Marvin the Martian , just sounds weak .
However , I want to be upbeat today and ignore the 1,000,001 reasons why a CGI Marvin surrounded by live action characters “ in the manner of “ Alvin & The Chipmunks , ” makes me cringe .
I sort of doubt it has much promise commercially either .
( The little kids who loved furry Alvin might not cotton to a helmeted black ball with legs . )
So , instead of dwelling on the character ’s uncertain future , why not take a look at his glorious past ?
Here is director Chuck Jones and writer Michael Maltese introducing the character not yet named Marvin opposite Bugs Bunny in 1948 ’s “ Haredevil Hare . ”
You might notice that Mel Blanc ’s initial voice characterization of the Trojan - hatted alien is somewhat different from the voice we now know and love .
It ’s also a bit ahead of its time for a brief allusion to rabbit - on - dog outer space gay romance .
Put something in cartoon form , and you can away with moider , I tells you .
Note :
If you have any problems viewing this , there ’s a slightly lower resolution version available on YouTube .
I do n't know how trustworthy the Newsmax Magazine 's survey of congressional popularity is .
Newsmax is , after all , a far right propaganda instrument and one has to wonder which members of Congress actually got surveyed -- and which members just tossed their questionnaire into the circular file .
Sherrod Brown and Dick Durbin make the most popular list -- along with kooks and crooks like Jon Kyl , Tom Price , Tom Coburn and Mike Ross .
" Most Hated " looks like a better list to be on -- Dennis Kucinich , Sheila Jackson - Lee , Ron Paul , and Jim Moran -- if that neighborhood had n't be polluted by fence - jumper Arlen Specter .
Perhaps more credible is the 's two surveys -- one among bloggers and one among political insiders .
The big loser was the Senate 's biggest phony , John McCain .
( Watch the video below . )
Ominously , insiders seem to admire the least ethical and most disreputable members of their own parties as their best strategists : Rahm Emanuel and Karl Rove , mirror images of all that 's wrong with American politics .
Three politicians who scored most highly in the category " Pols Wearing Out Their Welcomes " are Lieberman , Bachmann and Palin .
Most Creative Thinker is Barney Frank and MVPs are Dick Durbin and John Thune .
The blogger survey turned out very different from the Insiders ' survey :
Labels : Lieberman
There 's an Ayn Rand revival in America these days .
Sales of her books Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead have skyrocketed in the past year , along with the number of Rand - themed articles in mainstream publications .
This is due to our government 's " force the frugal to subsidise the prodigal " bailout schemes .
When you face higher taxes and a larger national debt to bail out rich idiots who make more money in a day than you do all year , it 's easy to think : " Know what I 'd love to read right now ?
A thousand small - print pages ranting against looters . "
And thus you add Atlas and Fountainhead to your personal library .
( Rand 's first novel , We The Living , gets far less attention .
Were it as well - known as the other two , she would n't have quite the callous reputation she does now . )
Rand had a sharp eye for the evils of policies valuing the collective over individual rights .
One of the best scenes in Atlas describes a factory that decides to operate on the communist principle " From each according to his abilities , to each according to his needs " .
People are rewarded not for how well they work but how needy they claim to be , and the " abilities " and " needs " of any individual are determined by majority vote .
Those deemed most able are forced to work the hardest , and you can't get anything as simple as new underwear without convincing the factory council that your old ones need to be replaced .
But for all Rand 's genius at illustrating problems , her solutions , like her sex scenes , would be cataclysmic in real life .
No mere human could meet the standards of a Randian hero .
They 're motivated purely by logic and cool reason , free of the petty emotions others strive to overcome .
And they take " mind over matter " to impossible extremes .
John
Galt remains nonchalant even while being tortured , and when the torture machine breaks down he calmly tells its operators how to fix it .
Randian heroes can will away the need for food and sleep , too .
Rand tried applying rational principles to things that are n't rational at all , including musical and artistic tastes .
She deemed her own likes and dislikes for painters , composers and writers the only opinions a rational person could hold .
In Fountainhead she spent many pages hammering home the point : " People who enjoy old - fashioned architectural flourishes , like Greek columns , are freedom - crushing haters of the human spirit . "
( Ironically , the functional modern architecture she espoused in their stead looks pretty much like the modernist style embraced by the Soviets . )
Rational Randian architecture is still better than rational Randian sex .
The infamous " rape scenes " of her novels actually fall into the " rough but consensual " category , but Rand 's heroines like it a lot rougher than most women do .
No one scene is all too bad , but taken in their entirety you wonder why Rand felt a rational woman could n't lay off the creepy vibe and try plain vanilla sex once in awhile .
A little spice is often nice , but there 's nothing rational about drinking a whole Tabasco bottle .
And the " woman subdued by strong man " meme Rand espoused in her books ran completely counter to her own life , where she alternated between terrorising her meek husband and the male acolytes she bedded .
Still , for all the darkly unreasonable expectations in Rand 's novels , America 's resurgence of interest in them might be our best chance yet to get off the dangerous anti-liberty track we 're on now , and abandon the poisonous notion that the best way to resolve a financial crisis is to reward the people who caused it .
Or maybe my cautious optimism is the most darkly unreasonable expectation of all .
Getting past the bad behavior of the climate cabal , the real news is that they do not have the data to support their warming case .
This reconstructed email thread is devastating to their beliefs .
These charts of little hockey sticks turn out to be bogus – the underlying data does not exist to support the charts .
It is bad enough that the computer models were wired to always produce hockey sticks , even when random temperature data is inserted .
This is worst since it is outright fraud .
You can read the email and see the arguments .
A quick summary :
The data shows that the 1930s were as warm or warmer than now , with a similar rise up
These mini hockey stocks suppress the ’30s and elevate the ’90s to produce the effect
The data shows no drastic warming anywhere in the world except maybe central Europe , and that is likely due to heavy urbanization
The data for the Nordic countries shows that none of them have anything like the warming shown in the little chart above for Europe
The climate cabal claims they excluded heavily urbanized areas , yet their data shows more than 500 central cities included .
It is well known that the urban heat effect has skewed the readings up .
They are lying about what is in the data .
A cursory reading of the email snippets can lead one to dismiss this as over - reaction to some bad behavior .
The reconstructed email shows that conclusion is premature .
Reading the emails in context , and combining that with fraud wired into the computer models , makes a clear case of fraud .
Sure , some of the cabal could go to jail for destroying the data to keep it out of a FOI request .
I think the worse crime is to fake the science .
by Mike Phillips
Social Media Platforms and how to use them
Here ’s a very brief guide to social media platforms and how they are used for traffic generation and social branding .
It ’s based on my previous post , but has a more updated model .
Let me know your thoughts , still a work in progress .
At the opening of a gallery show called “ Rio ” in NYC , there was a massive sculpture that drew the most attention , showing a twisted and intertwined plane wreckage that almost looked like gigantic wrestling earthworms .
The plane wreck seemed to remind people of the crash landing of a passenger plane in the Hudson River .
The artist , Adel Abdessemed , is Algerian and this show was his first NYC solo gallery show .
His work are known for the depicting animals in often an aggressive and violent situations .
Other artists have also used animals as an inspiration , like in making these sheep sculptures out of rotary telephones .
Testosterone does n't cause people to become aggressive or risky as many people believe but actually encourages fairness , European researchers say .
Researchers at the University of Zurich and Royal Holloway , University of London conducted a study of 120 women and found that testosterone promoted fairness in a bargaining game .
The women took part in a game to determine the distribution of real money , where both fair and unfair offers were allowed .
The partner in this negotiation could either accept the offer or decline it , but if no agreement was reached , neither person would receive any money .
Before the game , the women were given either a dose of testosterone or a placebo .
( Women were chosen for the experiment because the physiological effects of artificial testosterone are better understood in women than in men . )
" If one were to believe the common opinion , we would expect subjects who received testosterone to adopt aggressive , egocentric and risky strategies regardless of the possibly negative consequences on the negotiation process , " said Christoph Eisenegger of the University of Zurich in a statement .
Instead , the study , published this week in Nature , found that women who received the testosterone behaved more fairly and had fewer conflicts in their negotiations .
However , the women who thought they had received the hormone , whether they did or not , behaved more aggressively and unfairly than those who believed they had received the placebo .
" It appears that it is not testosterone itself that induces aggressiveness but rather the myth surrounding the hormone , " said economist Michael Naef of Royal Holloway .
Eisenegger said the experiment suggests that testosterone increases a person 's sensitivity to status .
In animals with simple social systems , aggressiveness can lead to higher social status , so testosterone leads to aggression .
" In the socially complex human environment , pro-social behavior secures status and not aggression , " said Naef .
Sign up to be the first to know about our events .
You will receive notifications about upcoming meetings and other important dates .
Typically emails are sent about once a month .
While some banks may look healthy under normal Tier 1 and leverage targets , critics claim these measures can be highly misleading since they fail to discriminate between high - risk and low - risk uses of leverage .
The system failed to pick up the danger signals before the financial crisis .
The supposedly moderate leverage of US banks in 2007 proved to be a spectacularly useless indicator .
A Bulgarian man has been sentenced to 16 years prison for the murder of his neighbor , who he says played the same song , at top volume , constantly , for more than a week .
Croatian Times reports that 45 - year - old Alexander Alexandrov snapped after his neighbor , Martin Kromov , subjected him to more than a week of Robbie Williams Angels .
Alexandrov told the court :
I was in constant terror of his music .
I could no longer think about anything but making him turn it off .
Alexandrov was apprehended when he ran out of gas as he drove to dump the body of his 27 - year - old victim .
Kromov played this song more than 2,000 times
Sports Tim Martinez : Faith Bergstrom of Camas makes best of college recruiting , Cal Poly choice
In a perfect world , Faith Bergstrom would have taken more time to make one of the biggest decisions of her young life .
Politics
Here ’s the reality behind Trump ’s claims about mail voting President Donald Trump continued his assault on the integrity of the U.S. elections during the first presidential debate Tuesday , spreading falsehoods about the security of …
Here 's Richard Marcello of Unisys extolling one of what he sees as the virtues of cloud computing yesterday at the Cloud Computing Conference and Expo in Santa Clara :
" We were able to eliminate a whole bunch of actually U.S. - based jobs and kind of replace them with two folks out of India . "
Those actually U.S. - based jobs presumably were held by actual Americans trying to feed actual U.S. - based families .
And what does " kind of " mean ?
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
Marcello's title is president of technology , consulting and integration solutions , not director of public relations , but you might expect that by now industry executives would be better at finessing such a volatile topic .
Advancements in technology have been eliminating ( and creating ) jobs since the invention of the wheel , of course , but the pace of such disruption these days combined with years of recession and an overall dismal U.S. job market call for a certain degree of tact if not empathy .
Instead , Marcello decided to offer a lecture when interviewed after his keynote by InfoWorld 's Paul Krill : " If people do n't embrace cloud computing , " he intoned , " I do n't think the companies will be around in 5 to 10 years .
I think you have to take that broader , holistic view . "
It 's worth noting that Marcello 's company , Unisys , is a major cloud - computing vendor , a platinum sponsor of the Cloud Computing Conference , and , that it made a news announcement at the event , headlined this way in a press release : " Unisys Brings Advantages of Cloud Computing to Clients ' Internal Data Centers with New Secure Private Cloud Solution . "
From that release :
Recent Unisys research has consistently shown that security concerns are the leading cause of enterprise and individual users ' hesitancy in adopting cloud computing .
The most recent findings of the Unisys Security Index , a bi-annual global study of consumer opinion on security - related issues , showed that a significant percentage of respondents worldwide were uncomfortable about having their personal data controlled by a third party without assurance that the data could be kept secure .
In other words , these decisions are n't always as simple as handing the keys over to two folks out of India .
To the ire of anti-abortion supporters , a temporary restraining order has been extended on an Oklahoma law requiring doctors to report the personal information of women seeking abortions to a Web site .
An Oklahoma County judge ruled that the block will remain in place until the court hears a lawsuit challenging the law .
— JCL
The Associated Press :
An Oklahoma County judge has extended a temporary restraining order that blocks enforcement of a strict abortion law .
The law would require doctors to report personal information about women who seek abortions and for the information to be posted on a public Web site .
The law was to have taken effect Nov. 1 . District Judge Daniel Owens said Friday the restraining order would remain in force until a lawsuit seeking to throw out the law is resolved .
A hearing is set for Feb. 19 .
The Center for Reproductive Rights and two women sued in September , saying the legislation violated a rule in the Oklahoma constitution that requires one piece of legislation deal with only one issue .
Read more
Sometimes we ’re given tasks out of left field that seem rather strange .
Other times , we see oddball tasks , and we latch on with reckless abandon .
I ’ve done one of those second ones .
There ’s a decent chance that , within the next year , I ’m going to need to support an increased user base .
Well , it ’s not going to happen with the existing infrastructure , I can tell you that .
Right now , I ’m stretched for wall jacks , our desks are a collection of an old set plus the occasional folding table , and I ’ve currently got a hutch sitting on the ground acting as a table .
We ’re going to need more stuff .
Preferably different stuff , actually , because what we ’ve got right now are glorified tables .
The occasional cable grommet carved into the top is about all I can say these desks do for me .
I want better .
We all run laptops .
I want desks with electrical , network , and phone ports on the desktop .
I want walls .
I want world peace , too , but I ’d settle for not having to fear for my life every time I push too hard on a hutch and it threatens to tip over because it is n’t attached by anything .
Of course , I ca n’t actually buy anything , or even make the decisions .
According to all of those forms I fill out to read whitepapers , I “ influence ” the decision .
But if I ’m going to influence the decision , I ’m going to know what I want , and I ’m going to make sure it ’s the right resource for the job .
It was for that reason that I started asking around .
“ Do we have building plans for the office ? ”
As an aside , there ’s an old saying that I ’m fond of .
“ Beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers . ”
Sysadmins who ask for building plans ca n’t be too far behind .
As it turns out , we do have schematics from when we ordered the construction done on the office , before we moved in .
It ’s not entirely up to date , but it gives me all of the measurements that I needed to produce a to - scale drawing in Visio .
I worked on it for a while , and produced a pretty respectable diagram , I think .
If you ’ve ever used Visio for any kind of layout like this , you ’ve probably seen the built - in shapes for things like cubicles , desks , office chairs , etc etc .
I was using the default “ cubicle ” shape , at the default size , and I started to realize that what I was seeing on paper did n’t add up to what I had experienced in real life .
Never one to take a challenge to my reality while sitting down , I broke out my tape measure and started looking .
I found out that while the average workspace in my office is 7ft x 7ft , the default Visio cubicle is 8 ft x 8 ft .
That sounds more reasonable , but as I said , we ’ve been working fine with 7 ft² .
I looked at a couple of sites and they make cubicles from 10 ft down to 5ft , and everywhere in between .
So here ’s my dilemma…how big should the cubicles be .
On one hand , I have a certain number of people that will be necessary to add , and a finite amount of space .
On the other hand , I do n’t want anyone to go insane and shoot people .
Or gut fish in the office .
Do you have a full on office , desk , or cube ?
How big is your workspace , and how cramped do you feel ?
I ’m interested in hearing from a lot of people to try to get a feel , so please , drop me a comment below .
Thanks !
Spoiler Alert : article reveals end of the film Avatar .
In James Cameron ’s newest film Avatar an alien tribe on a distant planet fights to save their forest home from human invaders bent on mining the planet .
The mining company has brought in ex-marines for ‘ security ’ and will stop at nothing , not even genocide , to secure profits for its shareholders .
While Cameron ’s film takes place on a planet sporting six - legged rhinos and massive flying lizards , the struggle between corporations and indigenous people is hardly science fiction .
For decades real indigenous tribes around the world have faced off with corporations — mining , logging , oil and gas — determined to exploit their land .
These corporations , much like the company in the film , usually have support from the government and access to ‘ security forces ’ , sometimes in the form of ex-military or state police .
Yet unlike the film , in which the indigenous group triumphs over the corporate and military invaders , the real - life stories of indigenous tribes rarely end justly : from Peru to Malaysia to Ecuador their struggles continue .
Spears versus guns
Kayapo shaman in Brazil
In Avatar the indigenous tribe , called the Na’vi , use poison - tipped arrows to defend themselves against the guns , gas , and explosions used by the human invaders .
Art imitates life : in June of this year , violence erupted in Peru as heavily - armed police clashed with indigenous protestors , some carried spears , others were unarmed .
The indigenous tribes were protesting nearly 100 new rules pushed through the Peruvian government — led by President Alan Garcia — that made it easier for foreign companies to exploit oil , gas , timber , and minerals on indigenous land .
The violent skirmish that followed led to the deaths of 23 police officers and at least 10 indigenous people — with indigenous groups saying the government went to great lengths to hide / dispose of bodies to make it appear that fewer natives were killed .
Bodies were allegedly dumped in rivers .
What is known is that 82 protesters suffered gunshot wounds and 120 in total were injured in the melee .
Protesters say tear gas was used ; in addition some say machine guns — shown in photos — were fired at them .
Peruvian security forces killing indigenous protesters in Peru . Photo © 2009 Marijke Deleu
Just weeks after the bloody incident , Texas - based Hunt Oil , with full support of the Peruvian government , moved into the Amarakaeri Communal Reserve with helicopters and large machinery for seismic testing .
A scene not unlike Avatar , which shows a corporation entering indigenous territory with gun ships .
The seismic testing alone involves 300 miles of testing trails , over 12,000 explosive charges , and 100 helicopter land pads in the middle of a largely - untouched and unknown region of the Amazonian rainforest .
The reserve , which was created to protect native peoples ’ homes , may soon be turned into a land of oil scars .
Indigenous groups say they were never properly consulted by Hunt Oil for use of their land .
Many of the rules put forth by the government that led to the protest have since been determined unconstitutional , while Garcia has rescinded two rules .
Still Garcia says — as evidenced from Hunt Oil — that he plans to move forward with controversial oil and gas development on tribal lands in the Amazon .
Photos of an uncontacted tribe in the Terra Indigena Kampa e Isolados do Envira , Acre state , Brazil , near the border with Peru , caused a stir when they were released by Survival International , an NGO , in May 2008 .
The indigenous group is said to be threatened by oil exploration in the area .
© Gleison Miranda / FUNAI .
Areas of the region slated for development are also home to uncontacted Amazonian tribes .
Garcia has repeatedly called into question the existence of any such tribes , though aerial photos recently showed uncontacted natives armed with spears near the area in question .
The leases under protest are a part of the Free Trade Agreement signed by both the United States and Canada .
In the film the Na’vi are dismissed as “ blue monkeys ” and “ savages ” by the corporate administrator .
Both the corporation and their hired soldiers view the Na’vi as less than human .
In Peru , President Alan Garcia has called indigenous people “ confused savages ” , “ barbaric ” , “ second - class citizens ” , “ criminals ” , and “ ignorant ” .
He has even compared tribal groups to the nation ’s infamous terrorists , the Shining Path .
There is no end in sight in the struggle between the indigenous people of Peru and government - sanctioned corporate power .
Decades of oppression in Borneo : violence , rape , murder
In March 2006 , the bulldozers belonging to Interhill , a Malaysian logging company , reached Ba Abang , a Penan village in the Middle Baram region .
Since the late 1980s , Interhill has been cutting down rainforests in a 55,000 hectare timber concession in Sarawak ’s Middle Baram region .
Photos and captions by the Bruno Manser Fund
Across the world , another people are fighting to save their homes from corporate exploitation .
The Penan people of Malaysian Borneo have suffered greatly from industrial loggers entering their ancestral home : not only has the tribe lost forest land and important tribal sites , including burial grounds , to bulldozers and chainsaws , but the Penan people have faced violence , rape , and even alleged murder .
The struggle began when industrial logging first appeared in the area in the 1980s and today shows no sign of abatement or resolution .
In fact , a new threat has risen in recent decades as logged forests are swiftly turned into industrial oil palm plantations , excluding any chance of the natural forest returning after logging or of natives receiving their land back .
The Penan — some of whom live as nomadic hunter - gatherers in the forest — have fought corporate loggers through lawsuits and road barricades .
In turn they faced violence from Malaysian police and security forces hired by powerful logging companies .
Some even fear for their lives .
In 2008 longtime Penan chief , Kelesau Naan , was allegedly murdered for his long activism against logging on tribal lands .
When his body was finally found — after two months — it was discovered that several of his bones were broken , leading the Penan to believe he was murdered for his opposition to the destruction of his tribe ’s traditional lands .
Prior to this , two Penan activists disappeared mysteriously in the 1990s and Swiss - activist , Bruno Manser , who fought long and hard for Penan rights , vanished in the region in 2000 .
Recently , Penan girls have come forward to say that they were raped , beaten , and sexually abused by logging employees .
A 110 - page report released this year by the Malaysian Ministry for Women , Family and Community Development has documented their stories , while a government team investigating the matter stated that at least eight allegations of rape or sexual abuse were “ certainly true ” .
Girls as young as ten were assaulted and raped , some becoming pregnant .
The Penan girls , who receive rides to - and - from school by loggers , have said that it was common to be sexually abused during these rides .
Yet a probe by the police into the matter went nowhere due to lack of evidence .
Former regional Penan chief of the Upper Baram region , James Laloh Keso ( center ) .
Photo courtesy of the Bruno Manser Fund .
Just this month the rapes were dismissed by government official , James Masing , the Sarawak Minister for Land Development .
The Minister told the BBC that in regards to the rapes the “ Penan are very good story tellers .
They change their stories , and when they feel like it . ”
Most recently , the Penan people have tried a new strategy to preserve their dwindling home .
Seventeen tribes of the Penan declared a ‘ peace park ’ covering 163,000 hectares of their ancestral home in order to bring light to their situation and pressure the government to halt plans for logging in the area .
The government refused to recognize the status of the peace park and logging is slated to continue .
Few indigenous people have faced more tragedy , despair , and humiliation over the past thirty years than the Penan .
The curse of oil
A battle of a different kind is ongoing in Ecuador .
Oil giant Chevron is currently in a $ 27 billion lawsuit with Ecuadorian indigenous tribes for environmental damage caused by Texaco , a company acquired by Chevron in 2001 .
In court Texaco has admitted to dumping 18 billion gallons of toxic waste inside Ecuador ’s rainforest from 1964 - 1990 .
A court expert found contamination at every one of Texaco ’s former well sites , estimating oil damages 30 times larger than the infamous Exxon - Valdez spill and spanning an area the size of Rhode Island .
The case , known to some as the ‘ Amazon Chernobyl ’ , involves 30,000 indigenous Ecuadorian plaintiffs .
The toxic spill impacted six indigenous tribes , one of which has vanished entirely .
The court has found that over 1,400 people have suffered untimely deaths from cancer due to contamination from the oil spill .
World of Avatar : in real life January 13 , 2010 A number of media outlets are reporting a new type of depression : you could call it the Avatar blues .
Some people seeing the new blockbuster film report becoming depressed afterwards because the world of Avatar , sporting six - legged creatures , flying lizards , and glowing organisms , is not real .
Yet , to director James Cameron ’s credit , the alien world of Pandora is based on our own biological paradise — Earth .
The wonders of Avatar are all around us , you just have to know where to look .
Despite these facts , Chevron has gone to great lengths to avoid reparations for environmental damage .
In 2008 it was revealed that Chevron hired key political players , including former Senate majority leader Trent Lott and John McCain fund - raiser Wayne Berman to lobby United States Trade Representative Susan Schwab , members of Congress , and Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte to threaten suspending US trade preferences with Ecuador until the lawsuit was dropped .
But the corporation ’s attempt to use US political power to disenfranchise 30,000 indigenous people failed .
Then this September Chevron released a video that it said proved Ecuadorian officials , including the presiding judge , were taking bribes on the case .
However , the video turned out to be a fake : the business man in the video is in fact a convicted drug felon and another person in the video is an Ecuadorian contractor who has received payments from Chevron .
Both the bribe and the bribers in the video were faked and others appearing in the video say the footage was heavily edited .
Chevron denies that they were in any way involved in making the video .
The lawsuit has been ongoing since 2003 and a ruling has not yet been made .
But Chevron has stated publically that even if it loses the case it wo n’t pay any damages .
“ We ’re not paying and we ’re going to fight this for years if not decades into the future , ” according to Chevron spokesman Don Campbell .
This year a documentary Crude detailing the struggle by indigenous people to hold Chevron accountable was released in theatres .
Chevron ’s responded with a PR campaign to disparage the film - maker and the indigenous victims [ Editor ’s note : Chevron ’s PR efforts included posting comments on mongabay.com articles ] .
No happy Hollywood ending
Oil and gas blocks in the western Amazon .
Solid yellow indicates blocks already leased out to companies .
Hashed yellow indicates proposed blocks or blocks still in the negotiation phase .
Protected areas shown are those considered strictly protected by the IUCN ( categories I to III ) .
Image courtesy of PLoS ONE
While the film Avatar ends with the indigenous aliens securing their home from corporate and military invaders , in reality that outcome is rare .
Often these conflicts drag on for decades with the indigenous tribes , despite best efforts , tragically losing their home bit - by - bit .
Forests are decimated , biodiversity lost , carbon released into the atmosphere , and the tribe is slowly weakened and destroyed from without , their culture and traditions attacked at the same time as their territory is knocked down .
Despite the repeated unjustness , rarely do these stories reach the mainstream media in the industrial world .
Companies act with impunity , devastating forests and homes in part to feed the insatiable appetites of developed and emerging economies for furniture , oil palm , gas , and crude oil .
While Avatar is a fun , showy film that many may view as simple sci- fi entertainment , the film clearly alludes to struggles and injustices that one does n’t need to travel across the galazy to see , but are occurring right here on planet Earth .
Some notable organizations working with indigenous groups to secure their rights : Amazon Watch , Bruno Manser Fonds , Amazon Conservation Team , and Survival International .
Related articles
Malaysia to allow logging in indigenous ‘ peace park ’ to proceed
( 12/17/2009 ) Malaysia , the country with the fastest rate of greenhouse gas emissions growth since 1990 among middle and upper income countries , will allow logging to proceed in a contested rainforest area in Sarawak , on the island of Borneo .
Rainforest tribe sues the Malaysian government for enabling deforestation
( 12/10/2009 ) Five Penan rainforest communities are suing the Sarawak state government and the Malaysian timber giant Samling for violation of their native customary rights , reports the Bruno Manser Fund , a group that works on behalf of indigenous groups in Malaysia .
Cattle company bulldozing UNESCO site , threatening uncontacted natives
( 12/09/2009 ) A Brazilian ranching company is bulldozing land within UNESCO Chaco Biosphere Reserve in Paraguay , home to the only uncontacted natives outside of the Amazon in South America .
While the UNESCO status provides no legal protections to the area , it is meant as an international marker to protect the tribe of the Ayoreo - Totobiegosode and the forest they inhabit .
Malaysian land minister attacks credibility of young indigenous rape victims
( 12/07/2009 ) Speaking to the BBC , James Masing , Sarawak Minister for Land Development , dismissed claims by Penan girls and women who said they had been sexually abused and raped by logging workers in a remote jungle area .
Rainforest tribe declares ‘ peace park ’ to defend lands from logging in Sarawak
( 11/30/2009 )
In an attempt to block destructive logging of their traditional land , a group of indigenous Penan has declared a “ peace park ” in the Upper Baram region of Sarawak in Malaysian Borneo , reports the Bruno Manser Fund .
Crisis averted for now , Peruvian natives will meet with Hunt Oil
( 10/28/2009 ) Indigenous groups in a dispute with Hunt Oil , over the company performing seismic tests their land , have scheduled a meeting with the Texas based oil corporation , according to Reuters .
Amazonian natives say they will defend tribal lands from Hunt Oil with “ their lives ”
( 10/25/2009 ) Indigenous natives in the Amazon are headed to the town of Salvacion in Peru with a plan to forcibly remove the Texas - based Hunt Oil company from their land as early as today .
Peruvian police forces , numbering in the hundreds , are said to be waiting in the town .
The crisis has risen over an area known as Lot 76 , or the Amarakaeri Communal Reserve .
The 400,000 hectare reserve was created in 2002 to protect the flora and fauna of the area , as well as to safeguard watersheds of particular importance to indigenous groups in the region .
Heavy oil pollution remains in Amazon , despite company claiming clean - up is finished
( 09/17/2009 )
A new report shows that the Corrientes region of the Peruvian Amazon , which suffered decades of toxic contamination by Occidental Petroleum ( OXY ) , is far from being cleaned - up .
The survey , conducted by US non-profit E - Tech International , found that heavy metals , volatile organic compounds , and hydrocarbons still exist at levels above the safety limits set by Peru and continue to threaten the Achuar indigenous community , who have long fought against the oil companies .
Fifteen indigenous leaders arrested in Borneo for protesting dams that would flood their lands
( 09/16/2009 )
After attempting to send a memorandum of protest against two dam proposals to the Sarawak Chief Minister Taib Mahmud , fifteen indigenous leaders were arrested in Kuching , Sarawak , reports the non-governmental organization the Burno Manser Fund .
Independent review finds logging company has abused rights of indigenous Penan in Borneo
( 09/15/2009 )
An independent review of Interhill Logging found that the Sarawak logging company has regularly violated forest laws and abused the rights of the indigenous Penan peoples .
The review , conducted by French tourism giant ACCOR , found that Interhill Logging had not received free , prior , and informed consent from the local Penan people for its logging operations ; the logging being done by Interhill “ is very definitely not sustainable ” ; the company is not fully compiling with Sarawak ’s Natural Resources and Environment Board ; and Interhill is providing no long - term benefits to the Penan peoples .
Power , profit , and pollution : dams and the uncertain future of Sarawak
( 09/03/2009 ) Sarawak , land of mystery , legend , and remote upriver tribes .
Paradise of lush rainforest and colossal bat - filled caves .
Home to unique and bizarre wildlife including flying lemurs , bearcats , orang - utans and rat-eating plants .
Center of heavy industry and powerhouse of Southeast Asia .
Come again ?
This jarring image could be the future of Sarawak , a Malaysian state on the island of Borneo , should government plans for a complex of massive hydroelectric dams comes to fruition .
The plan , which calls for a network of 12 hydroelectric dams to be built across Sarawak ’s rainforests by 2020 , is proceeding despite strong opposition from Sarawak ’s citizens , environmental groups , and indigenous human rights organizations .
By 2037 , as many as 51 dams could be constructed .
Penan tribe to continue blockade against loggers with blowpipes and spears
( 09/01/2009 )
A meeting between the Penan indigenous tribe , Malaysian government officials , and representatives of a logging company ended without an agreement on Friday .
After the meeting , a Penan spokesman declared that the group ’s blockade would continue .
Blockaders , dressed in traditional garb , have armed themselves with blowguns and spears .
Photos reveal illegal logging near uncontacted natives in Peru
( 08/17/2009 ) Ariel photos show proof of illegal logging for mahogany occurring in a Peruvian reserve set aside for uncontacted natives .
The photos , taken by Chris Fagan from Round River Conservation Studies , show logging camps set - up inside the Murunahua Reserve , meant to protect the uncontacted indigenous group , known as the Murunahua Indians , in the Peruvian Amazon .
Police face murder charges in killing of indigenous protesters in Peru
( 08/16/2009 ) A federal prosecutor in Peru filed murder charges against two police generals and 15 other officers over the deaths of indigenous protesters at a roadblock in June , reports the Associated Press .
The Indians were protesting new rules that would have made it easier for foreign developers to exploit oil and gas , timber , and minerals in Peru ’s Amazon rainforest .
The skirmish left 23 police and at least ten protesters dead .
Peru to proceed with oil and gas auctions in the Amazon despite indigenous protests
( 08/07/2009 ) Despite violent protests by indigenous groups over plans to expand oil and gas exploration in the Peru ’s Amazon rainforest , energy investments in the South American country are expected to increase to $ 1.5 billion in both 2009 and 2010 , reports Reuters .
Weeks after bloodshed , American oil moves into Peruvian Amazon , putting rainforest , possible archeological site at risk
( 08/03/2009 ) Barely six weeks after a dozen Amazon natives were gunned down by the Peruvian Army in the oil town of Bagua for protesting the cozy relationship between Big Oil and the government of President Alan Garcia , I find myself on the banks of the Mother of God River in Salvacion , Peru , wondering if all those folks died in vain .
Any day now , the bulldozers will be moving in as Texas - based Hunt Oil Company – with the full go - ahead of the Peruvian government — fires its first salvo in its assault against the million - acre pristine rainforest wilderness of the little - known and largely unexplored Amarakaeri Communal Reserve .
Forest people set up logging blockades in Borneo
( 07/31/2009 ) Indigenous Penan have set up roadblocks in Malaysian Borneo to stop loggers from encroaching on their rainforest land , reports Survival International , an indigenous rights ’ group .
Companies benefit from reducing conflict with local people
( 07/08/2009 ) Mechanisms to mitigate disputes with local communities , can reduce risk for companies seeking to profit from forest use while at the same time helping protect rights of forest people , argues a new report published today by the The Forests Dialogue ( TFD ) , an international group of forest experts from business , environmental , academic and human rights groups .
Peru revokes decrees that sparked Amazon Indian uprising
( 06/19/2009 ) Peru ’s Congress revoked two controversial land laws that sparked violent conflicts between indigenous protesters and police in the country ’s Amazon region .
The move temporarily defuses a two - week crisis , with protesters agreeing to stand down by removing blockades from roads and rivers .
Congress voted 82 - 14 Thursday to overturn legislative decrees 1090 and 1064 , which would have facilitated foreign development of Amazon land .
Indigenous groups said the decrees threatened millions of hectares of Amazon rainforest and undermined their traditional land use rights .
Peru suspends decree that triggered bloody conflict between Indians and police
( 06/11/2009 ) Peruvian lawmakers yesterday suspended a controversial decree that contributed to a bloody conflict between police and indigenous protesters in the country ’s Amazon region , reports the AFP .
Oil or Death in the Amazon
( 06/06/2009 )
More than 70 % of the Peruvian Amazon has been allocated for oil and gas extraction , and the current government of Alan Garcia has been pushing for more .
Unfortunately , as usual , these policies are promoted by and only benefit a handful of people , but negatively impact the lives of many .
However , Garcia ’s government did not foresee the potential consequences of their actions .
Peruvian police kill 10 Indians in battle over Amazon oil drilling
( 06/06/2009 )
At least 30 are dead following a clash between police and Indians protesting oil development in Peru ’s Amazon region .
Willpower , like a bicep , can only exert itself so long before it gives out ; it 's an extremely limited mental resource .
The brain area largely responsible for willpower , the prefrontal cortex , is located just behind the forehead .
While this bit of tissue has greatly expanded during human evolution , it probably has n't expanded enough .
That 's because the prefrontal cortex has many other things to worry about besides New Year 's resolutions .
For instance , scientists have discovered that this chunk of cortex is also in charge of keeping us focused , handling short - term memory and solving abstract problems .
Asking it to lose weight is often asking it to do one thing too many .
英雄联盟下赌注的软 件LOL买输赢 《 美国末 日2 》 程序员招聘中 顽皮狗或 有PC版计划？ umTwLZk9 此外，据 《刑法》第二百八十条规定：伪造公司、企业、事业单位、人民团体的印章的，处三年以下有期徒刑、拘役、管制或者剥夺政治权利，并处罚金。ZZYh
UFfd 有关部门、行业组织和行业职业教育教学指导机构，在国务院教育行政部门统筹下，参与教材规划、编写指导和审核、评价等方面工作，协调本行业领域的资源和专业人才支持教材建设。84Z3
Zats 其中之一指出，龚道安是湖北公安县人。在湖北公安县第二中学的简介里，龚道安被列为知名校友的第一位。2018年1月，龚道安当选上海副市长时曾有简历公示，当时显示其籍贯为公安县人。sWjozFK8
TADV 海外 网8月20日电 据港媒报道，祸港头目、壹传媒创办人黎智英于2017年涉嫌在维多利亚公园内恐吓一名记者，案件20日在西九龙法院开审。男事主出庭作证称，被告曾对其粗口辱骂，并说“ 我一定会找人搞你”。法庭早前已下令将事主及另一名证人匿名。scbC
uSlQ 高分七号卫星于2019年11月3日成功发射，卫星搭载了双线阵立体相机、激光测高仪等有效载荷，突破了亚米级立体测绘相机技术，能够获取高空间分辨率光学立体观测数据和高精度激光测高数据。不同于其他的高分家族卫星，高分七号携带的“ 双线阵相机”能够拍摄“ 3D图像 ” 。不仅能够看到地面物体的色彩、大小，还能看清高度，地物数据信息更丰富。qX8n
w6eF 男事主称，2017年6月，他被指派到维园采访拍照，遭被告 “ 怒视 ” 。约15分钟后，男事主再于距离约7米外，用摄像机拍摄被告及旁边的李柱铭，没想到被告站起，来到半米之外，用右手食指指向他，用粗口辱骂，并称“ 我一定会找人搞你” “ 我拍你照了 ” 等。XrQ6
第二十七条 承担教材发行的机构应取得相应的资质，根据出版发行相关管理规定，最近5年内未受到出版主管部门处罚，无其他违法违纪违规行为。
syGk 从南到北、由东往西，幅员辽阔的祖国让有些人的回家之路穿越四季。穿什么既有温度又有风度？请看中国天气网根据2001年至2019年气候数据绘制的春运穿衣指数地图。JJxT
gRoQ “ 连日来，我们通过张贴宣传标语、点餐提示等形式营造文明用餐、浪费可耻、节约光荣的氛围，效果显著。”漯河市餐饮与饭店行业协会秘书长张肖阳告诉记者，下一步，他们还将联合更多餐饮企业，推出更多针对性的措施，“希望能吸引更多人参与进来，让勤俭节约的美德成为新的文明标签”。EJ1b
a0R9 自然资源部耕地保护监督司副司长 杜舰：通过第三次全国国土调查来不断分析我们耕地保护的一些薄弱环节，通过执法监测执法监察来坚决遏制我们耕地方面的一些非农化非粮化的现象，提高整个耕地保护水平。3QUQ
pu42 2019年5月，时任湖北省应急管理厅党组书记、厅长的郭唐寅被查，2019年6月，时任湖北省公安厅原党委委员、湖北警官学院原党委书记董国祥被查。gNOb
IjNg 据了解，高分七号卫星在轨测试期间，对土地违法监察、基本地物要素识别、农作物种植面积测量、公路建设施工监测等方面的一系列功能进行了验证。为助力今年5月的珠穆朗玛峰高程测量工作，自然资源部国土卫星遥感应用中心利用高分七号、资源三号等卫星获取遥感图像，绘制了1：10000比例尺地形图，为登山队成功登顶提供了地形参考。下阶段，卫星将在全球地理信息获取、自主数据提供等方面开展进一步的研究与应用。bptt
yuvz 新京报讯 日前， 《 北京市优化营商环境条例 》 （以下简称《条例》）面向社会征求意见。1月6日，市发改委相关负责人对《条例》进行了解读。记者了解到，《条例》提出搭建知识产权侵权预警保护平台，这在全国是最早的。E4sq
HFqn 龚道安的落马，打破了十九大以来上海尚无省部级官员被查的纪录，同时，他也成为继公安部副部长孙力军，重庆副市长、公安局局长邓恢林之后，今年内第三名被查的警界高官。IW33
m5W6 谢大欢：主要是舰徽设计了两年半，改了28稿。因为这是中国第一艘航母，和设计一个企业的logo不一样。我们要考虑中国人对航母的期许是什么，舰上官兵的自我认知是什么，要综合这些考虑去设计，所以它包含的元素很多。你看全球优质的徽章，比如中国国徽，都是很多复杂元素组合在一起的。8Tc7
Nfzr 据梨 视
频8月19日报道，雷州公安局工作人员称，当事男生是为了向家人逞能，目前未涉及违法犯罪，会对其进行口头教育；一般伪造三份及以上的假录取通知书会构成犯罪。FtIq
6FnE 工程由主坝、溢洪道、输水洞等建筑物组成。大坝为均质土夹心墙坝，主坝坝顶长54米，最大坝高26.8米，溢洪道最大泄洪量为1093立方米/秒。放水坝为右侧，浆砌石涵洞（输水洞），最大流量为1.4立方米/秒。l1oW
aTlA 第八条 高校落实国家教材建设相关政策，成立教材工作领导机构，明确专门工作部门，健全校内教材管理制度，负责教材规划、编写、审核、选用等。高校党委对本校教材工作负总责。5CdT
xWxK 国家规划教材由国务院教育行政部门组建的国家职业院校教材审核机构负责审核；省级规划教材由省级教育行政部门组建的职业院校教材审核机构负责审核，其中意识形态属性较强的教材还应送省级党委宣传部门牵头进行政治把关。dqd9
bFYN 中国台湾 网1月7日讯 据台湾《联合报》报道，亲民党2020候选人宋楚瑜今（7日）到南投县拜票。宋楚瑜表示，女儿宋镇迈虽然一向低调，但对宋参选2020、为台湾民主政治打拼相当支持，将在选前之夜为宋站台。宋楚瑜预告，正在和台湾鸿海集团董事长郭台铭联系，希望郭台铭同台。UPcE
2 Nmu 据香 港 “ 东网 ” 报道，男事主在法庭上表示，自己在2014年非法
“ 占中 ” 事件前后调职，专门采访关于被告黎智英的新闻，会进行跟拍，但跟被告会保持距离，不会太过接近。他表示，曾经在采访期间遭被告拍摄其容貌，2016年10月他到湾仔采访时，发现被告在车上副驾驶座用手机拍摄自己，对此感到很惊讶。pa0p
1.YR38 “ 乙方负责防洪、防汛期内的水温监测和上报，造（适）时开闸防水调洪。同时，在干旱期调节下游水源，保障百姓正常生活用水。特别是防洪防汛抗旱的特殊时期坚决顾全大局，服从上级命令”
gIYA
2.6GiK 2016年底，艾洪录开始在填平的渣石上平整土地，修建别墅。期间村委会多次制止但都未奏效，村民多次向镇政府和相关部门反映，相关部门也多次下达过停工整改的通知书，但艾洪录不签字也不执行。ZgSI
3.cQAO 8月19日晚，澎湃新闻在淘宝网检索关键词“录取通知书”发现，多家店铺称可定制高校录取通知书，包括专科、本科、研究生录取通知书。部分商品展示页附有多家高校录取通知书封面图片。EGLU
4.qR3U 第十九条 教材审核应对照本办法第三、十三条的具体要求进行全面审核，严把政治关、学术关，促进教材质量提升。政治把关要重点审核教材的政治方向和价值导向，学术把关要重点审核教材内容的科学性、先进性和适用性。0eAg
There ’s one major drawback to most proposed renewable - energy sources : their variability .
The sun does n’t shine at night , the wind does n’t always blow , and tides , waves and currents fluctuate .
That ’s why many researchers have been pursuing ways of storing the power generated by these sources so that it can be used when it ’s needed .
So far , those solutions have tended to be too expensive , limited to only certain areas , or difficult to scale up sufficiently to meet the demands .
Many researchers are struggling to overcome these limitations , but MIT professor Donald Sadoway has come up with an innovative approach that has garnered significant interest — and some major funding .
The idea is to build an entirely new kind of battery , whose key components would be kept at high temperature so that they would stay entirely in liquid form .
The experimental devices currently being tested in Sadoway ’s lab work in a way that ’s never been attempted in batteries before .
This month , the newly established federal agency ARPA -E ( Advanced Research Projects Agency , Energy ) announced its first 37 energy - research grants out of a pool of 3,600 applications , and Sadoway ’s project to develop utility - scale batteries received one of the largest sums — almost $ 7 million over five years .
And within a few days of the ARPA - E announcement , the French oil company Total — the world ’s fifth - largest — announced a $ 4 million , five - year joint venture with MIT to develop a smaller - scale version of the same technology , suitable for use in individual homes or other buildings .
Because the technology is being patented and could lead to very large - scale commercialization , Sadoway will not discuss the details of the materials being used .
But both Sadoway and ARPA - E say the battery is based on low - cost , domestically available liquid metals that have the potential to shatter the cost barrier to large - scale energy storage as part of the nation 's energy grid .
In announcing its funding of Sadoway ’s work , ARPA - E said the battery technology “ could revolutionize the way electricity is used and produced on the grid , enabling round - the - clock power from America 's wind and solar power resources , increasing the stability of the grid , and making blackouts a thing of the past . ”
Andrew Chung , a principal at Lightspeed Venture Partners in Menlo Park , Calif. , which has no equity stake in Sadoway ’s project at this point , says that “ grid - scale storage is an area that ’s set to explode in the next decade or so , ” and is one that his company is following closely .
The liquid battery concept Sadoway is developing “ is an exciting approach to solving the problem , ” he says .
Big is beautiful
Most battery research , Sadoway says , has been aimed at improving storage for portable or mobile systems such as cellphones , computers and cars .
The requirements for such systems , including very low weight and high safety , are very different from the needs of a grid - scale , fixed - location battery system .
“ What I did was completely ignore the conventional technology used for portable power , ” he says .
The different set of requirements for stationary systems “ opens up a whole new range of possibilities . ”
A large , utility - owned system “ does n’t have to be crash - worthy ; it does n’t have to be ‘ idiot - proof ’ because it wo n’t be in the hands of the consumer . ”
And while consumers are willing to pay high prices , pound - for - pound , for the small batteries used in high - value portable devices , the biggest constraint on utility - sized systems is cost .
In order to compete with present fossil - fuel power systems , he says , “ it has got to be cheap to build , cheap to maintain , last a long time with minimal maintenance , and store enormous amounts of energy . ”
And so the new liquid batteries that Sadoway and his team , including graduate student David Bradwell , are designing use low - cost , abundant materials .
The basic principle is to place three layers of liquid inside a container :
Two different metal alloys , and one layer of a salt .
The three materials are chosen so that they have different densities that allow them to separate naturally into three distinct layers , with the salt in the middle separating the two metal layers — like novelty drinks with different layers .
The energy is stored in the liquid metals that want to react with one another but can do so only by transferring ions — electrically charged atoms of one of the metals — across the electrolyte , which results in the flow of electric current out of the battery .
When the battery is being charged , some ions migrate through the insulating salt layer to collect at one of the terminals .
Then , when the power is being drained from the battery , those ions migrate back through the salt and collect at the opposite terminal .
The whole device is kept at a high temperature , around 700 degrees Celsius , so that the layers remain molten .
In the small devices being tested in the lab , maintaining this temperature requires an outside heater , but Sadoway says that in the full - scale version , the electrical current being pumped into , or out of , the battery will be sufficient to maintain that temperature without any outside heat source .
While some previous battery technologies have used one liquid - metal component , this is the first design for an all - liquid battery system , Sadoway says .
“ Solid components in batteries are speed bumps .
When you want ultra - high current , you do n’t want any solids . ”
Inspiration from aluminum
The initial inspiration for the idea came from thinking about a very different technology , Sadoway says : one of the biggest users of electrical energy , aluminum smelting plants .
Sadoway realized that this was one of the few existing examples of a system that could sustain extremely high levels of electrical current over a sustained period of years at a time .
“ It ’s an electrochemical process that runs at high temperatures , and at a current of hundreds of thousands of amps , ” he says .
In a sense , the new concept is like an aluminum plant running in reverse , producing power instead of consuming it .
Chung says that from the point of view of a venture capitalist , the research is particularly intriguing for several reasons .
Not only does it offer the potential to significantly lower the cost and increase cycle life [ the number of times it can be charged and discharged ] of large - scale electricity storage , but it also suggests that the risk typically associated with an early stage research project may be lower because the system draws on decades of experience in the design and operation of aluminum production facilities .
“ That gives us added confidence that some of the targets around cost , scalability and safety have merit , ” he says .
The team is now testing a number of different variations of the exact composition of the materials in the three layers , and of the design of the overall device .
Sadoway says that thanks to initial funding through the Deshpande Center and the Chesonis Family Foundation , he and his team were able to develop the concept to the point of demonstrating a proof - of - principle at the laboratory scale .
That , in turn , made it possible to get the large grants to develop the technology further .
“ It ’s an example of work that sprang from basic science , was developed to a pilot scale , and now is being scaled up to have a real transformational impact in the world , ” says Ernest Moniz , director of the MIT Energy Initiative .
The laboratory tests have provided “ some measure of confidence , ” Sadoway says .
But many more tests will be needed to “ demonstrate that the idea is scalable to industrial size , at competitive cost . ”
But while he is very confident that it will all work , there are a lot of unknowns , he says , including how to design and build the necessary containers , electrical control systems , and connections .
“ We ’re talking about batteries of a size never seen before , ” he says .
And the system they develop has to include everything , including control systems and charger electronics on an unprecedented scale .
For Sadoway , the project is worth pursuing despite its daunting challenges , because the potential impact is so great .
“ I ’m not doing this because I want another journal publication , ” Sadoway says .
“ It ’s about making a difference … It ’s an opportunity to invent our way out of the energy problem . ”
Subscribe to receive Oilwatch Monthly by e-mail
Latest Developments :
1 ) Conventional crude production - Latest figures from the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) show that crude oil production including lease condensates decreased by 21,000 b/d from July to August 2009 , resulting in total production of crude oil including lease condensates of 72.50 million b/d.
Crude oil production in the EIA International Petroleum Monthly for July 2009 was revised upward from 72.42 to 72.52 million b/d .
The all time high production record of crude oil stands at 74.74 million b/d reached in July 2008 .
2 ) Total liquid fuels production - In October 2009 world production of all liquid fuels increased by 630,000 barrels per day from September according to the latest fgures of the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , resulting in total world liquid fuels production of 85.61 million b/d. Liquids production for September 2009 was revised upwards in the IEA Oil Market Report of November from 84.92 to 84.98 million b/d.
Average global liquid fuels production in 2009 up to October was 84.73 versus 86.6 and 85.32 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 .
3 ) OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production in OPEC countries increased by 250,000 b/d from September to October to a level of 34.25 million b/d.
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 through October was 33.65 million b/d , versus 36.09 and 35.02 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
All time high production of OPEC liquid fuels stands at 36.58 million b/d reached in July 2008 .
Total crude oil production excluding lease condensates of the OPEC cartel increased by 110,000 b/d to a level of 28.94 million b/d , from September to October 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the IEA .
Average crude oil production in 2009 through October was 28.64 million b/d , versus 31.43 and 30.37 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
OPEC natural gas liquids rincreased by 140,000 b/d from September to October 2009 at a level of 5.31 million b/d.
Average OPEC natural gas liquids production in 2009 up to October was 5.02 million b/d , versus 4.66 and 4.55 million b/d in respectively 2008 and 2007 .
4 ) Non-OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production excluding biofuels in Non-OPEC countries increased by 380,000 b/d from September to October 2009 , resulting in a production level of 49.69 million b/d according to the International Energy Agency .
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 up to October was 49.52 million b/d , versus 49.32 and 49.34 million b/d in respectively 2008 and 2007 .
Total Non-OPEC crude oil production excluding lease condensates decreased by 167,000 b/d to a level of 41.46 million b/d , from July to August 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the EIA .
Average crude oil production in 2009 up to August was 41.47 million b/d , versus 41.32 and 41.80 million b/d in respectively 2008 and 2007 .
Non-OPEC natural gas liquids production decreased by 48,000 from July to August to a level of 3.24 million b/d. Average Non-OPEC natural gas liquids production in 2009 through August was 3.37 million b/d , versus 3.65 and 3.79 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
5 ) OECD Oil Consumption - No Update
6 ) Chinese & Indian liquids demand - No Update
7 ) OPEC spare capacity - According to the International Energy Agency total effective spare capacity ( excluding Iraq , Venezuela and Nigeria ) decreased from September to October 2009 by 430,000 b/d to a level of 5.2 million b/d .
Of total October effective spare capacity Saudi Arabia can produce an additional 3.4 million b/d within 90 days , the United Arab Emirates 0.56 million b/d , Angola 0.19 million b/d , Iran 0.35 million b/d , Libya 0.22 million b/d , Qatar 0.12 million b/d , and the other remaining countries 0.36 million b/d .
Total OPEC spare production capacity in October 2009 increased by 60,000 b/d to a level of 3.97 million b/d from 3.91 million b/d in September according to the Energy Information Administration .
Of total September spare capacity 2.80 million b/d is estimated to be from Saudi Arabia , 0.21 million b/d from Qatar , 0.16 million b/d from Angola , 0.30 million b/d from Kuwait , 0.30 million b/d from the United Arab Emirates , 0.10 million b/d from Iran , and 0.10 million b/d from other countries .
8 ) OECD oil stocks - Industrial inventories of crude oil in the OECD in September 2009 decreased to a level of 976 million from 986 million barrels in August according to the latest IEA statistics .
Current OECD crude oil stocks are 15 million barrels higher than the five year average of 961 million barrels .
In the October Oil Market Report of the IEA a total stock level of 985 million barrels was tabulated for August which has been revised upwards to 986 million barrels in the November edition .
Industrial product stocks in the OECD in September 2009 increased to 1498 million from 1488 million barrels in August according to the latest IEA Statistics .
Current OECD product stocks are 97 million barrels higher than the five year average of 1401 million barrels .
In the October Oil Market Report of the IEA a total stock level of 1471 million barrels was tabulated for August which has been revised upwards to 1488 million barrels in the November edition .
Figure 2 - OPEC Crude Oil Production & Spare Capacity - International Energy Agency - January 2003 to October 2009 .
Figure 3 - OPEC Crude Oil Production & Spare Capacity - Energy Information Administration - January 2003 to August 2009
Figure 4 - World Liquids Production from January 2002 to October 2009
Figure 5 - World crude oil production from January 2002 to August 2009
Figure 6 - OPEC Liquids Production from January 2002 to October 2009
Figure 7 - Non-OPEC liquids production from January 2002 to October 2009
Figure 8 - Non-OPEC
Crude Oil production from January 2002 to August 2009
A Maricopa County Sheriff 's detention officer who was found in contempt of court said Monday night he would not apologize for his actions during an October sentencing hearing .
Detention Officer Adam Stoddard was found in contempt in November for removing documents from a defense attorney Joanne Cuccia 's file during a hearing for Antonio Lozano on Oct. 19 , and Superior Court Judge Gary Donahoe ordered him to hold a press conference apologizing to Cuccia .
" I cannot and will not apologize for putting court safety first , " Stoddard said .
On Tuesday morning , the Sheriff 's Office was preparing for the possibility that Stoddard would report to jail .
Tom Liddy , an attorney from Maricopa County 's civil division representing the Sheriff 's Office , said he was trying to get clarification on Donahoe 's ruling , which requires Stoddard to report to jail by Dec. 1 � which representatives from the Sheriff 's Office and Superior Courts took to mean midnight .
If Stoddard fails to report , the order stipulates that a warrant will be issued for his arrest .
Liddy filed a motion to stay Donahoe 's order pending the outcome of an appeal , but Donahoe denied that motion on Monday afternoon .
Stoddard testified earlier this month that he saw words on the documents that made him think Cuccia 's client posed a threat to security in the court room .
" I saw a document that I had not yet screened and that raised security issues , " he said .
" I retrieved that document in plain sight and had court personnel copy it to preserve it as evidence in case it was a security breach .
It was a split second decision and I do not regret my actions . "
Donahoe heard three days of testimony from Stoddard , Cuccia and another deputy on duty with Stoddard during the Oct. 19 sentencing hearing before finding Stoddard in contempt on Nov. 17 and giving the officer until the end of the month to apologize to Cuccia .
" Judge Donahoe has ordered me to feel something I do not , " Stoddard said .
" He has order me to say something I cannot .
The judge has therefore put me in a position where I must lie or go to jail .
I will not lie . "
With a bend of the knees and an arch of the back , a Japanese engineer today set a world flight record for a paper plane , keeping his hand - folded construction in the air for 26.1 seconds .
Using a plane specially designed for " long haul " flights , Takuo Toda narrowly failed to match his lifetime best of 27.9 seconds , a Guinness world record set in Hiroshima earlier , but achieved with a plane that was held together with cellophane tape .
Today 's flight , inside a Japan Airlines hangar near Haneda airport in Tokyo , was the longest by an unadulterated model .
" I felt a lot of pressure , " Toda told the Associated Press after his feat .
" Everything is a factor ‑ the moisture in the air , the temperature , the crowd . "
The record was all the more satisfying for having been achieved with a plane that stayed true to the traditions of origami , the traditional Japanese art of paper folding .
He folded his 10 cm aircraft by hand from a single sheet of paper and did not use scissors or glue .
Toda , who is president of the Japan origami aeroplane association , said the secret to a successful launch was to avoid a flat trajectory and get the plane as high in the air as possible to give it time to circle slowly towards terra firma .
" It 's really a sport , " he said .
" The throwing technique is very delicate . "
Toda has established himself as the world 's foremost folder of paper planes , an obsession that now has him setting his sights on the final frontier .
Last year he and fellow enthusiast Shinji Suzuki , an aeronautical engineer and professor at Tokyo University , announced plans to have about 100 of their paper planes launched by a Japanese astronaut on board the international space station , 250 miles above Earth .
The 30 cm planes , made from heat - resistant paper treated with silicon , survived temperatures of 250C and wind speeds of mach 7 ‑ seven times the speed of sound ‑ during testing .
But the attempt was postponed after the pair acknowledged it would be all but impossible to track them during their week - long journey to Earth , assuming any of them survived the searing descent .
Toda , who received funding for the project from Jaxa , Japan 's space agency , is determined not to give up and hopes to get backing from China or Russia for another attempt .
Before then , he may again try to achieve the origami plane equivalent of Roger Bannister 's sub - four - minute mile : keeping his plane aloft for a full half a minute .
" I will get the 30 - second record , " he said .
" It 's just a matter of time . "
Paul Allen , who co-founded Microsoft with Bill Gates in 1975 , has been diagnosed with cancer , according to US reports .
Allen left Microsoft in 1983 and is the founder and chairman of Vulcan and the chairman of Charter Communications .
He has non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , said reports citing a letter to employees of Vulcan from Allen 's sister and chief executive of the company , Jody Allen .
She said her brother had started chemotherapy after being diagnosed with diffuse large B - cell lymphoma earlier in the month .
" Paul is feeling OK and remains upbeat .
He continues to work and he has no plans to change his role at Vulcan , " she said .
Allen survived an earlier bout of cancer 25 years ago , his sister said .
Eat less
and maybe do some exercise
This tip brought to you by Bobsworth Industries
The automaker has been a Formula One competitor since 2002 , but failed to win a single race .
It finished fifth in this year ’s championship , placing sixth and seventh in the last race of the season in Abu Dhabi last Sunday .
Toyota ’s best result in the series came in 2005 , when it finished fourth in the constructor standings .
Image Tadashi Yamashina , the chairman of Toyota Motorsport , cried at a news conference in Tokyo on Wednesday when the team announced its withdrawal from Formula One. Credit ... Issei Kato / Reuters
Coincidentally , Brawn GP  which took over the old Honda team  won the Formula One championship this year , which the team had failed to achieve under Honda .
With Toyota ’s exit , there will be no Japanese constructor on the Formula One grid in 2010 , throwing the popularity of the sport in the world ’s second - largest economy into question .
Toyota had invested time and money into the sport , acquiring the Fuji International Speedway in 2000 and holding the Formula One Japanese Grand Prix in 2007 - 8 .
But after organizational mishaps and poor ticket sales , the race returned in 2009 to the Suzuka Circuit , owned by a Honda subsidiary .
Tadashi Yamashina , senior managing director and head of Toyota ’s motor racing unit , said through tears that he was sorry for Toyota ’s racers , especially the team ’s Japanese reserve driver , Kamui Kobayashi .
Toyota ’s main drivers for the 2009 season were Jarno Trulli of Italy and Timo Glock of Germany .
“ The drivers have grown , together with the team , ” he said , trailing off as his eyes welled with tears .
He spent the rest of the news conference heaving and sighing and dabbing his eyes with a handkerchief .
Alongside Yamanashi , Toyoda , a member of the company ’s founding family who took over in June , presented himself as a realist who was not afraid of making tough decisions .
“ I have always been one of motor sport ’s most ardent supporters , ” he said .
“ But since becoming president , my responsibilities have changed .
I felt that we needed to shift the company ’s resources .
Eco-friendly cars are our top priority . ”
( written from a Production point of view Real World article
Star Trek : The Animated Series , originally and formally titled Star Trek and The Animated Adventures of Gene Roddenberry 's Star Trek , was a continuation of the voyages of the USS Enterprise , previously featured in Star Trek : The Original Series .
Contents show ]
Summary
On the television network NBC , 22 episodes of The Animated Series were aired between September 1973 and October 1974 .
Reruns continued on NBC through 1975 .
The series was produced by the experienced animation house Filmation and the episodes were scripted by professional science fiction and Star Trek writers , including Larry Niven , D.C. Fontana , David Gerrold , and Samuel A. Peeples .
Some of the stories were sequels to episodes from the original series , such as " More Tribbles , More Troubles " ( the follow - up to " The Trouble with Tribbles " ) , " Once Upon a Planet " ( a sequel to " Shore Leave " ) , and " Mudd's Passion " ( the follow - up to " Mudd's Women " and " I , Mudd " ) .
With the exception of Ensign Chekov , all of the regular characters from the original series continued to appear , voiced by the original actors from that series ( Chekov was absent to cut down on costs of hiring the voice actors , although Walter Koenig penned an episode of the series , " The Infinite Vulcan " ) .
Dr. McCoy was a full commander , and Nurse Chapel was a full lieutenant .
New characters , such as Arex and M'Ress , were also featured .
The show was the most expensive animated show on the air at the time , primarily because six " name " actors from Star Trek : The Original Series provided the voices for their characters .
Nearly all the aliens and guest characters were voiced by James Doohan , Nichelle Nichols , and Majel Barrett , although some actors reprised their roles from the original series .
Leonard Nimoy ( Spock ) is the only actor to voice his character in every episode of TAS .
James Doohan , however , voiced different characters in every episode of the series , but missed only one episode as Montgomery Scott , the episode being " The Slaver Weapon " .
Among the returning guest actors ( and characters ) were Mark Lenard ( as Sarek ) , Roger C. Carmel ( as Harry Mudd ) , and Stanley Adams ( as Cyrano Jones ) .
Although the characters Amanda Grayson , Bob Wesley , Kyle , Kor , Koloth , and Korax returned in The Animated Series , their voices were provided by the aforementioned voice talents of Majel Barrett and James Doohan .
The show featured a handful of new technologies like the recreation room ( later the idea was reused in TNG , where it was known as a holodeck ) and the aqua - shuttle .
It also featured many non-humanoid alien species ( and even some alien officers aboard the Enterprise ) who could not have been featured within the original series ' budget .
Roddenberry was adamant that this show was Star Trek ( i.e. the continuation of the original series ) leading to it having the same title .
The addition of The Animated Series to the title was not until years later .
The series , which lasted two years , could be viewed as the completion of the Enterprise 's five - year mission .
D.C. Fontana personally viewed all 22 episodes as year four .
StarTrek.com considers the seasons collectively to represent the fifth and final year of the mission .
Although at one point Paramount Pictures did not regard the animated series as canonical , with the release of The Animated Series DVD , the studio appears to have changed its stance , and is leaning towards the animated series being part of established Star Trek canon .
References from the series have gradually become more accepted in other Star Trek series , most notably on Star Trek : Deep Space Nine and Star Trek : Enterprise ( see the " questionable canon " section below for the complete list of references ) .
Gene Roddenberry said that if he had known there would be more live - action Star Trek in the future , the animated series would have been far more logical and " canonable , " or he might not have produced the animated series at all .
A DVD collection of the complete series was released on 21 November 2006 for Region 1 .
Cast
Starring the voices of
And
Also starring the voices of
Episode list
Season 1
TAS Season 1 , 16 episodes :
Season 2
TAS Season 2 , 6 episodes :
Background information
Origins
Former Original Series writer D.C. Fontana reported in the fanzine Star - Borne of 22 June 1972 that , " Paramount ... [ is ] enormously impressed by the quantity ( and quality ) of fan mail they continue to receive .
The possibility seems to be slowly developing of a Star Trek feature movie for theatrical release , aimed at becoming the new Star Trek television pilot … on the network front , NBC still expresses great interest in doing Star Trek in some form .
Both NBC and Paramount continue to receive a great deal of mail and have had to assign secretaries for the sole job of answering it . " [ 5 ]
NBC 's surprising complete turnaround ( as it were they who had canceled the live - action precursor in 1969 , purportedly for poor ratings performance ) not only stemmed from the spectacular resurgence of the Original Series in syndication , but also from its own accounting department .
Shortly before Fontana 's report , NBC had replaced its old Nielsen rating system with a new and updated one .
Mystified by the success of a show in syndication they were convinced was a flop , they decided to run the original Original Series figures through their new system they and found out much to their surprise that it had not only reached full penetration into their most coveted target audience , the male population between 18 and 45 , but also that the series had been one of the most successful series the network had ever aired .
The sickening realization hit upon the dismayed network executives that they had slaughtered the proverbial goose that laid the golden eggs , something that every Star Trek fan at the time could have told them .
Hurriedly approaching Roddenberry to see if the series could be revitalized , it turned out to be unfeasible , as Paramount had only a few months earlier cleared out their warehouses from the vast majority of the remaining Star Trek production assets , they either being scrapped , given away or simply stolen .
Recreating them , calculated at US $ 750,000 , was deemed far too cost - prohibitive .
It did however lead NBC to commission the creation of The Animated Series .
( Star Trek - Where No One Has Gone Before , pp. 51 - 52 )
Even though they did not produce the new series themselves , Paramount Pictures , possessing all rights and title to the Star Trek brand , was legally the owner of the new property .
The first recordings
The first recording session for the animated Star Trek series was in June 1973 ( on or prior to the fourth of that month ) .
( The Star Trek Compendium , 4th ed. , p. 143 ; Star Trek : Communicator issue 119 , p. 32 )
This was with the entirety of the series ' regular cast and was the first time they had reunited since production of the original series ended in January 1969 .
The recording session was held at Filmation 's studios in Reseda , California , where the performers recorded the first three scripts for the series ( " Beyond the Farthest Star " , " Yesteryear " , and " More Tribbles , More Troubles " ) .
( Star Trek : Communicator issue 119 , p. 32 )
Lou Scheimer reminisces about the cast , " The glorious thing was getting them all together for the first recording session [ … ]
It was a joyous occasion . "
( " Drawn to the Final Frontier – The Making of Star Trek : The Animated Series " , TAS DVD ) William Shatner recalls how he got into character ; " [ Kirk had ] been locked away inside me for almost four years , but as soon as I opened my mouth to read his first line he was back .
Slipping back into that character was like putting on a comfortable old sweatshirt ; it fit . "
( Up Till Now : The Autobiography , p. 171 )
On 4 June 1973 , NBC publicly announced that the initial recording session had gone ahead .
( Star Trek : Communicator issue 119 , p. 32 )
Emmy win
In 1975 , the animated series of Star Trek won a Daytime Emmy Award in the area of " Best Children 's Series " for the 1974 -1975 television season .
Although Star Trek 's original series had repeatedly been nominated for Emmys , this was the first such award that the franchise actually won .
It became also the only best - series Emmy ever won by Star Trek as of 2020 .
It beat out Captain Kangaroo and The Pink Panther .
( Star Trek : The Animated Series - special features : " Drawn to the Final Frontier – The Making of Star Trek : The Animated Series " ; Star Trek - Where No One Has Gone Before , p. 57 , et al . )
The series essentially won the award on the basis of a certain episode .
" When Filmation submitted Star Trek for the Best Children 's Series Emmy , [ ' How Sharper Than a Serpent 's Tooth ' ] is the episode they submitted , " explains David Wise , a co-writer of that installment .
( " How Sharper Than a Serpent 's Tooth " audio commentary )
The episode 's other co-writer , Russell Bates , comments , " [ The episode ] became the only credential submitted when Filmation received an Emmy nomination for the series , and thus was instrumental in the winning of a 1975 Emmy Award . "
Bates also notes that the Emmy was not the only accolade that the episode attained . [ 6 ]
Shortly after Hal Sutherland and his family moved out of Los Angeles to Washington state , he received a call that informed him of the Emmy nomination .
He remembers , " This was exciting news and I spread the word to all of our friends and neighbors in case Filmation picked up the Emmy . "
As he learned prior to the event , it was to be presented in New York and Lou Scheimer decided to bring his own family to the festivities . [ 7 ]
The ceremony was actually on a boat in the New York harbor .
Lou Scheimer 's son , Lane , heard a practice session , below - decks , of the announcements being rehearsed .
The elder Scheimer reflects , " He said , ' Dad , do n't worry , I just saw them down there and they said it was Captain Kangaroo ' [....]
So I was sitting there , drinking wine , not worried , and [ getting ] half - plastered . "
( Star Trek Magazine Souvenir Special , p. 58 ) Scheimer also personally doubted that the animated Star Trek series was about to receive the award .
He states , " I was absolutely certain we were n't going to win ; there was no way that show could win because it really was not a kids ' show . "
( Star Trek : The Magazine Volume 1 , Issue 16 , p. 68 )
Hal Sutherland recalls tuning into the televised coverage of the event ; " I remember gathering the family to watch the award ceremonies with me .
I hoped to make them proud of what we had accomplished in some way .
Sitting in front of the TV , I watched with anxiety as the nominations for best animated series came up [ … ]
The award envelope was opened and Star Trek was announced the winner for its category . " [ 8 ]
Lou Scheimer ( who says he was " a nervous wreck " at the time ) , also recollects the announcement ; " Cyril Richard gets up there and says , ' And the best children 's programming for Saturday morning is Star Trek and Lou Shimmer [ sic ] .
I did n't know what to do .
You cannot tell , but I was floating . "
( Star Trek Magazine Souvenir Special , p. 58 ) Hal Sutherland continues , " Lou stepped to the podium to make his acceptance speech . " [ 9 ]
A transcript of that speech follows :
" My son overheard the rehearsals and he heard it was Captain 's Kangaroo , so I do n't know what to say … except a very , very special thanks to my very , very special friend and co-producer , Norm Prescott , and my lovely family , my wife , Jay … my son and my daughter , Lane and Erika , and to all those great , great people who produced for us – in the art of animation , at Filmation – those wonderful shows .
Thank you very , very much . "
( " Drawn to the Final Frontier – The Making of Star Trek : The Animated Series " , TAS DVD )
Lou Scheimer recalls the shock of having to collect the award ; " I was totally flabbergasted when we did [ win ] .
I did n't know what to say ; I was not prepared .
I was just aghast at the idea of being in front of all those people , waiting to hear me say something meaningful . "
( Star Trek : The Magazine Volume 1 , Issue 16 , p. 68 )
Watching Lou Scheimer 's acceptance speech was a very emotional experience for Hal Sutherland and he was enormously disgruntled that Scheimer thanked Norm Prescott rather than him .
Although Sutherland never expressed his extreme disappointment to the award recipient , Scheimer finally apologized to Sutherland in 2004 .
" He [ … ] sorrowfully related to me an apology for his ' drunken ' statement at the Emmy affair regarding his confusion between Norm and I and the production credits , " explained Sutherland .
" We 'd both carried that haunting memory all those many years , neither wanting to bring up the tender subject .
We later kissed [ and made up , putting the issue behind them ] . " [ 10 ]
Lou Scheimer criticized the winning of the award , saying that – even though it was " the only Emmy I 've ever gotten for a show " – it was inappropriate for the animated Star Trek to receive an award for a children 's show , since the series was actually meant to be " a show for the entire family and anybody who was really a fan of the original live - action show . "
( " Drawn to the Final Frontier – The Making of Star Trek : The Animated Series " , TAS DVD ) Norm Prescott , on the other hand , considered the award to be a high point in Filmation 's history .
( Star Trek : Communicator issue 119 , p. 79 ) Both Filmation , in general , and the writers of " How Sharper Than a Serpent 's Tooth " , were happy that the episode gained the series the award .
David Wise reminisces , " We , Russell [ Bates ] and I , considered that an achievement .
Filmation was thrilled and invited us to an Emmy party and all sorts of fun things like that . "
( " How Sharper Than a Serpent 's Tooth " audio commentary ) Gene Roddenberry regarded the award win as " the best proof " that the animated series had been " a fairly good job . "
( The Making of Star Trek : The Motion Picture , p. 20 ) D.C. Fontana was also " pleased " that the franchise had finally won an Emmy , later stating , " I was thrilled to death . "
( " Drawn to the Final Frontier – The Making of Star Trek : The Animated Series " , TAS DVD )
In their text commentary for series finale " The Counter - Clock Incident " , Michael and Denise Okuda describe the Emmy win as the series having been " honored . "
The book Star Trek - Where No One Has Gone Before ( p. 57 ) refers to the win as " a fitting send - off " for the series .
Considering the efforts the writers , including Bates , put in to tell more mature stories akin to the main series , the win of a " children 's " award turned out to be somewhat of a mixed blessing as it cemented the impression of Star Trek being an immature , superficial show for adolescents only at best in the minds of the non -fan society at large , which started to become wary of the emerging " Trekkie " phenomenon .
It became part of the reasons why to date a substantial part of " Trekdom " , Creator Gene Roddenberry included , continued to refuse to consider The Animated Series part of canon , as related hereafter .
Most ironically , the six - episode second season of Star Trek : Short Treks , which only became nominated in 2020 for Star Trek 's fifth " major " Emmy Award , did include two animated episodes , " Ephraim and Dot " and " The Girl Who Made the Stars " , specifically intended for children .
Questionable canon
According to Voyages of Imagination , the Animated Series was officially removed from canon at Gene Roddenberry 's request in 1988 , with the exception of some parts involving Spock 's youth , from Fontana 's episode " Yesteryear " .
This had already been confirmed previously by reference book author Mike Okuda in the introductions of his works .
( Star Trek Chronology ( 2nd ed. , p. vii ) ; Star Trek Encyclopedia ( 4th ed. , vol. 1 , p. introduction ) ; ) Paramount Pictures has followed suit by elevating the request to policy , having officially declared the series non-canon .
( Star Trek Encyclopedia ( 1st ed. , p. iii ) )
Despite this request , Memory Alpha recognizes The Animated Series as a valid resource .
There were also strong indications from the official website that TAS was formally re-added to the official canon in 2006 by the franchise in order to commercially promote the occasion of the series ' release on DVD that year .
( ; See also the content policy ) .
Writers from later Star Trek series have integrated various references from the series into their works .
Star Trek : Enterprise writer / producer Manny Coto once remarked , " They did some great stuff in the animated series and why not use some of that ? "
( Cinefantastique , Vol. 37 , No. 2 , p. 37 ) Star Trek : The Next Generation and Star Trek : Deep Space Nine writing staffer Ronald D. Moore likewise commented , " It 's kinda cool to throw in the odd reference [ to TAS ] here and there . "
( AOL chat , 1998 ) The following references were used in subsequent series :
Several non-canon productions have also made reference to TAS :
Production inconsistencies
One unfortunate reality of an animated television series was the occasional color discrepancy .
The most notable color discrepancy was shown with several appearances of the color pink .
Unknown to the rest of the production staff , director Sutherland was color - blind , so to him , pink was light gray .
( " Drawn to the Final Frontier – The Making of Star Trek : The Animated Series " , TAS DVD )
While true , Kaplan was not color - blind and was often conscientious of the color decisions being made .
The following images are examples of Irv Kaplan 's personal color choices :
According to Bob Kline , " Pink equals Irv Kaplan .
Irv was in charge of ink and paint , coloring the various characters and props ( and he would do it himself in his office , he would sit down with a cel and paint it ) .
He was also referred to by many people there as the purple and green guy .
You 'll see in a lot of scenes , purple and green used together – that was one of his preferences .
He made dragons red , the Kzintis ' costumes pink .
It was all Irv Kaplan 's call .
He was n't listening to anyone else when he picked colors , or anything . "
( Star Trek : The Official Guide to the Animated Series , p. 26 )
Several other unintentional coloring issues also cropped up .
Kirk 's type 1 phaser had its color scheme reversed ( black on silver / grey , instead of silver on black ) , and some shots featured characters wearing Starfleet uniforms of the wrong division or colors .
As a result of the use of recycled footage , there were also many instances of randomly misplaced characters and equipment .
Recurring inconsistencies in this vein include the random appearance of Lt. Kyle in several transporter room scenes , close - up shots of Scott operating the transporter controls , the interchanged appearances with Uhura and M'Ress at the communications station , and the appearance of characters on the bridge while simultaneously appearing in another section of the ship or on the surface of a planet .
Another inconsistency that appears sometimes is Scott shown with the rank of captain , and Kirk with a unknown rank insignia .
The Animated Series also made substantial changes to set locations used in the original series :
A second turbolift is installed on the bridge , next to the main viewscreen .
The bridge stations are rounded , and form a perfect circle , instead of the hexagonal TOS bridge set .
The access stairs to the upper level engineering deck ( seen in TOS seasons 2 and 3 ) are gone .
One production glitch that was avoided from being televised was Uhura having white skin .
" Someone in the paint department used Nurse Chapel 's colors on Uhura , who turned Caucasian with the flip of a brush ! " exclaims Malcolm C. Klein , a management and marketing consultant to Filmation .
" Fortunately , that one was caught before the film reached the lab . "
( Starlog , Vol. 2 , No. 6 , p. 47 )
On many other occasions , body parts on various characters would go missing .
According to animator Bob Kline , " it was usually something the cameraman did on purpose or accident to keep the cel levels at six .
You could n't use more than six cel levels under the camera . "
This was often completed to allow more animation to appear on screen , as anymore than six cells would make the animation appear " muddier " .
( Star Trek : The Official Guide to the Animated Series , p. 27 )
Related topics
Tim Burton ’s live - action films Batman and Batman Returns presented a different version of the Batmobile .
It reflected the environment of Burton ’s Art Deco Gotham City .
It was long , low and sleek , and was built on a Chevy Impala chassis .
Reputedly , every gadget seen on the Batmobile used in these films was fully functional , including the jet engine , which consumed fuel at such a high rate that there was only enough fuel capacity to run it for the approximately fifteen seconds of the longest shot in which the viewer can see it operating .
Spherical bombs could be deployed from its sides .
An afterburner was housed in the back .
Two Browning machine guns were hidden behind flaps in each fender .
From : www.autogespot.com
We Recommend :
Gold 's recent advances signal that we are in a period of major transition now .
The American dollar 's role as the world 's reserve currency is inherently unstable and the signs of a breakdown are all around .
Just as the monetary authorities have been unable to reinflate the high - tech bubble or the real estate bubble , when the dollar bubble is finally burst , no other paper currency will be able to take its place .
America 's earliest coins portrayed Liberty .
Not rulers and politicians .
Just Liberty .
A symbolic representation of the country 's highest ideal .
In the beginning , Americans had an affair of the heart with Liberty .
She was their muse and they were aflame in their love for her .
They talked about her everywhere , in their churches and taverns and town squares .
But she has n't appeared on our circulation coinage for more than sixty years , not since the beautiful " Walking Liberty " half - dollar .
It represented Liberty striding gracefully into the rising sun of the future , arm extended in peace and carrying a bounty of riches .
It was a beautiful representation , because abundance accompanies Liberty wherever she goes .
Our devotion would be no less if it were not true , but it is one of her secrets : Liberty creates prosperity .
Today 's coinage , looking each year more like subway tokens , celebrate the state .
Just as words replace deeds and paper substitutes for gold , politicians have displaced ideals .
The American state , which was created to serve Liberty , is now commemorated instead .
by Michael NystromNovember 9 , 2009 I started collecting coins back in 1976 , when I was just 8 years old .
My interest was piqued when a kid brought an old Franklin half - dollar to school one day .
I 'd always liked the Kennedy halves since there were relatively rare , and getting one in change was a special event .
But that Franklin half was something else entirely - like something from another planet !
Even as a second - grader , I could tell there was something qualitatively different about it .
It just felt different .
It was heavier , and had a certain elegant dullness to its finish .
It was dirty and worn around the edges in a way that made you think it was no stranger to work .
But in that glorious year of our nation 's 200th birthday , America was far enough down its current slide into poverty that it no longer minted coins from silver .
The government could n't afford it any more .
That practice had ended a dozen years earlier , and the silver that had circulated in America for hundreds of years had quietly disappeared .
A silver coin was something entirely new - and exciting - to my eight - year - old eyes .
In retrospect , seeing that Franklin half was a life altering event .
It got me interested in coins and money , got me started collecting , and provided me with an education that I otherwise would have missed completely in my public schooling .
The old coins were elegant and beautiful .
Through them I learned of art , economics , history and culture .
At the same time , the new copper clad bicentennial coins were making their way into circulation .
I wondered why the new coins were made of silver - colored copper sandwiches instead of real silver , and was told that " there was n't enough " silver to go around .
It was only much later that I learned the real reason - not that there is n't enough silver , but that the value of our money is being steadily eroded through inflation .
The result is that even pennies today are no longer made of copper .
My education naturally allowed me to understand the language of Ron Paul , back when most others still thought he was a kook .
It was through Dr. Paul that I began to understand the link between sound money and Liberty - another subject that was somehow missed in public school .
But something I 've only recently been coming to grips with was hammered home this weekend as I read Charles Goyette 's excellent new book The Dollar Meltdown .
The collective cultural mythology of ' the richest country in the world ' has been so blinding that until recently , I had failed to acknowledge this simple fact .
The Dollar Meltdown puts America 's decline it into a sweeping context that makes our collective outcome impossible to ignore : Plunging living standards , a steadily eroding currency and massive inflation in a nation that has lost its industrial base .
If you think things are bad now , they 're only going to get worse .
To quote Goyette : ( p.9 ) This is not just gloom and doom .
It is a reflection of the simple fact that actions have consequences .
Because consequences are often delayed , this is a fact that has remained hidden in plain sight , though more and more are starting to realize it .
Intuitively , we feel it - that things are coming apart at the seams .
For those of us who still have homes , and jobs , we hope against hope that things will somehow get better .
But it is becoming ever more apparent that we 've reached a turning point for the US economy and the dollar as we know it .
Goyette begins his book with a story about a caller to his radio show -- Jim in Scottsdale -- who finally connected the dots in late spring of 2008 .
With his epiphany he took action and completely sold out of the stock market , putting all of his money into gold .
To the ' cultured ' and ' educated ' members of our society - those who were indoctrinated anywhere from the finest public schools to Ivy League institutions - the notion of doing such a thing must have sounded completely preposterous .
After all , in June of 2008 the Dow still was n't far from its all time high .
We had the finest paper currency that money could buy .
In fact , we had the world 's reserve standard , thank you very much , not to mention an ample supply - nay an- of the ' safest ' risk free investments in the world - US Treasury Bonds .
Why would anyone want that barbaric relic gold ?
Today , as gold crosses $ 1,100 per ounce , and the dollar 's reserve status is in question , Jim in Scottsdale looks pretty smart , and there is a reason for that .
The hour is getting late for our once great nation , which was built and prospered on the solid foundations of Liberty , sound money and limited government .
To the indoctrinated masses , these words may also sound quaint and trite , relics of a long bygone era .
Because of the current widespread ignorance and disrespect for our foundational principles , further collapse is practically inevitable .
Goyette writes ( p.143-4 ) : " With the citizenry 's willingness to go along with a costly and unnecessary war , and the growing fiscal recklessness of the Republicans and Democrats , it has become apparent that the opportunity for collective action to avert the most serious economic episode in the U.S. since the Great Depression has passed .
" Sound money is gone .
As government grows , Liberty shrinks .
" America is transforming itself , " writes Goyette , " without forethought , debate , or pause into a command economy . " ( p.121 ) Did n't we learn in the 20th century that command economies do n't work ?
Apparently we have to learn it again .
Our government has already taken over the former pillars of the US economy : Auto manufacturing , banking , finance , insurance and mortgage companies .
It was done illegally with money created by fiat , and there is only one - way out for our now rogue state : Inflate or die .
" There is no evidence that US officials have any plan other than inflation to deal with real - world economic circumstances that are already underway , " writes Goyette .
( p.113-4 ) And he is quite blunt in his prognosis :
The days of hoping to catch a ride on trendy fad investments are long over .
Now is the time to hunker down and get back to basics and choose investments that will survive the inevitable inflation .
Part IV of his book is appropriately titled , " What To Do . "
In it , Goyette explains alternative investments that should remain strong in the face of howling inflation , and gives readers tools to maintain the value of their savings and take advantage of inevitable future opportunities .
The following passage near the end of the book ( p.231 ) poignantly summarizes America 's journey though the designs on our coinage :
It was the above passage that began me on my reverie of my how my childhood coin collecting hobby began , and what it continues to teach me .
Goyette continues : Note that our current half dollar not only portrays a politician on its obverse , it features the Seal of the President on its reverse !
Here is the history of our country , in three coins spanning less than 100 years .
America 's ongoing slide into poverty has coincided with our loss of Liberty - economic , civil and social .
The more the state attempts to control the people , the more Liberty is lost .
Poverty creeps in until it becomes a rushing torrent .
The reason that our Constitution makes nothing but silver and gold legal tender is to prevent the government from running its printing presses out of control , creating money by fiat while devaluing the existing money stock , as it is doing now .
I find it interesting that these lessons can be learned intuitively simply through the study of money .
Ron Paul mentions having been fascinated by coins at early age in his recent bestseller , End the Fed .
Goyette also talks of learning the lesson in the mid-1960s when his father started sorting out and keeping the silver coins , while spending the new copper clad ones back into circulation .
It is an act so intuitively common that it has been practiced by millions of individuals over thousands of years and codified in Gresham 's law : Bad money drives out good .
Goyette writes ( p.141 ) , " I quickly learned that the value of the coins comes not from the name of the issuing government , the images represented , the face values inscribed , or even the stirring mottoes themselves .
" Like Ron Paul and Charles Goyette , I was lucky to have started my monetary education early , through coin collecting , which led to a lifelong interest in money and the economy .
Most people do n't get this education - certainly not in public school system - and now is the time to catch up .
Charles Goyette has written a marvelous book , a comprehensive , guide to what happened , what is likely to happen , and what to do about it to protect yourself .
It speaks to the very roots of our crisis in a non-partisan way .
This education is invaluable in understanding what you can do to protect yourself and your family from its inevitable effects .
It is November now .
Somewhere the earth has started to cover in snow , as in Siberia and at other places , it ’s hot as in Egypt .
Sometimes we do n’t notice the beauty around us .
Alyhough autumn will end soon , I would like to remind you of those pretty autumn days , which are on the way through the pictures I ’ve collected this season .
So , sit back and enjoy these lovely pictures .
1 .
2 .
3 .
4 .
5 .
6 .
7 .
8 .
9 .
10 .
11 .
12 .
13 .
14 .
15 .
16 .
17 .
18 .
19 .
20 .
21 .
22 .
23 .
24 .
25 .
26 .
27 .
28 .
29 .
30 .
31 .
32 .
33 .
34 .
35 .
More Nexus
One fodder ?
Yes , please .
This second pic is n’t a full frontal like the first candid floating around the internet , but we though we would share anyways .
Just throwing a little extra gasoline on the Nexus One fire .
Enjoy .
A ROCKHAMPTON dad is accused of forcing his son to have sex with a prostitute because he feared the 14 - year - old was gay .
During a family barbecue around Christmas time in 2007 , the dad allegedly phoned a prostitute and arranged to meet her at a motel on Yaamba Road , North Rockhampton .
The father drove his son to the motel and paid the prostitute in $ 50 notes .
The prostitute took the boy into a motel room while the father waited on a balcony .
The dad walked in and out of the room to check on his son and told him he wanted to see a used condom as proof that they ’d had sex .
After the boy and the prostitute had finished the dad took his son home .
A magistrate yesterday found there was enough evidence against the father for him to stand trial for the rape of his son .
Giving evidence during the committal hearing in Rockhampton Magistrates Court , the boy ’s mother testified she questioned the youngster about where his father had taken him .
“ First ( he ) did n’t want to say anything to me .
Then he told me his father took him to a motel room and there was a prostitute there , ” the mother said .
“ He would n’t talk , he just started crying . ”
Police first became aware of the alleged rape when the father phoned the Child Protection Investigation Unit on May 5 , 2008 .
Detective Sergeant Christine Knapp answered the phone call , during which the father allegedly accused police of not acting on suspicions that his 14 - year - old son was “ abusing ” his younger brother .
The dad allegedly told police he had “ tried to sort it out himself by taking ( his son ) to a prostitute ” .
Sergeant Knapp said she warned the father over the phone before driving to the family ’s home and speaking with the mother and child .
The prostitute alleged to have had sex with the teenager has never been located .
Sergeant Knapp said she tracked the father ’s mobile phone calls to trace the prostitute ’s number , but without knowing a date of the alleged offence she could not track the woman down .
The prostitute was described to police as being about 28 - years - old , tall and skinny with tanned skin and dark , long hair .
Sergeant Knapp said the teenage boy appeared to be quite embarrassed when he was asked by police about the rape .
A date will be set in the new year for the matters to be heard in a higher court .
Not everyone has the time or budget for Christmas decorations — sometimes you ’ve got to improvise .
I recently noticed that Christmas is in a few days .
As a Jewish person , I ’m not necessarily qualified to go too in depth about Christmas ( and , if Bill O’Reilly is to be believed , I ’m actively working to destroy it ) … so I ’ve picked a Christmas list topic that knows no boundaries .
That topic : Turning poorness into magic .
Here are 11 jerry - rigged Christmas decorations I ’ve found after an exhaustive search , each of which is ugly … yet beautiful in its own way .
Kind of like Moe Szyslak .
Or a building by Frank Gehry .
Enjoy the list , and Merry Christmas !
( Except to you , Bill O’Reilly .
To you , I wish a very happy holidays . )
1 | The shopping cart tree
I mean … if you do n’t pile up a bunch of shopping carts to create an improved Christmas tree , they ’re just going to get filled up with aluminum cans or , even lamer , actual groceries .
2 | Bushels of reindeer
It ’s a tough call what I prefer — that the reindeer are made out of hay resting on sawhorses , or that the stickman Santa is driving a motorcycle sleigh that has a sidecar .
It ’s a completely ridiculous amalgamation of stuff … but you know if this was in a Christmas movie , some little kid would “ believe ” and bring back the spirit of Christmas and the reindeer and Santa would come to life .
( And , I ’m just guessing here , but I think I ’d prefer stick Santa to Tim Allen . )
3 | Beer advent calendar
I like this idea for an advent calendar .
( Even if it ’s confusingly out - of - sequence … can they do that ? )
What would you rather get each day during your countdown to the 25th — a look at some picture of a miscellaneous Christmas scene … or a bottle of beer ?
Even beer that ’s been room temperature for a few weeks gets the win .
4 | The beer bottle trees
And after you drink your advent calendar beers , recycle them into a tree .
It saves the environment on the front and back end — you ’re not cutting down a tree AND you ’re recycling .
( There are several photos of beer Christmas trees on the Internet , I chose these two because they ’re well assembled … and I could n’t only show the Canadian Molson tree . )
5 | Ditto
This light display has made the online rounds this year , and it perfectly sums up the ultimate broke - ass Christmas .
6 | The hanger tree
I guess , on some level , this is crafty … the kind of thing you ’d see in the one non -gossip magazine that the grocery store puts next to the checkout .
On the other hand … making your Christmas tree out of 99 - cent store hangers is just way too depressingly Charlie Brown .
7 | The Natty Light nativity scene
Great little details — the three wise bottles , the napkin over Mary , the Natty Light box crib .
I also love that they could n’t even upgrade to Bud / Bud Light / Bud Ice here … they had to make the statement with Natural Light .
8 | The ladder tree
I mean … yeah , it ’s kinda ghetto , but at least this makes it exponentially easier to get the star on top .
9 | The tire wreath
I ’d give them even more credit if they hung it on the door .
( Would probably take a railroad stake and do tremendous structural damage to said door … but I ’d definitely be impressed . )
10 | The keg pyramid
The thing is — if you just returned those kegs and got your deposits back , you could afford to buy a tree .
11 | The tampon lights
I tried to write about 15 different jokes about these , but nothing was flowing right .
—
You may also like …
11 Accidentally Funny Christmas Ads , Signs and Items
11 Photos That Prove Christmas and Sex Do n’t Mix
11 Legendary Christmas Songs Written by Jews
11 Studies That Prove Christmas and Science Mix Wonderfully
11 Christmas Songs With Surprisingly Dark Lyrics
Reese and Jake Split After Three Years
Academy Award winner Reese Witherspoon has split up with Jake Gyllenhaal , her boyfriend for almost three years .
They made the split over the phone and there were no third parties involved , Us Magazine reports .
A source from the actor ’s camp said that it was the actress who initiated the breakup but the decision was mutual and amicable .
He was heartbroken , the source said .
The Brokeback Mountain star had moved in to the Legally Blonde star ’s home last year .
Witherspoon believes that she was spending more time with Gyllenhaal rather than with her two kids Ava , 10 and Deacon , 6 from her previous marriage to actor Ryan Philippe ( Cruel Intentions ) .
She also said that Gyllenhaal is not the man whom she thinks would be the best stepfather for the kids – not that he did n’t try .
However , it was also said that Witherspoon is not yet ready to settle down again after her divorce with her former husband .
Gyllenhaal is said to already want all of her and she cannot commit .
Six sheep belonging to a farmer who lives near Ardboe in County Tyrone have been targeted in a paint attack .
The man , who is a Protestant and wants to remain anonymous , said his animals had been daubed with tricolours .
The farmer said he would usually have sold the sheep by this stage but he cannot bring the animals to market covered in the indelible dye .
He said he will now have to wait until next May when their fleeces can be shorn .
Conor Macauley reports .
A lowrider bicycle is a highly customized bike with stylings inspired by lowrider cars .
These bikes often feature a long , curved banana seat with a sissy bar and very tall upward - swept handlebarsknown as apehangers .
Excessive chrome , overspoked wheels and velvet are common accessories to these custom bicycles .
Lowrider bikes first appeared in the 1960s in America .
It was started by ‘ Custom King ’ Sean Johnson who customized automobiles .
Kids would copy his work on their bikes usually using common muscle bicycles , allowing those who were too young to drive a car to have a custom vehicle .
Some basic or classic characteristics of a lowrider bike are : Baby Daytons ( like the car rims , they are overspoked and do not cross over each other ) with white - wall tyres .
Banana Seats , usually custom upholstery and a customized sissy bar .
Ape or Schwinn type handlebars .
Old school spring action suspension for the front forks known as “ springer forks ” .
Fenders both front and back .
Sometimes a chain steering wheel is attached .
Most accessories are highly polished chrome , however gold is also used for added flare though for economical reasons chrome is the standard .
We Recommend :
Picture credits : SPL , AP , Robert Mulvaney / BAS , Jupiter Images
There is a text only version of this story , which also contains information on the sources used .
More coverage on the Copenhagen summit is here .
A Washington state senator wants to apply state laws about gambling to Wall Street .
Us Senator Maria Cantwell says gaming laws could be used to oversee what she termed " casino capitalism . "
US Senator Cantwell wants to give state attorney generals the power to handle financial markets , a measure that seems clearly to fly in the face of the spirit and letter of the Commerce Clause .
Using the popular conceit of the economic crisis as result of gambling behavior by investors , Cantwell wants to regulate derivatives markets that encourage speculative behavior .
Derivatives are seen as essentially betting on the market performance of primary investments .
States have previously regulated gambling on stock market movement , going back to bans against betting on market trends at the turn of the 19th century .
says Maryland law professor Michael Greenberger .
Maria
Cantwell wants laws allowing state legal authorities to examine and regulate derivatives markets left unsupervised by Congress .
Her backers say the securities industry has contacted her to negotiate changes in law in an effort to persuade her not to use the gambling statutes as a method of attack on investments .
Venture - backed start - ups operating in the 3 most popular forms of online gambling including poker , horse racing and sports betting – stand to see major impacts from proposals winding their way through Congress that could legalize certain types of online betting .
While the start - ups are keeping a close eye on the bills ’ progress – and in some cases positioning themselves for possible major changes that most believe that any new laws wo n’t be enacted for at least another year , and possibly longer .
Gerard Cunningham , the president of Betfair US , the world ’s largest legal online gambling company , is n’t confident that the bills will get their proper hearing in Congress soon .
Gerard Cunningham said .
Gerard Cunningham also said that the company saw revenue in the last 12 months of $ 50 million in the U.S. and more than $ 500 million outside the U.S.
The company is experienced in understanding and navigating legal issues around gambling in many locales .
It ’s in a great position to turn on its online casino games in the U.S. if they are legalized .
After several unauthorized Iranian films gained international attention this year , the government has announced that it will punish filmmakers who do not obtain approval for their work , Agence France - Presse reported .
“ No One Knows About Persian Cats , ” a film about the underground music scene in Iran from the director Bahman Ghobadi , right , which won a jury award in Cannes , is just one of several films that has provoked a crackdown on directors and actors in the country .
“ I announce that we will take action against artists who collaborate in producing unlicensed films , ” Alireza Sajadpour , head of the culture ministry ’s vetting office , said in the English - language Tehran Times on Sunday .
Productions in Iran are subject to review before being released there , and directors are expected to submit screenplays for approval before beginning shooting , though some ignore the process .
When a Toronto teen lifted his stick and took a baseball - like swing at an opponent 's leg during a minor hockey tournament in January , it was only the warm - up act .
Enraged by the resulting penalty for slashing , the 16 - year - old turned his temper at the referee in the kind of anti-authoritarian outburst that has many officials concerned for the game and , in some cases , their own safety .
The player spun around , skated at the official and " cross - checked him in the chest , " says a Greater Toronto Hockey League report on the incident .
" ( It was an ) attempt to injure . "
The Star gained exclusive access to 122 such reports into the GTHL 's most serious on - ice incidents last year .
They revealed a disturbing pattern of growing racism , hits to the head and referee abuse .
Like many aggressors penalized for abusing officials , the player who cross-checked the referee had a long record of misdeeds .
Since 2002 , the player had accumulated 18 major penalties , including six for checking from behind , two for checks to the head and two for disputing the call of an official .
He was given a seven - game suspension for the cross-check .
" What I see today is a lack of respect for the game , for players and no respect for the referees , " says Stan Butler , a coach currently with the Ontario Hockey League 's Brampton Battalion .
He spent decades in the GTHL , junior hockey and with Team Canada Juniors .
" In the GTHL , I see kids getting into tussles with linesmen .
I see kids disputing with the referees and slamming their sticks .
...
It 's disgusting . "
There were more than 1,100 major penalties assessed in the GTHL last season for varying degrees of outbursts against officials .
That 's an instance every 10 games .
There was an increased incidence last season of several serious penalties dealing with official abuse .
There were 226 calls for " harassment of an official / unsportsmanlike conduct " – up from 65 .
The league conducted six investigations last season into " threatening an official " incidents , up from two the year before .
Add to that a dozen calls of " physical abuse of an official , " 200 " verbal abuse " of officials , and more than 650 cases of disputing officials ' calls .
At least some of those problems have nothing to do with hockey , says GTHL president John Gardner .
The ice is merely the forum where deeper social problems play out , including troubles at home and frustration at school .
" Hockey provided the stage where the spark ignited , " Garner says .
Others believe hero worship of rough - and - tumble NHL players inspires disrespect for officials .
" Patterns do form from the way the pro game is played , " says Brian Coles , chief referee for the GTHL .
" All these kids want to be at the pro level .
It is monkey see , monkey do . "
In a survey done the league of 62 of the league 's top under - 17 players last year , all but 12 said they fashion their play after the pros .
Youthful defiance could also be an expression of on - ice anxiety .
Asked if there 's too much pressure placed on young hockey players , about half the respondents answered yes .
Among the listed causes were " parents with unrealistic expectations " ; " coach telling you need to perform for the scouts , " agents and getting drafted into the Ontario Hockey League .
Nearly half of respondents said they had endured intimidation tactics including " verbal attacks , " " physical intimidation , " " trash talking " and " chirping . "
" They all want to go to the NHL , " said Pat Flatley , who coaches the GTHL 's minor peewee AAA Toronto Young Nationals after a 14 - year career in the NHL .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The pressure to get there , often intensified by coaches and parents , can set the stage for on - ice explosions , he says .
" The kids feel that pain but then it's the coaches ( in the dressing room ) and the parents in the car . "
When things go wrong , says Flatley , there is a deeply held tradition in hockey : Blame someone else .
" It 's not the refs .
Some nights , you just need to look in the mirror . "
Still , the refs are often scapegoats .
During a November 2008 game of 15 - year - olds , officials broke up a fight between two players .
One player " began to swing his fists at me and in the process hit me once in the chin , once in the helmet as he tried to break free to start another fight , " says a league investigation report .
" There was a clear attempt by ( the player ) ... to hit me out of the way as to instigate another encounter with the opposing player . "
The fist thrower had seven major penalties between 2005 and 2008 , including two game ejections and five for checking from behind .
" We get what we tolerate , " says Paul Dennis , who worked for the Toronto Maple Leafs in player development for two decades and is now a sports psychologist teaching at the University of Toronto and York University .
" The penalties are clearly not severe enough and , therefore , we 've built up this crescendo of players losing it ( their self - control ) because they 're allowed to . "
Like Gardner , he says there are social factors beyond the rink that prompt such misconduct .
" We 're in a downward spiral with some of these children .
It started somewhere before it got to this abhorrent behaviour on the ice .
It started with parents , teachers , coaches .
But as long as we continue not to stop it , it 's going to fester . "
Officials are n't the sole targets of on - ice rage .
League records show numerous attempts by players to injure opponents .
rcribb@thestar.ca
This can easily be explained by the principles of wind current , lift and black magic .
The Nexus One , also known as the Google Phone , has been causing a stir this month after details began to emerge about the project .
Earlier today , we learned that the phone will likely be revealed on January 5 at a Google press conference ( which we will be covering ) .
Information on the phone 's already starting to leak through the Google gates , though .
Screenshots obtained by gadget blog Gizmodo reveal one of the most important details about the device : its price .
The screenshots seem to be the future landing pages for the Google phone .
It will apparently go live soon at google .com / phone and be the sole portal for purchasing your very own Nexus One .
And while we cannot verify the accuracy of these screenshots , the information presented makes sense .
Here are some of the key details you should know :
- Price : $ 530 unsubsidized and unlocked ( ouch ! ) , $ 180 subsidized on the T - Mobile network with a 2 year contract .
- Rate Plan : $ 79.99 per month on T - Mobile , which includes unlimited texting / MMS and web data , along with 500 minutes .
This seems to be the only plan available , even if you 're already on another plan with T - Mobile - Purchasing :
You can buy up to five Nexus One phones per Google account .
- Cancellation :
If you cancel within 120 days , you have to pay the subsidy difference ( $ 350 ) or return the phone to Google .
The subsidized price makes it competitive with the iPhone and the Verizon Droid , but we wo n't know how well the phone sells or if people will pay the $ 530 price tag for an unlocked phone until it launches .
Let us know what you think of the price in the comments .
[ via Gizmodo ]
Minuit et demi , le 18 avril 2002 : lors du contrôle d'une Audi 80 près de Manresa , la police espagnole découvre un bien étrange chargement dans le coffre .
Dans un tube de PVC , ils découvrent un fusil à lunette de visée , un GPS , une arme de poing avec silencieux , un téléphone portable , un appareil photo ...
Le kit du parfait assassin .
Le conducteur , qui détient un passeport français au nom de Richard Perez , est immédiatement arrêté .
Richard Perez n'existe pas .
En garde à vue , l'homme avoue s'appeler en réalité Rachid Chaouati , et explique que les armes ne lui appartiennent pas .
Se présentant comme l'employé d'une société de sécurité privée à Marseille , il raconte aux enquêteurs qu'il a simplement été chargé de déposé le paquet dans la forêt d'El Perello , à un endroit marqué de trois grosses pierres .
Une cache qu'il n'a jamais pu trouver : il a alors décidé de retourner à son hôtel .
En fin de soirée , la personne devant prendre livraison du colis l'a appelé , très en colère : il a alors décidé de retourner sur place .
C'est sur cette route que les policiers l'ont arrêté .
La police espagnole met alors en place une souricière , qui aboutit à l'arrestation de Christian Piazzole .
A Paris , cette arrestation pose problème : Piazzole appartient en effet au service " action " de la DGSE , les services de renseignement français alors dirigés par le général Rondot .
D'après les renseignements recueillis par El Pais , l'homme préparait alors une exécution ciblée dans un bar de Barcelone .
Quelle était la cible ?
Deux pistes se dégagent , pour le quotidien : le terrorisme islamique , dans le contexte des attentats de 2001 à Madrid , ou le milieu corse .
PLAN DE COMMUNICATION
Pour se sortir de ce guêpier , le général Rondot prévoit une stratégie en deux temps .
D'abord , pour dédouaner ses agents , il affirme qu'il ne s'agissait pas d'une mission , mais d'un simple exercice , ce qu'ignoraient les deux hommes .
Une version à laquelle ne croit pas du tout la justice espagnole .
Le général en prend note dans ses carnet début 2004 , peu avant le procès des deux Français .
Entre temps , les deux hommes ont été libérés .
Fin 2002 , le général Rondot a personnellement rencontré le procureur général de Catalogne , et négocie la remise en liberté des deux agents .
Le général avait alors assuré aux autorités espagnoles que les deux hommes se présenteraient à leur procès s'ils devaient être jugés .
Le 28 janvier 2004 , à l'ouverture du procès , Christian Piazzole et Rachid Chaouati sont absents .
Condamnés par contumace à sept ans de prison , les deux hommes n'ont jamais été arrêtés .
Le Monde
GV Mobile is now available for jailbroken iPhone devices for free , but there 's something better coming up …
GV Mobile 2.0 .
Here 's a first look at the app .
Advertisement
It 's pretty simple : Apple 's iPhone OS is basically the only major smartphone operating system without an official or unofficial Google Voice client .
We used to have GV Mobile and VoiceCentral , but as we all know , those were abruptly removed from the App Store and even Google 's official client was turned away .
Well , at least Apple did n't Amazon your iPhone and take away the Google Voice applications you already bought / downloaded , right ?
They might as well have as GV Mobile was rendered useless after a Google Voice - side update , and with no way of updating existing user 's applications , anyone who had been a GV Mobile user up until that point in time was out of luck .
GV Mobile is now available for jailbroken iPhone devices for free , but there 's something better coming up : GV Mobile 2.0 .
We 're really excited to tell you about it , too .
It has been polished and refined — it had an injection of features — and we love using it , even in its non-final and beta form .
For starters , dialed calls connect almost instantly , your iPhone contacts and favorites are accessible right within the app , there 's voicemail transcription viewing , and even multiple Google Voice account support .
Advanced features like call forwarding phones , do not disturb settings as well automatic syncing , and even Growl support are on the to - do list , but for now , we 're just happy to have GV Mobile back on our non-jailbroken iPhone .
Hopefully Apple reverses course and lets this version through their pearly gates when it is finished , though we would n't bet the farm on it .
Advertisement
Super shout out to Sean Kovacs for hooking us up !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
BGR features the latest tech news , mobile - related content and of course , exclusive scoops .
Frank Schaeffer Byon 11/29/2009 , 12:07 pm PT
Guest blogged by Frank Schaeffer
Op - Ed Columnist Thomas Friedman 's editorial in today 's New York Times , " America vs. The Narrative " , sparked this thought :
If the Islamic world has a fantasy " narrative " about America and our intentions , do n't we ourselves --- those within the American religious right --- have a similarly misinformed " narrative " ?
Here 's my thought experiment : Read Friedman 's original , posted below for your convenience , then read my Americanized version which follows .
All I 've done is change a few names and issues and you 'll get the point .
We have our own religious / political myths and they are no less dangerous ...
Here 's the Friedman original :
What should we make of Maj .
Nidal Malik Hasan , who apparently killed 13 innocent people at Fort Hood ?
Here ’s my take : Major Hasan may have been mentally unbalanced — I assume anyone who shoots up innocent people is .
But the more you read about his support for Muslim suicide bombers , about how he showed up at a public - health seminar with a PowerPoint presentation titled “ Why the War on Terror Is a War on Islam , ” and about his contacts with Anwar al - Awlaki , a Yemeni cleric famous for using the Web to support jihadist violence against America — the more it seems that Major Hasan was just another angry jihadist spurred to action by “ The Narrative . ”
What is scary is that even though he was born , raised and educated in America , The Narrative still got to him .
The Narrative is the cocktail of half - truths , propaganda and outright lies about America that have taken hold in the Arab - Muslim world since 9/11 .
Propagated by jihadist Web sites , mosque preachers , Arab intellectuals , satellite news stations and books — and tacitly endorsed by some Arab regimes — this narrative posits that America has declared war on Islam , as part of a grand “ American - Crusader - Zionist conspiracy ” to keep Muslims down .
Yes , after two decades in which U.S. foreign policy has been largely dedicated to rescuing Muslims or trying to help free them from tyranny — in Bosnia , Darfur , Kuwait , Somalia , Lebanon , Kurdistan , post - earthquake Pakistan , post - tsunami Indonesia , Iraq and Afghanistan — a narrative that says America is dedicated to keeping Muslims down is thriving .
Although most of the Muslims being killed today are being killed by jihadist suicide bombers in Pakistan , Iraq , Afghanistan and Indonesia , you ’d never know it from listening to their world .
The dominant narrative there is that 9/11 was a kind of fraud : America ’s unprovoked onslaught on Islam is the real story , and the Muslims are the real victims — of U.S. perfidy .
Have no doubt : we punched a fist into the Arab / Muslim world after 9/11 , partly to send a message of deterrence , but primarily to destroy two tyrannical regimes — the Taliban and the Baathists — and to work with Afghans and Iraqis to build a different kind of politics .
In the process , we did some stupid and bad things .
But for every Abu Ghraib , our soldiers and diplomats perpetrated a million acts of kindness aimed at giving Arabs and Muslims a better chance to succeed with modernity and to elect their own leaders .
The Narrative was concocted by jihadists to obscure that .
It ’s working .
As a Jordanian - born counterterrorism expert , who asked to remain anonymous , said to me : “ This narrative is now omnipresent in Arab and Muslim communities in the region and in migrant communities around the world .
These communities are bombarded with this narrative in huge doses and on a daily basis .
[ It says ] the West , and right now mostly the U.S. and Israel , is single - handedly and completely responsible for all the grievances of the Arab and the Muslim worlds .
Ironically , the vast majority of the media outlets targeting these communities are Arab - government owned — mostly from the Gulf . ”
This narrative suits Arab governments .
It allows them to deflect onto America all of their people ’s grievances over why their countries are falling behind .
And it suits Al Qaeda , which does n’t need much organization anymore — just push out The Narrative over the Web and satellite TV , let it heat up humiliated , frustrated or socially alienated Muslim males , and one or two will open fire on their own .
See : Major Hasan .
“ Liberal Arabs like me are as angry as a terrorist and as determined to change the status quo , ” said my Jordanian friend .
The only difference “ is that while we choose education , knowledge and success to bring about change , a terrorist , having bought into the narrative , has a sense of powerlessness and helplessness , which are inculcated in us from childhood , that lead him to believe that there is only one way , and that is violence . ”
What should we make of Maj.
Nidal Malik Hasan , who apparently killed 13 innocent people at Fort Hood ?
What to do ?
Many Arab Muslims know that what ails their societies is more than the West , and that The Narrative is just an escape from looking honestly at themselves .
But none of their leaders dare or care to open that discussion .
In his Cairo speech last June , President Obama effectively built a connection with the Muslim mainstream .
Maybe he could spark the debate by asking that same audience this question : “ Whenever something like Fort Hood happens you say , ‘ This is not Islam . ’
I believe that .
But you keep telling us what Islam is n’t .
You need to tell us what it is and show us how its positive interpretations are being promoted in your schools and mosques .
If this is not Islam , then why is it that a million Muslims will pour into the streets to protest Danish cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad , but not one will take to the streets to protest Muslim suicide bombers who blow up other Muslims , real people , created in the image of God ?
You need to explain that to us — and to yourselves . ”
Here is my imaginary fictionalized version of Friedman 's piece , changed to fit another myth from our very own far right religious fanatic fringe :
What should we make of Richard Poplawski , 23 , who met 3 Pittsburgh officers at his doorway and shot two of them in the head ?
An officer who tried to help the two also was killed .
The gunman was wearing a bulletproof vest and " lying in wait " opened fire on officers responding to a fake domestic disturbance call , killing three of them and turning a quiet Pittsburgh street into a battlefield , police said .
Friends said the gunman recently had been upset about the " fact " that he believed that the Obama administration was poised to ban guns .
Here ’s my take : Richard Poplawski may have been mentally unbalanced — I assume anyone who shoots up innocent people is .
But the more you read about his support for the Tea Bag movement , about how he showed up at a public - health seminar with a PowerPoint presentation titled “ Why Health Care reform is a War on American values , ” and about his contacts with Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin , — the more it seems that Richard Poplawski was just another angry Religious right jihadist spurred to action by “ The Narrative . ”
What is scary is that even though he was born , raised and educated in America , The Narrative still got to him .
The Narrative is the cocktail of half - truths , propaganda and outright lies about America that have taken hold in the evangelical - far right world since 9/11 .
Propagated by evangelical and far right Web sites , preachers , neoconservative intellectuals , satellite news stations and books — and tacitly endorsed by some senators , governors and congressmen — this narrative posits that America has declared war on Christian values , as part of a grand “ American - Progressive - Democratic conspiracy ” to keep Christians down .
Yes , after two decades in which U.S. domestic policy has been largely dedicated to rescuing Christians or trying to help free them from want — a narrative that says America is dedicated to keeping Christians down is thriving .
Although most of the Christians with no health care being killed today by lack of insurance are being killed by other Christians working for the insurance lobby , you ’d never know it from listening to their world .
The dominant narrative there is that 9/11 was a kind of fraud : America ’s unprovoked onslaught on Evangelicals is the real story , and the Christians are the real victims — of U.S. perfidy .
Have no doubt : we punched a fist into the Evangelical world after Roe v.
Wade , partly to send a message of tolerance , but primarily to destroy two tyrannical regimes — patriarchy and the abuse of women — and to work with ordinary Americans to build a different kind of politics .
In the process , we did some stupid and bad things .
But for every late term abortion , our federal government perpetrated a million acts of kindness aimed at giving Americans and evangelicals a better chance to succeed with modernity .
The Narrative was concocted by right wing fundamentalists in cahoots with ideology - driven neoconservatives to obscure that .
It ’s working .
As a Congressman , who asked to remain anonymous , said to me : “ This narrative is now omnipresent in American and Evangelical communities in the region and in migrant communities around the world .
These communities are bombarded with this narrative in huge doses and on a daily basis .
[ It says ] the Democrats , and right now mostly the U.S. government , is single - handedly and completely responsible for all the grievances of the Christians .
Ironically , the vast majority of the media outlets targeting these communities are far right Rupert Murdoch owned . ”
This narrative suits evangelical leaders and Republicans in Congress .
It allows them to deflect onto the Democrats all of their people ’s grievances over why their communities are falling behind .
And it suits Sarah Palin , who does n’t need much organization anymore — just push out The Narrative over the Web and satellite TV , let it heat up humiliated , frustrated or socially alienated fundamentalist / right wing uneducated white males , and one or two will open fire on their own .
See : Richard Poplawski , Scott Roeder , James von Brunn .
Many American evangelicals know that what ails their societies is more than the Democrats , and that The Narrative is just an escape from looking honestly at themselves .
* * *
Frank Schaeffer is the author of Crazy for God : How I Grew Up as One of the Elect , Helped Found the Religious Right , and Lived to Take All ( or Almost All ) of It Back and Patience with God : Faith for People Who Don't Like Religion ( or Atheism ) .
His previous articles at The BRAD BLOG can be read here ...
Last week I wrote a number of posts about web development “ languages ” developed as internal DSLs .
An internal DSL is a set of libraries written on top of a host language that , through the use of meta programming facilities , looks a lot like a domain - specific language .
I looked at Ruby on Rails as a prime example of an internal DSL built on a dynamic language , at JBoss Seam as a framework built on Java , and then at Lift and my own little page language as examples of internal DSLs in Scala .
This order was on purpose .
I started with the most dynamic , catch - any - error - at - runtime language and ended with the most strongly typed we - try - to - find - any - mistake - at - compile - time solution .
I ’ve been accused of bashing these languages just for the heck of it , but there was a point to this , and it ’s more than promoting WebDSL .
But let ’s talk a little about WebDSL anyway .
WebDSL is an external DSL for developing data - rich web applications .
“ External DSL ” means that it is not built on top of an existing language like Ruby or Java , but that it has its own syntax and compiler .
Developing such an external DSL is typically more work than developing an internal DSL , which is a disadvantage , but external DSLs have their advantages too .
Whenever we present WebDSL to people that have done some web development before , we get asked “ Why is this better than Rails ?
Why not an internal DSL ? ”
Although we always have problems answering this question , because none of us are very experience Rails developers , our answer comes down to a few general things that potentially apply to any external DSL :
We have a nicer syntax , as an external DSL we ’re not limited to encoding things in a Ruby or Scala way Being platform independent , we can generate Java , PHP , Python and C# code if we want to An external DSL compiler can statically analyze your application to find common programmer mistakes
There ’s also the runtime performance issue , but I do n’t want to get into that .
DSLs built on modern languages like Ruby and Scala look pretty natural .
But from time to time you gotta wonder , why do I have to put a colon in front of this word , why do I have to use quotes here ?
Because you are building on top of a host language , you have to obey that language ’s syntax and evaluation rules , whether you like it or not .
External DSLs do not have this restriction , they define their own syntax and interpretation of that syntax .
The second advantage is clear , our language does not rely on any platform in particular and we could therefore generate code for any web platform .
With Ruby on Rails you ’re limited to , well , Ruby .
Admittedly , there are Ruby implementations for the JVM and .NET now , but what about my little brother who can only afford cheap PHP hosting , should he just use …
PHP ?
We felt that the current state of the art in web frameworks is not very resilient to programmer mistakes .
Typos lead to enormous stack traces and are often difficult to track down , right ?
That ’s the thing I tried to verify last week .
It turned out we were pretty right .
Although not everybody agrees .
Static verification of external DSLs
WebDSL is a statically typed language .
It consists of a number of sub-languages .
Currently we have a language for defining user interfaces , data models , business logic , access control , data validation and workflows .
To get a flavor of it , here ’s an example entity definition .
It defines a task entity :
entity Task {
name :: String
description :: Text
done :: Bool
archived :: Bool
user -> User ( inverse=User.tasks )
}
and a page definition :
define page tasks ( user : User ) {
section {
header {“ Tasks for “ output ( user.username ) }
table {
for( task : Task in user.todo ) {
row {
output ( task.done )
output ( task )
}
}
}
}
}
and an access control rule that matches any page whose name starts with edit .
rule page edit *(* ) {
loggedIn
}
The nice thing is that we can detect all kinds of mistakes in WebDSL code at compile time .
For instance , what if the inverse property of user in the Task entity does not exist ?
$ webdsl build
Loading application settings ( application.ini ) …
[ webdslc | info ] stage 1 : parsing webtasks .
app
[ webdslc | info ] stage 2 : importing modules
[ webdslc | info ] stage 3 : typechecking
* webtasks .
app:21/25 : error :
The field User.tasks does not exist
inverse = User.tasks
It points to exactly the right file , line number and column number .
Or let ’s say we misspell a property name in a page definition :
for( task : Task in user.todo ) {
row {
output ( task.don )
output ( task )
}
}
Result :
* webtasks .app:119/15 : error :
No property don defined for Task
task.don
Or , mistype a template name :
for( task : Task in user.todo ) {
row {
outputt ( task.done )
output ( task )
}
}
The error we get at compile time is as follows :
* webtasks .
app:39/14 : error : Template with this signature not defined
outputt ( task.done )
Note the use of domain - speak .
This template is not defined , not value or method , but template .
What if we define an access control rule for a page , or set of pages that does not exist :
Access control warning : unused rules :
rule page edit *(*)
We are currently working to also add more thorough checks for page element compositions .
For instance , are rows defined within tables , listitems within lists and so on .
We ’re also working on IDE integration , so that your WebDSL programs are checked as you type .
No matter if you like the WebDSL language and its syntax or not , love or hate the formatting and wording of its error messages , abstract from all of that and the opportunity is clear :
An external DSL compiler can detect mistakes early and its error messages can be very clear and domain - specific .
Because we ’re building our own syntax , compilers and typecheckers it is quite easy to add checks like these .
Detecting mistakes in this manner is either not feasible , or at the very least more difficult in internal DSLs .
In dynamically typed languages it ’s extremely hard because of the language ’s dynamic nature , in statically typed languages like Scala it may require building a compiler extension , which is also a non-trivial exercise .
Although you may say you would never make mistakes that are caught by checks like these , they have turned out to be extremely useful to us , as WebDSL users ourselves .
But then again , that may be because we ’re just all a bunch of NNPPs .
I frequently agree with ideas expressed on New Geography but certainly not Ian Abley 's article
There is no " Free Market " Housing Solution
The common line used by advocates of housing affordability has been that the solution lies in “ free markets ” .
Yet this " free market " solution does not address the fundamental problem which is really a political one .
The root of this problem lies with an elite agenda that is highly ideological .
The ideology at work is environmentalism , making a moral virtue of the retreat of political and commercial elites from the industrial production of housing .
Home Price Index
On 24 November 2009 the Housing Minister John Healey confirmed that Britain will be the first country in the world to require zero carbon homes as a matter of law from 2016 .
Britain is the world leader in green ideology .
All of the newly built British housing will have much better insulated walls , windows , roofs and floors .
The clear aim of the government is to keep reducing the energy consumption of all new homes to be measured in kilowatt - hours per square metre of floor area per year .
The commitment to " zero carbon " allows government to appear virtuous in its legislation for the new build sector .
This suits the financial markets as well , since it guarantees house price inflation by making it difficult to meet the demographic demand for homes .
Environmentalism offers more and more reasons not to build .
Green thinking ensures that house price inflation can be sustained through a bubble , and projected beyond the bursting of that period of financialisation into the next .
The idea of a " free market " is a long running ideological myth .
But the universal freedom to build would mean people are free to attempt to raise the finance to buy land and build .
The market is not capable of being a “ free market ” .
Capitalism is a system of control by political and commercial elites , and their professional employees .
British capitalists tend to be less interested in industry , which is held to have caused Climate Change , and more interested in finance these days .
Missing The Free Market Boat
Affordable Housing Irony
Common Sense vs. Green Thinking
Once attitudes change , if " zero carbon " or other government nonsense makes homes cost more than people are willing to pay , all economic homebuilding activity will simply cease !
Green thinking ensures that house price inflation can be sustained through a bubble , and projected beyond the bursting of that period of financialisation into the next
COLLEGE PARK , Md. - Cigarettes are " widely contaminated " with bacteria , including some known to cause disease in people , concludes a new international study conducted by a University of Maryland environmental health researcher and microbial ecologists at the Ecole Centrale de Lyon in France .
The research team describes the study as the first to show that " cigarettes themselves could be the direct source of exposure to a wide array of potentially pathogenic microbes among smokers and other people exposed to secondhand smoke . "
Still , the researchers caution that the public health implications are unclear and urge further research .
" We were quite surprised to identify such a wide variety of human bacterial pathogens in these products , " says lead researcher Amy R. Sapkota , an assistant professor in the University of Maryland 's School of Public Health .
http://www. sph. umd. edu/ miaeh / people / index .
cfm
" The commercially - available cigarettes that we tested were chock full of bacteria , as we had hypothesized , but we did n't think we 'd find so many that are infectious in humans , explains Sapkota , who holds a joint appointment with the University 's Maryland Institute for Applied Environmental Health and the Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics .
" If these organisms can survive the smoking process -- and we believe they can -- then they could possibly go on to contribute to both infectious and chronic illnesses in both smokers and individuals who are exposed to environmental tobacco smoke , " Sapkota adds .
" So it 's critical that we learn more about the bacterial content of cigarettes , which are used by more than a billion people worldwide . "
The study will appear in an upcoming edition of the journal Environmental Health Perspectives and the pre-copyedited manuscript has been posted online : http://www.
ehponline .
org / members / 2009 / 0901201/ 0901201. pdf
PUBLIC HEALTH SIGNIFICANCE
The researchers describe the study as the first snapshot of the total population of bacteria in cigarettes .
Previous researchers have taken small samples of cigarette tobacco and placed them in cultures to see whether bacteria would grow .
But Sapkota 's team took a more holistic approach using DNA microarray analysis to estimate the so - called bacterial metagenome , the totality of bacterial genetic material present in the tested cigarettes .
Among the study 's findings and conclusions :
Commercially - available cigarettes show a broad array of bacterial diversity ranging from soil microorganisms to potential human pathogens ;
The is the first study to provide evidence that the numbers of microorganisms in a cigarette may be as " vast as the number of chemical constituents ; "
Hundreds of bacterial species were present in each cigarette , and additional testing is likely to increase that number significantly ;
No significant variability in bacterial diversity was observed across the four different cigarette brands examined : Camel ; Kool Filter Kings ; Lucky Strike Original Red ; and Marlboro Red ;
Bacteria of medical significance to humans were identified in all of the tested cigarettes and included Acinetobacter ( associated with lung and blood infections ) ;
Bacillus ( some varieties associated with food borne illnesses and anthrax ) ; Burkholderia ( some forms responsible for respiratory infections ) ; Clostridium ( associated with foodborne illnesses and lung infections ) ; Klebsiella ( associated with a variety of lung , blood and other infections ) ; and Pseudomonas aeruginosa ( an organism that causes 10 percent of all hospital - acquired infections in the United States ) .
" Now that we 've shown that a pack of cigarettes is loaded with bacteria , we will conduct follow - up research to determine the possible roles of these organisms in tobacco - related diseases . "
Sapkota says .
For example , do cigarette - borne bacteria survive the burning process and go on to colonize smokers ' respiratory systems ?
Existing research suggests that some hardy bacteria can be transmitted this way , the researchers say .
This might account for the fact that the respiratory tracts of smokers are characterized by higher levels of bacterial pathogens .
But it 's also possible that smoking weakens natural immunity and the bacteria come from the general environment rather than from cigarettes .
Further research will be needed to determine the possible health impacts of cigarette - borne bacteria .
###
RESEARCH TEAM
Sapkota is the lead and corresponding author .
She conducted the research with Sibel Berger under the guidance of Timothy M. Vogel in 2007 at the Environmental Microbial Genomics Group , Laboratoire Ampère , UMR CNRS 5005 , Ecole Centrale de Lyon in Lyon , France .
MEDIA CONTACTS
Amy R. Sapkota
Corresponding author
University of Maryland School of Public Health
301-405-1772
ars@umd.edu
Neil Tickner
Senior Media Relations Associate
University of Maryland
301-405-4622
ntickner@umd.edu
In July Zoran Stefanovic did two things which suggested to Formula 1 insiders that he was not very serious about entering a team in F1 .
He lodged a complaint with the European Union claiming the FIA forced the potential new teams for 2010 to use engines supplied by Cosworth ; and he said that he had taken on Mike Coughlan as his main technical man .
If he had not done this Stefanovic would have been taken more seriously , as neither course of action seemed even vaguely sensible , and smacked of someone who was heading into F1 without anyone guiding him as to what to do and what not to do .
Since then , to give him his due , he seems to have understood that rocking the boat gets you nowhere in F1 circles and has adopted a rather different approach .
It is not clear what has happened with the EU complaint but these things cannot be withdrawn .
After Toyota pulled out of F1 , Stefanovic popped up again , talking to Toyota about taking over elements of the F1 team .
He clearly has some money to spend , presumably from his AMCO , manufacturing business which does automotive , aerospace and other such work from its base in Belgrade , Serbia .
Yesterday Stefan GP announced that it had successfully passed some of the necessary crash tests to compete in F1 , with a car it called the Stefan S - 01 .
The team announced also that it would complete further tests at the end of January .
It is clear that the car in question is the car that was to have been raced as the Toyota TF110 , although very little else has been announced , not least what engine would be used .
Stefanovic visited Toyota in Cologne on December 22 and met with several Toyota people .
Stefanovic is very unlikely to be granted any F1 entry – even if teams drop out – as he has not been through the necessary procedures and the FIA cannot afford to bend the rules for him as that would create a precedent which would not be a good idea .
On the team website Stefanovic is advertising for staff with some posts being “ located in Germany ” and “ the rest of team ” in Belgrade , Serbia .
If an entry is not forthcoming , Stefanovic says that he will run the team anyway and use the cars to prepare for an entry in the future , while also providing other teams and young drivers with the chance to test a full - spec F1 car which is not covered by the testing ban .
Thus , if Ferrari needs to test a new driver – as happened last summer – Stefan GP will be available for rent .
Similarly wealthy drivers can get mileage in the car , if they pay .
Stefanovic obviously has money to spend , but perhaps not as much as he needs as he could very easily have acquired the Toyota entry after the Japanese decided to quit .
One can argue that Toyota might have wanted to hold on to its Toyota Motorsport GmbH company , but a little administrative juggling could have sold that company to Stefanovic and created another with the old name in just a few days .
That would have got Stefanovic a guaranteed F1 entry for 2010 .
If this sounds far - fetched , remember that in 2005 Ilmor Engineering Ltd was acquired by Mercedes - Benz and renamed Mercedes - Ilmor Ltd .
At that point founder Mario Illien set up a new company called Special Designs Ltd.
Soon after that happened Mercedes - Ilmor changed its name to Mercedes - Benz High Performance Engines Ltd and Special Designs Ltd changed its name to Ilmor Engineering Ltd .
NOVEMBER 3-- Meet Aaron Siebers .
The 27 - year - old Denver man , a Blockbuster employee , was skateboarding yesterday afternoon when he fell and ripped his uniform pants .
Due to work last night -- and concerned about getting " written up " by Blockbuster superiors for not wearing his work - issued khakis -- Siebers came up with a harebrained idea .
Instead of just calling in sick , he stabbed himself in the leg and showed up at work claiming to have just been attacked by three Hispanic males .
Siebers , who told cops he was assaulted as he walked toward the Blockbuster in Edgewater , had a deep stab wound in one leg and several other minor cuts on his face and stomach .
As investigators began hunting for the assailants , they reviewed surveillance video from outside a Target store where Siebers claimed the attack occurred .
The footage , however , showed no such assault .
Confronted by cops , Siebers , pictured in the mug shot at left , admitted that he had stabbed himself .
He told investigators about the skateboarding accident , the resulting ripped pants , and how " he did not want to lose his job so he stabbed himself in the leg , " according to an arrest affidavit sworn by Officer Shawna Naumann .
As a result , Siebers was named in a criminal complaint charging him with filing a false report and obstructing police , both misdemeanors .
( 3 pages )
Sorry , but the page you are looking for has not been found .
Try checking the URL for errors , then hit refresh .
Or you can simply click the icon below and go home : )
If you want to play in a band , make loud music at home , or record your own music , your first step before anything else will be to get an electric guitar .
Electric guitars come in many different varieties and brands , ...
We talked with Gearbox ’s Randy Pitchford about Borderlands and more in an interview set to appear in the January issue of Game Informer Magazine .
Yesterday , we told you about what ’s going on with Gearbox ’s Aliens : Colonial Marines games , which the company is developing for Sega .
Today , we give you the scoop on Borderlands ’ upcoming DLC , straight from the man himself , where he even hints about next - generation hardware .
The guns are obviously the star of the game .
But your playable characters are also cool .
Do you foresee character customization in the future that would allow players to have unique avatars in the world ?
Maybe .
We know people want that .
You know , at the beginning of our development we put some work into unique armor , custom armor , and unique pieces of armor , but as a first - person game , a lot of that value is lost .
We move that value into different things like shields , and we added the concept of grenade modifications , class modifications , and artifacts .
These are ways we can customize the character that also affect the gameplay .
They just do n’t affect the cosmetic .
And even though the cosmetic affect of looking at the picture of your character does n’t have any meaning to the gameplay , it does have meaning to our notions , and I know some people are interested .
I think that ’s a good lesson for us .
There are also tradeoffs in system resources .
Every bit of memory we spend on a different picture for a character , whether that ’s a different piece of armor , a different head , or face choices means memory and performance ca n’t be spent on another aspect of the game .
So some other part of the game would have to be weakened then .
But maybe that tradeoff is worth it given some of the customer feedback about it , and how they feel about the characters and the desire to customize them .
We ’re going to have to look at that for future games .
Right now , the best I can say is , yeah , that would be cool and that ’s interesting .
Um …
If a future Borderlands game comes … Um …within the same generation , well , we ’re working on these platforms and everybody knows what they can do .
If we ’re talking about a successor generation , well then all bets are off and you can just start adding features and not have to deal with the trade - offs because you have more memory and more performance or whatever those new systems offer .
Old Haven is an awesome place for combat , yet you only spend a few missions there .
Your time in this zone is done before you know it .
Any chance DLC will bring us back there , or to other previously played zones ?
Yes .
With DLC , we focus most of our energy on new content .
However , there are some things people love , and would like to see done in different ways .
So that obviously influences us .
Specifically about Old Haven , I do n’t think you ’ve seen the last of that .
Any plans for a locker , so players could store their weapons ?
We know that some people are interested in that , and we ’re working on that .
Any chance of the level cap going up with future DLC ?
We ’re working on it .
I know that ’s something that people really want .
You asked me earlier how difficult it was to balance everything , and as a customer I do n’t care – I do n’t want to hear how difficult things are – I just want what I want .
I spend a lot of time making excuses , but we want that too , and we ’re investing in that and I would not be surprised if we are able to offer that in the future , but at this point I ca n’t make any promises .
Let ’s talk about The Island of Dr. Ned .
Is it like Fallout 3 ’s Operation Anchorage where it ’s sectioned from the rest of the world , or is it more of a worldwide experience where new enemies are interjected into the previous zones ?
When you download The Island of Dr. Ned , you ’ll unlock a fast travel pass , even if you have n’t unlocked the fast travel network .
From any registration station in the game you can immediately transport yourself to the zombie island .
From there , a new adventure unfolds .
It ’s a separate adventure , and a new adventure that has a beginning , middle , and end .
In some cases , I think the story is more cohesive and stronger than the main story in Borderlands .
The commentary that is there is very subtle .
It ’s basically a treasure hunt that has a bad guy at the end that protects the treasure .
It ’s a very simple premise .
Now , we ’re never very heavy fisted with storytelling in Borderlands .
We focus on the action , and the gameplay and the pace .
We ’re not going to be adding any dialogue trees or cutscenes .
Of course , there will be a little something to set it up .
You ’ll have instant access to it , and really fast you ’ll be killing zombies , franken and wolf monsters , and all sorts of cool stuff .
We went nuts with the DLC .
The zombie thing kicks ass .
It ’s a lot of fun , dude .
There ’s this big Frankenstein looking guy with chains on him , and a chest on his back .
So , when you take him down , you can loot the chest .
He carries the chest around with him .
It ’s freaking great .
There ’s were - skags and stuff and it ’s just fun .
The setting is really cool .
It does n’t even look like Borderlands anymore .
I mean , it looks like Borderlands because of the art style , but it feels like this place I ’ve never seen before .
It ’s gloomy , there ’s trees and stuff , and it feels like I ’m in a swamp .
TOKYO , Dec 22 ( Reuters ) - Hokkaido Electric Power Co 9509 .T started generating power to sell from a new nuclear reactor on Tuesday , the first new unit in over three years in Japan , and a move that will limit fuel purchases for the firm .
Commercial operations at the 912 - megawatt No.3 nuclear generator at its Tomari plant on Japan ’s northernmost island started in the late afternoon , after getting the go - ahead from the government , the power firm said in a statement .
Hokkaido Electric has two other nuclear generators at the Tomari plant , each with a total capacity of 579 megawatts , and along with the No.3 unit the plant is expected to meet about 40 percent of the firm ’s electricity generation needs .
The start of business at the atomic reactor was the first in Japan since Hokuriku Electric Power Co 9505 .
T began commercial operations at the 1,206 - megawatt No.2 nuclear generator at its Shika plant in western Japan in March 2006 .
With the start of the new Tomari unit , Japan has 54 nuclear power generators for commercial use , for a total generating capacity of 48,847 megawatts , the world ’s third - biggest nuclear generation capacity after the United States and France .
( Reporting by James Topham ; Editing by Chris Gallagher )
mood : bloggy music : Peat Street - Sarah Wiig
I ’ve been writing Erlang code for a little while now and generally stick to OTP style systems .
I find that I have a subconcious set of rules for deciding what kind of process to build for particular tasks - below are some of the guidelines I ’ve come up with .
This list is incomplete and I ’d greatly appreciate feedback on it .
Signs you should write a gen_fsm :*
Your process responds to the same message in ( radically ? ) different ways depending on the current state .*
You need to manage a collection of timers that depend on what state the process is in .
Signs you should write a gen_server :*
Your process always reponds to the same message in the same way .*
You mainly do a request - reply ( call ) style operations *
You 're going to give the process a registered name .*
Your process is not going to trap exits *
Your process will be long lived *
Your process will be started by a supervisorSigns you should write a gen_event : *
You want to modify SASL log handling .* ???
Signs you should write a plain old process :*
You do n't listen for requests from other processes ( except perhaps replies ) *
You do n't fit neatly into any of the other boxes *
You are a worker process that makes blocking requests to other processes *
The rules for starting or restarting the process are complicated .*
The process does a number of different activities during its lifetime
Sunset At The Beach
Posted by : TT
These photos were taken at my favorite beach !
Wendy is getting pretty good with the camera , huh ???
( thanks baby )
TT
According to the Pew Global Attitudes Project , 33 % of Americans are satisfied “ with the way things are going ” in their country .
That makes the United States rank nineteenth out of forty - four countries ranked in that category .
China ranks first , with 87 % of Chinese saying that they are satisfied with how things are going in China .
Really interesting piece of analysis by The Times Lab on the changing landscape of revenue in the music business ( in the UK ) between artists and the industry .
A few things jumped out at me :
1 . It 's the graph the music industry does n't want you to see .
It shows how artist revenues have actually increased in the era of file sharing while the revenue going to the industry has decreased .
So , if you 're business model is purely one of content distribution it 's perhaps time to exit .
2 . The fastest growing area of revenue is that of live shows .
As the post points out , " at some point next year revenues from gigs payable to artists will for the first time overtake revenues accrued by labels from sales of recorded music " .
Not sure if this is a case of more people going to shows , more shows occurring or more profitable deals for artists , but it does suggest to me that this is perhaps evidence of the fact that we tend to enjoy doing stuff together .
Perhaps music is the ultimate social good , rather than the private good record labels would like it to be .
3 . Arguably , the last century of recorded music has been an anomaly in how we consume music and we 're going back to how we have always enjoyed it - live and together .
The content distributed is perhaps really no more than a calling card and artifact of something far bigger and more powerful .
Astroturfing is corporations creating fake “ grassroots ” opinions to affect legislation , and you could n’t ask for a better example than this :
On Facebook , the political action organization “ Get Health Reform Right “ , which is funded by health insurance trade groups , is paying people to send anti-health care reform emails to their congressmembers .
But in this case , they are n’t bribing people using real money , they are using virtual currency , which is used in various popular online games .
Normally , this virtual currency is paid to people for trying a product or service ( e.g. , the movie rental service NetFlix ) .
But in this case , the political organization is paying people virtual money in exchange for them sending an email to their congressperson .
Does this work ?
Let ’s see .
The email they are asked to sign says the following :
I am concerned a new government plan could cause me to lose the employer coverage I have today .
More government bureaucracy will only create more problems , not solve the ones we have .
And today , Senator Bob Bennett ( R - Utah ) gave a speech of the Senate floor and waved a stack of printed emails from his constituents , saying that they are “ concerned a new government plan could cause me to lose the employer coverage I have today ” and “ more government bureaucracy will only create more problems , not solve the ones we have . ”
Unfortunately , paying people to send letters to their congresspeople is not illegal — either in real or virtual currency .
UPDATE : Now the US Chamber of Commerce is giving out $ 150 Amex Gift Cards to Hooters as an incentive to get people to send emails opposing health care reform .
Who needs health care when you can go to Hooters ?
Opposition leader Mousavi's nephew ' among the fatalities ' as Tehran and other cities erupt in protest and violence on holy day
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The nephew of Iran 's reformist opposition leader , Mir Hossein Mousavi , was reported to be among at least nine people killed after the streets of Tehran and other cities erupted in violent clashes between security forces and protesters .
Ali Mousavi , 35 and a father of two , was reportedly shot through the heart after police opened fire during disturbances in Tehran 's Enghelab Square .
The authorities tonight tried to assert control over Tehran by reportedly declaring a 7 pm curfew and outlawing all gatherings of more than three people , a source inside the capital told the Guardian .
The move followed announcements by opposition supporters of plans to meet in some of the city 's main squares and parks to mark Sham-e Ghariban , which is part of the Ashura ceremonies .
News of Mousavi 's nephew 's death , reported by the reformist website Parlemannews , was certain to send shock waves through Iran 's opposition Green Movement .
There were reports of at least four other fatalities in Tehran and four more in Tabriz as tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered for the Shia Ashura ceremonies and to voice anger against the government .
Parlemannews reported that Mousavi had gone to Ebn-e Sina Hospital , where the body of his nephew had been taken .
He was accompanied by the dead man 's parents and fellow reformist politicians .
Rah-e Sabz , another reformist website , reported large crowds of people moving towards Ebn-e Sina Hospital in a show of solidarity with Mousavi after the death .
Rah-e Sabz also reported at least four other people were killed in the capital , including an elderly man who was shot through the forehead at a crossroads in Tehran city centre .
Two others were said to have been shot nearby at Kalej bridge , in Enghelab Street .
Rah-e Sabz , citing witnesses , said crowds held up the elderly man and started chanting slogans against Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Another person was reportedly killed after being beaten on the head with a baton , according to Rah-e Sabz .
Meanwhile , Rouydad News , another opposition site , reported that four people were killed in the northern city of Tabriz .
Crowds prevented security forces from taking away those wounded in the Tehran shootings .
According to other eyewitness reports , members of the hardline Basij militia attacked demonstrators with daggers and knives .
Disturbances were also reported in Isfahan , Shiraz , Masshad , Arak and Najafabad , where the Rah-e Sabz described the situation as " severe " .
Najafabad , birthplace of the dissident Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , who died last Sunday , has witnessed several outbreaks of unrest in the past week .
Today 's religious ceremonies – marking the 7th - century death of the Prophet Muhammad 's grandson , Imam Hossein – coincides with the ritual seven - day mourning ceremonies for Montazeri , who had repeatedly criticised the government and denounced President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election last summer as invalid .
Ashura ceremonies commonly feature vast crowds of people marching and beating their chests in memory of Imam Hossein , who is seen as a martyr against oppressive government .
This year the opposition pledged to use the holy day to voice continued opposition to the government .
The authorities responded by warning of a huge crackdown .
Hospitals and emergency services were put on alert to expect large - scale casualties .
The authorities are taking a risk in using lethal force against protesters during the Islamic month of Moharram , during which war and bloodshed is deemed to be religiously haram , or forbidden .
It raises the likelihood of a series of mourning cycles , as required by Shia tradition .
It was such a mourning cycle that fatally undermined the Shah 's regime when it tried to suppress demonstrations in 1978 .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been struck in the face and knocked to the ground at a political rally in Milan .
Video footage showed Mr Berlusconi , 73 , with blood on his lips as he was whisked away from the scene in a car .
Footage up until Mr Berlusconi is taken to his car is courtesy of L'Infedele
Brian Kelly said farewell to his Cincinnati charges last night and many responded by kindly asking their ex-coach to mind both the door and the area where the Good Lord split him as he makes his way through it .
Advertisement
Several Bearcat players expressed their anger with Kelly after being told of his departure for Notre Dame before last night 's football banquet — hours after the rest of planet already knew .
Their annoyance seems to come not just from the fact that they were the last group to be told ( after being promised that they would be first to know ) or that he 's abandoning them before the biggest game in school history , but because many players were led to believe — by Kelly himself — that he was n't going anywhere .
Receiver Mardy Gilyard — who days ago was convinced that Kelly was staying — left in the middle of the team meeting where they finally learned of the decision , telling reporters he was " disgusted " at a situation he called an " injustice . "
Quarterback Tony
Pike said that just a week ago ( before their pivotal game against Pittsburgh ) Kelly was gushing to the team about how much he loved the school and had no plans to leave .
Tight end Ben Guidugli used the phrase " turning his back on us . "
Defensive end Alex Daniels angrily vowed to " show you all that we were the ones out there doing it " and Kelly was " just calling signals . "
So you 're saying there wo n't be bon voyage cake ?
Advertisement
Some would say that the the Bearcats are just being naive and this is simply a part of big time college football .
Others might say that lying to your players right up until the moment when you walk out on them is underhanded and petty .
Gilyard , for his part , says that he gets it .
Kelly made " a business decision , " but that does n't mean he has to like it .
" I feel like there was a little lying in this thing , I feel like he 's known the whole time .
I kind of had a gut feeling that he was going to stay because he told me he was going to be here .
But it is what it is .
He made a business decision .
I 'm old enough to know that 's what the business is now ...
That should n't be the way the game should be played .
Cincinnati is still Cincinnati without BK . "
" Hopefully he packs his things up and gets to South Bend in a hurry . "
Brian Kelly leaves Cincinnati to become coach of Notre Dame [ Cincinnati Enquirer ]
Kelly new coach at Notre Dame , players salty [ News Record ]
Bearcat players last to know Kelly was leaving for ND [ WNDU ]
Cincinnati Bearcats rip Brian Kelly as he leaves to become Notre Dame 's new head coach [ New York Daily News ]
Brian Kelly first acknowledges being ND coach on Twitter [ Past The Press Box ]
December 16 , 2009
Community activists and students from five area colleges came together December 8 in Amherst , Mass. , to hear presentations on the " state of LGBT inequality . "
The meeting was organized by the Western Massachusetts chapter of Equality Across America and took up a range of issues , including LGBT bashing and hate crimes legislation ; employment discrimination and the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ; the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy " ; transgender inequality ; same - sex marriage ; and the need to change a section of Massachusetts law that associates homosexuality with pedophilia .
THESE ARE difficult times .
It has been more than 40 years since the Stonewall Rebellion launched the modern LGBT movement , and there is still pervasive social and institutional inequality .
However , the laws on the books are out of sync with public opinion .
Some 89 percent of people in the U.S. oppose employment discrimination against LGBT people ; two - thirds favor allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly in the military ; and over 50 percent support same - sex partnerships with the same rights and benefits as marriage .
While only 40 percent of people support same - sex marriage , this is one - third more than the 30 percent who supported it five years ago .
And that is in the absence of a mass movement unapologetically demanding LGBT equality , which would do a lot to shift public opinion .
There are over 30 million LGBT people in this country , and tens of millions more who are allies .
The contradiction between the laws on the books and the actual and potential public support for LGBT equality is wide enough to drive a movement through .
If just a fraction of those people devoted themselves to the struggle for equality , we could build a movement involving hundreds of thousands of people .
Rallying for LGBT equality in Washington , D.C. , at the National Equality March ( Kit Lyons )
ALMOST
A year into the first term of President Barack Obama , with Democratic super - majorities in the House and Senate , it is clear that LGBT equality will not be handed down from on high .
We must struggle for it from below .
As the abolitionist Frederick Douglass said , " Without struggle , there is no progress . "
This is why we organized buses to bring 150 people from Western Massachusetts to Washington , D.C. , on October 11 for the National Equality March , joining a quarter of a million people to march on the Capitol building to demand full equality for LGBT people in all matters governed by civil law in all 50 states -- now !
Many of the leading LGBT rights organizations , such as the Human Rights Campaign ( HRC ) , opposed the march until the last minute , only offering limited support when it became clear the march was going to be a success .
Many said it would be a waste of resources .
Others , like openly gay Democratic Congressman Barney Frank , said it would have no impact -- that the only thing we would be putting pressure on is " the grass . "
However , after years of leading a state - by - state struggle for marriage equality and spending tens of millions of dollars -- such as the $ 40 million spent on the failed effort to defeat Proposition 8 in California ( including television ads that did n't even mention the word " gay " ) , as well as millions in campaign contributions to Democrats who do not support full equality -- what has the corporate - sponsored " Gay , Inc. " gotten us ?
Marriage equality has been won in seven states , but it has been taken away in two , Maine and California , where a slim majority of voters were able to strip same - sex couples of their civil rights .
And even in states like Massachusetts , where same - sex marriage is legal , without over 1,000 federal benefits , it 's still " separate and unequal . "
We need a new strategy , one that sets as its goal full equality on the federal level , with no compromises and no more waiting and begging for crumbs .
Like march organizer David Mixner said , we 're equal , and we need to begin to act like it and demand our rights now !
President Obama was elected last year because his message of change , which included verbal support for LGBT rights , inspired LGBT people , youth and people of color to turn out to vote for him in record numbers .
But what has he done ?
Of the dozens of items on the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force 's checklist of " low - hanging fruit " -- steps towards equality that Obama could make with the stroke of a pen , including outlawing discrimination against transgender people in federal employment and recognition of homeless LGBT youth -- only one has been checked off so far : more accurate accounting of same sex-couples on the census .
In the lead - up to the vote on Question 1 to repeal marriage equality in Maine this November , when asked where he stood , Attorney General Eric Holder -- whose Justice Department in June , less than two weeks after Obama declared it LGBT Pride Month , defended the anti-gay Defense of Marriage
Act in court by effectively comparing same - sex marriage to incest -- said he did n't know enough to have a position .
Obama , who has said he believes marriage should be between a man and a woman , had nothing to say about Question 1 , and the day before the election , Obama 's former campaign organization e-mailed Maine Democrats -- asking them to call people in New Jersey to support Gov. Jon Corzine , with no mention of the marriage vote in Maine .
The Obama administration did n't step in to support marriage equality in New York , which was defeated last week after several Democrats voted against equality , and despite an international outcry over Bill 18 in Uganda , which would make homosexuality punishable by life imprisonment or death , the Obama administration has yet to release a statement of condemnation .
As Martin Luther King , Jr. once said , " There comes a time when silence is betrayal . "
THIS IS nothing new .
In 1960 , Democrat John Fitzgerald Kennedy was elected having promised African Americans that he would oppose Jim Crow discrimination .
However , like Obama , Kennedy did little unless he was forced to act .
Instead , he attempted to keep the civil rights movement in check , and to negotiate with and appease bigots such as Alabama Gov. George Wallace .
He only intervened to protect activists from racist Southern brutality when the movement was able to thrust the issue into the national spotlight , making inaction no longer an option .
In many cases , FBI agents and federal marshals stood by and watched as local and state police violated the constitutional rights of civil rights activists .
In fact , it was n't until 1963 , when thousands of Blacks led by Martin Luther King Jr. faced Bull Connor 's police dogs and fire hoses to win a victory against segregation -- exposing the brutality of Jim Crow racism to the eyes of the country and the world -- that JFK introduced the Civil Rights
Act that was enacted the next year .
And it was n't just Birmingham ; there were marches , sit-ins and other campaigns in hundreds of cities and towns across the South , a mass movement involving thousands upon thousands of people .
The African American civil rights movement teaches us lessons that are vital for the success of our struggle for LGBT civil rights today -- that it is possible for a mass movement of ordinary people , through determined action and effective leadership , motivated by love and a desire for equality , to triumph over the forces of bigotry and hatred , against odds greater than those that we face now ; that we cannot rely on politicians to grant us equal rights , but that we must rely on ourselves to win them .
Politicians will not act in our favor unless they see that the costs of inaction are greater than the costs of action , a calculation based on conditions it is up to us to create .
The civil rights movement taught us that we cannot win unless we are clear that we cannot wait -- that we must unapologetically demand full equality now .
To quote Frederick Douglass again , " Power concedes nothing without a demand ; it never has and it never will . "
And the civil rights movement taught us that we cannot win city by city , and state by state .
We face federal inequality , so we must build a movement that demands equality on the federal level .
Finally , we must forge unity and solidarity .
Shamefully , some , such as Barney Frank and the HRC , have argued that it is " more realistic " to win civil rights for LGB people by leaving our transgender brothers and sisters behind .
This has created justifiable resentment within the trans community , and we should strive to make Equality Across America an organization that is genuinely inclusive of trans people , and uncompromising when it comes to their civil rights and demands .
We should also reject other divisive ideas -- such as those that scapegoated African Americans for the passage of Proposition 8 -- and build a movement that is inclusive of LGBT people of color and their demands .
Both of these will require more than lip service : we will only forge these alliances by standing in concrete solidarity with movements for trans rights and racial justice .
WHILE THE civil rights movement could rely on the Black church to provide the movement with a framework , resources and a new generation of talented leaders like King , there is not an analogous institution in the LGBT community .
However , as King wrote in " Why We Can't Wait , " " Fortunately , history does not pose problems without eventually producing solutions .
The disenchanted , the disadvantaged and the disinherited seem , at times of deep crisis , to summon up some sort of genius that enables them to perceive and capture the appropriate weapons to carve out their destiny . "
Since November of 2008 , when California 's Proposition 8 banned gay marriage , tens of thousands took to the streets in California and across the country .
This setback became a step forward : the launching of a new grassroots movement for LGBT equality .
New organizations were founded by young people new to the struggle , as well as by seasoned activists reenergized by the explosion of anger following this bigoted attack on the rights of LGBT people .
Groups like One Struggle , One Fight in San Francisco have engaged in civil disobedience -- for example , when hundreds shut down Van Ness Avenue , which leads to the Golden Gate Bridge , after the California Supreme Court upheld Proposition 8 .
In San Diego , the San Diego Alliance for Marriage Equality staged a sit-in in a marriage license office to protest the California Supreme Court 's upholding of Prop 8 , where dozens of activists listened to a reading of Martin Luther King 's " Letter from Birmingham Jail . "
In Chicago , LGBT rights activists have forged alliances with immigrant rights and labor activists , standing in solidarity with Republic Windows & Doors workers who staged the first successful factory occupation in the U.S. since the 1930s .
And on October 11 , a quarter of a million people descended on Washington , D.D. to demand full LGBT equality , in a march organized by grassroots activists on a shoestring budget , without corporate sponsorship and without the assistance of mainstream LGBT organizations .
Now , we are taking the next step with the founding of Equality Across America .
All around the country , including here in Western Massachusetts , dozens of groups of activists who built the march have founded chapters of Equality Across America ( EAA ) , united around a single demand : full equality for all lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people -- now !
Regional conferences are being planned for this spring to build EAA , meet with one another and figure out how we can work together to win our demands .
Millions of people are on our side , and millions more will question their homophobia and transphobia if we build a movement to challenge them , just as the civil rights movement changed millions of minds about racism .
We can draw on the rich history of struggles against oppression : the civil rights movement , LGBT struggles of the past , the women 's rights movement and the labor movement , among others .
And we will have to create new strategies and tactics specific to today : sit-ins at marriage license offices , protests , campaigns to win support from student governments and other organizations , putting pressure on politicians , utilizing the media and creating our own media to get our message out .
We can and have sought allies from other struggles both locally and nationally , but it is critical that we maintain our political independence -- that we do not support politicians who refuse to stand up for our rights .
Like one popular sign at the National Equality March said : " Attention Democrats : the gay ATM is closed , " and since then , a campaign has begun to cease all contributions to Democrats until they take concrete action on LGBT equality .
We must build a mass , independent , democratic , unapologetic movement from below , and to do that , we need you , your friends , fellow students , co-workers and thousands more people we have yet to meet .
Join us not as passive supporters , but as agents in the shaping of our own collective destiny .
History is on our side , and it shows us that such a movement can be built -- despite what our high school textbooks tell us , history is made not by a few " great men , " but by ordinary people who stand up and demand their rights .
We have come a long way .
There are LGBT people today who remember when homosexuality was considered by psychiatrists to be a mental illness .
Today , millions live out and proud , and millions more consider homophobia and transphobia to be unacceptable .
We have a long struggle ahead , but we will get there .
I hope you will join us in taking the next step on the road to equality together .
Opponents of Maine ’s law allowing same - sex marriage claimed victory Tuesday night in their repeal effort , after a heated campaign that polarized the state and drew national attention .
With 87 % of the 605 precincts reporting , the Associated Press said , opponents of same - sex marriage led with 53 % of the vote , while those seeking to uphold the law had 47 % .
The battle was the latest in whether to let gay couples marry .
A year ago , Californians passed a constitutional amendment banning same - sex marriage .
If the law is repealed , Maine will join more than 30 other states that have rejected gay and lesbian marriage at the ballot box .
Same - sex unions are recognized in five states -- Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Vermont -- as a result of judicial rulings or legislative action .
Voters in Washington on Tuesday approved a measure extending the same legal rights to registered domestic partners that married couples enjoy .
Advertisement
Marc Mutty , chairman of Stand for Marriage Maine , which sought to overturn the state law , said the vote appeared to signal a “ victory for traditional marriage . ”
“ This has never been about gay rights , ” he said .
“ It ’s about marriage , and this is reaffirmation by the people of Maine that marriage between men and women is special and unique . ”
Earlier , gay rights supporters were hopeful of victory when state officials reported that voter turnout appeared unusually heavy .
Officials had to print extra ballots to meet the demand .
“ That ’s great for us , ” said Mark Sullivan , spokesman for No on 1 / Protect Maine Equality , the coalition that is seeking to allow same - sex couples to marry .
“ It means we succeeded in reaching younger people and others who do n’t always vote . ”
Advertisement
The optimism was palpable several hours later , when more than 1,500 gay rights supporters packed a hotel ballroom in downtown Portland .
Across town , a few dozen supporters of the repeal movement sat quietly at mostly empty tables in another ballroom .
The mood was considerably more subdued .
“ Regardless of the outcome tonight , we fought the good fight , ” Mutty told the gathering .
“ We have nothing to be ashamed of . ”
But the moods shifted when an early lead by same - sex marriage supporters evaporated .
Advertisement
Jesse Connolly , chairman of No on 1 / Protect Maine Equality , took the stage at 12:30 a.m. today but did not concede .
“ We wo n’t quit , ” he said , noting that officials had not counted thousands of absentee ballots .
“ It ’s gonna be a long night , ” he said .
Amy Fried , a political scientist at the University of Maine in Orono , said the state Legislature almost certainly would pass another same - sex marriage law if voters rejected the statute .
If the law were upheld , she added , gay rights activists around the country would look for lessons in what worked and why .
“ But there are some unique characteristics in Maine , ” Fried said .
“ It ’s a fairly secular state , with strong libertarian leanings even among conservatives .
And Mainers really despise negative campaigning .
That does n’t necessarily translate from one state to another . ”
Advertisement
Rea Carey , executive director of the nonprofit National Gay and Lesbian Task Force , said a vote to uphold the law in Maine would bolster efforts to pass similar laws in New York , New Jersey and other states .
“ It will be the first time that we have won on marriage equality , and that will not go unnoticed , ” she said .
A loss , she added , would not stop the effort .
“ It means we have more work to do .
We ’ll learn from it and move on . ”
Voters have been bombarded for weeks with TV ads , mailings , phone calls , canvassers and get - out - the - vote efforts , and both sides deployed thousands of volunteers .
Yard signs lined some roads , poking out of a blanket of wildly hued autumn leaves Tuesday .
Advertisement
California ’s bitter fight last year over Proposition 8 set the stage for the high - stakes rematch here .
Gay rights activists organized a fierce campaign last spring to allow same - sex marriages .
Gov. John Baldacci , a Democrat , initially refused to support the proposal , but he signed it in May after it passed the Legislature and spoke to supporters Tuesday night .
Opponents immediately began collecting signatures to call a ballot initiative to repeal the law before it could go into effect .
Though the battle had a distinctly Maine flavor , both sides relied heavily on activists , money and other resources from out of state .
Supporters of same - sex marriage raised about $ 4 million , while the repeal groups raised $ 2.6 million .
Advertisement
The group opposing same - sex marriage sought to attract the votes of Catholics , members of evangelical churches and other social conservatives in the small towns that pepper the state ’s less affluent northern and western counties .
Supporters of the marriage law drew their strongest support in Maine ’s southern cities and suburbs , where political attitudes are more liberal .
Stand for Marriage Maine hired the same consulting firm that ran the campaign to pass Proposition 8 , Sacramento - based Schubert Flint Public Affairs , to supervise strategy and advertising .
Using advertisements similar to those aired last year in California , the group warned in a spot broadcast Monday night : “ Do n’t be fooled .
Gay marriage will be taught in Maine schools ” if the law is not repealed .
Advertisement
Baldacci and state education officials had insisted for weeks that nothing in the new law would require teachers to discuss marriage in schools .
--
bob.drogin@latimes.com
Thank you for your contribution .
Your support is critical to helping me to get things done .
I 've turned the page from campaigning to doing what the voters of Minnesota elected me to do -- fight for the best interests of the people in our state and across America .
After spending two years talking about what I planned to do if elected , it 's an incredible feeling to be here and start getting things done .
My first piece of legislation was the Service Dogs for Veterans Act -- which established a program withing the U.S. Department of Veteran Affiars that pairs disabled veterans with service dogs ...
In these days where bipartisanship has become a concept imbued with cynicism and mockery , this was , amazingly enough , truly a bipartisan bill .
Co-sponsors included Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R - G.A. ) , Sen. Lindsay Graham ( R - S.C. ) , Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - L.A. ) , Sen. Mark Begich ( D - A.K. ) , and Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D - O.H. ) .
How like
Al to craft legislation that is both compassionate and smart .
Here 's how he described it :
" There ’s a huge return on investment here .
Service dogs can do amazing things , and there is evidence to suggest that increasing their numbers would reduce the alarming suicide rate among veterans , decrease the number of hospitalizations , and lower the cost of medications and human care .
" I believe it is enough simply to improve the lives of those of whom we asked so much .
But this program is n't just the right thing to do .
It 's the smart thing to do .
This small investment will pay dividends for these veterans for years to come . "
I also offered an amendment to the 2010 Defense Appropriations Bill that would stop funding defense contractors who deny victims of sexual assault their day in court .
Yes , he did .
An amendment that was , not incidentally , opposed by the Defense Department .
If you missed Franken 's masterful performance in dismantling the KBR attorney who was attempting to defend mandatory , binding arbitration for rape cases , it was a thing of beauty .
But first , he displayed exemplary respect and admiration for Jamie Leigh Jones , the courageous young woman who was brutally gang - raped by KBR employees in Iraq .
Watch :
I 've learned that a senator has the incredible privilege of doing things that make a real difference to real people .
That 's a privilege I will continue to cherish .
And it 's a privilege that he wasted no time in putting into practice .
Senator
Al is capable of working magic with people , by the simple act of patient listening , by saying in response to challenges , " That 's a great question " , and then giving replies that are respectful , considerate , detailed and exactly on topic .
He does this even with angry people , people who have been incited to believe that people like Al Franken are socialists and health care reform is an evil plot .
Every politician should be required to watch this , and learn :
Thank you for your continuing support .
Sincerely ,
Al Franken
Thank you ,
Al , for setting such a wonderful example , even as a freshman senator .
There is little doubt that you will prove to be a worthy successor to Paul Wellstone .
Happy Holidays to you and Franni .
A sign at the home of the brothers who carried out the attacks A relative of the boys who carried out the Edlington attacks has told how their mother would lace their food with cannabis to get them to go to sleep .
She recalled how the brothers grew up in a chaotic household watching horror movies from a young age .
The boys would often be up all night and had even set fire to their own wardrobes in their bedrooms , she said .
" You just knew one day they 'd really hurt someone and that is exactly what they 've done , " she told the BBC .
The woman , who does not want to be identified , said : " They have always been naughty boys , but they could have been lovable kids given the right family . "
' Habitual troublemakers '
She said the boys ' mother would leave the children , who had been excluded from school , to their own devices .
" From the age of about six or seven they used to watch horror movies , Chucky films , the sort that grown - ups dare n't watch .
" She [ their mother ] just sat in the house doing nothing really , she was n't really bothered .
" The father used to do a lot more for the children than she did .
" He was a tough dad , maybe a little too tough and strict and they rebelled against him .
" If he smacked the boys for being naughty she would just tell them to tell him to F off , it does n't matter .
Don Crabtree said the boys pulled up newly - planted trees in the park " She used to put cannabis in the tea so they could have an early night and she could have a quiet night in .
" My friend said she had walked into the house one day and was totally disgusted because she had caught her putting cannabis on a chocolate cake . "
A former police officer described the brothers as habitual troublemakers who were " a cancer " in the local community .
Don Crabtree said they were involved in incidents of vandalism and violence against animals .
He first came across the boys when he organised a tree planting scheme at Sandall Park in Doncaster in 2006 .
" We invited this particular family who were in the park to help us plant , " he said .
" They helped us for a day , there was a lot of work put in by the volunteers there , but within 20 minutes of leaving the site the entire area was trashed .
" Five hundred pounds worth of plants got pulled up and thrown in the lake .
One particular member of that family was responsible .
" That person was identified to me by someone who saw them trashing the plants .
" On one occasion we had it reported to us that at least one member of that family was seen to pick up ducklings in the park and kill them by throwing them against trees .
" That is about as sad as it gets . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bluehenge lies at the end of the ' Avenue ' – a pathway that connected Stonehenge to the Avon .
All that remains of the smaller circle are the holes of 27 giant stones set on a ramped mount .
Chips of stone found in the holes appear to be the same as those used in Stonehenge .
Report | Environment Illinois Research & Policy Center and Illinois PIRG Education Fund
Every day , we use millions of plastic bags , straws and utensils , and foam cups and containers for just a few minutes before tossing them , and then they can pollute our environment for hundreds of years .
We can protect our health and marine animals by banning or limiting these products , as hundreds of communities and nine states have already done .
Banning Single-use Plastics describes the specific problems , actions , and best practices for reducing these polluting items .
Ms Suu Kyi's detention means she cannot take part in elections next year The Supreme Court in Burma has agreed to a request from the pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi to hear an appeal against her latest detention .
Miss Suu Kyi was found guilty in August of violating the terms of her house arrest because a US man swam uninvited to her lakeside home in Rangoon .
She was originally sentenced to three years in prison , which was later commuted to 18 months ' house arrest .
She has spent 14 of the past 20 years under house arrest .
Aung San Suu Kyi was not in court to hear the case made on her behalf , nor were any journalists or other independent observers .
But her lawyers told reporters that their request for an appeal hearing had been granted , although no date has yet been set .
In theory the case rests on a legal technicality .
The defence argues that the original conviction was unsound because it was based on provisions laid out in the 1974 constitution which is now defunct .
The prosecution says the laws still stand regardless of the changes to the constitution .
Window - dressing ?
The decision to hear Miss Suu Kyi's appeal comes amid signs that the military government may be altering its approach in dealing with her in the run up to planned elections next year .
But diplomatic sources contacted by the BBC have cautioned against over - optimism , describing the Supreme Court decision as window - dressing , designed to give the impression of due legal process .
Aung San Suu Kyi has lodged several appeals over the years , yet still she remains in detention and the chances of that changing before the elections seem remote .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Voodoo is an Endorphina slot that brings you 5 reels and 10 paylines , and features a Witch Doctor you would likely find in a movie storyline featuring the New Orleans bayou .
If you are into scary atmosphere themed gaming slots , you will love that this slot brings you exactly that !
The slot ’s symbols , a Witch , Jaguar , a black magic doll , Snake , a Raven , and a Witch Doctor bring in the scary element in this slot that ’s likely to reward you with 2,000 times your bet !
Voodoo Symbols , Scatter And Wilds
The Voodoo slot brings you epic symbols , which offer you higher than average payouts , and they can trigger wins when you get just two matching symbols .
The most valuable symbol is the Witch Doctor that brings you a maximum payout of 2,000 x your stake for five of them on winning paylines .
The second rewarding symbol is the Witch that offers you 1,000 times your bet .
Playing this hypnotizing video slot is simple enough and will be a breeze for beginners as well as experienced slots players .
The primary symbol is the voodoo man who also acts as the game ’s Wild symbol and Scatter symbol and substitutes all other symbols .
If you get 3 Scatters anywhere on the reels , you are rewarded with 10 free spins .
During the free spins mode , paylines expand to the length of the entire reel , increasing your winnings and turning your single payline into a triple .
Voodoo Slot Features
The Voodoo slot brings you a set of unique features , some of which you will only find on Endorphina slots .
Such features include Turbo Play , Double Up , and Auto Play .
The Endorphina AutoPlay feature is more advanced than what you will likely find on most games in the market .
This AutoPlay feature allows you to set the number of auto spins you would like , the time the reels should spin ( for instance 5 minutes ) , and you can even limit play depending on whether your balance increases or decreases by a set figure .
The Double Up Play feature is only triggered once you have won , and you just need to click the Take a Risk button , and you are taken to a window where you have to select a face down card with a higher value than the one shown to double your bet .
Turn on the Turbo Play feature only if you are a fast player ; it is best if you can use it in Auto Play mode .
Voodoo Slot Summary
Regardless of the slots you prefer , or the types of casino games you prefer playing , the Voodoo slot brings you an exciting impression that you are likely not to forget in a while .
The graphics are on point and the audio in line with the slot ’s theme .
One thing you should expect is suspense , as you do n’t know what is going to happen next .
Apart from that , it ’s a richly rewarding slot that ’s created to bring you big wins right on your smartphone .
What 's this all about ?
Let me start off by saying this : I love CollegeHumor .
Over the years they 've made some seriously hilarious shit and I consider myself a fan .
Yesterday , however , CollegeHumor created a comic called " How to fire someone in Gotham city " .
Anyone who is a fan of The Oatmeal might find the style and format in this comic to be very , very , very familiar .
Now , I 'm not one to criticize one person being inspired by another ; I 'm a firm believer that art can not be born in a vacuum .
I 've been inspired by many other artists and comedians and I often cruise around the web when I 'm hoping to ignite a creative spark .
The " how to fire someone in Gotham city " comic , however bore such a resemblance to one of my comics that I received numerous emails saying primarily one of two things :
" Oatmeal , Did you get hired by collegehumor ? ! "
" Dude , your latest comic sucks harder than a black hole "
Rather than bitch and moan about it , I thought I 'd make a comic about how I believe CollegeHumor gets inspired .
The GTA series is one of the world 's most popular games
The scenes in Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas , the best - selling game of 2004 , were unlocked by a fan who created software called Hot Coffee .
Installing Hot Coffee allowed people to play an explicit " mini game " .
As a result , the US Entertainment Software Rating Board ( ESRB ) changed the rating to Adults Only .
The change meant , however , that many shops were forced to stop stocking it as they have a policy of not selling adult - rated content .
In Australia , the game was stripped of its official classification , meaning that shops could no longer sell the title .
" The Hot Coffee scenes were not intended to be part of the Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas experience , " read a statement from the Rockstar , the game 's developer .
" If your copy of Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas for the PC has been altered by the unauthorised Hot Coffee download circulating on the internet , or you wish to prevent your version from being so altered , download and install the patch for your version of the game . "
From the start
Before the ESRB 's investigation , the game had an M for mature rating that meant it could be sold to those aged 17 and above .
GTA : San Andreas has sold millions worldwide
It later admitted it had created the secret scenes , following the ESRB investigation .
The storm of protest over the game even attracted the attention of US senator Hillary Clinton .
She called for an investigation into who was responsible for including the scenes in the game .
In the UK , the game was originally granted an 18 age rating and that rating remains the same .
