I had no choice but to submit to being Inmate B's prison wife .
Out of fear for my life , I submitted to sucking his dick , being fucked in my ass , and performing other duties as a woman , such as making his bed .
In all reality , I was his slave , as the Officials of the Arkansas Department of Corrections under the ‘ color of law ' did absolutely nothing .
— M.P , Arkansas , pro se federal civil rights complaint filed 8/2/96
Most of the prisoners who rape are spending from 5 to life .
And are part of a gang .
They pick a loner smaller weaker individual .
And make that person into a homosexual then sell him to other inmates or gangs .
Anywhere from a pack of cigarettes to 2 cartons . . . .
No one cares about you or anyone else .
If they show kindness or are trying to be helpful , it is only because they want something .
And if there offering you protection you can guarantee that there going to seek sexual favors .
. . .
When an inmate comes in for the first time and doesnt know anyone .
The clicks and gangs .
Watch him like Wolves readying there attacks .
They see if he spends time alone , who he eats with .
Its like the Wild Kingdom .
Then they start playing with him , checking the new guy out .
( They call him fresh meat . )
— J.G. , Minnesota , 8/8/96
I 've been sentenced for a D.U.I. offense .
My 3rd one .
When I first came to prison , I had no idea what to expect .
Certainly none of this .
I 'm a tall white male , who unfortunately has a small amount of feminine characteristics .
And very shy .
These characteristics have got me raped so many times I have no more feelings physically .
I have been raped by up to 5 black men and two white men at a time .
I 've had knifes at my head and throat .
I had fought and been beat so hard that I did n't ever think I 'd see straight again .
One time when I refused to enter a cell , I was brutally attacked by staff and taken to segragation though I had only wanted to prevent the same and worse by not locking up with my cell mate .
There is no supervision after lockdown .
I was given a conduct report .
I explained to the hearing officer what the issue was .
He told me that off the record , He suggests I find a man I would / could willingly have sex with to prevent these things from happening .
I 've requested protective custody only to be denied .
It is not available here .
He also said there was no where to run to , and it would be best for me to accept things . . . .
I probably have AIDS now .
I have great difficulty raising food to my mouth from shaking after nightmares or thinking to hard on all this .
. . .
I 've laid down without physical fight to be sodomized .
To prevent so much damage in struggles , ripping and tearing .
Though in not fighting , it caused my heart and spirit to be raped as well .
Something I do n't know if I 'll ever forgive myself for .
— A.H. , Indiana , 8/30/96
If a person is timid or shy or as prison inmates term him " Weak , " either mentally or physically , he stands to be a victim of physical and / or sexual assault .
— R.B. , Colorado , 9/1/96
I am giving you a breif description of the incient 's i have suffered from while I 've been in this institution .
To begin with on Aug 1 , 1996 Approx : 12:30 pm i was housed in E building i went to the officials on duty about a problem i was having with two ( 2 ) inmate 's but it was disreguard .
Than around and about Aug 16 , 1996 i was sexual assaulted by the same two ( 2 ) inmate's .
I was then taking to the medical department in cristeanna hospital for treatment .
It 's a big Rumor that one inmate has Aid's .
— T.A. , Delaware , 9/2/96
Inmates confined for sexual offenses , especially those against juvenile victims , are at the bottom of the pecking order and consequentially most often victimized .
Because of their crime , the general population justifies using their weakness by labling rape " just punishment " for their crime .
Sexual offenders are the number one target group for prisoner rape .
Inmates who come to prison at an early age are the second target group .
Being younger , more physically attractive , and less likely to be infected with H.I.V. , this group " needs to learn not to come back to prison a second time . "
Obviously this is a poor justification for rape , but in the prison social structure any excuse will do .
— L.V. , Arkansas , 9/3/96
I hate to say this but if you were n't racist when you came to prison more than likely you will be when you leave .
In Texas prisons race is the main issue and until people wake up and realize that nothing will change !
— T.B. , Texas , 9/3/96
I was raped in prison from Feb 1991 through Nov 1991 .
From that it left me HIV positive .
— K.S. , Arkansas , 9/4/96
I have been sexually assaulted twice since being incarcerated .
Both times the staff refused to do anything except to lock me up and make accusations that I 'm homosexual and that if I pursue legal action they 'd ship me and both times they did .
— J.G. , Florida , 9/4/96
What is more prevalent at TCIP ( which , by the way , is a medium security , rural institution ) is best called " coercion . "
I suppose you have an idea what these engagements entail .
The victim is usually tricked into owing a favor .
Here this is usually drugs , with the perpetrator seeming to be , to the victim , a really swell fellow and all .
Soon , however , the victim is asked to repay all those joints or licks of dope — right away .
Of course he has no drugs or money , and the only alternative is sexual favors .
Once a prisoner is " turned - out , " it 's pretty much a done deal .
I guess a good many victims just want to do their time and not risk any trouble , so they submit .
. . .
The coercion - type abuses continue because of their covert nature .
From the way such attacks manifest , it can seem to others , administrators and prisoners , that the victims are just homosexual to begin with .
Why else would they allow such a thing to happen , people might ask .
— J.S. , Tennessee , 9/5/96
I was young and yes i was weak .
My weight was only 120 lbs , the first few months i was raped and beat up many times , i would always Fight back , i wanted my attackers to know i was not a Willing Subject for their evilness .
I went to the Guards for help and was told there was nothing that could be done , that i would have to stand up like a Man and Take Care of my own troubles .
— B.L , Florida , 9/5/96
Some prison rapists are so ignorant or delusional , they imagine the rape victim to be the homosexual — because he 's doing the taking , not dishing it out ( he 's gay !
he 's performing a homosexual act ! )
— J.J. , California , 9/6/96
The rapes seem to be for two main reasons .
1 . They hurt , someone must pay .
2 . Being deprived of consensual sex , and self - centered , any hole will do .
Power , control , revenge , seem to top the " reasons " for rape .
The person assaulted is either seen as weaker , or gang banged if seen as stuck up kind of person .
You know , refuses to swear , actually admits he is guilty , is seeking help etc. . . .
I have yet to hear of an inmate being charged in court with sexual assault of an inmate .
Have you ?
If just one was found guilty , got more time , things would change .
— D.A. , Nebraska , 9/6/96
On January 27 , 1993 , I was forcefully raped !
I was held down while at least 3 black inmates had anal intercourse using my rectum as their sexual pleasure release !
From that day on , I was classified as a homosexual and was sold from one inmate to the next .
I was sold for a $ 2.25 bag of coffee ! . . .
Blacks tend to rape the white inmates and force themselves on weaker inmates !
I am one of the weaker inmates !
— J.D. , Texas , 9/6/96
Most guys raped are guys for there first time locked up , between the ages 18 - 30 that looks young , not strong , looks lonely , scared .
Guys watch these things .
— M.F. , Ohio , 9/6/96
A lot of guys do n't say enything about what happens to them , because they got to live there .
What if they told , what could happen to them . . .
I know you think they should tell what happens to them .
But until you put yourself in there shoes you do n't know what you do .
Some prisons are hard .
Fights , killings , ect. everyday .
One thing guys do n't like is guys who tell on others .
What are your chances if you told on someone ?
— M.F. , Ohio , 9/6/96
I 'm in protective custody have been since Feb of 95 .
My rape is known thru out the system as everyone know the person who did it likes to brag so its unsafe for me to be in population as now I 'm a snitch , homo and my safety would be in jeopardy .
— R.G. , Delaware , 9/6/96
When a man gets raped nobody gives a damn .
Even the officers laugh about it .
I bet he 's going to be walking with a limp ha ha ha .
I 've heard them .
— J.G. , Minnesota , 9/7/96
Most often the victom who reports a rape is again victomized by officials who write this inmate victom a disciplinary report of propaganda ; officials do this in order to avoid law suits resulting from the rapes .
— E.R. , Iowa , 9/9/96
When a man finally gets his victim , he protects him from everyone else , buys him anything , the victim washes his clothes , his cell , etc .
In return , the entire prison knows that this guy has a " BITCH " or " girl . "
This gives power to the aggressors ego .
In here , the egos multiply a lot more than in society .
Now I 've seen this happen many many times .
The response from the guards is " the strong survive , " " who cares , " or they join in on the teasing , tourmenting , etc .
— R.L. , New York , 9/9/96
I 've seen inmates attacked by two or three men at a time and forced to the floor , while two or three hold him down , the fourth man slaps vaseline on his rectum and rapes him .
I knew two men who hung themselves after this .
— R.L. , New York , 9/9/96
The more time a man has , the more respect he gets , the more he is feared , the more the guards ignore his misbehavior and let him do what he wants , including rape !
The mentality of a lot of guards is that it 's only a convicted felon screwing another , so who cares ?
— R.L. , New York , 9/9/96
The DOC covers their actions under the guise of security and the state court wears blinders .
— J.G. , Florida , 9/9/96
I did n't want to tell on the inmates who raped me because I did n't want to be killed .
If I had told on the inmates , They would have gotten me in another part of the Prison .
Even Protective Custody Facility .
— R.H. , Utah , 9/10/96
Why prison sexual assault occurs :
Part of it is revenge against what the non-white prisoners call , " The White Man , " meaning authority and the justice system .
A common comment is , " ya'll may run it out there , but this is our world ! "
More of it I think is the assaulters own insecurities and them trying to gain some respect in their peer group by showing that they " are a man . "
This subculture is concerned with appearances , and the more imposing an appearance , the more respect you command .
Some of the guys I rode with didnt want any sex or $ .
They just wanted the status of having a " Kid . "
Naturally , I liked them best .
— S.H. , Texas ,
9/10/96
I was " rented out " for sexual favors , and a lot of the guys who rented me are not rapists , or assaulted as children , or any other stereotypical model .
They just wanted some sexual satisfaction , even though they knew I was not deriving pleasure from it , and was there only because I was forced to .
. . .
I was with the Valluco ( Valley ) crowd , so I was only passed around to them for free .
D. Town Hispanics had to pay .
They were charged $ 3 for a blow - job , $ 5 for anal sex .
— S.H. , Texas ,
9/10/96
I had an officer tell me that " faggots like to suck dick , so why was I complaining . "
You and I realize that non-consensual sex is rape , regardless — a leap in thinking not possible for prison officials .
— S.H. , Texas ,
9/10/96
Defendant J.M , a security officer with the rank of sargeant , came to investigate the series of latest allegations .
Defendant J.M. refused to interview the inmate witnesses and told plaintiff that he was lying about being sexually abused .
After plaintiff vehemently protested that he was being truthful , defendant J.M. made comments that plaintiff " must be gay " for " letting them make you suck dick . "
— S.H. , Texas , 9/10/96 ( legal papers )
[ When I was sent to prison , ] I was just barely 18 years of age , about 90 pounds .
I did nine years from March 1983 to November 1991 .
In that 9 years I was raped several times .
I never told on anyone for it , but did ask the officer for protective custody .
But I was just sent to another part of the prison .
Than raped again .
Sent to another part of the prison .
Etc.
This went on for 9 years .
I did n't want to tell on the inmates who raped me because I did n't want to be killed .
. . .
I came back to prison in 1993 .
In 1994 I was raped again .
I attempted suicide . . . .
The doctors here in the prison say " quote " major depression multiple neurotic symptoms , marked by excessive fear , unrelenting worry and debilitating anxiety .
Antisocial suicidal ideation , self - degradation , paranoia and hopelessness are characteristic , " unquote . "
— R.H. , Utah , 9/10/96
[ With coercive sex ] , one inmate will sidle up to another inmate and try to play on the inmate 's emotions , as well as befriend him ; this inmate usually being a " first - timer " who is quiet and reserved and without any established friends yet . . . .
Eventually the weaker inmate is compelled to perform masturbation on the domineering inmate , or — at first — to pose nude before the domineering inmate while he masturbates .
. . .
Once the weaker inmate is hooked , the domineering inmate will share the details of his conquest with his buddies and then the weaker inmate finds himself dealing with more and more inmates vying for his services .
By this time , the weaker inmate has had his self - esteem so lowered that he no longer cares and becomes a sexual substitute for whomever needs him .
— P.S. , Texas ,
9/10/96
I found out how people earn respect in here , you have to beat someone or shank them .
— J.G. , Minnesota , 9/12/96
It 's either rape or be raped and the racial tension does n't help any .
— W.M. , Texas ,
9/13/96
Officers can't do anything unless an inmate say 's something .
If an inmate does , not only is that a sure sign of weakness , but a weak snitch to boot .
Not worthy of living .
— W.M. , Texas ,
9/13/96
[ You have to fight to be safe . ]
To give you an idea what I mean . . .
I now have scar 's where I 've been gutted , under the right side of my chest below my heart , where my neck was cut open and under my left arm .
That 's not the many minor cuts and wound 's can't include in this letter because of lack of times & space .
People start to treat you right once you become deadly .
— W.M. , Texas ,
9/13/96
It 's fixed where if you 're raped , the only way you [ can escape being a punk is if ] you rape someone else .
Yes I know that 's fully screwed , but that 's how your head is twisted .
After it 's over you may be disgusted with yourself , but you realize you 're not powerless and that you can deliver as well as receive pain .
Then it 's up to you to decide whether you enjoy it or not .
Most do , I do n't .
It 's sick and depraved .
It 's also depressing when one of these boy's ( another name for turn out ) , come up to you for protection because they know you wo n't hurt them as much because you 've been through it & they do n't have the nuts to break out themselves even when you tell them how .
— W.M. , Texas ,
9/13/96
My celly tried to rape me with a knife for a weapon , we fought and I got the knife and stabbed him to fight him off , I was charged with attempted murder and felonious assault and taken to trial , found guilty and received 12 to 15 years .
The system feels that justice was done .
— L.L. , Ohio , 9/14/96
What is needed in prison is one man cells , one man showers and for the officials to prosecute attackers instead of just locking them up in the hole .
— L.L. , Ohio , 9/14/96
While serving my sentence at a former institution , I was severely beaten and gang raped , both orally and anally , by six black inmates . . . .
It started by inmate [ A ] coming by my cell and waking me up at approximately 4:00 a.m .
He said he wanted to come in and watch television with me .
I said , " No , I 'm trying to sleep . "
He said he 's going to the booth and get my door open .
I saw him go to the booth and told the booth officer to open my cell door . . .
My cell door was not authorized to be opened .
By this time , I had turned on my overhead light and heard inmate [ A ] say to [ the officer ] , " Open # 222 , so I can get his laundry . "
I did n't think nothing of it because we 've had no prior problems before .
I did think it was odd though .
So he came in and sat on my bed . . . .
About 5 to 10 minutes after that , inmate [ B ] , [ C ] , and [ D ] came into my cell .
Then inmate [ D ] said , " We want some ass . "
I said , " I do n't think so , I do n't play that shit . "
When he said this , I said to myself , " Oh no !
I 'm in trouble ! "
I looked toward the door for an escape route finding it blocked , I went into myself to prepare for the worst .
Inmate [ D ] then said , " Either give it to Jesus or give it up . " . . . .
It was at this time that the floor officer came by on the bottom tier ( I was on the top tier ) , doing or supposedly doing , his rounds .
He noticed the inmates in my cell and asked if everything was all right .
Too terrified to answer , I just nodded .
[ The officer ] never came to the top tier during his round .
I was then directed back to my bed .
Inmate [ B ] then stood in front of me and pulled out his penis and forced it into my mouth .
Inmate [ C ] then turn his turn .
Pulling me to my feet , he then took my boxers off , bent me over and forced his penis inside .
Inmate [ D ] laid on the bed , took my head and forced himself inside my mouth [ All four of them , plus one more ] took turns anally and orally raping me at the same time .
All of them repeatedly did this .
Somewhere in the middle of this , inmate [ F ] entered . . . .
[ D] uring the rape , I believe it was him that said " suck this dick you white bitch . " .
. . .
[ One said : ]
" If you snitch on us , we 'll kill you ! ! "
The other said , " And if you do and you get transferred , you 'll still die . "
At that time , I really believed them , and I still think this today .
— R.D , Virginia , 9/16/96
I remember after he left , the sun was rising , I was standing there in total shock .
My body and my mind was numb .
I did n't know what to do , so I just sat down on the commode and let what they ejaculated in me come out .
After everything was out , I cleaned myself again .
As I got up , I noticed the water in the commode was red .
I washed myself again , put on all my clothes , got under the covers .
The fear went on a rampage in my mind , shutting down my whole system .
For the rest of the day I was like this .
I do remember wanting to kill them or either myself . . . .
I cannot fully state to you now the actual feelings of guilt or shame I felt at the time .
In retrospect , I feel now that there was more I could have done and my mindset now is one of tremendous speculation .
But , it all comes down to feelings of being inadequate in the defense of myself .
— R.D , Virginia , 9/16/96
I am a first - time non-violent offender , and committed a white - collar offense . . . .
In September , 1994 , during the week of Labor Day , I was accosted and raped in the shower . . . .
While the entire incident did not last more than a few minutes , it seemed like an eternity .
I was certain that I had indeed been sentenced to Hell .
I was left badly bruised and crying , with a pretty hopeless outlook on the whole situation .
There was no guard to be found , and so I was left to fend for myself .
— R.S. , West Virginia , 9/16/96
Prison rapes occur for a number of reasons .
One such reason is the insecure , weak inmate preying on another weaker inmate , to make an impression of toughness or ruthlessness that he hopes will discourage other inmates from doing the same thing to him . . . .
The main reason why sexual assaults occur is because prison officials and staff promote them .
It 's their method of sacrificing the weak inmates to achieve and maintain control of the stronger aggressive or violent inmates .
— W.F. , Missouri , 9/21/96
[ I ] was sent to the orientation block to be cellmate with another prisoner already occupying a double cell .
I did not know at the time that I was to share a double cell with him , that he was a known rapist in the prison . . . .
I must point out that only a month and a half prior , he was accused of raping another man .
On my fourth day of sharing the cell , I was ambushed and viciously raped by him .
After being raped , I remained in shock and paralized in thought for two days until I was able to muster the courage to report it , this , the most dreadful and horrifying experience of my life .
— B.J. , Connecticut , 9/23/96
I have long Blond hair and I weigh about 144 lbs .
I am a free - world homosexual that looks and acts like a female . . . .
In 1992 I came to this Unit and was put into population .
There was so many gangs and violence that I had know choice but to hook up with someone that could make them give me a little respect .
Well after a few days I guess he figured it was more problems than it was worth and decided to give in , " to them . "
A Black guy paid an officer two cartons of " Kools " to write me up so I could be moved to his block with him .
Well they did just that .
Money will buy anything here and I mean anything . . . .
All open Homosexuals are preyed upon and if they do n't choose up they get chosen .
— M.P. , Arkansas , 9/24/96
When a new inmate enters an open barracks prison it triggers a sort of competition among the convicts as to who will seduce and subjugate that new arrival .
Subjugation is mental , physical , financial , and sexual .
Every new arrival is a potential victim .
Unless the new arrival is strong , ugly , and efficient at violence , they are subject to get seduced , coerced , or raped . . .
Psychosocially , emotionally , and physically the most dangerous and traumatic place I can conceive of is the open barracks prison when first viewed by a new inmate .
— L.V. , Arkansas , 9/25/96
I was too embarrassed to tell the [ corrections officers ] what had happened [ that I had been raped ] . . . .
The government acts as if a " man " is supposed to come right out and boldly say " I 've been raped . "
You know that if it is degrading for a woman , how much more for a man .
— R.B. , Kansas , 9/28/96
The guys who perform / promote these assaults are the " tough - guy " sorts .
. . .
[ T ] hese guys commit these attacks for power & control , not for the sex — although they are highly interested in sex .
For many ( most ? ) of these guys , it 's a " badge of honor " for them , when they can abuse a " child molester " ( especially sexually ) and run them into p.c. ( protective custody ) .
. . .
Self - esteem is a valuable commodity , in this environment , since a pronounced lack of it is a common factor among criminals .
. . .
By " stealing power " from others , these individuals are able to feel superior — which boosts their self - esteem .
— M.S. , Nevada , 9/28/96
Prison officials seem to prefer the " slap on the wrist " in - house disciplinary approach over referring criminal charges against the perpetrators [ of rape ] .
When pressed , they generally claim that this practice is to " protect the victim " ( from an ugly court scene ) , but I believe it's to protect the prison from having to admit the problem exists .
— M.S. , Nevada , 9/28/96
When I was sentenced I did n't hear the part of sentencing that stated , " you are hereby sentenced to six years of hard labor to the Texas Dept. of Criminal Justice .
While there , you will be beaten daily , savagely raped , and tortured , mentally , to the point of contemplating suicide . "
— L.O. , Texas , 9/29/96
Young men and male of small frame structure is being beaten and raped as well as gay inmates by inmates of bigger size and gang members .
— R.G. , California , 10/1/96
My abuse started in the county jail where I was raped by four inmates . . . .
When I was sent to prison I informed them that I have been raped by gang member and was on medication .
. . .
Still I was being asked for sex and tolded that I would have to given over myself one way or another ; at this point ( looking back on the matter ) I can see that I was going through a brake down mentally .
Anyway that night I 've made of my mind that I was taking my life for it seem as if that was the only way out of that Hell .
So the sleeping medication that they was giving me , I save for 8 days which came to 800 MG and I took them .
I was taken to the medical center where I stayed for 18 days .
Every so often 5 or 6 Doctors would come into that room and look at me talking to their self .
They would ask me how I feel and say no more .
This one Doctor tolded me that they was going to put me back on the same yard .
I told him if they do , I would take my life .
He than said that he do n't give a dam .
I just hung my head low and cryed .
— R.G , California , 10/1/96
There is no safety for gays , young men , first timers and men of small built .
The most rapes that happen are with the prison gangs .
Young men and first timer 's believe that they must join prison gangs for fear of safty of their lives .
. . .
It seem that young men and gays and first timmers are used as sacrificial lamb .
The reason is to use these men as a way to keep the gangs and killers from turning on the system which created prison the Hell that it is .
These young men , these gays , these first timers are turning into everything their abusers are .
— R.G. , California , 10/1/96
On 10 -12-93 I was assined to [ a prison unit ] in Abilene Texas and sense I have been on the unit I have been bete up on and sexually assaulted .
It all started a week after I got to the unit .
I was confronted by inmate [ F ] and at that time inmate [ J ] come up and sed that I am going to do him a faver or I will not walk out of my cell block and that was on 10 - 19 - 93 .
And by the time 1994 came around I had been bete up sevrule times and had been raped 2 times by the two inmates .
One 5-26 - 94
I got assallted by a unnown inmate and have been sexually abuesd by a number of unnown inmates seens I have been on this unit .
I have told the unit werdon and a number of the officers on the unit and have not got the proper proteshone that I need and the unit classification have denide me transfer to a safe keeping unit a number of times .
— D.M. , Texas ,
10/1/96
I was dehumanzied by the lack of empathy prison officials have towards victims of sexual assault , potential victims , inmates safety in general .
Inmates are looked at and treated as subhuman across the board .
If an incident can be covered it will be .
If it can be ignored it will be .
— K.J. , Georgia ,
10/2/96
Upon my arrival to prison , my being small , white , some what feminine and niave to the Big City and prison ways , made me appear as an easy mark as a victim .
A victim for extortion , robbery and / or sexual assault .
I survived the attacks only because I fought several times .
The fighting led the preditors to believe that I was n't an easy mark and there was easier prey to attack .
I wish my tale ended there but it does n't .
After witnessing bigger stronger guys who had also fought back , be brutally attacked by more than one inmate and sexually assaulted , I was over - come with fear .
The constant fear of being jumped by three or four guys and brutally beaten until I willingly let them sexually assault me , or was forced to endure a sexual assault , was too much for me .
Wondering if I was next dominated my waking hours .
I began to think of ways to escape the preditors .
I chose to manipulate the psychiatric department into transferring me to a prison psychiatric hospital .
I thought that I had escaped the threat of rape , but I was wrong .
Another patient there in the same dorm as me said he liked me and wanted to have sex with me .
It was everywhere and escape seemed utterly hopeless .
I was tired of living in fear and gave in to his demands .
I let him use me and my body as if I were a real woman for his personal sexual gratification .
Both oral and anal sex repeatedly for hours .
I was returned to the same prison I had fled from .
Within 30 days I escaped from prison , the fear of being humiliated and treated as a sexual slave was too much and greater than the fear of being shot or prosecuted .
. . . .
My lawyer said that I had the best duress defense he 'd ever seen .
After beating the DOC 's attempt to prosecute me for escape , they enacted their vengeance .
Having just turned 19 years old , they transfered me to Jackson prison .
" The World 's Largest Walled Prison " known for its stabbings and sexual attacks on young white males .
The memory I have of my arrival is yells , mating calls and whistling at me as I walked to my cell at 2:30 am .
When in one 24 hr. period I received over a hundred notes asking who was my man , or threatening me , and more verbal threats , I attempted suicide by cutting my wrist ; the only escape I could envision .
When that failed the next man to approach me found me hopeless and depressed and I simply no longer cared about what happened to me .
He claimed me as his property and I didnt dispute it .
I became obedient , telling myself at least I was surviving .
. . .
He publicly humiliated and degraded me , making sure all the inmates and gaurds knew that I was a queen and his property .
Within a week he was pimping me out to other inmates at $ 3.00 a man .
This state of existence continued for two months until he sold me for $ 25.00 to another black male who purchased me to be his wife .
It was another thirty days before an attorney was able to force the DOC to transfer me to another prison .
Word quickly spread of my activities at Jackson .
That was the setting for the rest of my five yr. sentence .
Though I was lucky , the rest was spent with only two men , and not hundreds of men .
— E.S. , Mississippi , 10/4/96
Often the victim will be tied up on a bed , face down and sold until the debt is finished or until the novelty is gone .
— C.M. , Illinois , 10/8/96
I really do n't think that male on male rape is primarily a sexual thing .
It is probably more of a power thing by which one person can maintain absolute control over another , or use the other to settle some financial responsibility .
— C.M. , Illinois , 10/8/96
As I told you in my last letter I was sexually assulted when I was let out of adminstrative segregation July 17/96 and it got around pretty quick that I was a " turnout " they all knew .
But the dude I was riding with he protected me as long as I did sexual favors for him .
But he left .
So no one was there to stop this inmate from falling in my house .
When he gets there he first demands money I have none so he takes my radio and headphones .
He sends them to his house see he's out of place he is not supposed to be in my cell but I cant tell for fear of the other inmates .
So I just stay on my bunk .
Oh and we are on lock down so we only shower 3 times a week .
He came in my cell Friday so he wont have a chance to go back to his cell until Monday so I just try and stay away from him .
On Saturday about 10 or 11 AM he tells me that he wants a blow job or he wants to have sex with me .
Now I dont know why but I refused I said please dont so he hits me 3 times in my face and upper body I come down off the top bunk to try and defend my self but before I have a chance he pulls out a knife on me !
When I reach for his wrist to try and get the knife I get cut but not to bad .
But I do manage to get the knife away from him .
I dont remember cutting him as many times as he was cut .
But I took his own knife and I defended my self .
He was cut a few times got a bunch of stitches : I then layed the weapon on the ground he picked it up and threw it out of the cell .
I then started yelling for the Guards .
Now even though I was in my cell and he was n't supposed to be there he was out of place even though I was cut and he admitted possion of the weapon and even though he admitted that he came in my cell to do me harm I was still given a major case " which fucks off chance of parole for me for a long time . "
I was still put in solitary for segregation for 15 days .
Now on 10/8/96 I was put in administrative segregation for assult with a weapon I dont even know when I 'll get out plus they might file a free world charge on me so that I get more time .
I tryed to tell them it was self defence and that I need protective custody but they wouldnt listen .
I dont know what I 'll do if Im charged cause I 'll have to plea bargin I 'd be to scared to take it to trial for fear of losing .
Those people dont care about what happens in here and if I lose I 'd get more time than if I plea bargined and alls I can do is hope for the best .
— T.B. , Texas ,
10/8/96
I did n't know how the prison system work , so this inmate come up to the A & O unit and gives me three packs of cigarettes , I did n't know where they came from , or why they was given to me , I took the cigarettes , two weeks later I was placed in population , and here come this big old guy name [ M ] , telling me that I belong to him because he had bought me , and had the same guy there who had brought me the cigarettes to verify it .
— C.D. , Indiana , 10/8/96
I know you do n't want to hear this but it is prison officials , jail officials that causes men to be fucked in prison .
. . .
[ P ] rison officials approve of men getting fucked in prison and to attack it at the prisoners level , you are fighting a losing battle , start with prison officials , people in authority , they are the one that causes people to get fucked against their will .
— C.D. , Indiana , 10/8/96
I have seen or heard of rapes on a weekly basis at the least .
Mostly it is a daily occurrence .
Rapes are a very common occurrence due to the fact of coercion being " played " on ignorant first timers .
Once someone is violated sexually and there is no consequences on the perpetrators , that person who was violated then becomes a mark or marked .
That means he 's fair game .
— M.B. , Indiana ,
10/10/96
As I go back to the time I was attacked , I was only about 145 lbs , white , blue eyed and smoothed skin .
I was about 5 ' 10 " and very disliking of crowds .
It was about 1 pm or 1:30 pm before showers .
2 black males ( gang related ) ran into my cell , one very large and the other more my size .
I was hit , and put face down on the mattress .
A knee in my back and a pillow case under my chin ( like a horse bridle ) , being weaker made me vulnerable to be taken advantage of ( note : this paragraph is not detailed action for action but only a brief take ) .
Being scared I was too much in a trance to go to the unranked officers because many at the time were promoters of the non-survival of the weak .
. . .
I feel that maybe some women might look at me as less than a man .
My pride feels beaten to a pulp .
— E.R. , Texas ,
10/10/96 .
Someone with a slower mental process or lower I.Q. usually gets tricked into sexual devastation in some decivious way and the officers look the other way or leave , as Texas stays understaffed for that reason so an officer can just walk off and never see a thing .
— R.B. , Texas ,
10/13/96
At least 90 % of assaults are not even reported to staff .
Occasionally the victim is a person who could fight off one inmate but there is a bet between groups or gangs to make him a " bitch , " and the bettor will get a few of his home boys and go assault him .
— R.B. , Texas ,
10/13/96
Smaller , weaker , meeker individuals are usually targets .
Meeker individuals tend to " act Gay " is how it 's described here and in turn invites assault through the agressors mind .
A new inmate needs to come into the system ready to fight and with a strong mind .
He will be approached by a bigger guy who will let him know he 's going to " fight , fuck or pay protection . " . . . .
He will offer the new comer wire ( for a radio antena ) coffee or something so the new comer will come back and the subject will come up every time the new comer comes around and before long the new comer wants to know what the deal is .
They go to a job or fall off in a cell agree to be easy , keep it between them , just do each other , ect .
When the dude get 's the new comer it's over and the dude will tell the new comer he 'll take care of him or he 'll tell everybody he 's just a little bitch . . . .
Should the new comer seek assistance of staff , staff just laughs at him , the physic department just says what do you want me to do .
It 's a no win situation and frustration often leads them to keep up the practice .
— R.B. , Texas ,
10/13/96
Another game is to get an inmate indebted to an inmate give them a week to have your money when they do n't it automatically doubles .
Then the next week you take it out in trade .
Even if the new comer has someone out there that will send the money , by the time they write and the money is sent and posted it 's too late anyway .
This way some will fight some will feel obligated .
[ The games ] are endless but ever so real .
— R.B. , Texas ,
10/13/96
I have been on 3 units on one of the units I have been on , you heard of rapes just about daily on the other 2 though maybe you heard of rape once a month maybe .
The units with the younger offenders seem to carry by far the higher rates of sexual assaults .
— R.B. , Texas ,
10/13/96
Texas does not pay inmates .
Some inmates sell there bodies just for basics like toothpaste , soap , shampoo , tooth brush , deoderant , things others take for granted .
— R.B. , Texas ,
10/13/96
On the younger units I would say you have a rape at least weekly .
From the people I have known in my 10 years I would say about 50 % have been forced to hook up with someone not necessarily for protection but due to survival having necessities or attention .
— R.B. , Texas ,
10/13/96
I would say the bigger prisons allow more rape because of understaffing and the prisons with the younger offenders , not necessarily maximum security .
— R.B. , Texas ,
10/13/96
Even after the gang rape I endured , I was still poorly classified and two violent inmates with a record of violence threatened to sexually assault me and take my store goods .
I tried to fight back , which resulted in my jaw being broke in 3 places .
— K.J. , Georgia ,
10/13/96
The man who is responsible for my rape has a history of this type of behaviour .
He usually preys on young white kids .
His method of approach is lending smokes and drugs to get them in debt and then asks to be repaid .
When the person can't pay he offers to let them have sex , and when they say no , he rapes them .
I do n't know why I was a victim I owed him nothing neither did I associate with him .
Did I turn him on ?
I porbably did , since I was 23 years old at that . . . as they say in prison - - a sweet pretty young thing .
My rape is known throughout the prison system as everyone knows the person who did it and likes to brag about it , so its unsafe for me to be in population as now I am a snitch , a homo and my safety is in jeapordy .
— R.G. , Delaware , 10/17/96
Another type of coerced sex is for the dominant party to first let the intended victim know that he wants to have sex with him , then begin to wear the victim down by constantly leering at him in ways that let the victim know what 's on his mind .
Psychologically the victim eventually begins to believe he is a homosexual and no longer resists .
It 's similar to how a sexual abuse victim , afterward , begins to believe there is something wrong with them that caused the abuse to happen , which causes them to accept part of the responsibility for their abuse .
— P.S. , Texas ,
10/17/96
Being raped in prison is degrading and humiliating .
It tags you as belonging to the inmate who raped you .
One must never talk openly about being raped for fear of being severely beaten or killed .
— M.G. , Oklahoma , 10/19/96
When a person come to prison , if they see fear in their face , or anywhere , they will be easy prey .
— M.O. , Illinois , 10/20/96
While I was being uncuffed at the rec door by Officer W. he made the comment that faggots are sickening and disgusting .
. . .
Inmates see this type of behavior as approval to beat , rape and extort gay men in prison because of the anomosity and hateful attitudes displayed by the state .
— A.H. , Indiana , 10/27/96 ( offender grievance , denied 10/30/96 , with response that " Officer W. states that he at no time mentioned the word fagget " )
On 10 - 21 -96 Officer G. came to get me from rec. . . .
He had the leash wrapped around my waist , then yanked on it spinning me around .
Telling me " move fag . "
I asked him what the hell was his problem .
He shoved me and then yanked on the leash several times in the course of escorting me to my cell .
Then pulled out the mace as though he were to spray me .
He continued calling me a faggot dick sucker throughout this process .
Officer M. witnessed this .
. . .
I have suffered from a lot of abuse in this prison including my rape to this kind of abuse from staff .
I am sick of this treatment .
— A.H. , Indiana , 10/21/96 ( grievance filed , denied with response : " WRONG FORM " )
Older men who have been in here for a long time like Young men because they are more healthy , better looking , and more inexperienced .
The older men like the " power " they have over their victims .
A Younger man is scared , nervous , shy , etc .
He does n't know what to do , so he freezes , get 's very quiet , and allows himself to be victimized .
— R.L. , New York ,
10/21/96
The guards just turn their backs .
Their mentality is the tougher , colder , and more cruel and inhuman a place is , the less chance a person will return .
This is not true .
The more negative experiences a person goes through , the more he turns into a violent , cruel , mean , heartless individual , I know this to be a fact .
— R.L. , New York ,
10/21/96
Transexuals and homosexuals are for the most part viewed as weak .
One step up from rapist on the social ladder .
Usually considered the property of another inmate .
In prison , male on male sexual relations are viewed differently then those of free - society .
The aggressive person ( male role ) is n't considered a homosexual , or bisexual .
He 's thought of as heterosexual .
Only the passive ( female role ) is considered homosexual or bisexual .
— E.S. , Mississippi , 10/21/96
To begin let me tell you a little about myself .
I am 32 yrs of age , I 'm an American of African decent .
I 'm currently serving a 5 ½ yr sentence for trafficking in stolen property . . . .
I feel I should also add because it has bearing on some of the observations I 'll share with you , I 'm gay and have been since I was aware of my sexuality . . . .
Let me say I believe there are different levels or kinds of rape in prison .
First , there is what I will refer to as " Bodily Force Rape " for lack of a better term .
This is the kind of assault where one or more individuals attack another individual and by beating and subduing him force sex either anal or oral on him .
Second there is what I 'll call Rape By Threat .
An example of this would be , when an individual tells a weaker individual that in order to avoid being assulted by the individual who 's speaking he must submit to his demand for sex .
Third and by far the most common is what I 'll call using a persons fears of his situation to convince him to submit to sex .
I will give you my observations on all these types of assult shortly ; but first I feel I should tell you the people most at risk .
And they are white males usualy slight of build and physicaly atractive , between 17 - 25 yrs of age .
Please note although other ethnic groups such as young blacks and Hispanics have sufferd these indignities it happens to them far far less often than to young whites . . . . .
The last form of " rape , " using a persons fear against him .
Among inmates there is a debate wheather this is in fact rape at all .
In my opinion it is in fact rape .
Let me give you an example of what happens and you decide .
Example : A new inmate arrives .
He has no funds for the things he needs such as soap , junk food , and drugs ( there are a great deal of drugs in prisons ) .
Someone befriends him and tells him if he needs anything come to him .
The new arrival is some times aware , but most times not , that what he is receiving has a 100 % interest rate that is compounded weekly .
When the N.A. is in deep enough the " friend " will tell him he can cover some of his debt by submitting to sex .
This has been the " friend 's " objective from the begining .
To manuver the N.A. into a corner where he 's vulnerable .
Is this rape ?
I think it is .
— B.H. , Florida , 10/22/96
I believe only a minute amount of these incidences get reported ; the individules this happens to live in fear .
In fear of the perpetrators , but even more signifagant , thay fear other people knowing thay 've been victomized in this mannor .
They suffer in silence , think thay are less than men and fearing the world and thair familys will know of thair shame .
— B.H. , Florida , 10/22/96
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
by Keith Robinson
Sometimes the best way to " geek to live " is to not really geek at all .
Or at least not geek around with digital technology .
Yep , sometimes the newest , coolest , digital solution is n't the best way to go .
Shoot , just the other day we gave up on VoIP for a plain old analog phone line .
Advertisement
Sometimes you 've got to go with what works .
More and more I find that when it comes to productivity and Getting Things Done , I 'm leaning on paper - based solutions .
Who needs Web 2.0 when you 've got the most flexible , scalable and reliable solutions around — pencil and paper ?
The power of paper
There are a few distinct advantages paper has over digital .
It 's usually more flexible , which is important when we 're talking about setting up a system to keep yourself organized .
It 's easy to develop for , too — all you need is an idea and a pencil to add , change or remove features .
Advertisement
It 's easier to adapt to many different ways of thinking on paper .
One of my biggest problems with digital organization or management solutions is that it's hard to support multiple working styles .
This can be a real problem when your setting something up for a team of people to use .
Obviously there are some things paper could n't replace .
E-mail , for example , would be a hard one .
But when it comes to organization , time management , planning , design , brainstorming and more simple paper - based solutions can be amazingly powerful and if nothing else a great complement to your digital lifestyle .
Personal organization
How many of you have a Moleskine or a Hipster PDA ?
I bet it 's quite a few of you and I bet most of you see them as one of your favorite tools .
It 's no surprise we 're drawn to these things to keep us organized .
For many of us there are places we do n't want technology to go , and a sexy Moleskine notebook fills in very nicely .
Advertisement
I also make great use of simple manilla folders .
No matter how digital I seem to go , I find that carrying a few of these folders around with me helps me keep organized , de-cluttered and much less stressed .
Time tracking and management
At my company Blue Flavor we 've had all sorts of problems keeping track of our time digitally .
We have n't been able to find a system that works the way we need it to , so we made our own , using paper .
We 've combined time tracking , planning , goal setting , and note taking into one simple sheet of paper that gets filled out and filed weekly .
It 's easy , works great and can be adapted ( for the most part ) to just about any work style .
It even works well with digital solutions .
Advertisement
I challenge you to tell me a time tracking application that can say the same .
If there is one , I 'd love to check it out .
I mean , come on , it doubles as a keyboard protector for my laptop !
How 's that for an API ?
Goal Setting
We 've told you about the Printable CEO and you might guess I 'm a huge fan .
We 've been using this around the office for a long time and while I 'd just love to have a digital version as well , I can't deny the effectiveness of this fancy piece of paper .
We 've actually taken to integrating this with our paper timesheets and now it goes everywhere my computer does .
Advertisement
Another great paper - based solution for goal setting is card sorting .
Write down your goals on a bunch of note cards , group them , sort them and prioritize .
Advertisement
Project management and workflow
We 've talked about paper - based workflow and project management before and I think it 's very interesting .
Advertisement
Paper - based project management workflow Another gem found over at Merlin Mann 's 43 Folders .
This time it 's a link to a thread that talks …
Read more
Project management is tricky no matter how you slice it and while I do n't think paper can replace a digital solution , I do think it can be a great help .
For example , I do much better with printed out project reports , and I love a simple weekly sheet that shows all my projects , their status , hours , etc. on them .
Obviously this would need to be created digitally , but looking at these things on paper is great .
Advertisement
Brainstorming and collaboration
Paper is the only way to brainstorm and get those ideas going .
Some pencils and pens , a notebook ( or Moleskine ) for sketching , construction paper for cutting , constructing and drawing up big ideas and a bunch of post it notes are the perfect tools for getting creative .
The possibilities are almost limitless .
Advertisement
More great uses for paper
Note taking : I 've found , on many occasions , that leaving my laptop behind and taking notes by hand helps me get much more out of a meeting or conference session .
I 've found , on many occasions , that leaving my laptop behind and taking notes by hand helps me get much more out of a meeting or conference session .
Paper Prototyping : For those designers and developers out there who are having problems working out AJax workflows — try paper before you go digital — you might be surprised how much easier it is .
For those designers and developers out there who are having problems working out AJax workflows — try paper before you go digital — you might be surprised how much easier it is .
Design : I start all my designs on paper .
Always have and always will .
It really helps set a good base and can give you rapid concepts in a way a computer probably never will .
Advertisement
Does anyone else have any great paper - based solutions they 'd like to add ?
D. Keith Robinson is an associate editor of Lifehacker .
His special feature Getting To Done appears every Monday on Lifehacker .
‘ Steve TV ’
I was a reluctant convert , to say the least .
When I got the call from my old friend Richard back in late 2005 , he sounded far too enthusiastic about the latest Internet gimmick that was going to “ change my life . ”
Richard , you see , is prone to great enthusiasms , and I was not particularly disposed to listen to his ravings about some Web site called UKNova , which supposedly let him download all kinds of amazing British TV shows completely free of charge .
I relented and signed up for UKNova membership .
The site functions as a “ torrent tracker , ” a skeletal database that allows users to locate and share digital files with other users .
Unlike some previous peer - to - peer content - sharing programs , the files are not located on a Web site or taken from any single source ; they ’re shared among members in the form of tiny digital fragments that are eventually reconstituted , like a completed jigsaw puzzle , as a single file on your desktop .
The operation — which incidentally makes it difficult to sue members of a site like UKNova — is enabled by an ingenious little software application called BitTorrent , a paradigmatic advance in file sharing that has engendered many variants since its 2002 advent .
Loath as I am to admit it , UKNova did change my life — at least as far as my viewing habits are concerned .
After downloading free BitTorrent software , I could use UKNova to procure — slowly at first — television shows that would have hitherto obliged me to beg British friends and relatives to record them for me on VHS ( remember tapes ? ) and send via airmail .
The unalloyed thrill of watching all this downloaded Brit - TV stuff easily outweighed the nagging shame of staring at a computer screen for hours on end .
Mock if you will , but I assure you that this was nothing but top - drawer telly : a typical evening ’s viewing schedule might include an episode of Peter Ackroyd ’s magisterial history of London , the upsetting documentary Rock Family Trees : The Prog Rock Years , and another on postwar British universities that made me feel vindicated for bypassing higher education .
And thanks to the many kind souls who are digitizing their dusty VHS stacks for UKNova dissemination , I ’ve acquired all manner of presumed - lost British TV classics , from the sci - fi mockumentary Alternative 3 to the groovy 1970 kids show Here Come the Double Deckers .
I began storing all my UKNova downloads on blank DVDs — first on spindles of 10 , then 25 , then 50 .
I soon had enough material to program my own TV channel — Steve TV !— for weeks on end ; my Time Warner Cable box was switched on only for live soccer games and weekly HBO favorites .
This UKNova habit went well beyond the recreational - use stage : according to site statistics , I have downloaded a frankly embarrassing 800 gigabytes ’ worth of files — well over 1,500 hours of programming .
And since UKNova expects members to maintain a decent balance between material uploaded and downloaded , my computer stayed connected to the Internet for , more or less , 18 months straight in order to allow other users access to my file fragments .
The cost of two burned - out hard drives seemed like a small price to pay .
Then this BitTorrent junkie discovered that Philips made a DVD player ( Model DVP642 ) that would play , straight from the disc , UKNova files that previously required hours of reprocessing to watch on a standard player .
Which is when I started making over - enthusiastic phone calls to my friends .
Surprisingly , not everyone was receptive to my BitTorrent evangelism — in fact , some went as far as to suggest I had turned into some kind of cyber-criminal .
Sure , I knew that the Motion Picture Association of America claimed worldwide losses of $ 18.2 billion to movie piracy in 2005 , $ 7.1 billion of which was ascribed to Internet file sharing .
And I knew that even though the U.S. government had shut down prominent Internet operations for violating copyright laws —
eDonkey , Grokster , Kazaa — there are now many BitTorrent mega-sites that continue to thrive ; in particular , the Pirate Bay ( The PirateBay.org ) , based in Sweden , stands as probably the prime destination for anyone looking to download , unrestricted , the very latest in Hollywood movies , video games , TV shows , music , software , and pornography .
US Politics
It 's Time to Let the People Amend the US Constitution Congress and powerful elites continue to deny our right to a convention held under Article V of the United States Constitution .
By Joel S. Hirschhorn
Published February 26 , 2007
For over 200 years , Congress has not done what Article V of the United States Constitution says it " shall " do .
Congress has not issued a call for an Article V convention of state delegates to consider constitutional amendments , in response to two - thirds of state legislatures asking for one .
That numeric requirement - the only specified requirement in Article V - has been satisfied , with 50 states submitting over 500 requests .
Such a convention operating under authority of the Constitution would be a fourth , impermanent branch of the federal system , not beholden to the three permanent branches .
That independence has been conjured into a frightening monster so that Americans fear exactly what their revered Constitution gives them the right to have .
Those smart Framers of the Constitution decided that citizens need exactly what the establishment , pro-status quo elitists who run our plutocracy do not want .
There is no uncertainty about what the Framers thought the nation needed .
In crystal - clear language they laid out a two - step process for amending the Constitution .
First , Congress or an Article V convention of state delegates craft proposals for possible amendments .
Second , ratify proposed amendments by three - quarters of the states , either through their legislatures or state conventions , as Congress chooses .
The Framers believed that Americans , acting through large numbers of state legislators , deserved a way to circumvent the excessive power of Congress or its refusal or inability to satisfy sovereign citizens - their bosses .
No role was given to the federal judiciary and executive branch in amending the Constitution .
An Article V convention is a clear threat to the political , social and economic establishment exerting self - serving influence on Congress .
It can put into public debate ideas for amending the Constitution that threaten established political forces , both liberal and conservative .
Acting independently , it can courageously propose amendments without interference from defenders of the status quo .
The Fantastic Nightmare of the Runaway Convention
Not surprisingly , many powerful people and organizations oppose an Article V convention .
How have they brainwashed Americans into fearing such a convention ?
They created the spectre of a " runaway convention " , something to fear on par with physical attack on the nation by foreign enemies or terrorists .
How could something placed into our Constitution to thwart an ineffective federal government be turned on its head to become such a feared threat ?
Clever people grasped a historical fact and extrapolated it into a fantasy nightmare .
America 's first and only constitutional convention was a runaway .
Rather than do what had been planned , namely to modify the Articles of Confederation that first tied the states together , the state delegates constructed what we have for over two hundred years followed : the U.S. Constitution .
Those rascal Framers created a strong federal government that not everyone at the time wanted .
The anti-status quo guys won .
Backstage power brokers have never wanted another convention that might change the political system they expertly corrupt and control .
They have made people believe that a convention could destroy their constitutionally protected rights and freedoms .
Or , equally bad , strange amendments would overturn the structure of our federal government and throw the nation into chaos .
Are There Grounds for Fearing a Convention ?
No .
To the contrary , there are solid reasons for demanding it .
First , there have been many state constitutional conventions and a huge number of amendments to state constitutions .
Look around .
Our states and their governments have not been ruined .
Conventions were not hijacked and turned into weapons .
And the first national constitution convention was hugely successful , even if it was a runaway .
Second , the requirement that three - quarters of the states must ratify any specific amendments produced by an Article V convention provides a safety net .
This is such a high hurdle that no truly awful amendments would survive .
Third , in our modern age of media and Internet communication there would be a solar - bright light on all the convention 's activities , from the election of state delegates to their debates and final amendment proposals .
In fact , this temporary fourth branch of our federal system would be under more public scrutiny and less susceptible to corruption than our present , permanent branches of government .
Fourth , we should reject the indirect way of changing our constitution , namely through interpretations and judgments by those few unelected , political appointees that serve on the Supreme Court .
Plus , as President George W. Bush has demonstrated , a runaway CEO of our nation along with an ineffective Congress can take big bites out of our constitutional rights and protections .
Fifth , while it is true that we have avoided political instability , we have paid a heavy price for it : a permanent culture of corruption , lying and deception that has danced around our constitutional protections and riddled American democracy with hypocrisy .
Sixth , the majority of Americans are independents , not loyal Democrats or Republicans .
Only an Article V convention offers a truly independent route to addressing root problems that the political system under two - party control has allowed to fester .
Seventh , the congressional experience with proposing amendments has shown that though many may be considered , few survive .
Over 11,000 have been considered by Congress , but only 33 reached the ratification phase , and only 27 were ratified , very few in the last 100 years .
( The last amendment was finally ratified in 1992 , 203 years after it was first proposed by Congress ! )
Why should we think that a convention would agree on a huge number of amendments ?
With all America watching , delegates would focus on a few critical amendments likely to be ratified .
Elite Opposition to a Democratic Convention
Few know about The Constitution Project , which " urges restraint in the constitutional amendment process . "
It was formed in 1997 to " oppose the facile rewriting of the U.S. Constitution . "
They fear " unthinking tinkering with fundamental rights and liberties " - actually , conservative amendments on social and fiscal issues .
The group has received funding from The Century Foundation , a liberal group .
The nearly 70 members in the constitutional amendments initiative are true status quo elites .
Many were members of Congress or presidential appointees .
They produced guidelines for evaluating possible amendments that , as discussed in The Second Constitutional Convention by Richard Labunski , were formulated to defeat attempts to amend the Constitution .
On the political right , the John Birch Society has consistently pushed the Big Runaway Lie and said the " prospect [ of a convention ] is ominous . "
" We do not believe that , under today 's mentality and morality , the nation can handle that much sovereignty in one place . "
To support their position , they cite elites .
Conservative U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger said , " there is no effective way to limit or muzzle the actions of a Constitutional Convention .
The Convention could make its own rules and set its own agenda .
Congress might try to limit the Convention to one amendment or to one issue , but there is no way to assure that the Convention would obey . "
Liberal Supreme Court Justice Arthur Goldberg said , " one of the most serious problems Article V poses is a runaway convention .
There is no enforceable mechanism to prevent a convention from reporting out wholesale changes to our Constitution and Bill of Rights .
... [ D]elegates could put a runaway convention in the hands of single - issue groups whose self - interest may be contrary to our national well - being . "
Ardent right - wingers admire what a joint congressional resolution said in 1935 : " The government of the United States is not a concession to the people from some one higher up .
It is the creation and the creature of the people themselves , as absolute sovereigns . "
Yet , they do not trust the people to exercise our sovereignty and be smart enough to make a convention work in the public interest !
There are , luckily , pro-convention advocates .
Listen to the wise words of Judge Thomas Brennan , former Chief Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court and Dean Emeritus and President of Thomas Cooley Law School in Lansing , Michigan : " There is no danger of a runaway convention .
That phrase , ' run­away convention ' , and all the accompanying horror stories about repealing the Bill of Rights are utterly without substance .
They are myths , harmful to democracy , invented by those who are afraid to let the people exercise their historic and God - given right to self government . "
Time for Patriots to Get to Work
Where do we go from here ?
If respect for our Constitution and our sovereign selves prevails , pro-convention patriots must work hard to move the nation towards an Article V convention .
The first battle is to get a convention .
The second battle is to prevent a convention from being abused and co-opted by the power elites that would be out for blood after failing to prevent it from occurring .
A high level of public support is critically needed to win both battles .
To win the first battle , the smart strategy is not to let people become sidetracked about specific possible amendments .
Those who have fostered the Big Runaway Lie will surely posit some terrible possible amendments that would immediately frighten and alienate huge numbers of Americans .
Public fear is their weapon .
In response , we should point out that what we have now is runaway public distrust of government , runaway political disengagement , runaway disgust with both the Republican and Democratic Parties , runaway economic inequality , runaway corruption of government by corporate and other special interests , and runaway mainstream media dysfunction .
The only thing Americans should fear is more of the same .
Powerful elites created public fear of a convention to maintain a system they control .
Do not worry about a convention being hijacked .
Instead , stay focused on this ugly truth : America has already been hijacked by corporate and other special interests on the left and right .
The Supreme Court decides whether laws passed by Congress are constitutional , but it refuses to tell Congress and the nation that Congress ' refusal to call an Article V convention is unconstitutional .
What happened to checks and balances ?
The bitter truth is that literally every individual , group and institution now holding real power opposes a second national constitutional convention .
Does that make the quest for a convention futile ?
Only if one gives up on the large majority of Americans that should , for their own sake and the sake of future generations , want a convention .
Elitists have much to lose .
Everyone else has much to gain .
The fight for American democracy is not over .
Our Founders fought British oppression and now we must fight congressional oppression .
Can nonviolent collective action produce an Article V convention ?
Only if each of us says " yes ! " .
Only if millions of Americans tell state legislatures and congressional delegations that we demand a convention !
Tools may include citizen state petitions on the Internet and thousands of community meetings arranged through websites like meetup.com .
Such activities and a convention itself would provide what many believe the Framers intended to create : a deliberative democracy .
On the occasion of the 200th anniversary of the Constitution , esteemed political scientist James MacGregor Burns warned that " major changes will not be made until there is a severe crisis - at which time we might open the floodgates to reckless constitutional change . "
He advised taking thoughtful action now .
" We must all become framers . "
To keep working on the goal of forming " a more perfect Union " and as a political necessity and a moral obligation , we ought to have a second national constitutional convention , which means we can have one .
Simply put , an Article V convention is all about " power to the people . "
Either you believe in it or you do n't .
The people who created our nation and Constitution believed in it .
They gave us Article V . Our elected mis-representatives in Congress and their masters do n't believe in it .
They wo n't willingly give us a convention .
We have a runaway Congress .
That 's what 's frightening , and that 's why we must fight for a convention .
Joel S. Hirschhorn , Ph.D. , is the author of Sprawl Kills - How Blandburbs Steal Your Time , Health , and Money .
He can be reached through his website : www.sprawlkills.com.
Check out Joel 's new book at www.delusionaldemocracy.com.
1 Comment Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
Interview with Founder of " Council of Ex-Muslims " " Not Possible to Modernize Islam "
Human rights activists have formed a " Central Council of Ex-Muslims in Germany " to help women renounce the Islamic faith if they feel oppressed by its laws .
Its Iranian - born founder Mina Ahadi , under police protection after receiving death threats , talks to DER SPIEGEL about its goals .
Others point out that it 's unlikely such a radical change could be brought about short of revolution .
In these uncertain times nothing should be discounted but it is probably more profitable to look at less radical alternatives .
Some observers , on seeing the idea of negative interest / a money tax , remark that such a currency would have a hard time competing for users if it were to exist in a free market of currencies as it would be less desirable to hold than a currency that became more valuable over time .
There are various other proposals for economic reform .
One which I quite like comes from the New Economics Foundation , whos reports are well worth reading if you 're interested in environmental / sustainable economics .
James Robertsons and Jospeh Hubers 100 - page book , " Creating New Money : A Monetary Reform for the Information Age " , proposes some changes to our economies that could prove handy in a post peak oil world .
When I was young , I thought that money was important .
Now that I am old I know it is .
-- Oscar Wilde
Before we can understand this solution , we need to look at the problem .
The previous posts have dealt primarily with interest , the payment of which encourages conversion of assets into currency , and the charging of which encourages competition and growth .
This is not always bad but for the case of renewable assets like forests , game reserves , farmland etc it can be problematic .
Does interest cause strife outside of clear - cutting a forest or two ?
Yes , it does .
Last time I gave the parable of the Eleventh Round which boiled the situation down to its simplest form - when peoples money is backed by debt , paying off the interest on that debt can require either environmentally destructive expansion or for people turn on each other to get scarce currency .
The villagers ended up in this sad situation because of this part of the story :
" One more thing , " the stranger added .
" In one year 's time I will return and I want each of you to bring me back an extra round , an eleventh round .
That eleventh round is a token of appreciation for the technological improvement I just made possible in your lives . "
In practice of course we do n't have to show some mysterious stranger our gratitude for the existence of money .
In practice , we have to service interest charges on bank loans .
It may appear that this only affects people who are actually in debt to a bank , but that 's not correct because at heart
Money Is Debt
Map of countries by external debt in $ US , from CIA factbook , accessed April 2006 .
I called that out because it 's vital to understanding our problem and where we go now .
The bank notes in your pocket literally represent the debt of somebody else .
If everybody in the world were to pay off all their debts , money would simply disappear with a giant sucking noise .
Loans and Profits
It works this way because of how money is created .
Intuitively , when the money supply needs to be increased you would expect the government to run the printing presses and minting machines to produce lots of coins and notes , which it could then spend into circulation .
In practice , only about 3 % of the money in circulation was created this way .
The rest was simply magicked into existence via the fractional reserve system .
This system is ridiculously convoluted and not something I want to go into here , suffice it to say that new money is created mostly by commercial banks in the form of interest - bearing bank loans .
These loans are not simply re-distributing wealth , rather they are based on the assumption that not everybody will try and withdraw their deposits at once .
Legally , banks can therefore lend out more money than they actually have on deposit and rely on statistics to make it all work - the exact amount they can lend is governed by the reserve ratio , normally around 10 % but in some cases ( such as with the Bank Of England ) it 's not public and varies between commercial banks .
The ability to simply create money can obviously be enormously profitable , and the profit created like this is called seigniorage , defined as " The profit that results from the difference in the cost of printing money and the face value of that money . "
In other words , if you printed $ 100 at a cost of $ 30 ( running the presses ) the seigniorage profit would have been $ 70 .
Because in the 21st century money is usually issued electronically - at zero cost - this results in pure profit for the issuing institution .
It is private commercial banks keeping the seigniorage money that most concerns Robertson and Huber , and they estimate that it causes about $ 115 billion / year to be cornered by the private banks in the USA ( about Â £ 42 billion , or 12 p on income tax in the UK ) .
They suggest that as money is a public good , the benefits from issuing it should also be used for the public good and re-allocated to the government , and they propose a mechanism for doing so in which the ancient fractional reserve system is replaced by a much simpler and more direct system .
But the injustice of the current money supply mechanism is not relevant to us here at The Oil Drum , except perhaps that a wise government could use the money to mitigate the effects of peak oil .
We are more interested in questions like
Does this change improve our long term thinking ?
... and ...
Does this change fix the need of our economy to constantly grow ?
The latter question is especially relevant because in a post peak - oil scenario it is possible - even likely - that our economy will not be growing and actually will need to shrink .
Unfortunately the money needed to pay the interest on the loans that summon money into existence requires the constant creation of yet more money , which combined with a shrinking economy will lead to significant levels of inflation - perhaps even trigger hyperinflation .
So ?
Does their proposal do these things ?
Yes ... I believe it does .
Here 's why .
Seigniorage reform
The basic idea is to end the system whereby money is backed by personal debt , and replace it with debt free money .
Ben Bernanke
US Federal Reserve
Currently , central banks try to control the money supply through a variety of indirect means .
The ultimate lever is the interest rates charged on bank loans - as it gets higher less borrowing and therefore less money creation goes on .
As it gets lower more money is created as the number of loans issued goes up .
If this sounds rather imprecise , well , you 'd be right .
It 's widely agreed amongst economists that altering the interest rate will alter the rate of borrowing and therefore increase in the money supply .
But how quickly does that take effect ?
And by how much ?
What if people do n't respond rationally to higher interest rates ?
Answering these questions is still largely a guessing game .
Robertson and Huber propose a much simpler system , in which the central banks decide by how much the money supply should be changed according to monetary policy ( the details can be found in his report and this is just a summary ) .
If the money supply should grow ( normal in a growing economy ) then the new money is simply issued to the government in the form of a grant .
Literally , it is summoned into existance through the will of the monetary policy committee .
The government then spends this into circulation - either by using it as a form of revenue to fund public services , or simply distributing it evenly throughout the economy to avoid creating " inflation ripples " .
Meanwhile , the right of the commercial banks to issue debt - backed money is revoked and the supply of such money gradually phased out .
The more interesting thing is what happens if the central bank decides the money supply should become steady or shrink .
Under the present system the only recourse would be to raise interest rates by a huge amount to try and compel the banks to slow borrowing - unfortunately as Stuart has demonstrated this could be rather unlucky for the poor forests ( assuming a commensurate rise in interest rates for savers ) .
But after seigniorage reform , the money supply can be shrunk simply by either halting the flow of new money to the government ( over a period of years to allow time for budgetary adjustments ) and then by cancelling money raised from the economy via taxation .
By using a more direct system , and by issuing money free of interest charges , there is no longer a constant need to grow the economy in order to pay back the interest on the currency .
Because the people deciding how much to issue are independent of the government , the profit motive for over - issuing currency is eliminated .
It becomes possible to shrink the money supply without triggering collapse .
The proposed system has many other benefits , and I 've chosen to only look at economic stability in a steady - state or shrinking world .
If you want to learn more I 'd definitely suggest the report , it 's quite easy to read even for non-economists .
" We should treat these ideas like any other research and get into the mind - set of taking them seriously , " said Ralph J. Cicerone , president of the National Academy of Sciences in Washington .
The plans and proposed studies are part of a controversial field known as geoengineering , which means rearranging the earth 's environment on a large scale to suit human needs and promote habitability .
Dr. Cicerone , an atmospheric chemist , will detail his arguments in favor of geoengineering studies in the August issue of the journal Climatic Change .
Practicing what he preaches , Dr. Cicerone is also encouraging leading scientists to join the geoengineering fray .
In April , at his invitation , Roger P. Angel , a noted astronomer at the University of Arizona , spoke at the academy 's annual meeting .
Dr. Angel outlined a plan to put into orbit small lenses that would bend sunlight away from earth — trillions of lenses , he now calculates , each about two feet wide , extraordinarily thin and weighing little more than a butterfly .
In addition , Dr. Cicerone recently joined a bitter dispute over whether a Nobel laureate 's geoengineering ideas should be aired , and he helped get them accepted for publication .
The laureate , Paul J. Crutzen of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Germany , is a star of atmospheric science who won his Nobel in 1995 for showing how industrial gases damage the earth 's ozone shield .
His paper newly examines the risks and benefits of trying to cool the planet by injecting sulfur into the stratosphere .
The paper " should not be taken as a license to go out and pollute , " Dr. Cicerone said in an interview , emphasizing that most scientists thought curbing greenhouse gases should be the top priority .
But he added , " In my opinion , he 's written a brilliant paper . "
The ' Fire upper management ' debate over at Mini- microsoft Monday , March 27 , 2006
First , dig in and have a good read in the comments over at Mini-microsoft : Vista 2007 .
Fire the leadership now !.
It 's a good read , though with over 450 + comments , it can be a bit time consuming .
While reading the comments , and also the ones in the slashdot threads Windows Vista 5342 screenshots and Microsoft 's Not So Happy Family , I started to wonder about some things , which in general come down to the software engineering process coupled to the inevitable sales force .
First of all , Vista seems to be completed with a bottom up scenario : it 's done when all the components which form Vista are done .
( source ) .
I do n't get this .
Ok , I get the necessity of finishing all components which make up the product you want to ship , but what I do n't get is that the OS is sold as a large box of tiny components .
Anyone who has ever installed a modern Linux distro knows the difference : during the install , you 're presented with a list of components ( applications if you will ) which you can install as well , ranging from shells to management tools to wordprocessors .
The stuff you select is downloaded from the internet during the installation ( or distribution point , which can be a server in your network ) , or if you downloaded everything up front , read from the DVD / CD , however it 's the internet connection that 's the key here .
It does n't stop there .
After you 've installed the OS , you can access that list ( and extend it with different sources on the web as well ) at any time and select new apps to download , updates to install or to uninstall software if you want to .
Everything is checked for dependencies so it's a click - click - go process ( you can also wet yourself from the command line but why bother ) .
Why does n't Microsoft use this approach ?
And I mean : have users download additional components from within the OS with a nice UI .
Even commercial software .
Want a wordprocessor ?
Pay the $ $$ with your creditcard and you 're good to go .
The advantage of this is huge :
The initial installed OS is slim and therefore can be shipped much easier .
You can create a whole new revenue stream for commercial downloads , or from people who want to offer their products via the generic distribution channel .
You cut out the middle man : software is bought via the web
Subscription model subscribers now have more value for money as the list of components to download is updated on a very regular basis , not once in the n years
Piracy can be limited , as downloading of components can only be done from legal OS installs .
There 's something in windows called Windows Catalog , however it 's not integrated inside the OS like the apt - get based systems in Linux ( or equivalents ) .
Heck , when I installed Suse 10 , I downloaded the boot iso ( 23 MB or so ) and installed via the internet from a trusted FTP server .
What 's interesting in this context is that in the game industry , more and more voices are heard that the shrinkwrapped model will die soon , with Valve 's distribution system ' Steam ' as a good example ( which happens to be a company founded by ex-Microsofties , ironically enough )
Second of all , Vista seems to need top hardware to run with every bell and whistle (r ? ) it has : the screenshots of build 5342 show a rating system , and the guy running the build does n't really have a slow system but still gets a low rating .
( See this slashdot post for a discussion on it , complete with link to MSDN docs for more clarification ) .
Now , I do n't know about you , but whatever Microsoft puts between my applications and my hardware , the last thing I want it to do is to eat more cycles and resources away from my applications than it has to .
My Amiga 500 with 1MB ram and a 7.16MHz processor was perfectly capable of task - switching the cr*p out of different threads / processes , so it 's not the core - OS that needs all that power .
So what eats away the cycles ?
Frankly , I have no idea .
Though I do know this :
If the OS on my system requires me to upgrade my hardware , something fishy is going on , because it 's the world upside - down .
This slashdot post words it perfectly .
For people who refuse to read posts on slashdot , I 'll quote the beef below .
Everytime the OS forces a hardware upgrade on people we 're moving away from app 's driving user computational requirements to being driven by the thing which is just supposed to manage all the bits of a PC - not mint money for the hardware manufactures .
There .
Admitted , buying hardware and not using it to its full capacity is a waste of money , however , if the OS needs the hardware to run properly , what 's left for my applications ?
More or Less than what 's left when I run Windows XP ? if ( less ) { Vista.PutBackOnShelve( ) ;} , I can tell you that .
I want my hardware to put to work for my applications , not my OS .
I 'm not kidding with my Amiga remark above .
An OS kernel is n't something which has to be slow , and Vista 's kernel likely is n't slow but very fast .
It 's the cruft that 's coming with it that eats the cycles away , and MS should re-think their strategy in that area : the people who want to have their hardware working overtime to just render Windows Explorer , let them buy the stuff that offers them that possibility .
For the people who just want the OS to be the moderator between resources and processes , between hardware and software , let there be a way to purchase that OS without the bells / whistles .
How it 's going now is that the OS is starting to become ( or already has become ) an application on its own .
And IMHO that 's a bad thing .
If the effectively amount of raw computer power left to my applications under Vista is roughly the same as it was under Windows 2000 on a P3-933 , what have we won in all those years ?
IMHO not much besides pretty pictures and shiny mirrors .
But trust me , shiny mirrors and pretty pictures do n't get the job done you have to do .
So what should be done ?
I do n't work for MS , though reading the comments over at mini ( also in other threads ) is that there are two things which need to change :
People have to feel connected with what they produce again .
The product they work on , be it a developer or a manager , has to be their child , their life .
Again , just an observation from the comments there .
, their life .
Again , just an observation from the comments there .
Products produced by Microsoft have to be created for customers who actually exist , and the way the products work and feel has to be driven by what customers want , not what sells the product according to Marketing .
You know why ?
Because in the end , users do n't pay for software which does n't give them real value .
The days of selling software which looks great but does the same job as the stuff you 're been working with for the past 2 - 5 years are over .
Software vendors have to deliver or go back to the drawing board .
Of course I have no illusions in this context , I 'm pretty sure a large group of people will say they 'll be very happy with Vista .
However it depends to be seen if that happyness is based on the lack of knowledge what they 're missing or the result of a fine piece of engineering that 's shipped under the name ' Vista ' .
For cells that hold so much promise , stem cells ’ potential has so far gone largely untapped .
But new research from Rockefeller University and Howard Hughes Medical Institute scientists now shows that adult stem cells taken from skin can be used to clone mice using a procedure called nuclear transfer .
The findings are reported in the Feb. 12 online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Caption : Using a technique called nuclear transfer , mice were cloned using adult skin stem cells ( right ) and a more differentiated type of skin cell ( left ) .
The mouse on the right is almost two years old and the mouse on the right is one and a half .
Credit : Jinsong Li , Postdoc in the Mombaerts Laboratory , Rockefeller University
Embryonic stem cells have received the most press for their potential to generate healthy cells and tissues that could replace damaged or diseased organs .
“ Scientists are well - aware that tissue derived from someone else ’s embryonic stem cells would be recognized as foreign and rejected by the patient , ” says senior co-author Elaine Fuchs , the Rebecca Lancefield Professor at Rockefeller and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator .
“ This is one of the reasons why scientists have focused so much attention toward using nuclear transfer , which would allow us to use adult stem cells from the same patient rather than those harvested from an unrelated embryo . ”
Fuchs and her colleagues tested the method in adult stem cells taken from the skin of mice .
Using purification methods developed in Fuchs ’ Laboratory of Mammalian Cell Biology and Development , postdocs Valentina Greco and Géraldine Guasch isolated stem cells from the mice ’s hair follicles .
They gave these stem cells to Jinsong Li , a postdoc in Rockefeller ’s Laboratory of Developmental Biology and Neurogenetics , headed by senior co-author Peter Mombaerts .
To execute the nuclear transfer procedure , Li took unfertilized mouse oocytes and replaced the nucleus of each oocyte with a nucleus from these adult skin stem cells .
A main hurdle in nuclear transfer with adult cells has been its efficiency — out of a hundred attempts , only a handful may succeed — with reported success rates never reaching into double digits .
“ The efficiency of nuclear transfer is very low , ” says Li . “ Using purified adult skin stem cells as our source of nuclei , we have found that higher nuclear transfer efficiencies can be achieved . ”
Greco , Guasch and Li compared the cloning efficiency of adult skin stem cells with that of more differentiated skin cells and also with cumulus cells — the cells that surround a developing oocyte and have traditionally been the preferred cell type for nuclear transfer .
The stem cells gave the best efficiency , yielding 19 pups , nine of which grew up into normal , healthy , breeding adult mice .
This is not the first time scientists have tried to use adult stem cells to clone mice .
Experiments using adult hematopoetic stem cells — the cells in the bone marrow that all blood cells are derived from — were reported last year .
But their conclusions were confusing , says Mombaerts , and there are no reports on using adult stem cells for reproducible cloning of mice that survive until adulthood .
By using cells from the same mouse and performing the experiments on the two successive days , the Rockefeller scientists could directly compare adult stem cells with other cell types .
Nuclear transfer can also be used to make embryonic stem cell lines , a process which can be done in a tissue culture dish and which is simpler and more efficient than generating a cloned mouse .
Although this procedure has not yet successfully generated human embryonic stem cell lines , once technological hurdles are overcome , it may be possible in the future to use a patient ’s skin stem cells to tailor make embryonic stem cell lines , circumventing the problem of immune rejection .
Such stem cells might also be used to study a variety of different diseases , for which patient tissue is often hard to come by .
“ There are many diseases , such as liver , pancreatic and neurodegenerative disorders where researchers are only able to obtain affected tissue from autopsies , ” says Fuchs .
If on the other hand , scientists are able to generate embryonic stem cells from the skin of a patient , for example an Alzheimer ’s patient , these embryonic stem cells might be used in the laboratory to enable scientists to generate neurons and study the neurodegenerative process .
Source : Rockefeller University
Dane Cook is easily one of the biggest comedians of our current time .
In his newest stand up , Vicious Circle , it ’s not hard to tell how large of a fan - base he has with a crowd practically the size of the Dodger ’s Stadium .
Yet watching him run around on stage , flailing his arms in the air to get his joke across to the 36,000 fans who saw him perform that night , is nothing short than a dull , humorless bore .
But just because he has such a great amount of enthusiasts does n’t necessarily mean he ’s actually funny .
It also does n’t mean he ’s popular amongst the comedian ’s own “ inner - circle . ”
He has been accused of stealing material on more than one occasion and is looked at by other comics as a pompous thief who lacks any actual material .
Dane Cook is nothing but eye candy .
He pulls in his crowds with vivid actions , loud and obnoxious slapstick behavior , smooth talking , and good looks .
I would n’t be surprised if 90 % of his fans were unsavvy females .
He is prone to consistently repeating himself and etching out into different directions with his erratic sense of comedy .
Cook is nothing more than overrated and in his case he can walk the walk but he just simply can’t talk the talk .
Dane Cook does n’t sell his jokes .
Hell , he does n’t even have jokes .
He ’s simply selling his edgy boy band - esque image .
Dane Cook ’s Vicious Circle hosted by Dailymotion .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Wednesday November 22 2006
At security posts dotted around the fields between the Jura mountains and Lake Geneva scientists are installing hi-tech retina scans above shafts descending 80 m down - and leading to the largest scientific instrument ever built .
The machine is being bolted together inside a tunnel 17 miles ( 27 km ) long , and when the power is thrown on next year it will recreate conditions unknown for 14bn years since the extraordinary fireball that marked the beginning of the universe - the big bang which blasted time and space into existence .
In the coming months engineers using cranes will lower sections of detectors weighing several thousand tonnes into caverns carved within the tunnel .
They will wire in some of the world 's largest magnets and test run the machine 's computer , built to handle a torrent of data equivalent to 150 times the content of the world wide web each year .
The machine , the Large Hadron Collider at Cern , Europe 's particle physics laboratory , in Switzerland , was commissioned as a £ 4.2 bn sledgehammer to crack some of the most compelling mysteries of the universe .
Britain 's stake in the project is enormous .
This year alone £ 78 m will be channelled into the experiment , where 600 British physicists are based .
The project may prise open extra dimensions and create baby black holes ; it may reveal enigmatic " dark energy " that drives the expansion of the universe .
It should certainly discover what some call the " God particle " , finally answering the embarrassingly simple but elusive question of why things have mass .
In 1993 science minister William Waldegrave was so stumped by the notion of a God particle - correctly known as Higgs boson after the Edinburgh University physicist Peter Higgs who proposed it - that he offered a bottle of champagne to anyone who could explain it on one side of A4 .
The winning entry used the analogy of Margaret Thatcher gathering hangers - on as she moved through a cocktail party , to explain how Higgs bosons make other particles heavy by clinging to them like treacle .
Finding the Higgs boson will confirm scientists ' most complete theory of the universe and the matter from which it is created .
" It 's probably the closest to God that we 'll get , " said Jos Engelen , Cern 's chief scientist .
Inside the collider vanishingly small protons , the particles at the heart of every atom , will be propelled to nearly the speed of light and slammed into other protons hurtling the other way .
By the time they collide each proton will pack as much punch as a 400 - tonne train travelling at 120 m ph .
Every second an estimated 800 m head - on collisions are expected , each unleashing a shower of subatomic debris for scientists to sift through .
Although the elusive Higgs particle may be created in collisions every day it will take enormous skill to spot them .
Their existence is fleeting , each lasting less than a thousandth of a billionth of a billionth of a second .
Scientists will use the enormous 7,000 - tonne Atlas detector , which sits inside a cavern large enough to house the nave of Westminster Abbey , to pick up other particles that can only be created when a Higgs boson vanishes from existence .
Other experiments will veer sharply into what has previously been the realm of science fiction .
Some scientists believe the universe has more dimensions than the ones we know about .
In one extra dimension gravity is believed to be exceptionally strong .
If the collider momentarily wedges extra dimensions open , it could release a powerful tug of gravity that compresses matter so much it creates a miniature black hole .
Cern officials are keen to point out that there is no reason to be alarmed by artificial black holes .
" You should not deduce that we are ready to build a black hole and Cern along with the planet will disappear , although this is a letter I receive every week , " said Robert Aylmar , head of Cern .
Other detectors will investigate a theory called supersymmetry which predicts that there is a heavy invisible twin for every particle in the universe and which could explain why 90 % of the material in the universe appears to be " missing " - a mystery that led scientists to name it " dark matter " .
Valuable spin - offs from past research include the world wide web and the most advanced medical scanners found in hospitals .
Professor Engelen admits there is no practical benefit in finding the Higgs Boson .
" Even in my wildest imagination I can't think of this discovery having a practical application , but setting ourselves that goal , doing something so exceptionally difficult , has required us to be innovative technology - wise .
I can very easily sell the idea of new and fundamental science using that argument , even though the Higgs itself is not going to let you make a better toothpaste , " he said .
Mr Maliki was not his alliance 's first choice as prime minister
In an extensive interview with a US newspaper , Mr Maliki said he would certainly not be seeking a second term .
A compromise choice , his tenure has been plagued by factional strife within both the country and government , and rumours the US has no faith in him .
" I wish I could be done with it even before the end of this term , " he said .
" I did n't want to take this position , " he told the Wall Street Journal .
" I only agreed because I thought it would serve the national interest , and I will not accept it again . "
Undermined
Mr Maliki , a stalwart of the Shia movement which led the resistance to Saddam Hussein , was sworn in as prime minister for a four year term last May after Sunni and Kurd parties rejected the Shia alliance 's first nominee .
It followed four months of political deadlock .
This was supposed to be a uniting event between Shia and Sunni , but instead it proved to be quite damaging
Mouwaffaq al - Rubaie
Iraqi National Security Adviser
Papers fear Iraq tensions PM ' bidding for US support '
The manner in which Saddam Hussein was executed has also increased the pressure on Mr Maliki 's government .
Correspondents say mobile phone footage showing the former Iraqi leader being taunted as he went to the gallows will make it very hard for Baghdad to convince Sunni Arabs that his execution was not just an act of retaliation against their community by Shias .
Iraq 's National Security Adviser , Mouwaffaq al - Rubaie , said the shouting was " unprofessional , disgusting and should n't have happened " .
" This was supposed to be a uniting event between Shia and Sunni , " Mr Rubaie told Sky TV , adding that Iraq 's government would punish those found to be involved .
As protests continued against Saddam Hussein 's execution , the Sunni Baath Party announced it had appointed his former deputy , Izzat Ibrahim al - Douri , as its new leader .
Amid the controversy , the US military spokesman in Iraq , Maj - Gen William Caldwell , said the execution would have been handled differently if the US had been involved .
He said US forces had handed " physical control " of Saddam Hussein to Iraqi officials shortly before the execution and all US personnel had left the prison .
Clashing with Washington
Mr Maliki has had a tense relationship with the US .
Late last year , the New York Times published a memo from the White House national security adviser which contained a withering analysis of his leadership .
A leaked memo suggested the US had doubts in Mr Maliki
Mr Maliki has made his own impatience with Washington clear , accusing the US of failing to provide adequate equipment and training to Iraqi forces .
He repeated his criticism in the Wall Street Journal , saying US - led forces and the Iraqi army had been too slow in responding to the insurgency .
" This gives the terrorists a chance to hit and run , " he said .
" What is happening in Iraq is a war of gangs and a terrorist war .
That is why it needs to be confronted with a strong force and with fast reaction . "
In the interview , conducted a week before Saddam Hussein was executed , Mr Maliki told the paper he had faith that peace would eventually be restored to Iraq .
" I have a strong hope .
If I did n't have hope , I would n't be here today . "
A quip by John Kerry in which he told a young audience that securing a good education would avoid them getting " stuck in Iraq " has been seized upon by Republican attack dogs as election fodder .
The Senator 's comment killed nobody but when Bush joked about not finding WMD in Iraq , he was making light of 655,00 dead victims and nearly 3,000 dead troops - but the media barely battered an eyelid and Bush never apologized .
White House propagandist Tony Snow , taking the bait from a fellow Fox News alumni , waxed lyrical today about how Kerry should immediately apologize for his comments , hours after he had already done so .
House Majority Leader and predator Foley protectionist John Boehner promised Fox News ' Jon Gibson he would " beat Kerry to death " if he did n't apologize for his joke .
When Gibson asked Boehner how long the issue could rumble on and if it could impact the election , Boehner replied , " maybe long enough . "
Keith Olbermann and a Washington
Post reporter were in no doubt that the entire farce was a distraction and a desperate last gasp campaign ploy that was deliberately manufactured by the GOP .
They pointed out what any rational thinking person could deduce from Kerry 's comments - that he was attacking the foundation and prosecution of the war , not the mental capacity of those unfortunate enough to be there fighting it .
But where was the outcry when George W. Bush chuckled and guffawed at the fact that his administration concocted the most lurid propaganda since Joseph Goebbels and used it to deceive the American people into acquiescing to a never - ending war that has destroyed a nation and left hundreds of thousands dead and destitute ?
Where was Bush 's apology after he ridiculed the supposed purpose , mission and raison d'etre of nearly 3,000 mother 's sons who marched to war on a tissue of lies and came back in flag - draped coffins ?
At the 60th annual dinner of the Radio and Television Correspondents ' Association in March 2004 , Bush narrated a slideshow of images that showed him puzzled looking around the Oval Office , under tables and behind doors .
" Those weapons of mass destruction have got to be here somewhere , " he mused .
" No , no weapons over there . "
" Maybe under here ? , " Bush chuckled as fat vacuous Republican stooges in the audience smacked their lips amidst fits of laughter and applause for their gracious leader .
Two and a half years later and Bush has failed to apologize for his WMD joke , failed to admit the error of his ways in giving a one finger salute to the crying wives , mothers and daughters who never saw their heroes return home .
Recall also what elitist luminary and still reputed Bush advisor Henry Kissinger said about the troops .
" Military men are dumb , stupid animals to be used as pawns for foreign policy . "
That sums up the entire attitude of the Neo - Con overlords and their arrogance in sacrificing human lives on a whim for an imperial agenda but then crying wolf when Kerry merely hints at the fact that joining the army may not be such a bright idea when a Bush is in office .
Civilisation has a new enemy .
He is a former coca grower called Evo Morales , who is currently the president of Bolivia .
Yesterday he stood before the European parliament to explain why he had sent troops to regain control of his country 's gas and oil fields .
Bolivia 's resources , he says , have been " looted by foreign companies " , and he is reclaiming them for the benefit of his people .
Last week , he told the summit of Latin American and European leaders in Vienna that the corporations which have been extracting the country 's fossil fuels would not be compensated for these seizures .
You can probably guess how this has gone down .
Tony Blair urged him to use his power responsibly , which is like Mark Oaten lecturing the Pope on sexual continence .
Condoleezza Rice accused him of " demagoguery " .
The Economist announced that Bolivia was " moving backwards " .
The Times , in a marvellously haughty leader , called Morales " petulant " , " xenophobic " and " capricious " , and labelled his seizure of the gas fields " a gesture as childish as it is eye - catching " .
Never mind that the privatisation of Bolivia 's gas and oil in the 1990s was almost certainly illegal , as it took place without the consent of congress .
Never mind that - until now - its natural wealth has only impoverished its people .
Never mind that Morales had promised to regain national control of Bolivia 's natural resources before he became president , and that the policy has massive support among Bolivians .
It ca n't be long before Donald Rumsfeld calls him the new Hitler and Bush makes another speech about freedom and democracy being threatened by freedom and democracy .
This huffing and puffing is dressed up as concern for the people of Bolivia .
The Financial Times fretted about the potential for " mismanagement and corruption " .
The Economist warned that while the government " may get richer , its people are likely to grow even poorer " .
The Times lamented that Morales had " set back Bolivia 's development by 10 years or so ... the most vulnerable groups will find that an economic lifeline is soon removed from their reach " .
All this is humbug .
Four days before Morales seized the gas fields - on May 1 - an even bigger expropriation took place in an even poorer country : the African republic of Chad .
When the Chadian government reasserted control over its oil revenues , not only did it ensure that an intended lifeline for the poor really was removed from their reach , but it also brought the World Bank 's claims to be using oil as a social welfare programme crashing down in flames .
So how did all those bold critics of Morales respond ?
They did n't .
The whole hypocritical horde of them looked the other way .
The World Bank decided to fund Chad 's massive oil scheme in 2000 , after extracting a promise from the government of Idriss Deby - which has a terrible human rights record - that the profits would be used for the benefit of the country 's people .
Deby 's administration passed a law allocating 85 % of the government 's oil revenues to education , health and development , and placing 10 % " in trust for future generations " .
This , the bank said , amounted to " an unprecedented system of safeguards to ensure that these revenues would be used to finance development in Chad " .
Without the World Bank , the project could not have gone ahead .
It was asked to participate by Exxon , the leading partner in the project , to provide insurance against political risk .
The bank 's different lending arms stumped up a total of $ 333 m , and the European Investment Bank threw in another $ 120 m .
The oil companies ( Exxon , Petronas and Chevron ) started drilling 300 wells in the south of the country , and building a pipeline to a port in Cameroon , which opened in 2003 .
Environmentalists predicted that the pipeline would damage the rainforests of Cameroon and displace the indigenous people who lived there ; that the oil companies would consume much of Chad 's scarce water and that an influx of oil workers would be accompanied by an influx of Aids .
They also argued that subsidising oil companies in the name of social welfare was a radical reinterpretation of the bank 's mandate .
As long ago as 1997 , the Environmental Defence Fund warned that the government of Chad would not keep its promises to use the money for alleviating poverty .
In 1999 , researchers from Harvard Law School examined the law the government had passed , and predicted that the authorities " have little intention of allowing it to affect local practice " .
In 2000 , the oil companies gave the government of Chad a " signing bonus " of $ 4.5 m , which it immediately spent on arms .
Then , at the beginning of 2006 , it simply tore up the law it had passed in 1998 .
It redefined the development budget to include security , seized the fund set aside for future generations , and diverted 30 % of the total revenues into " general spending " , which , in Chad , is another term for guns .
The World Bank , embarrassed by the fulfilment of all the predictions its critics had made , froze the revenues the government had deposited in London and suspended the remainder of its loans .
The Chadian government responded by warning that it would simply shut down the oil wells .
The corporations ran to daddy ( the US government ) and , on April 27 , the bank caved in .
Its new agreement with Chad entitles Deby to pretty well everything he has already taken .
The World Bank 's attempts to save face are almost funny .
Last year , it said that the scheme was " a pioneering and collaborative effort ... to demonstrate that large - scale crude oil projects can significantly improve prospects for sustainable long - term development " .
In other words , it was a model for oil - producing countries to follow .
Now it tells us that the project in Chad was " less a model for all oil - producing countries than a unique solution to a unique challenge " .
But , however much it wriggles , it cannot disguise the fact that the government 's reassertion of control is a disaster both for the bank and for the impoverished people it claimed to be helping .
Since the project began , Chad has fallen from 167th to 173rd on the UN 's human development index , and life expectancy there has dropped from 44.7 to 43.6 years .
If , by contrast , Morales does as he has promised and uses the extra revenues from Bolivia 's gas fields in the same way as Hugo Chávez has used the money from Venezuela 's oil , the result is likely to be a major improvement in his people 's welfare .
So , on the one hand , you have a man who has kept his promises by regaining control over the money from the hydrocarbon industry , in order to use it to help the poor .
On the other , you have a man who has broken his promises by regaining control over the money from the hydrocarbon industry , in order to buy guns .
The first man is vilified as irresponsible , childish and capricious .
The second man is left to get on with it .
Why ?
Well , Deby 's actions do n't hurt the oil companies .
Morales 's do .
When Blair and Rice and the Times and all the other apologists for undemocratic power say " the people " , they mean the corporations .
The reason they hate Morales is that when he says " the people " , he means the people .
· The references for this and all George Monbiot 's recent columns can be found at www.monbiot.com
Story Highlights • NEW : Staff says tests rule out stroke , heart attack
• Senator undergoing more tests , will remain hospitalized overnight , aide says
• If Democrat Johnson could not serve , GOP governor could name replacement
• Johnson has been a South Dakota senator since 1996
Adjust font size :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Sen . Tim Johnson , D - South Dakota , was hospitalized Wednesday after he suffered stroke - like symptoms in his Washington office , his staff said .
Johnson , who turns 60 on December 28 , was taken to George Washington University Hospital by ambulance about 11:30 a.m. , sources in his office said .
A statement issued by Johnson 's office said he was suffering from a " possible stroke . "
But a spokeswoman later said that tests showed Johnson had suffered neither a stroke nor a heart attack , although it was not clear what had happened .
( Listen to Johnson 's difficulty speaking during a WNAX radio interview -- MP3 , 749 kb )
Julianne Fisher , a spokeswoman for Johnson , told CNN he was still undergoing tests and will stay hospitalized overnight , but she would not characterize his condition .
" We 're taking one day at a time , " Fisher said , " saying a lot of prayers and waiting until morning . "
Staff members said that Johnson was conscious when he was taken to the hospital .
Fisher said Johnson was in the Capitol Wednesday morning conducting a conference call with South Dakota reporters when " his speech pattern slipped off . "
She said the senator was able to walk back to his office in the Hart Senate Office Building , then began having problems with his right arm .
He thought he was all right , she said , and went to his desk , but came out a few minutes later and " it was apparent he needed help . "
Staffers put him on a couch in the office and called the Capitol doctor , she said .
He was taken to the hospital shortly afterward .
His wife , in the office to have lunch with him , rode with him , Fisher said .
A lawyer and longtime state lawmaker , Johnson was first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1986 .
He served five terms before he was elected to the Senate in 1996 .
He is the senior senator from South Dakota and serves on numerous committees , including appropriations , budget , banking , energy and natural resources , and Indian affairs .
Should Johnson not be able to complete his term , which ends in 2008 , South Dakota Gov. Mike Rounds , a Republican , could appoint his replacement , which could shift the balance of power in the Senate .
South Dakota Secretary of State Chris Nelson said the appointment would fill the vacancy until a general election could be held in November 2008 .
There are no restrictions on who the governor can appoint , beyond meeting the legal requirements for Senate membership , he said .
Johnson battled prostate cancer in 2004 , and after surgery , tests showed he no longer had the disease , according to his Web site .
Matthew Heusser explores ideas in software development and knowledge work using critical thinking - mostly with an agile and testing slant
Negative CAPTCHA
The CouchDb demos were getting slammed by spammers , so today Jan put in something that 's kind of like a CAPTCHA , but almost the exact opposite .
It 's a neat idea , instead of asking the user to prove he 's human , it instead tricks the spam bot into revealing it 's a bot .
It does this with a email field that is hidden from the user by CSS .
When a human user fills out the form , the hidden field will always be blank .
But when filled out by a spam bot , it does n't know the field is supposed to be hidden , so it adds a bogus email address and submits the form .
When the back - end code sees the email in the posting , it knows the email was filled in by a bot and ignores the whole submission .
The beauty is it requires no intervention from the end user , no extra steps , no UI clutter and no false positives .
Though this technique likely wo n't work on big community sites ( for long ) , it will work just fine for most smaller sites .
Very clever .
Update :
Ned has written a great article about this and related anti-spam techniques .
Posted January 17 , 2007 2:49 PM
Jeremy Ruston ’s absolutely fabulous TiddlyWiki triggered quite a few interventions recently .
Here is a list of wikis I stumbled upon that adapt / extend / enhance / build upon it :
ZiddlyWiki [ timmorgan.org/ZiddlyWiki/] by Tim Morgan
[ ZiddlyWiki ] provides server - side storage of the wiki ( tiddler ) content by combining the power of TiddlyWiki with Zope .
ZiddlyWiki is unique from other TW adaptations ( I think ) since it does n’t modify any of the TiddlyWiki code ; it just overrides specific JavaScript functions to achieve the desired result .
All the overridden code is provided in a separate JavaScript file , and the original TiddlyWiki empty .
html file is uploaded into Zope unmodified .
This makes tracking TW enhancements and bug fixes easier , because ZiddlyWiki is less like a project fork and more like a pluggable backend .
Kinda .
Zope is an open source content management framework based on Python , so an average dummy webhost might not support it ( mine does n’t ) , but if yours does : ZiddlyWiki has a some more cool features :
OnDemandLoading – Tiddlers are only fetched on demand rather than all - at - once
TiddlerRevisions – the last 15 revisions of the tiddler can be restored
ImportExport – ZiddlyWiki can be exported to and imported from a TiddlyWiki file ( hybrid online / offline setup )
—
TiddlyWikiRemote by Dan Phiffer
this one adds :
ServerSide saving of Tiddlers ( via RSS )
) SaveHistory – previous revisions of the tiddlers can be restored
—
Qwiki Web [ personal.psu.edu/staff/a/c/ach12/tiddlywiki/] by AlanHecht
The purpose of this adaptation is to improve the look and feel of TiddlyWiki when used as the basis for a public web site .
this one adds :
LanguageOverlay – for setting your own text and language for all buttons and messages
ColorThemes – which make customizing the look QwikiWeb very easy
UserMode – to set the level of difficulty for the display interface
EditMode – e.g. to hide the ‘ edit ’ button from the Wiki
ExcludeFromSearch – allows you to block specific tiddlers from showing up in the search results
HidingTiddlers – to hide special tiddlers
—
TagglyWiki [ informationality.com/tagglywiki/tagglywiki.html ] and GTDTagglyWiki [ informationality.com/gtdtagglywiki/gtd_tagglywiki.html ] by Jody
The modification adds non-hierarchical organisation of Tiddlers through tags .
( tags have been integrated in TiddlyWiki now though )
—
TiddlyTagWiki by Jonny LeRoy
The main functional change from the original TiddlyWiki is the introduction of TiddlyTags – allowing you to categorise your Tiddlers in an ad hoc manner .
I ’ve also updated the LookAndFeel and layout to suit my Flickr obsessed taste .
Other small changes include the automatic saving of the current layout to the OptionsCookie rather than using the DefaultTiddlers .
Though they are still used if no layout is set in the OptionsCookie .
You can now also select to view the TimeLine filtered to just show Tiddlers that you ’ve modified .
This has been commented out for now since it is n’t configurable and if you have n’t edited anything then nothing will appear in the timeline .
If you UseTheSource then you can put this filter back in ;-)
—
MyWiki by Henrik Aasted Sorensen
This extension contains a server - side component , which allows for easy saving and deletion of entries .
The Wiki is stored in plain text on the server , so no database is reqired .
—
PHPTiddlyWiki [ patrickcurry.com / tiddly / ]
Patrick Curry
PhpTiddlyWiki is a brand new kind of Wiki .
It combines the awesome front - end of TiddlyWiki with a new PhP / MySql backend .
—
DirtyWaterWiki [ dirtywaterdog.com/wiki.html ]
Roberto DeFeo
Now you can add check boxes to your tiddlers to allow support for a TodoList .
Items can be checked and unchecked directly or by editing the tiddler and making the appropriate changes .
—
YATWA [ rumsby.org/wiki/yatwa.html ] by Steve Rumsby
this one adds Folding ( collapse the body of a tiddler but still display the title ) and a JavaScript calendar
—
GTDTiddlyWiki [ shared.snapgrid.com/gtd_tiddlywiki.html ] by Nathan Bowers
this one adds a GTD structure .
—
Mini-TiddlyWiki-hacks :
GTDTWcal creates code fragments for calendars to add to your tiddlers .
Blue Mist Style or Zeldman Orange Style – StyleSheet tiddlers for TiddlyWiki 1.2.22
—
UPDATE : 9/18/2005
ServerSideWiki [ serversidewiki.com ] by Josh Goebel
The ServerSideWiki is a hosted TiddlyWiki service running on Ruby on Rails , so you do n’t have to worry about saving your tiddlers anymore .
There are various pricing plans available , the free one gives you 10 pages or tiddlers , maybe enough to get you hooked .
It also has nicely animated ToDo tiddlers , so it ’s a great way to start playing around with TiddlyWikis , especially if you do n’t have any webspace of your own .
—
TiddlyWiki-SE ( Student Edition ) [ 15black.bluedepot.com/twtests/tiddlywikise.htm ] by Clint Checketts
this one adds easy note - taking capabilities for students ( there is a tab for classes , and a special tagspace for notes associated with each class . )
Clint has some more good hacks exploring and pushing the limits of the TiddlyWiki , like adding Adsense , or giving them a blog - like look and feel .
—
Comments :
Really great round - up .
Thank you .
What ( combination ) of these are you using ?
posted by Paul Irish : 7/11/2005 04:43:14 PM
Be sure to also check out :
http://www.geetduggal.com/PileTiddly/
Its minimalist style is coollll …
though I wish it had the tick boxes of Dirtywater wiki
posted by MaJoHa : 7/11/2005 06:07:27 PM
GTDTiddlyWiki is pretty cool .
Inspired by it , I built this GTD web “ database ” app that also lets you save to your local system and work offline :
http://trimpath.com/demos/nextaction_static1/nextaction.htm
posted by Steve Yen :
7/11/2005 06:29:15 PM
Many thanks Paul .
I actually use most of them .
It ’s actually interesting to see which kind of projects / texts each one supports ( the way they implement tags for instance makes quite a difference ) .
MaJoHa and Steve , thanks a lot for the pointers , minimalism at its best .
posted by saurierduval :
7/12/2005 12:52:17 AM
well i guess that settles that .
http://www.serversidewiki.com/
posted by Paul Irish : 7/19/2005 03:04:41 AM
I wonder now that ServerSideWiki has it ’s own distinct style ( the cool blue theme ) what it would take to get it added to this page along with all the others .
It would have been boring when it looked just like GTDTiddly Wiki … but now it can stand on it ’s own merit ( style wise ) .
posted by Josh Goebel : 9/03/2005 07:08:09 AM
Thanks for the links .
Well done on sharing your TiddlyWiki knowledge .
As a note , you ’ll probably want to point the TiddlyWikiSE link to the actual TWSE .
posted by Clint : 9/28/2005 06:46:40 PM
Thanks , fixed .
posted by saurierduval :
9/28/2005 08:39:35 PM
Also check out my site , MonkeyPirateTiddlyWiki .
It has plugins to do tagging in a different way ( where any tag is a tiddler and vice versa ) , plus some other stuff including a style chooser .
posted by simon : 10/06/2005 06:53:35 AM
Wonderful list !
I need someone to combine the To - Do List wiki with one of the server - side modifications . ;o )
posted by Darrel : 1/17/2006 04:49:52 PM
Hi ,
Thanks for your list …
I ’m trying to choose a version to begin my TiddlyWiki …
I wonder if the online version ( http://www.serversidewiki.com) could be the good version for me …
In fact , I hope that an online version can evoluate with new fonctions keeping compatibility with my previous versions of TiddlyWiki …
I do n’t really understand how I can use plugins in my TiddlyWiki …
posted by Kiaitutoi : 1/20/2006 02:28:49 PM
Good article .
Do not forget Asciencepad , my preferred one .
It ’s a wysiwyg TiddlyWiki thought for Scientific work ( via MathML ) , but pretty good even for usual work .
You do not need to know the markup .
It is based on HTMLArea .
If you try it you need only to know one trick : do not use ctrl - V to paste text inside , use Shift - Ins instead .
posted by Riccardo : 3/21/2006 01:55:19 PM
Good summary , very useful .
For my money ZiddlyWiki is the best of these for the following reasons :
No changes to TiddlyWiki front end
Easy to install
Powerful admin capabilities provided by Zope .
We ’ve been using ZiddlyWiki as an informal collaborative work area quite successfully for several weeks now .
posted by Andy : 6/01/2006 10:34:43 AM
PARIS -- Forty - five nations answered France 's call yesterday for a new environmental body to slow inevitable global warming and protect the planet , perhaps with policing powers to punish violators .
Absent were the world 's heavyweight polluter , the United States , and booming nations on the same path as the United States -- China and India .
The charge led by President Jacques Chirac of France came a day after the release of an authoritative -- and disturbingly grim -- scientific report in Paris that said global warming is " very likely " caused by mankind and that climate change will continue for centuries even if heat - trapping gases are reduced .
It was the strongest language ever used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , whose last report was issued in 2001 .
The document , a collaboration of hundreds of scientists and government officials , was approved by 113 nations , including the United States .
Despite the report 's dire outlook , most scientists say the worst disasters -- huge sea level rises and the most catastrophic storms and droughts -- may be avoided if strong action is taken soon .
In his call to action at a French - sponsored environment conference yesterday , Chirac said : " It is our responsibility .
The future of humanity demands it . "
Without naming the United States , producer of about one - quarter of the world 's greenhouse gases , Chirac expressed frustration that " some large , rich countries still must be convinced . "
They are " refusing to accept the consequences of their acts , " he said .
So far , it is mostly European nations that agreed to pursue plans for the new organization , and to hold their first meeting in Morocco this spring .
Chirac , 74 , is seeking to leave his mark on international affairs before he leaves office , likely in May , though his environmental record over 12 years as France 's president is spotty .
Former Vice President Al Gore , whose Oscar - nominated documentary on the perils of global warming has garnered worldwide attention , cheered Chirac 's efforts .
" We are at a tipping point , " Gore told the conference by videophone .
" We must act , and act swiftly . . . .
Such action requires international cooperation . "
The world 's scientists and other international leaders also said now that the science is so well documented , action is clearly the next step .
" It is time now to hear from the world 's policy makers , " Tim Wirth , president of the United Nations Foundation , said Friday .
" The so - called and long - overstated ' debate ' about global warming is now over . "
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
Test your popup blocker software .
PopupTest.com provides a simple and independent source for popup window testing .
Whether you are developing a popup killer software or you are thinking about purchasing one , you can use our sample popups to test the effectiveness of the application .
We are providing samples of the most common popup styles , as well as some not so common ones ( as indicated ) .
Give me half a tanker of iron and I ’ll give you the next ice age so said oceanographer John Martin in a famous speech to colleagues during the 80s .
Martin was referring to the process of “ iron fertilization ” ; which when applied to the oceans in slurry form promotes vast blooms of algae .
The algae in turn consume carbon dioxide as they grow ; thus removing more from the atmosphere and preventing climate change .
Problem solved ?
From the article ,
“ ‘ There are many critical questions that require both better scientific understanding and an improved legal , economic , and political framework before iron fertilization can be considered either effective or appropriate , ’ said Ken Buesseler , a senior scientist in WHOI ’s Marine Chemistry and Geochemistry Department and a participant in two iron fertilization experiments at sea .
‘ The time is right to bring scientists , policymakers , and commercial interests together to inform each other and the public . ” ‘
Though common on land , dissolved iron is rarely found in the oceans .
This may be for a good reason as no one is exactly sure what massive blooms of algae would do to ecosystems .
The Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI ) is holding a conference this week to determine the benefit of iron fertilization and if it may indeed prove to be a safe , cheap , counter - attack to climate change .
While it ’s great to have these weapons in hand , the real silver bullet in preventing pollution and catastrophe is to address our own emissions and practices .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Google Inc. said late Wednesday that it plans to develop up to 1 million square feet of office space at the nearby NASA Ames Research Center , as the company looks to expand its facilities to house a burgeoning workforce .
Google and the NASA facility , both based in Mountain View , Calif. , also will cooperate on several technical research projects , including large - scale data management , massively distributed computing and encouragement of the entrepreneurial space industry , according to a joint statement .
A development of the size discussed could house about 5,000 employees , said Brad Martin , a commercial real - estate broker at Cushman & Wakefield of California .
Martin also said that the development could cost Google about $ 200 to $ 300 a square foot , or $ 200 million to $ 300 million , and take as long as two years to build .
NASA Ames Research Center Director Scott Hubbard and Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt held a news conference late Wednesday to discuss details of the plan .
Schmidt said Google does n't have any cost estimates and the Ames project " will take years " to complete .
He said Google hopes its technology will help NASA develop another moon - landing mission in the next 15 years .
Speculation about Google 's real - estate hunt to house its ever - growing army of staff and engineers has been growing over the past month .
Google GOOG , - 0.07 % is beefing up its ranks as it takes on larger rivals such as Yahoo Inc. YHOO and Microsoft Corp.
MSFT , -0.91 % in the market for online search and other Internet services .
In the second quarter , Google added 701 employees and now employs more than 4,180 workers .
Also , the company said that capital expenditures grew to $ 158 million in the second quarter from $ 142 million , primarily reflecting global infrastructure and real estate .
While a million - square - foot campus is large , there are a number of large corporate campuses in Silicon Valley .
Cisco Systems Inc.'s CSCO , +0.01 % north San Jose , Calif. , campus takes up more than 5 million square feet .
Martin and other real - estate brokers and developers are excited about the prospects .
" I think it 's positive for the economy and the markets , " said Philip Mahoney , an executive vice president at Santa - Clara , Calif . - based C&C Commercial , the largest commercial real - estate brokerage firm in Northern California .
" It 's nice to see local companies doing well . "
Mahoney added that due to the dot - com implosion , about 100 million square feet went vacant in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Vacancy rates hit a high of 35 % in the first quarter of 2002 .
Today , they stand between 15 % and 20 % .
" It was only last year that some people were dancing around Silicon Valley 's grave , " said Mark Conroe , president of Conroe Ventures , a real - estate development company based in San Francisco .
" Well , the Valley is alive and well , with this being just one of the signs . "
Weight loss is n’t magic .
Simply eat less calories than you burn .
Easy peasy .
That is unless you inadvertently sabotage yourself by getting too geeky and try to use too many nutrition and weight loss Apps to track and manage your progress .
I found out the hard way that it ’s best to Keep it Simple ( Stupid ) .
The Usual Suspects
How fat am I ?
My workflow starts with the Withings Scale .
I step on it every morning and it tells me my weight .
Because that ’s what scales do .
But it also connects to my home Wi -Fi network and pushes my weight to Fitbit , Lose It ! , Endomondo , and MyFitnessPal .
Simple .
How active am I ?
I wear a Fitbit Flex .
It ’s a geeky Bluetooth pedometer that keeps track of my daily activity and steps taken and calculates approximately how many calories I ’ve burned .
This helps me with meal planning .
It syncs with my iPhone throughout the day and pushes my activity and caloric burn total in realtime to Lose It ! , Endomondo , and MyFitnessPal .
Simple .
How greedy am I ?
I use Lose It ! to keep track of my caloric intake to plan meals and to keep myself within a 1,000 calorie per day deficit .
This is where things start to get less simple .
Using the screenshot on the right as a guide , Lose It !
takes my current sex , weight , age , and height and calculates my basal metabolic rate at 3,074 calories ( what I can eat per day and not gain or lose weight ) .
I set my caloric budget at a 1,000 calorie deficit ( lose 2 pounds per week ) so my caloric budget for the day ( what I can shove into my cake hole ) is 2,074 calories .
Simple - ish .
The screenshot shows that my activity for the day has burned about 1,626 calories .
So , in theory , I could have eaten 3,700 calories ( 2,074+1,626 ) and still lost weight .
The app shows that I ended up eating 3,152 calories and was under by 548 calories ( 1,548 calorie deficit for the day ) .
Simple - ish .
How crazy am I ?
I use Endomondo to track the crazy things I do like kayaking and mountain biking .
Endomondo is a GPS tracker and more accurately calculates caloric burn for each activity based on GPS movement .
Fitbit does n’t know that I ’m kayaking or mountain biking , only that I ’m moving , and Endomondo supplements Fitbit with this additional data .
Once I upload a GPS track to Endomondo it merges with the data already pushed from Fitbit , does some calculations , merges back to Fitbit , then pushes to MyFitnessPal .
Simple - ish .
How stupid am I ?
I do n’t really use MyFitnessPal .
I only signed up because it had some nutritional data that seemed interesting at the time .
MyFitnessPal also has an exercise tracker and , after logging exercise , pushes back to Fitbit .
Simpl …wait , what ?
Crap .
How it all went wrong .
Fitbit pushes data to Endomondo .
Endomondo nicely merges data with Fitbit but then also pushes to MyFitnessPal.
MyFitnessPal pushes duplicate data back to Fitbit .
Fitbit sees the MyFitnessPal data as a new workout and pushes both copies of the same data to Lose It !.
So a single 500 calorie workout gets reported twice to Lose It ! as a 1,000 calorie workout .
Crap .
The moral of the story .
I was n’t losing nearly as much weight per week as I should have .
A 1,000 calorie deficit per day should result in a loss of about 2 pounds per week .
I was n’t anywhere near that even though I was close to my Lose It ! calorie budget each day .
Be sure to pay careful attention of how data is being shared to make sure nothing is getting duplicated .
There are dozens ( hundreds ? ) of nutrition and weight loss Apps available and I ’m sure there are more conflicts similar to this one .
Once I disabled MyFitnessPal and deleted two months of duplicate data I ’m back on track .
[ amazon_carousel widget_type= ” ASINList ” width = ” 590 ″ height = ” 200 ″ title= ” Related products ” market_place= ” US ” shuffle_products = ” True ” show_border = ” False ” asin= ” B00BGO0Q9O, B00BGO0Q8A , B00BKRQ4E8,B00AXYL4M6 ″ /]
I 've been programming for more years than I care to remember and am
enjoying programming in Ruby ( especially on Rails ) .
So far I 've found
nothing " new " ( to me ) in Ruby , with the exception of the lisp - like
features and that 's something I 'd really like to explore .
Anyone able to point me to a resource please ?
Weird Laws Of The United States Home › A Fantastic Collection
It is illegal for a driver to be blindfolded while operating a motor
vehicle .
It is unlawful to wear a false mustache in church and cause " unseemly laughter . "
Brewton - it is against the law to travel along the streets in a motorboat .
Mobile - it is illegal for pigeons to eat pebbles from composite roofs .
Phoenix - the law states that every man who enters the city limits must wear
pants .
Glendale - it is illegal for a car to back up .
Hackberry - there is a city ordinance that prohibits women from eating raw
onions while drinking buttermilk on the Sabbath .
Hayden - it is against the law to disturb bullfrogs or cottontail rabbits
within the city limits .
It is illegal to mispronounce the name of the state of Arkansas while within
the state .
The state legislature passed a law that the Arkansas River can rise no higher
than the Main Street bridge in Little Rock .
It is against the law for women to drive while wearing a bathrobe .
It is against the law for animals to mate publicly within 1,500 feet of a
tavern , school , or place of worship .
In some small community , a law was passed that forbid anyone from trying
to stop a child from playfully jumping over water puddles .
Apple Valley - it is illegal for ducks to quack after 10:00 PM within the
city limits .
Bellflower - the law states that " a drunken man has as much right to a sidewalk
as a sober man since he needs it a great deal more . "
Bonsall - it is against the law to read the Sunday paper while sitting in
a rocking chair on the front porch while church services are in session .
Berkeley - it is illegal to whistle for a lost canary before 7:00 A.M .
Beverly Hills - the law states that " no male person shall make remarks to
or concerning , or cough or whistle at , or do any other act to attract the
attention of any woman upon or traveling along any of the sidewalks . "
Buena Park - the law prohibits males from " turning and looking at a woman
in that way " on the Sabbath .
If a second offense occurs , the assailant is
required to " wear horse blinders for a 24 - hour period in public . "
Camirillo - it is illegal for any man to purchase liquor without the written
consent of his wife .
Carmel - it is against the law to eat ice cream while standing on the
sidewalk .
Castaic - the law states that if a dentist accidentally pulls the wrong tooth ,
then the patient has the right to pull one of the dentist 's teeth .
Compton - it is against the law to have hip pockets in pants " since that
is a good place to hide liquor . "
Costa Mesa - it is illegal to enter a movie theatre within four hours of
eating garlic .
Covina - according to this local law , a husband is not guilty of desertion
if his wife rents his room to a boarder and " crowds him out of his house . "
El Monte - it is against the law for a horse to fall asleep in a bathtub
unless the rider is sleeping with the horse .
Gardena - it is illegal for any woman to chew tobacco without having the
permission of her husband .
Glendale - the law allows horror films to be shown only on Mondays , Tuesdays ,
and Wednesdays .
Hesperia - the law states that " no one is allowed to duel if the opponent
selects water pistols as weapons . "
Inglewood - it is unlawful " for any male person , within the corporate limits
of the city of Inglewood , to wink at any female person with whom he is
unacquainted . "
Long Beach - any female attending a dance " must be found wearing a corset .
A physician is required to inspect each female at the dance . "
Los Angeles - it is against the law to bathe two babies in the same bathtub
at the same time .
Los Angeles - a man can legally beat his wife with a leather belt or strap ,
as long as the strap is no wider than 2 inches .
The wife must give her consent
in order for him to legally beat her with a wider strap .
Los Angeles - it is illegal for the customer of a meat market to poke
turkey to see how tender it is .
Malibu - it is against the law to laugh out loud in a movie theatre .
Monrovia - the law states that in order to get married , a man must " prove
his manhood " by shooting six blackbirds or three crows and bringing them
to his prospective father - in - law .
Ojai - it is against the law for a woman to stand within five feet of a bar
when she takes a drink in any public establishment serving alcoholic
beverages .
Ontario - rooster crowing is outlawed within the city limits .
Pacific Grove - bothering the butterflies carries a $ 500 fine .
Pico River - it is against the law for women weighing over 200 pounds that
are attired in shorts to ride a horse .
Pomona - the law states that " no person shall hallo , shout , bawl , scream ,
use profane language , dance , sing , whoop , quarrel , or make any unusual noise
or sound in any house in such a manner as to disturb the peace and quiet
of the neighborhood . "
Prunedale - it is illegal to have two indoor bathtubs in your house .
Rosemead - it is against the law to eat ice cream in public with a fork .
Riverside - it is illegal to carry a lunchbucket on the street .
Riverside - it is illegal to stick your tongue out " in the direction of "
a dog .
San Francisco - there is a law that guarantees sunshine for the people .
Santa Ana - it is illegal to swim on dry land .
Santa Ana - it is against the law for a horse to sleep in a bakery .
Santa Monica - the law states that " any person who shall in the city of Santa
Monica use or carry a concealed or unconcealed any bean snapper or like article ,
shall , upon conviction , be fined . "
Temecula - it is illegal to play cards with children or pregnant women on
the curb of a street .
Upland - it is unlawful for the owner or keeper of horses , mules , cattle ,
sheep , goats , and hogs to " run at large . "
Ventura - it is illegal to make " ugly faces " at dogs that are found " freely
roaming the community " .
Victorville - it is against the law to shoot open canned goods with a
revolver .
Whittier - the law states " two vehicles which are passing each other in opposite
directions shall have the right of way . "
The state passed a law making it legal to rip the tags off of pillows and
mattresses .
Denver - it is illegal to perform acrobatics that might frighten horses .
Denver - it is illegal to mistreat rats .
Denver - it is against the law to loan your vacuum cleaner to your next door
neighbor .
Pueblo - it is against the law to raise or permit a dandelion to grow within
the city limits .
Sterling - it is unlawful to allow a pet cat to run loose without a taillight .
According to state law , in order for a pickle to be qualified as a pickle ,
it must bounce .
The law states that anyone caught biking at over 65 miles per hour will be
ticketed .
Devon - it is against the law to walk backwards after sunset .
Hartford - it is illegal to educate a dog .
Hartford - it is illegal to walk across the street on your hands .
It is illegal for small boys to throw stones .
It is against the law to pawn a wooden leg .
It is illegal for a single , divorced , or widowed woman to parachute on
Sunday .
It is against the law to fall asleep under a hair dryer .
The people that
break the law and the salon owners can be fined for this .
The law states that if an elephant is tied to a parking meter , it must pay
the same fees as a car .
It is illegal to sing in a public place while in a bathing suit .
It is illegal for men to be seen in public wearing a strapless gown .
Miami - it is illegal to molest alligators .
Miami - it is illegal to imitate animals .
Key West - it is against the law to hold a turtle race within the
city limits .
Tampa Bay - it is against the law for rats to leave docked ships .
It is illegal for a barber to advertise his prices .
Atlanta -
It is illegal to tie giraffes to street lamps .
Conyers - an ordinance was passed that prohibits saying the phrase
" two fried eggs and a fritter for a quarter " in an attempt to prohibit
slang talkin' .
Jonesboro -
It is illegal to say " Oh , boy . "
Quitman -
It is against the law for chickens to cross streets .
It is illegal to put pennies in your ear .
According to state law , it is illegal for a man to give his " sweetheart "
a box of candy weighing less than 50 pounds .
Idaho Falls - it is against the law for anyone over the age of 88 to ride
a motorcycle .
Pocatello - the states that " the carrying of concealed weapons is forbidden ,
unless the same are exhibited to public view . "
Tamarack - it is illegal to purchase onions after dark without a special
permit from the sheriff .
Chicago - it is illegal to eat in a place that is on fire .
Cicero - it is against the law to hum on public streets on Sunday .
Decatur - it is against the law to drive a car without a steering wheel .
Joliet - it is against the law for a woman to try on more than six
dresses in one store .
Kirkland - it is illegal for bees to fly over the town or in any of its
streets .
Oblong - it is illegal to make love while hunting or fishing on your wedding
day .
Winnetka - it is legal for the manager of a theatre to kick out anyone
that has " odiferous feet . "
Zion - it is illegal to give lighted cigars to dogs , cats , and other domesticated
animals kept as pets .
According to state law , once your breath leaves your body , it is no longer
your property .
It is illegal to bathe in the winter .
Elkhart - it is against the law for a barber to threaten to cut off a youngster 's
ears .
Gary - citizens are not allowed to attend a public theatre or ride in public
transportation within four hours of eating garlic .
South Bend - it is illegal for a monkey to smoke cigarettes .
Violators
are fined 25 dollars .
According to the law , kisses may last for as much as , but no more than five
minutes .
Marshalltown - it is illegal for horses to eat fire hydrants .
It is illegal to catch fish with your bare hands .
Lawrence - it is against the law to carry bees in your hat .
McLough - it is illegal to wash your dentures in a public drinking
fountain .
Natoma - it is agianst the law to practice knife throwing at men in
striped suits .
Russell - it is against the law to have a musical car horn .
It is against the law to ask a girl in a bikini for a date .
The law states that " no female shall appear in a bathing suit on any highway
unless she is escorted by at least two officers of the law or unless she
be armed with a club " .
An amendment to the law says that " the provisions
of this statute shall not apply to females weighing less than 90 pounds nor
to females exceeding 200 pounds , nor shall it apply to female horses . "
Lexington -
It is illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your pocket .
Owensboro - it is against the law for a woman to buy a new hat without
her husband first trying it on .
According to state law , it is legal to grow as tall as you like .
It is illegal to rob a bank and then shoot the teller with a water pistol .
The law states that biting someone with your natural teeth is " simple assault " ,
while biting someone with your false teeth is " aggravated assault . "
Portland - it is illegal to tickle a girl under the chin with a
feather duster .
Rumford - it is against the law to bite your landlord .
Waterville - it is against the law to blow your nose in public .
State law prohibits lions from attending the theatre .
Baltimore - it is illegal to throw a bale of hay from a second floor
window .
It is illegal to put tomatoes in clam chowder .
The law states that all dogs must have their hind legs tied for the month
of April .
It is illegal to deliver diapers on Sunday .
It is against the law to cool one 's feet by hanging it out the window .
It is illegal to eat peanuts in court .
It is illegal for anyone at a wake to eat more than three sandwiches .
It is against the law for taxi drivers to make love in the front seat during
their shift .
It is illegal to kiss in front of a church .
All PDAs ( Public Displays of Affection ) are illegal on Sunday .
It is illegal to take loins to the theatre .
It is legal to allow one 's livestock to graze on public grounds except on
Sunday .
Boston - it is illegal to have frog - jumping contests within the city
limits .
Boston - it is against the law to take more than 2 baths a month .
Fitchburg - it is illegal for barbers to carry combs in the back of their
ears .
Holyoke - it is against the law to water your lawn when it is raining .
According to law , if a man and wife kiss on Sunday , the guilty party shall
be punished .
It is against the law for a woman to cut her hair without her husband 's
permission .
Clawson  there is a law that states that " it is legal for a farmer
to sleep with his pigs , cows , horses , goats , and chickens . "
Grand Haven - it is illegal to abandon a hoopskirt on any public street or
sidewalk , with a penalty of $ 5 for each offense .
Rochester - the law states that anyone appearing in public in a bathing suit
must have it inspected by a police officer .
Blue Earth - it is illegal for anyone under the age of 12 to use a telephone
without the supervision of an adult .
Canton - it is illegal to kill a squirrel in a courtroom with a gun .
Hazelhurst - it is illegal to transport a fish on any street .
Meridian - it is against the law to roll a safe down the street on
its wheels .
Star - it is against the law to make fun of public buildings .
State law has a provision that allows any city in the state to levy a
tax to support a band , provided that " the mayor plays piccolo and each
band member can eat peas with a knife . "
It is illegal to carry an uncaged bear down the highway .
St. Louis - it is against the law to drink beer from a bucket on any street
curb .
Sheridan - it is illegal for dogs to come within four feet of a fire
hydrant .
According to the law , parents can be arrested if their child does not hold
back a burp in church services .
Lehigh - it is illegal to sell doughnut holes .
Omaha - it is against the law for a barber to shave a man 's chest .
Las Vegas - it is illegal to pawn your dentures .
It is illegal to detain a homing pigeon .
Manville - it is illegal to offer whiskey or cigarettes to animals at the
zoo .
It is illegal for females to appear unshaven in public .
White Horse - the law states that no married woman shall eat onions on the
Sabbath unless she is " properly looked after . "
This means that her spouse
must " follow 20 paces behind carrying a loaded musket over his left shoulder . "
According to law , it is a misdemeanor to arrest a dead man .
It is illegal to flirt with a woman , punishable by $ 25 fine .
Albany - it is illegal to play golf on the street .
Carmel - it is illegal for a man to appear in public with pants and shirt
that do not match .
Greene - it is against the law to eat peanuts and walk backwards when a concert
is on .
New York City - it is against the law to have an unclothed mannequin in a
store window .
New York City - according to the law , " it is legal for a woman to ride the
subway topless since it is legal for a man to ride the subway topless . "
Staten Island - it is illegal to water your lawn with a sprinkler .
According to state law , it its illegal to use elephants to plow cotton
fields .
It is illegal to sing out of tune .
Asheville - it is illegal to sneeze within the city limits .
Wade Mills - it is against the law to purchase or eat ice cream 30 minutes
before church on Sunday .
Wintson - Salem - it is against the law for children under the age of seven
to go to college .
It is against the law to serve beer and pretzels at the same time in a bar
or restaurant .
It is illegal for women to wear patent leather shoes in public .
Bexley - Ordinance # 223 prohibits the installation and usage of slot machines
in outhouses .
Cleveland - it is illegal to operate a motor vehicle while sitting in someone's
lap .
Clinton County - it is against the law to lean on a public building at risk
of a fine .
Oxford - it is against the law for a woman to strip off her clothing while
standing in front of a man 's picture .
Paulding  the law states that a policeperson may bite a dog to quiet
it .
According to state law , it is illegal to take a bite out of someone else 's
hamburger .
It is against the law to get a fish drunk .
It is illegal for a female to cut her own hair without a license from the
state .
Cushing - it is against the law to drink beer in your underwear .
Violators
can be ticketed .
Duncan - it is illegal to wash your clothes in a birdbath .
Hawthorne - according to city Ordinance # 363 , it is against the law to put
a hypnotized person in a display window .
Shawnee - it is against the law for three or more dogs to meet on someone's
property without a permit signed by the mayor .
Hood River - it is illegal to juggle without a license .
According to state law , it is illegal to have over 16 women living together
in one house because that " constitutes a brothel . "
According to state law , it is illegal to sing in the bathtub .
A special ordinance prohibits homemakers from hiding dirt or dust under the
rug of a home .
York - it is illegal to sit down while using a water hose .
Greenville - it is illegal to sell whiskey unless the sun is shining .
Memphis - it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless there is a man
running or walking in front of it , waving a red flag to warn approaching
motorists and pedestrians .
According to state law , " when two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing ,
each shall come to a full stop , and neither shall proceed until the other
has gone . "
Apparently , a state senator did not want a particular law passed ,
so he added this ridiculous law onto it , but no one noticed it , and so both
laws passed .
Abilene - a city ordinance states that " it is illegal to idle or loiter within
the corporate limits of the city for the purpose of flirting or mashing . "
Commerce - it is illegal to climb a telephone pole unless you are
payed to do so .
Corpus Christi - it is against the law to raise alligators in your home .
Galveston - it is illegal for camels to wander around freely .
Plano - it is against the law to sale foam alligators at parades .
State law prohibits fishing from horseback .
A law makes it mandatory for everyone to take a bath every week on Saturday
night .
Rutland - it is illegal to allow your car to backfire .
It is illegal to whistle underwate .
( Thanks Brian )
It is illegal to visit a cemetery for any other reason than visiting the
deceased .
It is against the law to have a bathtub inside your home .
According to state law , it is illegal to paint polka dots on the American
flag .
It is illegal to have possession of a lollipop .
A small community passed an ordinance that stated the following : " It is mandatory
for a motorist with criminal intentions to stop at the city limits and telephone
the chief of police as he is entering town . "
Seattle - it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that is longer than 6
feet .
Spokane - it is illegal to purchase a television on the Sabbath .
Wilbur - it is illegal to ride an ugly horse .
Peewee - it is against the law to eat onions in the local cemetery .
Nicholas County - it is illegal for a preacher to tell jokes or humorous
stories from the pulpit .
It is against the law to take a picture of a rabbit in the months of January ,
February , March , or April .
Newcastle - it is against the law " to make love in a meat freezer . "
Also Check Out :
The most beautiful Russian women
Strange Statues
Persian Models
Ugliest Dog in the World
More Collections
We have a lot more to share .
Check out more collections .
Danielle Glover on September 29 , 2011 at 06:57 alex b. on February 27 , 2013 at 11:28 sajil on May 13 , 2013 at 09:05 lakin f. on July 28 , 2013 at 11:36 Scath Beorh on April 10 , 2014 at 07:38
One bad apple ...
What if I told you that it would take only one person — one highly motivated , but only moderately skilled bad apple , with either authorized or unauthorized access to the right company 's internal computer network — to steal a statewide election ?
You might think I was crazy , or alarmist , or just talking about something that 's only a remote , highly theoretical possibility .
You also probably would think I was being really over - the - top if I told you that , without sweeping and very costly changes to the American electoral process , this scenario is almost certain to play out at some point in the future in some county or state in America , and that after it happens not only will we not have a clue as to what has taken place , but if we do get suspicious there will be no way to prove anything .
You certainly would n't want to believe me , and I do n't blame you .
So what if I told you that one highly motivated and moderately skilled bad apple could cause hundreds of millions of dollars in damage to America 's private sector by unleashing a Windows virus from the safety of his parents ' basement , and that many of the victims in the attack would never know that they 'd been compromised ?
Before the rise of the Internet , this scenario also might 've been considered alarmist folly by most , but now we know that it 's all too real .
Thanks to the recent and rapid adoption of direct - recording electronic ( DRE ) voting machines in states and counties across America , the two scenarios that I just outlined have now become siblings ( perhaps even fraternal twins ) in the same large , unhappy family of information security ( infosec ) challenges .
Our national election infrastructure is now largely an information technology infrastructure , so the problem of keeping our elections free of vote fraud is now an information security problem .
If you 've been keeping track of the news in the past few years , with its weekly litany of high - profile breaches in public - and private - sector networks , then you know how well we 're ( not ) doing on the infosec front .
Over the course of almost eight years of reporting for Ars Technica , I 've followed the merging of the areas of election security and information security , a merging that was accelerated much too rapidly in the wake of the 2000 presidential election .
In all this time , I 've yet to find a good way to convey to the non-technical public how well and truly screwed up we presently are , six years after the Florida recount .
So now it 's time to hit the panic button :
In this article , I 'm going to show you how to steal an election .
Now , I wo n't be giving you the kind of " push this , pull here " instructions for cracking specific machines that you can find scattered all over the Internet , in alarmingly lengthy PDF reports that detail vulnerability after vulnerability and exploit after exploit .
( See the bibliography at the end of this article for that kind of information . )
And I certainly wo n't be linking to any of the leaked Diebold source code , which is available in various corners of the online world .
What I 'll show you instead is a road map to the brave new world of electronic election manipulation , with just enough nuts - and - bolts detail to help you understand why things work the way they do .
Along the way , I 'll also show you just how many different hands touch these electronic voting machines before and after a vote is cast , and I 'll lay out just how vulnerable a DRE - based elections system is to what e-voting researchers have dubbed " wholesale fraud , " i.e. , the ability of an individual or a very small group to steal an entire election by making subtle changes in the right places .
So let 's get right down to business and meet the tools that we 're going to use to flip a race in favor of our preferred candidate .
Note : I 'm not in any way encouraging anyone to actually go out and steal an election .
This article is intended solely as a guide to the kinds of information and techniques that election thieves already have available , and not as an incitement to or an aid for committing crimes .
The Neutral Internet : An Information Architecture for Open Societies
Daniel J. Weitzner < djweitzner@csail.mit.edu >
Principal Research Scientist
MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory
This document on the Web [ http://dig.csail.mit.edu/2006/06/neutralnet.html] [ PDF ]
Overview
Over the last decade and a half , the Internet and the World Wide Web have emerged as unprecedented open platforms for speech and innovation .
Now , there is a raging debate about how to ensure that the Internet remains open , accessible and innovative , while at the same time , encourage deployment of new broadband network .
The debate thus far , however , has proceeded on the mistaken assumption that this is an either / or choice ; that we have to choose between a non-discriminatory , slow , insecure network or a potentially discriminatory , high - speed , cleaner Internet tied together with other broadband services .
This paper argues that it is possible to preserve the neutral , non-discriminatory essence of the Internet , without sacrificing future growth of new Internet services and other broadband infrastructure .
At the heart of the debate is the question of whether Internet Service Providers ought to be subject to a non-discrimination ( aka neutrality ) requirement .
The pro neutrality camp has argued that neutrality must be legally mandated lest we lose the benefits that the Internet has enabled .
Those opposed to neutrality requirements generally view the Internet as a good thing , too ; they argue , however , that market forces will assure continued access to the Internet on reasonably neutral terms , and that legislating this requirement will stifle investment in new broadband services .
That there is emerging competition [ 1 ] to offer high - speed Internet services is certainly good news , but to suggest that competitive network services have no need of non-discrimination rules is to fly in the face of hundreds of years of common carriage tradition .
But competition alone will not necessarily assure the future of the Internet as an open platform , nor obviate the need for baseline non-discrimination requirements , enforced through a light - weight complaint process .
For example , the mere fact that there is an competitive market for some telephone services ( wireline , wireless , VoIP , etc. ) , just as there are competitive Internet service providers , is hardly a reason to suggest dropping the basic Title II non-discrimination requirements of the Communications Act .
We keep these Title II requirements not because there is a long list of infringements in recent memory , but because they are an integral element of the basic operating requirements of the telephone system .
Indeed , the non-discrimination mandates in the Communications
Act are largely self - enforcing and pose little regulatory burden inasmuch as they are the widely accepted mode of operation for the voice telephone network .
The same would be true for the Internet provided the enforcement or complaint mechanism was designed to match the light - weight operating style of the Internet .
Just as with common carriage for the telephone network , the open , non-discriminatory nature of the Internet is a public policy goal that stands on its own .
It is the openness of the Internet that has given rise to the extraordinary social and economic benefits of the Internet over the last decade .
Thus , openness is as important as potential increases in broadband network capacity that some say will only materialize if Internet service providers are allowed to depart from the neutral model on which the Internet is based .
This paper seeks to develop a path through the net neutrality debate that will enable policy makers to give priority to protecting the essentially neutral aspects of the Internet on which we depend , while giving maximum flexibility for new services and infrastructure investments that can benefit both Internet and non-Internet services in the future .
Why , then , does the so - called " Net Neutrality " debate seem to present a choice between , on the one hand , preserving the openness and vitality of the Internet we know today , and on the other hand , encouraging the possibility of future growth and investment in high capacity broadband network services ?
On the one hand , Internet community leaders from ecommerce companies , consumer groups and civil liberties organizations warn that a failure to legislate net neutrality guarantees will result in a loss of the economic , cultural and political benefits that the Internet revolution has brought .
On the other hand , telecommunications and cable companies oppose any neutrality regulation , arguing that non-discrimination obligation will limit their incentives to build the type of video - capable broadband networks they believe the market demands .
But are these two goals truly incompatible ?
The debate , and the very term ' Net Neutrality , ' conflates a critical distinction between a focused need for important Internet neutrality principles and the broader question about whether or how to regulate other broadband communications networks ( such as digital cable television , or interactive services that may be developed separately from the Internet in the future ) .
Internet neutrality is both a factual reality today and a necessity for the future .
Whether neutrality or non-discrimination requirements should be applied to broadband networks more generally raises important communications policy questions that should be considered , but need not be decided immediately .
To differentiate those essential features of the Internet that must be protected from regulatory questions about other new broadband networks separate from the Internet , this paper describes four essential features of Internet Neutrality :
Non-discriminatory routing of packets
User control and choice over service levels Ability to create and use new services and protocols without prior approval of network operators Non-discriminatory peering of backbone networks .
These principles taken together constitute the social contract among Internet service providers that has been indispensable to its great openness and success .
They are equally important regardless of whether the service is broadband or narrowband , wireless or wireline , fiber optic , copper pair or coax .
Understanding the Internet requires taking this holistic view of the Internet as a set of business , technical and social arrangements .
While traditional telecommunications policy thinking divides the world into ' facilities ' and different bandwidth levels , these are not the appropriate categories within which we should regulate or de-regulate the Internet .
Indeed , the very foundation of the Internet is its ability to connect efficiently a broad array of quite different networks , allowing a publisher of information to reach a global audience without regard to which network the recipient is on .
To allow the nation 's leading Internet access providers to upend this fundamental global understanding would be to undermine the Internet itself .
By distinguishing between InternetNeutrality and more general NetNeutrality , it is possible to establish basic non-discriminatory neutrality requirements that will preserve the neutral aspects of the Internet that have brought commercial and non-commercial benefits to hundreds of millions of people around the world .
At the same time , policy makers should carefully monitor the evolution of new broadband networks and services .
As long as those new networks operate in a manner that does not actively interfere with or unfairly compete against Internet services , policy makers should allow the private sector a freer hand in designing and operating new broadband infrastructure .
I. The Neutral Internet
The Internet is neutral .
This is a statement of fact about how the Internet is designed and operated , not a matter for debate in public policy circles .
The neutrality of the Internet has made it an open platform for the free flow of information , ideas and commerce .
The challenge in the net neutrality debate is not to try to decide whether or not the Internet should be neutral , for it is .
Rather , the challenge is to identify and preserve ( or at least not erode ) the essential conditions of neutrality that have characterized the Internet .
At the same time , we should not constrain changes in the non-essential aspects of the Internet if we are to continue to encourage growth and innovation by access providers .
Commenting on the threat of a non-neutral Internet , Vint Cerf of Google and Internet founder stated the worry that many have :
" In the Internet world , both ends essentially pay for access to the Internet system , and so the providers of access get compensated by the users at each end , " said Cerf , who helped develop the InternetÃ­s basic communications protocol .
" My big concern is that suddenly access providers want to step in the middle and create a toll road to limit customers " ability to get access to services of their choice even though they have paid for access to the network in the first place . " [ 2 ]
Traditional telecommunications companies tend to have a different view of this issue .
In a statement that is widely credited with unleashing the debate to begin with last year , Ed Whitacre , CEO of AT&T , declared :
" Now what they would like to do is use my pipes free , but I ain't going to let them do that because we have spent this capital and we have to have a return on it .
So there 's going to have to be some mechanism for these people who use these pipes to pay for the portion they 're using .
Why should they be allowed to use my pipes ?
The Internet can't be free in that sense , because we and the cable companies have made an investment and for a Google or Yahoo !
or Vonage or anybody to expect to use these pipes [ for ] free is nuts ! " [ 3 ]
What exactly is wrong with making customers or service providers pay for the choices they make ?
In fact , we all already pay for the network services that we use in rough proportion to the cost of those services .
Today network costs are allocated between users ( who pay for their own access to the Internet ) and large services ( like Amazon , who pay a much higher price for their Internet connection because they put a lot more traffic load on the Internet ) .
But what would be wrong with a change to this arrangement - allowing large content providers like Google or Amazon to pay for the privilege of having their data get to customers on an expedited basis , or perhaps even to the virtual exclusion of their competitors ?
What is wrong is that forcing a web site operator to pay twice so that a user can have access to its content would begin to break the unique many - to - many nature of how information is linked together on the Internet .
Once data is put on the Internet ( at a Web site , for example ) , then the speaker can be confident that anyone in the world can reach that data , regardless of which Internet Service Provider they use .
While not everyone who requests that data will have the same quality of service , it is up to the requestor to decide what service level is appropriate for his or her needs .
The provider of the content need not be involved in this decision and need not worry about negotiating a transport arrangement with every ISP of every potential user .
The genius of the Internet is that it avoids this bottleneck and is thus about to act as an extraordinarily open conduit for speech and commerce .
This is the heart of what makes the Internet different from other communications networks .
The Web and other Internet services are built to take advantage of the real time , many - to - many communications capability of the underlying Internet .
Many Internet applications we use appear to be largely just point - to - point , such as email .
In fact , although the path of any given email is point - to - point , the various ISPs along that path are not known in advance to the sender .
It would cripple the functionality of email as we know it if , in addition to knowing the right email address for your intended recipient , you also had to know that recipient 's ISP and make arrangements to pay in advance for efficient transit over that ISP 's network .
In order to explore the neutral nature of the Internet , I examine two common Internet / Web usage scenarios .
While some deduce network neutrality principles from the formalism of Internet architecture ( such as the End - to - End [ 4 ] principle ) , I prefer to look at these application scenarios , both of which are representative of the Internet 's potential as a platform for the free flow of information , ideas and commerce , and also the Internet 's ongoing capacity to support innovative and unplanned uses for new applications and services .
The first scenario presents a sketch of the Internet mechanisms a major news
Web site might use today in order to deliver a large volume of text and images , along with streaming video .
Following this , I examine the operation of blogs , an example of a leading edge Web application that hardly existed several years ago and developed quite spontaneously , without any central planning or coordination with existing Internet Service Providers .
Scenario A : Multimedia news delivery
This scenario [ 5 ] shows how CNN manages the distribution of multimedia content around the world .
A problem that CNN ( or any other distributor of high - volume content on the Web ) faces is that users Ã ¬far awayÃ® ( in network terms ) will experience delays in access to content .
This is because , among other things , each time an article or video stream is requested , the web server has to send out a new response , even if lots of users are requesting that same document .
The general solution is to ' cache ' ( store ) the content at points around the Internet that are closer to large groups of users .
This minimizes load on the CNN web server and also reduces the delivery time because the content is closer to the user 's location .
CNN might use a commercial caching service to achieve better performance in content delivery .
While this site is not able to provide video in real - time , it is able , using existing Internet technology , to deliver time - delayed streaming video to a very large user base all around the world .
Scenario A : Multimedia news delivery
The net effect of this elaborate ( and expensive ) arrangement is better performance for users and the ability to reach more people for CNN .
From a user 's perspective , the caching is entirely invisible .
The user need not take any action to achieve these benefits and all data appears to come from cnn.com .
From CNN 's perspective , this arrangement has a real cost , but they can decide whether and how much to spend on caching based on the benefit to their business .
The cache provider , in order to offer this service , must have access to Internet services ( connections ) at a large number of ISPs around the world .
Those connections are largely indistinguishable from any other connection that any other customer would buy , but if they were not available , then the cache service would not be able to put together this type of globally - operating cache .
In turn , the cache provider offers caching service to any ( legal ) content provider who is willing to pay the fee .
There is no discrimination based on content type or on the competitive relationship between the content provider and the ISPs involved .
This scenario highlights one way that traffic prioritization is already occurring on the Internet .
Caching is just one of many ways to improve the performance of video delivery .
Large institutions that can afford to pay the cache services rates can improve their services , whereas smaller organizations may not be able to afford caching services .
But the services are available to all without discrimination .
Scenario B : Decentralized information flow through a mixed - media blog
Internet services such as the World Wide Web and instant messaging depend even more deeply on the many - to - many communications features of the Internet .
Some of the most socially valuable and commercially popular services on the Web take advantage of the ability to link together information from many sources across the Web into what appears to be a single information resource ( a.k.a. a Web page ) .
This scenario shows how a new type of service ( the blog ) is built in an ad hoc manner on top of many of the features on which previous scenarios depend .
The blog shown aggregates data from several other Web services ( Flickr and Amazon ) along with the information on the blog site itself .
Scenario B : Blogs
In examining how blogs in general work , the first key observation is that that this and all other blogs were created without any need for permission , either from the blogger 's ISP or the sites from which other data has been aggregated .
These independent sites have no prior connection arrangements - the linkage of all the sites is made possible by the creativity and coordination of the blog host .
To the end user all the data on the page appears to be located at the same URL , but it is actually drawn from a number of different sites .
The blog creator presumes that all content included on the blog page will in fact be delivered to the end user , because of the long - standing and fundamental expectation that intermediary ISPs do not block or interfere with any legitimate content on today 's Internet .
The threat of a non-neutral Internet is that content that the blogger seeks to combine ( which may be served from a variety of ISPs ) may be unavailable to certain users because the user 's ISP might block or degrade access to some of the content aggregated in the blog .
It would impose an insurmountable burden on bloggers and other Internet speakers to have to figure out in advance which readers have access to which sets of content and which are blocked from access because of their ISP 's discriminatory policies .
The blog is just one of the current hot new Web applications , credited with enabling a wide variety of political , cultural and economic benefits .
Social networking sites such as MySpace are another application that relies on the creativity of the individual and linking among sites possible on today 's Internet .
Indeed , these applications show how the open , neutral platform of the Internet enables a unique style of decentralized information flow .
Though blogs are this year 's leading edge application , there is no doubt that other new types of applications and services that we have not yet imagined will come along as well .
That will only be possible , however , if we maintain the essential neutrality features of the Internet going forward .
II .
Defining and Protecting the Essential Conditions of Internet Neutrality
The neutrality of the Internet arises out of a combination of basic architectural features of Internet and World Wide Web standards , and business practices on the retail and back - end of Internet service provider networks , all in a delicate balance with the competitive market forces that tie service providers , technology developers , and content providers together in a global , voluntary agreement to maintain these practices and standards .
This agreement has been maintained out of an implicit but shared belief that cooperation to keep the Internet functioning as an open , interconnected and non-discriminatory platform serves the interests of the parties individually , as well as collectively .
The web of technical and business arrangements that keep the Internet operating is maintained because of the logic of today 's Internet marketplace , but it is important to note that it did not arise solely from market forces .
Much of the initial protocol design and implementation occurred in government - funded research labs and saw its initial implementation in the academic community .
Even early steps toward commercialization were carefully guided by government funders [ 6 ] and were based on the cooperative spirit that grew up in the pre-commercial Internet days .
At the same time , the tremendous growth of the commercial Internet in the 1990s that was responsible for bringing Internet access to hundreds of millions of people around the world was and is a purely market - driven phenomenon .
So while it is indisputable that market forces have led the growth of the Internet , we cannot credit the market with creating the initial conditions that made the Internet the success that it is .
Some argue [ 7 ] that market forces will keep Internet access service operating in a non-discriminatory manner .
Indeed it is hard to imagine too many people paying for Web access when they can only reach those Websites with whom the ISP has made a special arrangements .
However , to use this prediction about future behavior of the market as an argument against law that protects important values is over - reaching .
Indeed , if this same view were applied to the voice telephone market , one might conclude that that non-discrimination requirement at the heart of Title II of the Communications
Act should be repealed .
Following the flawed anti-neutrality logic , the fact that there are a variety of ways to buy voice telephone service and that no one would seriously try to sell telephone service that only reaches a limited group of phone numbers .
So in spite of the growing competitive options for accessing the telephone network , the Communications
Act still enforces the following non-discrimination requirement :
It shall be unlawful for any common carrier to make any unjust or unreasonable discrimination in charges , practices , classifications , regulations , facilities , or services for or in connection with like communication service , directly or indirectly , by any means or device , or to make or give any undue or unreasonable preference or advantage to any particular person , class of persons , or locality , or to subject any particular person , class of persons , or locality to any undue or unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage . " [ 8 ]
The regulatory structure that enforces this provision has changed considerably .
Price regulation has been dramatically scaled back and network operators have nearly unlimited freedom to invest in new network services .
However , despite all of these changes , the underlying requirement of openness on which the telephone system is based remains .
Given the mixed market and non-commercial provenance of the Internet , the consolidation of the ISP market and the lack of any nondiscrimination requirements for broadband networks , [ 9 ] it is simply impossible to predict that just because market forces support a neutral Internet today , that this will remain the case in the future .
Hence , we must identify the essential indicia of Internet Neutrality in order to know what operating principles of the Internet require protection .
The essential conditions of neutrality can be summarized as :
1. Content - and provider - neutral end - to - end routing service on non-discriminatory terms .
The sine qua non of the Internet is the ability for everyone to connect and have their traffic routed to the desired location .
Non-discriminatory routing enables Internet users to find the blogs they are looking for , e-commerce sites to know that they can reach a world market , and political campaigns to be confident that they can reach potential voters ( unless they live in China , Iran , or other repressive locales ) .
Any network claiming to offer Internet service must enable users to deliver packets to any other part of the Internet and must accept , on behalf of its customers , packets from any other Internet user or service .
Non-discriminatory routing means similar packets travel across the Internet in a similar manner , but it not mean that every single packet is treated exactly the same way .
Engineering considerations result is different routes for different packets .
We would consider this reasonable discrimination .
But if those differences are used to discriminate against a certain type of content or against a particular speaker , then the discrimination is unreasonable .
( Principle 2 below addresses approaches to quality of service standards that can be handled in a non-discriminatory manner . )
The two scenarios above illustrate the importance of this non-discrimination principle .
CNN counts on the fact that any user of any ISP can , if he or she chooses , reach the CNN site .
If AT&T follows the double - charging pricing model laid out by its CEO Whitacre ( CNN pays its ISP to reach the Internet and then pays AT&T to reach its last mile ) then users might find themselves unable to access CNN news because CNN and AT&T could n't agree on a price for service .
We are familiar with these disputes in the cable television market where occasionally certain channels are unavailable on certain cable systems .
However , the Internet 's provider - neutral routing has never permitted such a result .
Non-discriminatory service provisioning is also necessary to enable the growth of innovative new services such as content caching that facilitate better access to multimedia content .
These services rely on being able to connect caching equipment to any ISP where it is needed .
Today ISPs are willing to sell cache services this access , but statements from some network operators raise doubts about whether this will remain the case .
Non-discriminatory routing enables blogs , some of which depend upon on - the - fly combinations of information from many different sources , to know that any user can reach all content on the Web .
If some of the content on a blog comes from a site or ISP that did n't manage to negotiate a reasonable price with some network operators , then that blog becomes inaccessible to users of that ISP .
Again , given threats to add extra charges for carriage , this sort of breakdown in negotiation is likely .
Today , adherence with the non-discriminatory routing principle is universal .
Without this adherence , the Internet would lose its uniquely open and democratic character , and risk becoming one more highly centralized and controlled media platform .
2 . User control over bandwidth and service levels .
Every user pays for the cost of connecting to the Internet , at the level of service appropriate to their own needs , and then is able to have access to the entire Internet , and use any legal application or device in doing so .
User control over service level choices must be preserved in order to enable maximum participation in the Internet .
Users in this context may be individuals who mostly consume content ( and only produce a little ) , or large content providers that serve high volumes of content to others .
Principle 1 assures that all parts of the Internet remain connected , but every participant in the Internet may not necessarily be able to connect at the same speed or with the same quality of service .
Some cannot afford the highest speed service , others do not have access to networks with high speed , and still others just do n't need it .
But whatever the reason , a critical aspect of the operation of the Internet is that each user is able to purchase differing levels of service while still remaining connected .
Those who read blogs that contain links to video clips might like to see that video at a high quality and speed , but will have to settle for poor picture quality if they can't afford a 6MB per second service .
However , they can still read the text and see the images and lower - quality video .
The freedom to buy the bandwidth that one can afford means that hundreds of millions of people around the world have been able to participate in the Internet even if not at high speed .
These decisions are always up to the user , not the network operator or the content provider .
So while content providers do have mechanisms ( caching services ) for improving their users ' experiences , they know that today anyone can reach their services without the content provider having to pay the user 's ISP additional fees on top of that which the user pays .
The decentralization of this decision - making has been vital to extending the reach of the Internet .
A key challenge that will face the evolving Internet is adapting to requirements for delivery of high - quality video and other time - sensitive data .
Various quality of service standards have been proposed and it is important that Internet Service Providers ( include cable and telephone companies ) have the flexibility to experiment with different technical standards and business arrangements for meeting these needs .
As long as these mechanisms are made available on a non-discriminatory basis , and are offered subject to the choice and control of individual users , it should be possible to preserve the neutral Internet and still adapt to new traffic requirements .
3. Ability to create new protocols and applications on top of existing Internet and Web standards without prior coordination with or approval of network operators .
In order to enable ongoing innovation in new Internet services and applications , ISPs must continue to support current technical standards and avoid blocking the development of new technologies that will be created in the future .
In less than a decade of commercial operation , the Internet grew from an environment which supported only a small number of services ( email , file transfer , terminal emulation ) to a network that supports the World Wide Web , instant messaging , voice - over - IP , streaming video , peer - to - peer file sharing , and numerous other services .
That innovation was possible because the underlying architecture of the Internet enables the creation of new services without the agreement and negotiation with network operators .
As Tim Berners - Lee , the inventor of the World Wide Web , wrote ( in his blog ) :
When , seventeen years ago , I designed the Web , I did not have to ask anyone 's permission .
The new application [ the Web ] rolled out over the existing Internet without modifying it .
I tried then , and many people still work very hard still , to make the Web technology , in turn , a universal , neutral , platform . [ 10 ]
The introduction of new services ( such as the Web or instant messaging ) has always been viewed by ISPs as a boon , because they increase the demand for Internet access .
It is true that these new services , if they become popular , have in some cases required ISPs to make various changes in the way they manage their networks , but these network investments have always been seen as worthwhile by network operators because of the new demand created for Internet service .
Similarly , the introduction of new content ( such as search services , maps , video sites , and blogs ) has until now been viewed by ISPs as a boom , because like new applications they increase the demand for Internet access .
Fundamentally , network operators opposed to neutrality no longer are satisfied at benefiting from the increased demand for Internet access , seek to dramatically alter the business model that has been vital to the Internet 's success .
4. Open , non-discriminatory interconnection to Internet peering points .
The global connectivity of the Internet is maintained through a complex set of interconnection ( peering ) arrangements amongst the world 's largest Internet Service Provider networks .
While these arrangements , which together form the Internet Ã¬backbone , Ã® are hidden from view of most users ( individual , commercial , non-commercial ) , they are essential to the Internet 's operation .
The essential function of these peering arrangements is that they ensure that every ISP is able to offer access to and receive traffic from every address on the public Internet .
Without this , the global nature of email , the World Wide Web , and other services would be crippled .
Just as Internet Service Providers must maintain neutral , non-discriminatory relationships with users and content providers , so it is important that they maintain open peering arrangements with other networks .
Despite some consolidation [ 11 ] in control over Internet peering points , I do not see evidence of the need for comprehensive regulation in this area at this time .
However , because of the importance of these peering relationships , I suggest that the openness of these vital arrangements be closely monitored .
Caveat : What Internet Neutrality Is n't
While we learn from the above principles about the fundamentals of a neutral Internet , we also learn what is NOT essential to the Internet 's neutrality .
We learn :
Service - level pricing is widespread and is no threat to neutrality , provided each user ( endpoint ) on the network can choose the level of services appropriate to its needs and provided that many - to - many , end - to - end traffic flow remains possible .
Such service - level pricing can be applied at both ends to content providers ( for example , a small blog web site needing to purchase less throughput than a popular large news site ) and end users at the retail level ( for example , an ISP offering a low cost monthly plan for casual web browsers , and a higher monthly plan for users that want to engage in extensive file sharing ) .
So long as users across the Internet can choose appropriate levels or amounts of Internet access , the Internet 's neutrality principles are not threatened .
Caching is an important part of the Internet today and enables a variety of adaptations for high - bandwidth applications such as streaming video .
There is no objection to network operators providing caching services as long as they continue to offer open access to their networks so that unaffiliated caching services are able to compete on a level playing field .
A variety the peering arrangements has helped the Internet to grow and adapt to new traffic patterns .
This variety is no threat to neutrality .
Based on the 4 essential principles of Internet Neutrality , I conclude that legislation to protect such neutrality should meet the following requirements :
Focus on the essential conditions of Internet Neutrality :
The public policy goal should be to preserve access to the neutral Internet but not to reach into the operation of video programming services not carried over the Internet .
Therefore , Internet Neutrality rules should not be confused with more general broadband neutrality rules .
Avoid supplanting the private - sector - driven innovation process :
No command and control regulatory process should be created that would be in a position to approve or disapprove new protocols or business practices .
On the other hand , a clear set of legislated rules with a streamlined complaint process adjudicated by the FCC or the FTC should be provided .
We can be hopeful that Internet services and applications will continue to develop in a vigorously competitive environment , without the need for any regulatory intervention .
But the neutral character of the Internet is so important to the economic , political and cultural life of the nation that Congress should act now to set out basic rules which will allow the Neutral Internet to continue to flourish and grow .
III .
The role of neutrality and non-discrimination requirements in new broadband networks
I have shown that the Internet is neutral in several critical respects and believe that this neutrality should be protected by statute .
The application of these same neutrality principles to other high capacity broadband communications networks possibly related to but not synonymous with the Internet , poses a more complex set of questions .
I begin by describing various new network offerings either announced or under construction by telco and cable network operators and then consider some service scenarios that raise neutrality concerns .
In some cases I conclude that Internet neutrality principles properly apply to these hybrid situations .
In other case I believe that careful monitoring and general reliance on existing telecommunications regulation ( both Title II and Title VI ) , as well as antitrust law will suffice unless there is evidence of actual anticompetitive harm .
A. General description of new broadband marketplace
Over the last few years , major telephone and cable TV companies have announced plans to build new broadband network infrastructure in order provide an array of services .
Offers are said to include :
High definition television service : both channel - based and on - demand .
High - speed internet access ( at rates of 6 - 15 MB or higher )
Voice telephone service ( in some cases using a VOIP technology )
Other interactive multimedia services
These services raise a variety of questions about which regulatory frameworks do and should apply .
Indeed , one of the first rounds of the Net Neutrality debate , the Brand - X case , centered on the regulatory classification of cable modem services used to offer Internet access .
B. Broadband Internet Scenarios
Of the services described above , some directly implicate Internet neutrality while others have no particular relationship with the Internet ( though may raise other significant communications policy questions ) .
There is also a middle category in which Internet neutrality questions arise given the close relationship between the services themselves and the Internet .
I consider :
Network charges to carry packets from certain e-commerce Web sites
Internet - based Voice over IP service using new quality of service techniques
Television carried over private IP networks ( IPTV ) not connected to the Internet
In each case , we must ask whether Internet neutrality is harmed in any way and if so , how the four Internet Neutrality principles from Section II apply .
1. Discriminatory access to certain Internet services
An early instigator of the Net Neutrality debate was a statement by the CEO of AT&T , declaring that every packet that traversed his network was going to have to pay , even if they had already been paid for by the originating ISP and even given that the customer requesting the data has also paid for the connection .
He said :
" For a Google or a Yahoo or a Vonage or anybody to expect to use these pipes for free is nuts ! '' [ 12 ]
AT&T spokespeople later attempted to clarify that this statement only applied to new broadband infrastructure that was being built by the company .
But does the fact that the Internet service is offered over ' new ' broadband pipes matter when considering Internet Neutrality ?
If any network operator actually followed through on this threat and refused to deliver packets to its customer without the originator of the packets first paying a fee , this would directly violate that first principle of Internet Neutrality .
The harm is just as great regardless of whether the ' ' pipes " are old or new , broadband or narrowband .
If we want the Internet to continue to function as a single , interconnected network across the country and across the world , this kind of discrimination must be prohibited .
2. Internet applications - VOIP
Some cable television companies have announced plans to offer Voice - over - IP service .
Calls would be carried as IP ( Internet protocol ) packets but entirely over the cable companies Ã­ private network .
The packets would be routed directly from the company 's network to the public telephone network , never relying on the Internet for routing .
In order to provide high quality voice transmission and meet FCC E911 requirements , the cable company will use emerging Internet standards to assure ' quality of service . '
It is also likely that the VOIP calls would travel over the same IP service that the cable company uses to offer its cable modem - based Internet access service .
Does Internet Neutrality require that the cable company offer the quality of service technology to competing VOIP providers such as Vonage and Skype ?
While Internet technology standards are used to assure quality of service , none of the VOIP packets ever touch the Internet outside of the cable company 's network .
Is this is an example of a new broadband service that appears closely related to the Internet but may not require neutrality mandates ?
Or , is it closely tied up with the Internet such that failure to require neutrality in the operation of this service would harm the Internet as a whole ?
Clearly , if the cable company 's VOIP service came to rely on transit over the Internet , then Internet Neutrality obligations would apply .
Absent this , I believe that existing rules for VOIP service are adequate .
3. Non-Internet Broadband services : IPTV
Several telephone and cable TV companies plan to offer television service over IPTV networks .
IPTV uses the Internet protocol to carry television images .
In these cases it appears that the IP protocol was chosen for its network engineering efficiencies , and because it is a well - known protocol .
As with the VOIP example above , the networks carrying IPTV signals may be entirely disconnected from the Internet .
Though the data packets look just like those that flow across the Internet , these IPTV packets will remain restricted to the companies ' private networks .
Should IPTV network operators be required to offer non-discriminatory access to this IP service , even though it is not connected to the Internet ?
Given the seeming lack of impact on the Internet , I do not see that extension of Internet Neutrality principles to the cable television market is necessary , absent other competitive dynamics .
IV .
Conclusion : Distinguishing Internet Service from Other Broadband Services
The essential characteristics of Internet Neutrality I have described form a social contract that makes the Internet function .
That contract is made up of a complex set of technical standards , business practices and interconnection arrangements which are together responsible for the ongoing operation and growth of an unprecedented platform for innovation and freedom of expression .
What 's more , the social , technical and business arrangements that make up the Internet are not defined by or constrained to any particular range of bandwidth ( broadband or narrowband ) or carriage medium ( fiber optic cable , coax or twisted pair wire ) .
Today 's Internet already spans the range of very low capacity narrowband service to high capacity broadband service .
Across all of these service types the essential operating principles are the same .
Thus , any network operator or service that benefits from the extraordinary reach and power of the open Neutral Internet should be required to operate under the same neutral rules upon which the Internet depends .
I believe it is possible to craft a light - weight statutory framework that can protect what is vital about this Internet today without impinging on the development of new broadband networks .
Key to defining a lightweight Internet Neutrality framework is to focus requirements on the Internet alone .
We should leave to another debate the question of whether , when or how we may want to apply these principles to other new broadband services that are just now emerging .
Perhaps those services will all naturally become part of the Internet as a result of the great benefits of that open platform .
Or perhaps other business models will develop , requiring different regulatory considerations .
In either case , we ought not try to answer questions about markets that are only just being built , although those should be closely monitored to ensure that they do not intentionally impinge on the growth or robustness of the Internet .
We should , however , be sure that the tremendous commercial and cultural benefits that we know flow from the Internet today are protected .
Most importantly , as we have recognized that the Neutral Internet has been a platform for ongoing innovation - from email to the Web to instant messaging , blogs and VOIP - we should ensure that the next generation of entrepreneurs have the chance to create the next wave of Internet innovation .
Acknowledgements
My understanding of these issues has been greatly enhanced by discussions with Tim Berners - Lee , Dave Clark , Mitchell Kapor , Dave Farber , Leslie Harris , John Morris , Jerry Berman , Gigi Sohn and David Sohn , as well as the participants in an engaging consultation hosted by CDT in January 2006 .
I received detailed and thoughtful comments from from Joe Waz ( Comcast ) and various others who are in the thick of the debate , despite that fact that the do not subscribe to the conclusions in this paper .
Outstanding research assistance and thoughtful commentary were provided by Alissa Cooper and Ross Schulman .
Of course , none of those who helped me bear responsibility or necessarily accept any of the analysis or necessarily subscribe to any of the positions I take here .
This paper was prepared at the request of the Center for Democracy & Technology as part of its investigation into the issues raised by the net neutrality debate .
Weitzner is Principal Research Scientist at MIT Computer Scientist and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and co-founder of the MIT Decentralized Information Group .
He is also Technology and Society Domain Leader of the World Wide Web Consortium .
The views expressed here are purely his own and do not reflect the views of the World Wide Web Consortium or any of its members .
Homepage : http://www.w3.org/People/Weitzner.html
Notes
UPDATE 2 : Yup , it 's a pitch from Zootfly .
They do n't have the Ghostbusters license , however , so unless negotiations with Columbia Pictures work out , do n't expect to see this in stores anytime soon .
However , the scary thing is that I have to admit that if the game was well done and a solid release , I could see myself picking up whatever console supports it .
The nostalgia draw is that strong on this one ( that 's a big Twinkie ) .
UPDATE : Some folks believe this is a pitch from Zootfly , a Slovenian developer ( Slovenian , not Babylonian ) .
I 'll get right to the point .
There are some videos floating around the Internet that show a new game based on Ghostbusters .
It 's a 3D third - person - shooter affair with driving elements from the looks of things .
Nobody really seems to know who created these clips or even if this is an actual commercial product in the works instead of either an unofficial fan project or a failed pitch to a publisher .
Longtime PTB readers may recall how much I desperately want a modern solid Ghostbusters game .
It 's not enough to arm players with a proton pack , however .
A proper Ghostbusters game has to capture the spirit and whimsy of the films .
Attention must be paid to the little details .
Simply slapping the Ghostbusters license on what would otherwise be another generic military - style team - based shooter wo n't do anyone any good .
Considering the sheer number of ways this potential game could go wrong has me terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought .
Concurrency and Erlang
I gave a talk titled Concurrency and Erlang at Linux.conf.au in January , 2007 .
Thank you so much to everybody who attended it and made me feel welcome : I got overwhelmingly positive feedback from it , and it was an honour to speak at such an esteemed conference .
This also serves as a homepage for the very similar Erlang and Concurrency talk that I gave to the Sydney Linux Users ’ Group ( SLUG ) in July 2006 , since the two talks were more - or - less the same .
View the official talk homepage on the Linux.conf.au site .
Download the ( annotated ) slides in PDF format ( ~9.5MB ) .
Note :
These slides are slightly more updated than the official ones that I gave to the Linux.conf.au committee .
Resources and Links
Talk - Specific Stuff
Wikipedia ’s information about Tim Sweeney ’s Unreal Engine series , which powers a pretty extraordinary list of games , from first - person shooters to massively multiplayer online role - playing games .
Small plug : BioShock and Mass Effect , two games I ’m so hanging out for in 2007 , use the Unreal Engine 3 .
The Company of Heroes E3 Trailer and in - game engine demo , which I showed briefly during my talk .
zomgwtf that ’s some fantastic graphics .
Concurrency and General Programming Articles
Software Transactional Memory , or STM , is the last bastion of hope for people who , for whatever reason , must still use shared mutable state in concurrency .
Wikipedia has a great introductory page about it , and Simon Peyton - Jones has the best papers about it .
STM ’s still a very active research topic so it ’s not recommended you use it in production work unless you ’re really confident with it , but it ’s a promising future direction for shared - state concurrency .
Simon Peyton Jones ’s STM page has a lot of links to his research .
page has a lot of links to his research .
There ’s also a new draft paper named Beautiful Concurrency that Simon ’s working on .
Added on 08/02/2007 : Patrick Logan rips software transactional memory to shreds in a blog posting .
His most valid point is that STM is basically untested right now , whereas message - passing and share - nothing concurrency has been used successfully in many systems for many years .
Do n’t take the article ’s opinion as gospel , though !
Yes , Patrick ’s a smart and experienced developer , but Cale Gibbard ( who responds in the comments to the article ) is also a smart guy , and Simon Peyton Jones , a leader in STM research , is a very smart guy — as is Tim Sweeney , who supports STM and has his fair share of experience with threading issues .
Read the article and be aware of the issue , though .
Given the choice , I ’d personally prefer share - nothing and message - passing vs transactional memory , but the two are n’t really mutually exclusive .
( You can implement message - passing on top of STM , if you like . )
Added on 09/02/2007 : The Lambda the Ultimate community discusses Patrick Logan ’s post about STM ( intelligently , as usual ) .
Erlang
Here ’s some Erlang tutorials :
… and here ’s some general articles about Erlang :
C
You have the choice of either using real kernel - level threads in C , or using a library that implements purely userspace threading ( like Erlang , a.k.a. green threads ) .
Userspace threads are very appealing since they ’re so cheap and they arguably interact better with system libraries ( a lot of which simply are n’t threadsafe ) , but unfortunately a big reason to use concurrency in C is to have background threads that perform I/O , which userspace threads do n’t help you with at all since you ’re still running one user process ( from the point of view of the kernel ) for all your threads .
It ’s not very hard to write a lightweight message - passing implementation in C , though : just email me if you ’d like some details on how to do this .
( In GUI applications , it ’s really easy : just send a new event back to the main loop , and let the main thread pick it up and distribute the event to whatever thread should handle it . )
Protothreads for C .
GNU Pth ( a.k.a. GNU portable threads ) , which implements userspace threading in a fairly portable library .
In general , Google around for protothreads , user - space threads , green threads , and actors in combination with C , libraries and the like to search for more interesting C libraries .
Objective -C
( This section added on 22/02/2007 ) .
Here ’s an implementation of Protothreads for Objective -C .
I ’m very grateful to one of my readers for a pointer to an implementation of Erlang - style message queues for Objective - C : each thread has its own message queue , and sending to another thread ’s message queue is asynchronus for the sending process .
The receiving process can process the messages at their leisure .
( Of course , I only found out about this after spending a day writing my own implementation of thread - local message queues …
Murphy ’s Law strikes again ! )
Note that Mac OS X 10.5 ( Leopard ) will augment the very useful -[ NSObject performSelectorOnMainThread:withObject:waitUntilDone : ] method with a bunch of new methods to perform selectors on other threads besides the main thread .
But , uhh , do n’t tell anybody , because I think that ’s information under NDA right now or something .
( Ssssh . )
C++
Java
An introductory article about JavaSpaces .
I ’ve also heard some good things about Jini , Sun ’s Java networking that can be used as a message - passing infrastructure to build applications on .
I do n’t know enough about it to judge whether it ’d be useful at all or not , so check it out yourself and see !
Python
The Stackless Python Homepage , which adds Erlang - style message passing to Python .
An excellent Introduction to Concurrent Programming with Stackless Python .
Note : I did some informal benchmarks with Stackless Python , and the runtime turned out to be pretty good indeed : it was roughly 4 - 5 x slower than Erlang on code that achieved similar goals .
( Note that this is actually quite a compliment : Erlang ’s messaging system is , as you ’d expect , bloody fast . )
I think it ’d be more than feasible to use Stackless in heavily concurrent projects .
JavaScript
( This section added on 15/02/2007 . )
Brendan Eich quoted as saying “ Threads will be added to JavaScript over my dead body ” ( along with one of his mates saying “ I ’d rather eat glass ” ; snigger ) .
Interestingly , he declares that JavaScript 3 “ will be ready for the multicore desktop workload ” .
Let ’s hope that JavaScript 3 fixes the rather bizarre implicit type conversion semantics too …
Haskell
( This section added on 03/02/2007 . )
Haskell has all of the same primitives and ingredients that Erlang has to support pure userspace threading and message - passing .
Arguably , Haskell could be an even better choice than Erlang in the future for two reasons .
First , it ’s actually possible to omit threading from the core language and add it via a library ( as some people have already done ) , which means that you can choice your threading model at your pleasure : kernel threads ?
Userspace threads ?
It ’s up to you .
Second , the type system can be used to check invariants and concurrency properties if you wield it correctly , and also forces a very clear separation of functions that do and do not manipulate state .
GHC already supports many concurrency primitives ( including the MVar , the nicest sort of mutable state primitive that I ’ve seen yet ) , including using a combination of purely userspace threads with kernel threads .
I have n’t done any threading in Haskell for a long time and no doubt the state - of - the - art has moved very forward in the past few years , so Google around and check out the Haskell wiki yourself : there ’s bound to be a plethora of information out there .
Keep in mind that Software Transactional Memory is also in Haskell !
Blogs and good programming language sites :
Patrick Logan often talks about concurrency and distributed programming issues , and has insightful comments on everything from Python to LISP , Erlang , Smalltalk and Java .
Erlang , Smalltalk and Java .
Lambda the Ultimate is an excellent site about programming languages that has an enormous number of interesting threads covering everything from concurrency issues to type systems .
gamearchitect.net has a lot of interesting articles on dealing with the complexity problems faced by games programmers , including a few about concurrency .
And , of course , there ’s my own blog , where I write a whole bunch of my own opinionated crap about coding .
Redux
There ’s a lot of information that I wanted to disseminate during the talk , but there ’s just not enough time in 30 minutes to talk about too much stuff !
A few people commented that I was making Erlang out to be the best thing ever .
Please do n’t take it that way : I ’ve had experience with quite a few languages ( C , C++ , Python , Ruby , Erlang , Haskell , Objective - C ) and all of them have their place and merits .
Erlang is a stellar choice for writing highly distributed or concurrent applications , or for anything to do with network servers .
Due to its lack of good GUI bindings , I would n’t use it for a normal desktop application unless the domain ’s really quite specialised : stick with a more mainstream language for that kind of app , though still try to avoid shared - state concurrency if possible !
If there ’s anything you ’d like me to clarify or ask about at all , please feel free to email me via the link at the bottom of this page .
BALTIMORE -
Next time you chat online , think twice about your screen name .
A new study finds that using a female screen name like Cathy , Melissa or Stephanie is more likely to elicit threatening and sexually explicit messages .
In the study , automated chat - bots and human researchers logged on to chat rooms under female , male and ambiguous screen names , such as Nightwolf , Orgoth and Stargazer .
Bots using female names averaged 100 malicious messages a day , compared with about four for those using male names and about 25 for those with ambiguous names .
Researchers logging on themselves produced similar results .
Michel Cukier , the study 's author and a professor at the University of Maryland 's Center for Risk and Reliability , said the findings show the risks of placing personal information on the Internet , " even disclosing just your first name . "
Cukier said the difficulty of writing computer programs , or scripts , that can tell the difference between males and females online shows the menacing messages were not generated automatically .
" These are real users who seem to look for female names , " Cukier said .
The results are to be published in the proceedings of the Institute of Electronics and Electrical Engineers ' International Conference on Dependable Systems and Networks , which will be held in June .
Parry Aftab , an online - safety expert , said she was not surprised .
" It 's sad that we have to say to men and women , but especially women , ` Do n't give away too much information and that includes your gender , ' " she said .
" There 's no reason for people to have to know that you 're a woman . "
Associated Press
This is the first color image of Mars from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
The blankets of material ejected from the many small fresh craters are generally brighter and redder than the surrounding surface , but a few are darker and less red .
This is the first color image of Mars from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
At the center portion of the camera 's array of light detectors there are extra detectors to image in green and near - infrared color bandpasses , to be combined with the black - and - white images ( from red- bandpass detectors ) to create color images .
This is not natural color as seen by human eyes , but infrared color -- shifted to longer wavelengths .
This image also has been processed to enhance subtle color variations .
The southern half of the scene is brighter and bluer than the northern half , perhaps due to early - morning fog in the atmosphere .
Large - scale streaks in the northern half are due to the action of wind on surface materials .
The blankets of material ejected from the many small fresh craters are generally brighter and redder than the surrounding surface , but a few are darker and less red .
Two greenish spots in the middle right of the scene may have an unusual composition , and are good future targets for the Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer for Mars , a mineral - identifying instrument on Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( crism.jhuapl.edu/ ) .
In the bottom half of the image we see a redder color in the rough areas , where wind and sublimation of water or carbon dioxide ice have partially eroded patches of smooth - textured deposits .
This image was taken by HiRISE on March 24 , 2006 .
The image is centered at 33.65 degrees south latitude , 305.07 degrees east longitude .
It is oriented such that north is 7 degrees to the left of up .
The range to the target was 2,493 kilometers ( 1,549 miles ) .
At this distance the image scale is 2.49 meters ( 8.17 feet ) per pixel , so objects as small as 7.5 meters ( 24.6 feet ) are resolved .
In total this image is 49.92 kilometers ( 31.02 miles ) or 20,081 pixels wide and 23.66 kilometers ( 14.70 miles ) or 9,523 pixels long .
The image was taken at a local Mars time of 07:33 and the scene is illuminated from the upper right with a solar incidence angle of 78 degrees , thus the sun was 12 degrees above the horizon .
At an Ls of 29 degrees ( with Ls an indicator of Mars ' position in its orbit around the sun ) , the season on Mars is southern autumn .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
Explore further Perseverance microphones fulfill long Planetary Society campaign to hear sounds from Mars
カナダのトロンド大学にあ るCitizen Labは12月1日、プロキシツール「 Psiphon」を正式リリースした。サイトから無料でダウンロードすることができる。
Psiphonは、中国やイランなど 、Web閲覧が政府によって監視、規制されている国に住む人々が、監視の目を逃れて自由にサイト閲覧できるようにすることを目的としたソフトウェアである。
Psiphonは、信頼できるソーシャルネットワークに依存するという点でユニークな構造を持つ。まず、Web閲覧が監視されていない国に住む人々が自分のパソコンにPsiphonソフトウェアをダウンロードして、リモートPsiphonサーバ（psiphonodeと呼ぶ）を実行、ユーザーアカウントを管理する。監視されている国に住む人々（psiphonite）は、psiphonode経由でWebに接続するという仕組み。
Psiphonは一般のプロキシサーバと同様に機能し、暗号化されたネットワーク経由でユーザー（psiphonite）のリクエストを受け取って処理し、ユーザー、つまりクライアント側に返す。Psiphonを利用するには、特定のWebアドレスにアクセスし、psiphonodeから受け取ったユーザーネームとパスワードを使ってログインする必要がある。つまりユーザー側は、ソフトウェアをダウンロードする必要がない。
従来のプロキシサーバはアドレスが広く公開され、誰もが匿名で利用可能なのに対し、Psiphonでは個人がサーバ管理を行い、自分が信頼できる数人のアクセスを可能にする点で大きく異なる。一般公開されているプロキシサーバは政府によってブロックされる可能性が高いが、無数の個人がアクセスポイントとなるPsiphonでは、規制が困難になる。
A web application framework that truely fascinates me is Seaside .
Seaside , written in Smalltalk , has great vision and ideals for web applications by using continuations to suspend and resume code .
It breaks free of the typical request / response cycle , and manages state to a fault .
This code , from an example store application for Seaside , is the go method of the WAStoreTask object .
This method runs the store .
Stay with me now , this is important .
This runs the store .
This is the flow .
It ’s native Smalltalk .
It ’s not XML , YAML , An Array or list .
It does n’t get translated into any structure like that .
Upon first visit to the application , this code starts executing .
go | shipping billing creditCard | cart := WAStoreCart new .
self isolate : [ [ self fillCart. self confirmContentsOfCart ] while False ]. self isolate : [ shipping := self getShippingAddress .
billing := ( self useAsBillingAddress : shipping ) if False : [ self getBilling Address ] if True : [ shipping ] .
creditCard := self getPaymentInfo. self shipTo : shipping billTo : billing payWith : creditCard ]. self displayConfirmation .
The isolate method calls wrap a block in a WATransaction , making that transaction run over multiple requests .
I ’m not sure if this WATransaction maps to how I ’m used to them as a Zope developer , but I do gather that it cleans extraneous objects up that were racked up in that ‘ isolate ’ call .
The use of continuations and a sort of invisible ‘ session ’ management that runs behind it makes for very brief code .
Looking at my own Zope 2 e-commerce application , I see many lines spent having to look things back up : getting data out of the Session , getting data out of the Request , getting data out of the Database (s ) , and so on and so on and so on .
With each request / response cycle , especially late into the Checkout process ( which depends on all of the accumulated data of the shopping experience ) , the list of dependencies gets bigger .
Guards have to be in place to ensure that the session and account are still active late in the checkout process , and that going to one of the checkout pages with an empty cart is disallowed …
So it ’s interesting to look above and see just a small handful of expressions boil down the whole experience .
An aspect of Seaside that is especially interesting is action calling , via hyperlinks or form submission .
I also like how it does HTML generation , preferring to use objects / methods instead of templates .
This is from a WAStoreItemView .
renderContentOn : html is a common method that all the views implement .
Unlike the so - called ‘ MVC ’ that is being popularized in Ruby on Rails , Turbogears , etc , this is actually closer to Zope 3 ’s views wherein it ’s an object that wraps ( decorates ) another object .
renderContentOn : html html heading : item title .
html heading : item subtitle level : 3 . html paragraph : item description .
html italic : item price printStringAsCents . html form : [ html submitButtonWithAction : [ self addToCart ] text : ' Add To Cart ' .
html space .
html submitButtonWithAction : [ self answer ] text : ' Done ' . ]
Still straightforward and readable .
Especially interesting are the submitButtonWithAction calls .
The first argument is a block that gets executed when that button is clicked .
addToCart is straightforward enough :
addToCart cart add : item
The page gets rendered as normal , staying on the WAStoreItemView , but each time you click ‘ addToCart ’ you ’ll watch the cart display component fill up and fill up .
[ html anchorWithAction : [ cart remove : anItem ] text : '-'] is in that cart display to , of course , remove the item .
Back to the WAStoreItemView renderContentOn buttons , the other interesting one is the button for Done .
It calls self answer .
What ’s it answering ?
A call !
Specifically , this call from WAStoreFillCart .
WAStoreFillCart is the component that ’s responsible for browsing , searching , and displaying items .
Any link to displayItem : anItem calls this :
displayItem : anItem main call : ( WAStoreItemView new item : anItem ; cart : cart )
What calls this display item , and why does it matter ?
Think of most web applications – there are more than a few ways to get at the data inside the application .
There ’s searching , there ’s browsing by ‘ tag ’ , there are dashboards ( big overview pages ) , there are personal pages , there are direct listings .
When you go from one of those listings to something more detailed , how do you go back ?
In Seaside , call and answer provide that functionality , among other things .
Clicking the ‘ Done ’ button that calls ‘ self answer ’ returns control back up to whatever called it .
So if you found the store item on page 3 out of 5 in a batched list , you ’re sent back to page 3 out of 5 .
If you got there through a list of links from a search result , you ’re taken back to those search results .
It feels natural .
The developer does n’t have to maintain information about the calling page to return back to it .
Again , looking at my own big and old Zope 2 based e-commerce application , I have a few ‘ handlers ’ which are thin scripts over the business logic implemented in core components .
Many handlers have paths passed in about which page to report errors to , and which page to go to on success .
This allows them to be used from multiple pages , within the structure of the good old scripts ’n’templates system ( but the scripts are really thin layers to underlying code that does validation , processing , business logic , etc ) .
Man , would n’t it be nice to have that be more automatic instead of some hidden fields like ‘ errorto ’ , ‘ returnto ’ with paths ?
All in all , what I ’ve really liked about playing around briefly with Seaside is the feeling of liberation from not only the request / response cycle , but also from the Template model .
I ’m suddenly very tired of templates as string insertion languages being the ‘ view ’ ( coff ! ) .
I do n’t mind using them for the broadest of layouts .
But whether it ’s template attribute style languages or string insertion , I ’m just suddenly tired of seeing and maintaining things like this :
< ul > < li tal: repeat = " item view / listItems " > < a tal: attributes =" href string : ${context/absolute_url}/${item/name} " tal:content= " item/ description " >
Description </ a> </li > </ul > < ul > < % for item in view.listItems %> < li >< a href= " ./<%= item.name %>" ><%= item.description %></a></li> <% end %> </ul >
My problem with them is not so much the language itself , but the casual callous way important bits like URLs and more are constructed .
I ’ve generally been a big fan of Zope ’s TAL ( Template Attribute Language , used in the first example ) , but sometimes it ’s too hard to do simple things .
Even more frustrating , lately , has been the lack of good helper functions for use in Python expressions in those templates .
Zope 2 has “ ZTUtils ” which has a small set of useful utility and objects .
But if those are in Zope 3 , I have n’t found them .
I ’ve generally been against the PHP style of ‘ templates ’ where it all becomes super muddy ( how many PHP ‘ apps ’ do you see with print / echo statements in the code that then have HTML inside of a string ? ) .
Most of the Python PHP / ASP / JSP style systems I ’ve seen have been especially bad , primarily because of Python ’s block structure and lack of ‘ end ’ statements or closing braces inside the language , so doing the ‘ for ’ loop like above has varied between different implementations .
It ’s just not what Python is built for , at all .
My experiences with Ruby on Rails has been better .
Ruby has the ‘ end ’ statement .
And it really is a nice concise language that does n’t look all that bad in Erb templates .
But what makes Ruby on Rails especially nice is the large collection of helpers .
The helpers are a big collection of functions and objects ( much bigger than ZTUtils ) that makes it pretty nice to work in the template .
So instead of the tag - with in - a - tag style shown above to generate the ‘ href ’ part of the link , the common idiom in rails is to use this :
<%= link_to article.
title , :action => ' show ' , : id => article %> <%= link_to ' Destroy ' , { :action => ' destroy ' , :id => article } , : confirm =>
' Are you sure ? ' %>
This brings it closer to one of the things I like about the Seaside experience : you ’re not writing into a string to make a link , you ’re linking to objects and methods directly .
Not only that , you ’re using other options ( like shown in the second example above ) to do things like common Javascript events , or to do tricks to make a regular hyperlink perform an HTTP POST request .
Ultimately , they make the development experience feel more like actual application programming .
For the record , there ’s a fairly direct Python implementation of many of Rails helpers available too .
Some of the things I ’ve done for my Zope 3 development lately has been to take ideas from these systems .
I ’ve started building my own helpers system , implemented as a Zope adapter for the Request .
Since the Request has ‘ skin ’ information in it , it ’s possible to extend the helper with specialized functions for a particular skin , knowing that it might have certain javascript libraries or DOM identifiers / CSS stylings available .
I also have a simple HTML builder system , inspired by Nevow ’s Stan , but without the more advanced features like mutation , macros , or .. well , pretty much anything advanced .
Applying a python getitem trick and making an object that generates any kind of Tag object by name , I can spit out pretty much anything .
With Zope 3.2 and the introduction of viewlets and content providers , I ’ve been focusing on building smaller and smaller view components .
I ’ve stopped thinking of pages in the standard macro + content or header + content + footer sense and have gotten back into thinking of a page as a collection of connected yet independent view objects .
html = api.htmlHelperFor(self ) ul = T.ul ( class_='menu ' ) for item in self.listItems ( ) : ul << T.li [ html.linkTextTo( item.name , item ) ] return unicode ( ul ) #
Or , for more fun html = api.htmlHelperFor(self ) return unicode ( T.ul( class_='menu ' ) [ (
T.li[html.linkTextTo(item.name , html.viewURL(item , ' delete ' ) , confirm = ' Are you sure ? ' , post= True ) ] for item in self.listItems ( ) ) ] )
Added to that , zope .
formlib delivers form components with ‘ Actions ’ bound intelligently to methods .
zope. formlib handles dispatching to the proper action instead of just having Zope ’s publisher go to a method / view directly to handle forms :
@form.action ( u" Import Articles " , condition=form.haveInputFields , failure= ' handleFailure ') def importArticles ( self , action , data ) : #
This gets called when the ' import articles ' button is clicked , and # only if validation succeeds .
The button only gets rendered if there # are input fields - a form can be generated to display data on a field # by field basis according to security , which can set up ' view ' # situations for unprivileged users - and you would n't want to have # an input button when there are no input fields , right ?
# ' data ' has all of the validated form input , and can be easily # applied like this : form.applyChanges(self.context , self.form_fields , data ) def handleFailure ( self , action , data , errors ) : # Optionally , individual actions can have other methods associated # with them to handle action - specific features for validation , # validation failure , and so on .
Being actual objects , they can be referred to in the view or view ’s template and filtered out if unavailable :
controls = T.div(class_=" controls " ) for action in self.actions : if not action.available ( ) : continue controls << action.render ( ) controls << ' '
I like having tools like this available .
It really makes the application feel a lot stronger .
‘ formlib ’ is pretty simple , conceptually , while providing a lot of flexibility and features and strength on the ‘ web application as actual application ’ front .
That ’s the nice thing with Seaside and Rails ’ controller / view layer and its helpers too : a lot of tools , some simple concepts , a lot of power .
There is an absurd scene in Palestinian writer Suad Amiry ’s recent book Sharon and My Mother - in - Law that is revealing about Israeli Jews ’ attitude to the two other monotheistic religions .
In 1992 , long before Israel turned Amiry ’s home city of Ramallah into a permanent ghetto behind checkpoints and walls , it was still possible for West Bank Palestinians to drive to Jerusalem and even into Israel  at least if they had the right permit .
On one occasion Amiry ventures out in her car to East Jerusalem , the half of the city that was Palestinian before the 1967 war and has since been engulfed by relentless illegal and state - organized Jewish settlement .
There she sees an elderly Jew collapsing out his car and on to the side of the road .
She pulls over , realizes he is having a heart attack and bundles him into the back of her own car .
Not able to speak Hebrew , she reassures him in English that she is taking him to the nearest hospital .
But as it starts to dawn on him that she is Palestinian , Amiry realizes the terrible problem her charitable act has created : his fear may prompt him to have another heart attack .
" What if he had a fatal heart attack in the back seat of my car ?
Would the Israeli police ever believe I was just trying to help ? " she wonders .
The Jewish man seeks to calm himself by asking Amiry if she is from Bethlehem , a Palestinian city known for being Christian .
Unable to lie , she tells him she is from Ramallah .
" You ’re Christian ? " he asks more directly .
" Muslim , " she admits , to his utter horror .
Only when they finally make it to the hospital does he relax enough to mumble in thanks :
" There are good Palestinians after all . "
I was reminded of that story as I made the journey to Bethlehem on Christmas Day .
The small city that Amiry ’s Jewish heart attack victim so hoped she would hail from is today as much of an isolated enclave in the West Bank as other Palestinian cities  or at least it is for its Palestinian inhabitants .
For tourists and pilgrims , getting in or out of Bethlehem has been made reasonably straightforward , presumably to conceal from international visitors the realities of Palestinian life .
I was even offered a festive chocolate Santa Claus by the Israeli soldiers who control access to the city where Jesus was supposedly born .
Seemingly oblivious to the distressing historical parallels , however , Israel forces foreigners to pass through a " border crossing "  a gap in the menacing grey concrete wall  that recalls the stark black and white images of the entrance to Auschwitz .
The gates of Auschwitz offered a duplicitous motto , " Arbeit macht frei " ( Work makes you free ) , and so does Israel ’s gateway to Bethlehem .
" Peace be with you " is written in English , Hebrew and Arabic on a colorful large notice covering part of the grey concrete .
The people of Bethlehem have scrawled their own , more realistic assessments of the wall across much of its length .
Foreign visitors can leave , while Bethlehem ’s Palestinians are now sealed into their ghetto .
As long as these Palestinian cities are not turned into death camps , the West appears ready to turn a blind eye .
Mere concentration camps , it seems , are acceptable .
The West briefly indulged in a bout of soul - searching about the wall following the publication in July 2004 of the International Court of Justice ’s advisory opinion condemning its construction .
Today the only mild rebukes come from Christian leaders around Christmas time .
Britain ’s Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , was foremost among them this year .
Even those concerns , however , relate mainly to fears that the Holy Land ’s native Christians , once a significant proportion of the Palestinian population , are rapidly dwindling .
There are no precise figures , but the Israeli media suggests that Christians , who once constituted as much as 15 per cent of the occupied territories ’
Palestinians , are now just 2 or 3 per cent .
Most are to be found in the West Bank close to Jerusalem , in Bethlehem , Ramallah and neighboring villages .
A similar pattern can be discerned inside Israel too , where Christians have come to comprise an ever - smaller proportion of Palestinians with Israeli citizenship .
In 1948 they were nearly a quarter of that minority ( itself 20 per cent of the total Israeli population ) , and today they are a mere 10 percent .
Most are located in Nazareth and nearby villages in the Galilee .
Certainly , the continuing fall in the number of Christians in the Holy Land concerns Israel ’s leadership almost as keenly as the patriarchs and bishops who visit Bethlehem at Christmas  but for quite the opposite reason .
Israel is happy to see Christians leave , at least of the indigenous Palestinian variety .
( More welcome are the crazed fundamentalist Christian Zionists from the United States who have been arriving to help engineer the departure of Palestinians , Muslims and Christians alike , in the belief that , once the Jews have dominion over the whole of the Holy Land , Armageddon and the " End Times " will draw closer . )
Of course , that is not Israel ’s official story .
Its leaders have been quick to blame the exodus of Christians on the wider Palestinian society from which they are drawn , arguing that a growing Islamic extremism , and the election of Hamas to lead the Palestinian Authority , have put Christians under physical threat .
This explanation neatly avoids mentioning that the proportion of Christians has been falling for decades .
According to Israel ’s argument , the decision by many Christians to leave the land where generations of their ancestors have been rooted is simply a reflection of the " clash of civilizations , " in which a fanatical Islam is facing down the Judeo - Christian West .
Palestinian Christians , like Jews , have found themselves caught on the wrong side of the Middle East ’s confrontation lines .
Here is how the Jerusalem Post , for example , characterized the fate of the Holy Land ’s non-Muslims in a Christmas editorial : " Muslim intolerance toward Christians and Jews is cut from exactly the same cloth .
It is the same jihad . "
The Post concluded by arguing that only by confronting the jihadis would " the plight of persecuted Christians  and of the persecuted Jewish state  be ameliorated . "
Similar sentiments were recently aired in an article by Aaron Klein of WorldNetDaily republished on Ynet , Israel ’s most popular website , that preposterously characterized a procession of families through Nazareth on Eid al - Adha , the most important Muslim festival , as a show of strength by militant Islam designed to intimidate local Christians .
Islam ’s green flags were " brandished , " according to Klein , whose reporting transformed a local troupe of Scouts and their marching band into " Young Muslim men in battle gear " " beating drums . "
Nazareth ’s youngsters , meanwhile , were apparently the next generation of Qassam rocket engineers : " Muslim children launched firecrackers into the sky , occasionally misfiring , with the small explosives landing dangerously close to the crowds . "
Such sensationalist misrepresentations of Palestinian life are now a staple of the local and American media .
Support for Hamas , for example , is presented as proof of jihadism run amok in Palestinian society rather than as evidence of despair at Fatah ’s corruption and collaboration with Israel and ordinary Palestinians ’ determination to find leaders prepared to counter Israel ’s terminal cynicism with proper resistance .
The clash of civilizations thesis is usually ascribed to a clutch of American intellectuals , most notably Samuel Huntingdon , the title of whose book gave the idea popular currency , and the Orientalist academic Bernard Lewis .
But alongside them have been the guiding lights of the neocon movement , a group of thinkers deeply embedded in the centers of American power who were recently described by Ynet as mainly comprising " Jews who share a love for Israel . "
In fact , the idea of a clash of civilizations grew out of a worldview that was shaped by Israel ’s own interpretation of its experiences in the Middle East .
An alliance between the neocons and Israeli leaders was cemented in the mid-1990s with the publication of a document called " A Clean Break : A New Strategy for Securing the Realm . "
It offered a US foreign policy tailor - made to suit Israel ’s interests , including plans for an invasion of Iraq , authored by leading neocons and approved by the Israeli prime minister of the day , Binyamin Netanyahu .
When the neocons rose to power with George Bush ’s election to the White House , the birth of the bastard offspring of the clash of civilizations  the war on terror  was all but inevitable .
Paradoxically , this vision of our future , set out by American and Israeli Jews , is steeped in fundamentalist Christian religious symbolism , from the promotion of a civilized West ’s crusade against the Muslim hordes to the implication that the final confrontation between these civilizations ( a nuclear attack on Iran ? ) may be the End Times itself  and thereby lead to the return of the Messiah .
If this clash is to be realized , it must be convincing at its most necessary confrontation line : the Middle East and more specifically the Holy Land .
The clash of civilizations must be embodied in Israel ’s experience as a civilized , democratic state fighting for its very survival against its barbarian Muslim neighbors .
There is only one problem in selling this image to the West : the minority of Christian Palestinians who have happily lived under Muslim rule in the Holy Land for centuries .
Today , in a way quite infuriating to Israel , these Christians confuse the picture by continuing to take a leading role in defining Palestinian nationalism and resistance to Israel ’s occupation .
They prefer to side with the Muslim " fanatics " than with Israel , the Middle East ’s only outpost of Judeo - Christian " civilization . "
The presence of Palestinian Christians reminds us that the supposed " clash of civilizations " in the Holy Land is not really a war of religions but a clash of nationalisms , between the natives and European colonial settlers .
Inside Israel , for example , Christians have been the backbone of the Communist party , the only non-Zionist party Israel allowed for several decades .
Many of the Palestinian artists and intellectuals who are most critical of Israel are Christians , including the late novelist Emile Habibi ; the writer Anton Shammas and film - makers Elia Suleiman and Hany Abu Assad ( all now living in exile ) ; and the journalist Antoine Shalhat ( who , for reasons unknown , has been placed under a loose house arrest , unable to leave Israel ) .
The most notorious Palestinian nationalist politician inside Israel is Azmi Bishara , yet another Christian , who has been put on trial and is regularly abused by his colleagues in the Knesset .
Similarly , Christians have been at the core of the wider secular Palestinian national movement , helping to define its struggle .
They range from exiled professors such as the late Edward Said to human rights activists in the occupied territories such as Raja Shehadeh .
The founders of the most militant wings of the national movement , the Democratic and Popular Fronts for the Liberation of Palestine , were Nayif Hawatmeh and George Habash , both Christians .
This intimate involvement of Palestinian Christians in the Palestinian national struggle is one of the reasons why Israel has been so keen to find ways to encourage their departure  and then blame it on intimidation by , and violence from , Muslims .
In truth , however , the fall in the number of Christians can be explained by two factors , neither of which is related to a clash of civilizations .
The first is a lower rate of growth among the Christian population .
According to the latest figures from Israel ’s Bureau of Census Statistics , the average Christian household in Israel contains 3.5 people compared to 5.2 in a Muslim household .
Looked at another way , in 2005 33 percent of Christians were under the age of 19 , compared to 55 percent of Muslims .
In other words , the proportion of Christians in the Holy Land has been eroded over time by higher Muslim birth rates .
But a second factor is equally , if not more , important .
Israel has established an oppressive rule for Palestinians both inside Israel and in the occupied territories that has been designed to encourage the most privileged Palestinians , which has meant disproportionately Christians , to leave .
This policy has been implemented with stealth for decades , but has been greatly accelerated in recent years with the erection of the wall and numerous checkpoints .
The purpose has been to encourage the Palestinian elite and middle class to seek a better life in the West , turning their back on the Holy Land .
Palestinian Christians have had the means to escape for two reasons .
First , they have traditionally enjoyed a higher standard of living , as city - based shopkeepers and business owners , rather than poor subsistence farmers in the countryside .
And second , their connection to the global Churches has made it simpler for them to find sanctuary abroad , often beginning as trips for their children to study overseas .
Israel has turned Christian parents ’ financial ability and their children ’s increased opportunities to its own advantage , by making access to higher education difficult for Palestinians both inside Israel and in the occupied territories .
Inside Israel , for example , Palestinian citizens still find it much harder to attend university than Jewish citizens , and even more so to win places on the most coveted courses , such as medicine and engineering .
Instead , for many decades Israel ’s Christians and Muslims became members of the Communist party in the hope of receiving scholarships to attend universities in Eastern Europe .
Christians were also able to exploit their ties to the Churches to help them head off to the West .
Many of these overseas graduates , of course , never returned , especially knowing that they would be faced with an Israeli economy much of which is closed to non-Jews .
Something similar occurred in the occupied territories , where Palestinian universities have struggled under the occupation to offer a proper standard of education , particularly faced with severe restrictions on the movement of staff and students .
Still today , it is not possible to study for a PhD in either the West Bank or Gaza , and Israel has blocked Palestinian students from attending its own universities .
The only recourse for most who can afford it has been to head abroad .
Again , many have chosen never to return .
But in the case of the Palestinians of Gaza and the West Bank , Israel found it even easier to close the door behind them .
It established rules , in violation of international law , that stripped these Palestinians of their right to residency in the occupied territories during their absence .
When they tried to return to their towns and villages , many found that they were allowed to stay only on temporary visas , including tourist visas , that they had to renew with the Israeli authorities every few months .
Nearly a year ago , Israel quietly took a decision to begin kicking these Palestinians out by refusing to issue new visas .
Many of them are academics and business people who have been trying to rebuild Palestinian society after decades of damage inflicted by the occupying regime .
A recent report by the most respected Palestinian university , Bir Zeit , near Ramallah , revealed that one department had lost 70 per cent of its staff because of Israel ’s refusal to renew visas .
Although there are no figures available , it can probably be safely assumed that a disproportionate number of Palestinians losing their residency rights are Christian .
Certainly the effect of further damaging the education system in the occupied territories will be to increase the exodus of Palestine ’s next generation of leaders , including its Christians .
In addition , the economic strangulation of the Palestinians by the wall , the restrictions on movement and the international economic blockade of the Palestinian Authority are damaging the lives of all Palestinians with increasing severity .
Privileged Palestinians , and that doubtless includes many Christians , are being encouraged to seek a rapid exit from the territories .
From Israel ’s point of view , the loss of Palestinian Christians is all to the good .
It will be happier still if all of them leave , and Bethlehem and Nazareth pass into the effective custodianship of the international Churches .
Without Palestinian Christians confusing the picture , it will be much easier for Israel to persuade the West that the Jewish state is facing a monolithic enemy , fanatical Islam , and that the Palestinian national struggle is really both a cover for jihad and a distraction from the clash of civilizations against which Israel is the ultimate bulwark .
Israel ’s hands will be freed .
Israelis like Amiry ’s heart attack victim may believe that Palestinian Christians are not really a threat to their or their state ’s existence , but be sure that Israel has every reason to continue persecuting and excluding Palestinian Christians as much , if not more , than it does Palestinian Muslims .
The Eclipse framework is not a single entity .
It is built up from many smaller pieces all working together called plugins to provide not only an integrated environment but one that is highly modifiable and extensible .
This extensibility is accomplished not only via connection or interaction with existing add - on plugins but in the ability for just about anyone with a modicum of development experience to add their own plugins in a relatively short amount of time .
Gone are the days when an Integrated Development Environment ( IDE ) vendor would need a large group of developers just to design and code the numerous windows , buttons and widgets necessary to field a professional IDE .
Eclipse forms the graphical backbone for these IDEs across a wide variety of desktop operating systems freeing up a vendors programmers to work on the core competencies of the company rather than just the vehicle for user display and interaction .
In its earliest literature Eclipse billed itself as " An IDE for everything and nothing " .
Eclipse 's mission is now defined as " Eclipse is an open source community whose projects are focused on providing an extensible development platform and application frameworks for building software " .
Coming as it did in the very beginning of the Web - based development approach to open source software , Eclipse is heavily dependent on such new online capabilities as Wiki thru its Eclipsepedia .
This article is excerpted from a paper of the same name presented at the Embedded Systems Conference Boston 2006 .
Used with permission of the Embedded Systems Conference .
For more information , please visit www.embedded.com/esc/boston/
An EPIC event for Eclipse
A fairly new addition to the ranks was originally started by Genuitec , Innopract and Instantiations .
called Eclipse Plugin Central or EPIC .
EPIC was recently formalized and accepted by the Eclipse Foundation .
EPIC is defined as offering " the Eclipse community a convenient , information - rich portal that helps software developers find open source and commercial Eclipse plugins , tools , and products that enhance the entire Java software development life - cycle . "
EPIC is now part of the eclipse.org web site and bills itself as " the community portal for Eclipse - based products and plugins " .
Joining the eclipse.org fold has been a fairly straightforward process for the EPIC designers as the only real change seen by users is that they are now governed by the same terms of use and privacy policy of the core eclipse.org site .
The EPIC site is a useful place for monitors of Eclipse trends as the site lists such information as News and Headlines , a Plugin Directory and New Product Announcements .
They also provide plugin ratings based on Activity as well as Top - Rated and New / Updated sections .
A License to Bill
Eclipse Public License
EPL
GNU Public License
GPL
In the parlance of the open source community the EPL is not considered viral i.e. it does n't of and by itself " infect " other pieces of software forcing plugins ( and their vendor companies ) to be completely open .
Vendors are free to make their own decisions about whether or not to make their product source code openly available to their customers .
There seems to be three mindsets when it comes to considering Eclipse as an underlying framework for any desktop application , not just embedded operating system IDEs .
The first mindset is the most exclusionary ; to ignore or otherwise refuse to utilize Eclipse in any way in an IDE or application project .
This occurs most often in vendors who have a fairly complete proprietary system that has already been in use for quite some time .
This represents a fairly large monetary investment for these companies so they are naturally reluctant to hand over the reins of certain product areas to an open environment such as Eclipse .
The problem with this approach is that it does not typically allow the user to mix - and - match best - of - class tools from other vendors in a single environment instead locking the user into a fairly exclusionary proprietary approach .
The far more dominant approach to using Eclipse is that of proprietary vendors who use Eclipse as their graphical desktop backbone , in a sense piggy - backing on top of an open environment ( Eclipse ) to provide their own still - proprietary functionality .
Often vendors with this mindset will reduce or otherwise modify the Eclipse environment thereby replacing certain Eclipse functionality with their own proprietary solutions for specific types of application usage or development .
In this case , the vendor is free to utilize the Eclipse framework and its open nature while reserving the most critical path functionality for a proprietary solution .
In some extreme cases however what is left may not resemble the core of Eclipse as much as their customers might wish it to .
A still smaller group of companies , usually with a much smaller level of engineering investment , will endeavor to retain all or most of the same open source philosophy employed by the Eclipse Foundation .
These companies usually ship their products as complete source code or source - code - plus - binary solutions .
The advantage to this approach is two - fold .
First these vendors will usually have a smaller customer support workload as the customers themselves can often address bugs or create workarounds without requiring outside assistance from the vendor .
Customers with this ability also may develop an increased sense of ownership in the product and a willingness to contribute to its continued success .
Secondly , these smaller vendors often enjoy a healthy level of professional services work in designing and delivering modifications not only to their own core product lines but often to the Eclipse framework as well .
All of these add up to a greater level of customer interaction and control of the application or development environment while ensuring a steady stream of product improvements and enhancements to the vendor .
Eating Your Own Dog Food
In the software development industry , there is a saying among IDE developers called " Eating Your Own Dog Food " .
This refers to the fact that many developers of IDEs do n't actually use their IDEs either to develop their IDE product or as a development environment for other products .
Instead many IDE developers use command - line methods to construct the interface they expect users to use .
As a result , since the developers of the IDE are not , in fact , users of the IDE , there is a loss of understanding or empathy for the user experience .
They do n't eat their own dog food .
If a developer was forced to eat something ( like dog food ) that he could design then the dog food would almost by definition be the best tasting dog food around .
What does this have to do with Eclipse ?
Eclipse eats its own dog food .
To develop plugins to run in Eclipse , you use Eclipse and its Plugin Development Environment ( PDE ) plugins .
Within the PDE the developer can create a new plugin and can then run and debug it from within Eclipse using what is called the Runtime Workspace .
The Runtime Workspace is a directory just like the regular Workspace directory that is persistent and works as if it was a real Workspace for the plugin under test .
When testing , Eclipse actually launches a second version of itself that acts as if it was a regular Eclipse installation with the new plugin already installed .
Developers see and do exactly what the user would see and do .
Armed with the PDE , plugin developers can develop for Eclipse while working in Eclipse .
This means that literally every Eclipse developer is also a user with a user 's perspective of the environment .
In this way , the Eclipse community stays fully in touch with its users with an accompanying willingness ( and self - interest ) not only to test new functionality but to participate in bug fixes and updates .
The PDE is constantly under revision to accommodate the needs of an ever - widening group of Java developers working in both the desktop application and embedded spaces .
To further extend the development environment , Sample Projects , Project Managers and Wizards ( see Figure 1 , below ) were created to allow for fast and easy initial development of plugins .
Indeed , in a matter of minutes a developer can mock up a complete plugin solution , test it and deploy it to its . jar file .
In this way , the act of creation of a plugin in and of itself resolves a host of deployment issues before any new code is even written .
Figure 1 : Plugin Wizard
The need for a higher level deployment mechanism than simply plugins was also needed .
What if a single vendor wanted to ship more than one plugin and did n't want to go through the process of extracting each plugin to its own deliverable and then deploying an entire group of them ?
Developers needed a simpler mechanism for developing and deploying a multiple - plugin solution .
Eclipse Features were created to address this need .
Eclipse Features have their own manifest file called feature.xml and this file defines the entire set of plugins to be fielded as part of that Feature .
Vendors could now deploy the Feature with its underlying plugins rather than each plugin separately .
In addition , Features allow for a better branding strategy whereby a vendor can supply more fields such as opening banners and vendor - specific information that was difficult to encapsulate at the plugin level .
Also as an outgrowth of all the discussion of larger levels of product deployment and along with a growing need for live or web - based methods for upgrading products after deployment in the field , the idea arose to create an online method of updating or uploading the latest revisions of a product to the installed customer base .
Even the Eclipse environment itself would benefit from a solution to this problem as now users would not have to download new updates and then port all their development work from one version of Eclipse to the next .
The solution for this problem is known as Update Sites .
With Update Sites , Eclipse users can connect to and download new revisions of Eclipse and most if not all of the most recent add - on plugins directly from a Web - based interface .
This was not just a download method but a way for dynamically updating the environment without affecting current development work .
With a few clicks , a user can now virtually guarantee that they are using the most recent Eclipse plugins and development environment available .
What About C ?
One of the key points in the evolution of Eclipse that was of critical importance to embedded development was the development of the C/C++
Development Toolsuite or CDT .
The CDT was originally designed and developed by QNX as a complete development environment for C and C++ developers utilizing the GNU development tools .
With the addition of the CDT , developers could now develop and debug not just standalone Java applications or Eclipse plugins in Java but actual local and embedded C and C++ code .
As the GNU cross-compiler tools and binary utilities are very familiar to users of many IDEs and Real - Time Operating Systems , this made Eclipse a compelling solution for embedded development .
The C/C++ perspective provided by the CDT plugins updated both the Eclipse Project Managers and the Eclipse Debug Perspectives to accommodate local and remote debugging of code via GDB and the GDB Server in addition to the existing Java functionality .
Now the Eclipse framework could be used with 3 languages .
It was therefore just a matter of time before additional interfaces for languages like COBOL , FORTRAN and Ada among others would also be provided by vendors .
Now the embedded industry in particular is seeing many of the " old guard " companies who used to provide a completely proprietary IDE now providing Eclipse - based solutions of one sort or another .
Many of these vendors are now bringing brand new approaches and brand new operating systems to the new Eclipse model .
Viewing the Eclipse
The Eclipse framework has gone through many changes in a very short amount of time .
New plugins are being added all the time and the Eclipse framework has graduated to the status of an ecosystem where open source members , commercial vendors , and users all communicate to better the environment and to add an ever increasing level of functionality .
Figure 2 : Callisto Update List
In an effort to increase the overall amount of capability provide by Eclipse , an ambitious new project is coming to fruition known as Callisto ( Figure 2 above ) .
Callisto is part of the Eclipse 3.2 release but it entails more than just a new release of the core Eclipse environment .
Callisto is also a synchronization point for several distinct Eclipse projects including the CDT , the Business Intelligence and Reporting Tool ( BIRT ) , Graphical Editing Framework ( GEF ) and several others .
A complete list can be found on the specific web pages .
In addition to Callisto , even newer capabilities are being added for Device Software Optimization ( DSO ) , Remote Target Management and Rich Client Platforms ( RCP ) among a veritable host of others .
Not only is the Eclipse framework here to stay , but an ever widening circle of development problems are being addressed by it .
It is fast becoming a defacto standard for development environments of many kinds across a multitude of industries including the embedded space .
Mike McCullough is Director , Professional Services at Embedded Planet , a provider of hardware and software to the embedded industry .
He has published several articles on Eclipse plug - in development and Linux board support package development .
Other Eclipse resources on Embedded.com :
Eclipse : Under
The hood
8 )
A recent brief release over at EurekAlert !
nicely illustrates the need for caution - and a little context - when reading through descriptions of new research :
Csiszar and collegues treated aged rats with etanercept to test the hypothesis that anti-TNFa treatment exerts vasculoprotective effects in aging .
Etanercept ( Enbrel ) is an FDA - approved drug that binds and inactivates circulating TNFa .
Recent studies have demonstrated that anti-TNFa therapies , including etanercept , may improve inflammation - related vascular disease , including heart failure .
Csiszar and colleagues made four notable findings in their study .
First , they confirmed that in advanced aging , increased TNFa levels were associated with significant impairment of vessel relaxation , which is required for proper regulation of blood pressure .
Second , blocking TNFa via chronic etanercept treatment decreased cell death in aged vessels , demonstrating that increased TNFa levels likely contribute to age - related cardiovascular disease .
Similar cell - protective effects were found when anti-TNFa antibodies were used in cell culture .
Third , not only was TNFa released into the blood , where it can have systemic effects , but it is also expressed within blood vessel walls , where it can exert specific local effects .
Lastly , administration of TNFa to young arteries reproduced the features of vascular aging , such as blood vessel dysfunction and cell death , further confirming the role of TNFa in the aging of the cardiovascular system .
The knowledge that cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women in the U.S. underscores the significance of these findings .
This treatment could one day lead us closer to better heart health as we age .
Sounds great , right ?
Existing already - approved drug to help with an aspect of aging !
Well , maybe .
Very maybe .
Hold your horses and back up to read the notes above again .
You 'll see a bunch of correlations , but they do n't add up to a demonstration that Embrel addresses the physiological changes of interest , such as age - related imparement of blood vessel relaxation .
You can be pretty sure that if the research team had that under their belt , they'd be trumpeting it from the rooftops in the advance releases - compare the release above with that for much more convincing work on vascular hardening from earlier this year :
The research , which was done in test tubes and animal models , needs to be confirmed in humans before it could form the basis for new therapies .
But the fundamental findings reveal an important insight into how blood vessels change with age and lose much of their ability to relax , contract , and facilitate the circulation of blood in the body .
...
Basically , we 've learned that in older blood vessels , the cellular signaling process is breaking down .
The vessels still have the ability to relax much as they did when they were younger , but they are not getting the message ...
The laboratory studies were very compelling .
We were able to make aging blood vessels behave as if they were young again ...
This overall process , the researchers said , is linked to a low - grade , chronic inflammation that occurs with aging , in blood vessels and probably many other metabolic functions .
Making old components behave in a young fashion is much more convincing than vice versa in a demonstration of mechanisms - there are many ways other than aging to damage young biological systems and make them show desired characteristic failures of age , but very few ways to make old systems show young characteristics .
Csiszar 's group is announcing additional carefully derived and presented evidence for the involvement of TNFa in the overall process at the biochemical and cellular level .
This , however , does n't necessarily mean that an anti-TNFa strategy will be helpful , even if the signs are pointing towards inflammation as the root problem .
Suppressing TNFa might be a step too far down the line of cause and result , for example , and do little to help with the real biochemical cause of blood vessel hardening .
Or it may actually help , given the experiments with young blood vessels given TNFa - but the researchers have n't shown that here , which seems surprising , all things given .
I 'll bet they tried .
And this is not even to talk about the plausible role of AGEs in tying the controlling biochemistry of blood vessel activity into knots .
Anyway , on to the context .
I 'm always slightly more careful of the bevy of papers involving the search for additional uses for an approved drug .
The weight given to such work is very much a creation of the FDA 's regulatory burden - it is much cheaper to search extensively for a hole that maybe , somewhat fits an approved peg than to develop new pegs to better fit the holes you find .
There is tremendous pressure at all levels of the funding and research community to bang that newly - approved peg into whatever hole will fit closely enough - hundreds of millions of dollars are at stake .
This means entire research groups , all their support structure , management and other necessities for a decade can hinge on an existing peg and a not - quite - right hole .
That degree of carrot and stick tends to make people adjust their behavior , collectively and individually .
This is what the heavy hand of government does to organizations that are , in concept , the most well meaning you 're likely to find in this world - people coming together to cure disease and eliminate suffering by building the future of medicine .
Regulation twists that ideal , aligning the incentives of all involved away from competing through novel research , away from competing to produce the best possible solution , and towards shortcuts , recycling of existing ideas and comparatively worse solutions .
So when I look at the work of Csiszar 's group here , I see good work on TNFa , nicely done , but visions of holes and pegs are floating before my eyes .
TNFa is ubiquitous in many aspects of degenerative aging , because inflammation is ubiquitous in many aspects of degenerative aging - and so there are a lot of places to look for that new hole for etanercept that 's more round than square .
It has that cast to it so far , in any case - but I will be delighted to be proven wrong , in this as in many other cynical views of the world .
Technorati tags : medical research , regulation , science
Currently , the population of Earth is estimated to be around 6.7 billion people .
As of this week , roughly 0.1 percent of the sum of modern humanity plays World of Warcraft .
Today , Blizzard Entertainment announced that more than 8 million people subscribe to the massive massively multiplayer online role - playing game , setting a new milestone for the title more than two years after its fall 2004 release .
The tour of Blizzard HQ now includes a visit to its basement ( pictured ) .
As it is with the real - world population , Chinese subscribers are the largest demographic in Azeroth , totaling 3.5 million players .
Next up is North America , with 2 million players , followed by Europe , with 1.5 million -- the remainder of subscribers are in other territories .
Subscription rates vary by region , but US players pay $ 14.95 each month to play WOW after doling out the suggested retail price for the game , which has been lowered to just $ 19.99 .
" We 're ecstatic that the World of Warcraft community has continued to grow steadily since we launched the game , " said Blizzard president and cofounder Mike Morhaime , presumably while being fed grapes and fanned with palm fronds atop a gigantic pile of cash .
" This milestone would n't have been possible for us to achieve without the incredible support of our players . "
Though its original world is already popular , World of Warcraft 's borders will soon grow , courtesy of next week 's release of the Burning Crusade expansion pack .
Like the original WOW , it is rated T for Teen .
However , at $ 39.99 it will cost more than the original game , which is required to play the expansion .
Wearing their wedding outfits , the pair stretched out in front of their sign - " We Met on Darwin Dating .
PS : We 're Hot " - that was painted on big red sheets of cloth .
Jodie , a lawyer , and Michael , business analyst , say they set up the website to making fun of dating sites and admitted the poster 's claim was technically stretching the truth .
They also brought along a friend who runs a hobby travel site and helped him stick 2500 pieces of white and coloured A4 paper into the ground using bamboo satay skewers to form the image of a giant eye .
A ranger had asked them to move on , but when they explained they had been working on the installation since 5 am , he did the only decent thing : turned a blind eye .
The Foxes were among scores of people came out today looking for a place where they might be seen and snapped by a aerial photographer flying in a plane hired by Google .
Among others looking to get noticed was Aaron Schwebel , and IT worker from Wollongong who staked out a large sign at Queens Park in Waverley hoping that it might help save his marriage .
[ Full story here ] .
If the high resolution images turn out to be good enough quality , they will be added to the internet company 's popular Google Maps application which is used by millions of people around the world to do everything from spot their homes to find an address .
The Sydney flyover is the first time the internet giant has attempted such an exercise on this scale .
Usually photos are taken without people being aware that it 's happening .
Scattered cloud cover over the park this morning could affect the quality of the final images which Google intends to add to the Maps site in between four to six weeks .
The Google plane was due to pass over the area at an altitude of 600 m , taking images that could be up to four times more detailed than those that are currently on the map site .
Given the tech nature of the event , there were quite a few dotcoms out and about trying to make a spectacle of themselves .
Down at Bondi Beach , Mick Slattery , 31 , saw the Google flyover as a chance to make a quick buck .
He scrawled the address of his website , " slatz.net " , in the sand .
He said he had only just registered the site , and would seek to sell it for a profit if it appeared on Google 's maps .
" It 's a brilliant start to get some free advertising , " he said .
Budding web entrepreneurs like Slattery littered Bondi's sands - nearby , two Japanese migrants , Ken Mikuny , 34 , and Shu Ikegchi , 28 , hit the beach to promote their YouTube - clone video sharing website , " AnatanoTV.com " .
They too carved their web address into the sand , and hoped Bondi 's international appeal would lead loads of virtual sightseers to stumble across the message .
A young boy and his father were walking along a beach , when suddenly they came upon thousands of starfish left stranded on the sand by the receding tide .
The young boy leaned over , picked up a starfish and tossed it , like a Frisbee , back into the ocean .
Then he picked up another one , and carried it to the water 's edge .
" Son , what are you doing ?
You can't possibly save them all . "
" I guess not .
But these uns'll make it . "
The youngster believed that even when the situation seemed hopeless , he could do his part .
Composting is like that , too .
Every year , tons of organic materials are thrown away , needlessly filling up landfills .
By composting these materials , you can lengthen the life of your local landfill .
Like tossing a starfish back into the ocean , you can make a difference by composting .
Compost to plants is like a healthy gourmet dinner to us .
Compared to preparing a snazzy dinner however , making compost is easy , easy , easy .
To learn how to make and use compost , read my Compost Happens ! article .
Compost is not limited to tossing leaves and grass clippings into a pile .
It 's much more creative than that !
Here 's a list of 163 materials ( and still counting ! ) you can add to your compost pile or even bury in your garden .
Just think , 163 materials that do n't end up in the landfill .
Plus , your plants benefit from the gourmet meal .
Such a deal .
Find more information on Organic Gardening Tips or Cool Climate Gardening at Lagniappe - Marion 's new blog .
If you see something I 've missed , send me an email so I can add it to the list .
Just for fun , scan the whole list .
You 'll find more resources , plus a surprise at the end by a letter sent in by Jean Bell , an organic gardener in Scotland ...
Paper napkins
Freezer - burned vegetables
Burlap coffee bags
Pet hair
Potash rock
Post - it notes
Freezer - burned fruit
Wood chips
Bee droppings
Lint from behind refrigerator
Hay
Popcorn ( unpopped , ' Old Maids , ' too )
Freezer - burned fish
Old spices
Pine needles
Leaves
Matches ( paper or wood )
Seaweed and kelp
Hops
Chicken manure
Leather dust
Old , dried up and faded herbs
Bird cage cleanings
Paper towels
Brewery wastes
Grass clippings
Hoof and horn meal
Molasses residue
Potato peelings
Unpaid bills
Gin trash ( wastes from cotton plants )
Weeds
Rabbit manure
Hair clippings from the barber
Stale bread
Coffee grounds
Wood ashes
Sawdust
Tea bags and grounds
Shredded newspapers
Egg shells
Cow manure
Alfalfa
Winter rye
Grapefruit rinds
Pea vines
Houseplant trimmings
Old pasta
Grape wastes
Garden soil
Powdered / ground phosphate rock
Corncobs ( takes a long time to decompose )
Jell -o ( gelatin )
Blood meal
Winery wastes
Spanish moss
Limestone
Fish meal
Aquarium plants
Beet wastes
Sunday comics
Harbor mud
Felt waste
Wheat straw
Peat moss
Kleenex tissues
Milk ( in small amounts )
Soy milk
Tree bark
Starfish ( dead ones ! )
Melted ice cream
Flower petals
Pumpkin seeds
Q-tips ( cotton swabs : cardboard , not plastic sticks )
Expired flower arrangements
Elmer 's glue
BBQ 'd fish skin
Bone meal
Citrus wastes
Stale potato chips
Rhubarb stems
Old leather gardening gloves
Tobacco wastes
Bird guano
Hog manure
Dried jellyfish
Wheat bran
Guinea pig cage cleanings
Nut shells
Cattail reeds
Clover
Granite dust
Moldy cheese
Greensand
Straw
Shredded cardboard
Dolomite lime
Cover crops
Quail eggs ( OK , I needed a ' Q ' word )
Rapeseed meal
Bat guano
Fish scraps
Tea bags ( black and herbal )
Apple cores
Electric razor trimmings
Kitchen wastes
Outdated yogurt
Toenail clippings
Shrimp shells
Crab shells
Lobster shells
Pie crust
Leather wallets
Onion skins
Bagasse ( sugar cane residue )
Watermelon rinds
Date pits
Goat manure
Olive pits
Peanut shells
Burned oatmeal ( sorry , Mom )
Lint from clothes dryer
Bread crusts
Cooked rice
River mud
Tofu ( it 's only soybeans , man ! )
Wine gone bad ( what a waste ! )
Banana peels
Fingernail and toenail clippings
Chocolate cookies
Wooden toothpicks
Moss from last year 's hanging baskets
Stale breakfast cereal
Pickles
' Dust bunnies ' from under the bed
Pencil shavings
Wool socks
Artichoke leaves
Leather watch bands
Fruit salad
Tossed salad ( now THERE 's tossing it ! )
Brown paper bags
Soggy Cheerios
Theater tickets
Lees from making wine
Burned toast
Feathers
Animal fur
Horse manure
Vacuum cleaner bag contents
Coconut hull fiber
Old or outdated seeds
Macaroni and cheese
Liquid from canned vegetables
Liquid from canned fruit
Old beer
Wedding bouquets
Greeting card envelopes
Snow
Dead bees and flies
Horse hair
Peanut butter sandwiches
Dirt from soles of shoes , boots
Fish bones
Ivory soap scraps
Spoiled canned fruits and vegetables
Produce trimmings from grocery store
Cardboard cereal boxes ( shredded )
Grocery receipts
Urine ( It 's true !
Read the letters below )
More " compostable " reading : The World 's Fastest Compost How to Compost Dog Waste Manure Matters : How different manures rate
What about urine ?
As promised , the letter from Jean in Scotland ...
Dear Marion ,
I have been visiting your site with great interest for a while now -- thank goodness for your sensible advice for gardening in northern parts -- I am in the north of Scotland and have many of the meteorological challenges that you face , wind , rain , cold , etc. ( but no bears ) !
Your list of 163 materials for the compost bin is really useful but perhaps I can add another -- a British organic gardening writer , Bob Flowerdew , swears by peeing on his compost saying that urine acts as an accelerator .
Actually he refers to it rather delicately as ' recycling his cider and beer . '
This is n't so easy for us women but I do encourage my husband to provide the goods !
One for the list ?
Many thanks for all your ideas and beautiful photographs ,
-- Jean Bell Dear Marion ,
Yes , the nitrogen of urine is excellent for the compost pile and women CAN participate .
Remember the peepot ?
You 're too young .
But in the 40's when i visited my grandmother who had no indoor plumbing , we had a pot for night visits .
I now use a plastic tub on the closed toilet lid and catch a few ounces during the night .
Then put the tub in the bottom of the shower and catch the shower water .
All can be dumped on the compost .
I live in a 2 - story house and must carry the tub down ... have n't dropped it yet .
Yikes .
When I first began my compost pile many years ago ... ( we were young and gay ) ... after an evening of drinking , I 'd invite my husband ( now deceased ) and his friends to make a trip to my compost pile .
All thought it was quite fun !
-- Jan Trechsel , Alabama More great resources from Marion Owen :
Healthy Recipes - Healthy Cooking
Organic Gardening Tips - Cool Climate Gardening
Alaska Nature Photography - Alaska Photography Tips
Kodiak Island - Kodiak , Alaska
Such class .
Which socialite who is usually known for being the tamer of the two let loose in Vegas ?
She even showed off a lot more than we normally see from her .
To see who is enjoying some serious drinking , read more
Nicky Hilton was at Pure launching her new line of jewelry apparently getting very drunk and dancing up a storm .
I guess in this case what happens in Vegas does n't stay in Vegas .
Is she giving us a peep show ?
I usually give Nicky a lot more respect than Paris but maybe she just has me fooled .
Source
Gentlemen , stop your engines
EEStor 's new automotive power source could eliminate the need for the combustion engine - and for oil .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Business 2.0 Magazine ) -- The Disruptor : EEStor
The Innovation : A ceramic power source for electric cars that could blow away the combustion engine
The Disrupted : Oil companies and carmakers that do n't climb aboard
Forget hybrids and hydrogen - powered vehicles .
EEStor , a stealth company in Cedar Park , Texas , is working on an " energy storage " device that could finally give the internal combustion engine a run for its money -- and begin saving us from our oil addiction .
" To call it a battery discredits it , " says Ian Clifford , the CEO of Toronto - based electric car company Feel Good Cars , which plans to incorporate EEStor 's technology in vehicles by 2008 .
EEStor 's device is not technically a battery because no chemicals are involved .
In fact , it contains no hazardous materials whatsoever .
Yet it acts like a battery in that it stores electricity .
If it works as it's supposed to , it will charge up in five minutes and provide enough energy to drive 500 miles on about $ 9 worth of electricity .
At today 's gas prices , covering that distance can cost $ 60 or more ; the EEStor device would power a car for the equivalent of about 45 cents a gallon .
And we mean power a car .
" A four - passenger sedan will drive like a Ferrari , " Clifford predicts .
In contrast , his first electric car , the Zenn , which debuted in August and is powered by a more conventional battery , can't go much faster than a moped and takes hours to charge .
The cost of the engine itself depends on how much energy it can store ; an EEStor - powered engine with a range roughly equivalent to that of a gasoline - powered car would cost about $ 5,200 .
That 's a slight premium over the cost of the gas engine and the other parts the device would replace -- the gas tank , exhaust system , and drivetrain .
But getting rid of the need to buy gas should more than make up for the extra cost of an EEStor - powered car .
EEStor is tight - lipped about its device and how it manages to pack such a punch .
According to a patent issued in April , the device is made of a ceramic powder coated with aluminum oxide and glass .
A bank of these ceramic batteries could be used at " electrical energy stations " where people on the road could charge up .
EEStor is backed by VC firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , and the company 's founders are engineers Richard Weir and Carl Nelson .
CEO
Weir , a former IBM - er , wo n't comment , but his son , Tom , an EEStor VP , acknowledges , " That is pretty much why we are here today , to compete with the internal combustion engine . "
He also hints that his engine technology is not just for the small passenger vehicles that Clifford is aiming at , but could easily replace the 300 - horsepower brutes in today 's SUVs .
That would make it appealing to automakers like GM ( Charts ) and Ford ( Charts ) , who are seeing sales of their gas - guzzling SUVs and pickup trucks begin to tank because of exorbitant fuel prices .
_________________________________
Social networking for dollars
Disrupting death
Big Brother hits the highway
Click here to see the full list of Disruptors
To send a letter to the editor about this story , click here .
The Prime Directive of Agile Development
This article starts by stating , " Underlying all the agile development practices like TDD , Pair programming , continuous integration , and refactoring , there is a single unifying concept .
Never be blocked . "
I fail to see how TDD or Pair programming or Refactoring can help prevent blocks .
TDD does help you in getting a solution to the problem , but is not guaranteed to come up with solutions for really tough problems .
You could still be " blocked " or stuck even when using TDD
Similar arguments hold for Pair programming and refactoring .
I fail to see how these practices help to prevent blockage .
The examples that are shown in this article illustrate problems that can be encountered using any methodology ; and the solutions , too , do not depend upon the methodology or style of development .
I could be doing a " waterfall " approach and specify that all interfaces between major systems should be stubbed first and then tested ; only after successful testing should development of the individual modules begin .
This rule , or discipline , has nothing to with Agile development per se .
Refactoring does not change the functionality of code .
I do not see how refactoring can lead to removal of blocks .
Often - times refactoring has to be done because someone forgot to think through the problem at any depth .
In other words , too frequent refactorings are a symptom of insufficient planning leading to waste of time developing code that meets narrow ends , without looking at the problem in more generality .
As some wise person ( Einstein , not exact words ) said , " Keep it simple , but no simpler than is necessary . "
Excessive simplicity for the sake of simplicity often ends up requiring excessive refactoring .
While I do believe that agile practices are good , the examples given do not demonstrate the superiority of the Agile philosophy over any other philosophy .
Merely stating that it is so does not make it so .
The car analogy is flawed because that is not what anybody would suggest .
A better analogy would be if someone wanted to rip open an electronic toy because it does n't work anymore , replacing the battery has n't helped ; and making the toy do something different is practically impossible to do given the way the toy is constructed .
One then must rip it apart to make it do something it was not designed to do .
If the software design does not permit the required adaptations , then the design must be re-evaluated .
In other words , it is then legitimate to rip apart the software .
By the way , is n't software supposed to be designed in layers with loose coupling between layers ?
If so , what is the harm in ripping apart software and re-moulding it to meet new requirements ?
The example of the DBA ( Debeay ) making changes that jeopardize the whole project is also flawed .
Good database architects always provide an abstraction layer between the application and the database .
Most commonly it takes the form of database views , with the strict rule that applications may only access data through views ( or stored procedures ) , and must never access directly the underlying database tables .
As such , structural changes to the database tables can be made transparent to the application users unless the changed requirements affects the domain model , too .
The example merely sets up a straw man of an incompetent DBA to knock it down and suggest that Agile development would not have led to this problem , and therefore , Agile development is the one true way .
Note that the concept of views has nothing to do with any development methodology .
It just happens to be what the experienced programmer would use anyway .
The example will not convince anyone that they should move over to Agile development .
While Agile development has its merits , this article fails to bring them to light .
A very common example of where TDD fails to get us to a good solution is that of finding a sorting algorithm .
Typically , TDD will lead to the Bubble Sort algorithm .
Rarely will it lead to other sorting algorithms .
TDD will often fail to give good solutions whenever we can have several ways of solving a problem .
In such cases , TDD will tend to produce a simple solution that may not be very efficient .
Also , for really complicated problems , such as inverting a matrix in linear algebra , at best , TDD will end up producing a huge block of spaghetti code .
This leads me to think that TDD is not good for development of algorithms since developing efficient algorithms often requires knowledge of the problem domain .
Algorithms here includes not just the scientific and mathematical algorithms , but anything involving complex processes .
Ravi , I take your point .
Sure , you could make the above mistakes on a TDD system .
And it took me a second to see why the " not blocking " really is related to " agile " .
But try it this way :
TDD does not * cause * an absence of blocks .
TDD does * demonstrate * an absence of blocks .
The key phrase above is " progress can only be made on an executing system that is passing it 's tests " .
The whole argument is subtly based on the presence of TDD .
Similarly , continuous integration verifies that the whole team 's integrated code is executing and passing it 's tests .
( I'm not sure I can tie it to refactoring , etc. , other than as useful tools enabled by TDD .
But you get the point . )
Re : your second note .
I guess I 'll tackle a couple of those , too .
TDD is not a magic bullet .
It does not replace other forms of knowledge , such as patterns and algorithms .
It 's just a way of specifying the goals of the software in development .
If you have a timing goal that is n't being met , make it part of your spec .
Code the test .
Then produce the * simplest * code that passes the test .
If the Bubble Sort passes your timing test , heck , use it .
If you do n't have a test coded for it , how can you tell ?
You can test it once by hand , although then you wo n't know when something slows it down as your code evolves .
As for spaghetti code produced by TDD , well , TDD without refactoring will produce ugly code .
It sounds like it 's time for some refactoring .
Ravi ,
I disagree with your statement about sorting algorithms ; if at the end of a TDD cycle ( i.e. a green bar ) you have ended up bubble sort , and bubble sort does n't satisfy your requirements for whatever reason ( performance , say ) , you have obviously not written the testcase to support this requirement .
I also do not understand what point you are trying to make with your matrix example .
Firstly , for complex algorithms , there is generally very developed and mature mathematics or CS theory which forms your ( perfect , as it is generally provable ) specification for the implementation .
Secondly , if you have ended up with spaghetti code that you are unhappy with , then you have to refactor it , which is all part of the TDD process .
D'oh , sorry Chaz for the apparent duplication your points , I guess we started writing at the same time ( great minds think alike , eh ) .
My point is that these features are not unique to Agile development .
They can be done with other types of development .
If the benefits claimed for Agile development are valid , one must show that either ( a ) such things can seldom occur with Agile ; or ( b ) that such things are not possible using other techniques .
I have shown that TDD does not guarantee that you 'll come up with the required algorithms unless you already know enough about the subject matter .
In which case , whether you use TDD or something else is irrelevant .
The other statement I have made is that such benefits are possible using other methodologies , too .
So why should anyone choose Agile ?
Please note that I am playing devil 's advocate here .
If you want to convert others , you must have a compelling argument .
Uncle Bob 's argument is not compelling enough for me .
Jake ,
No worries ... guess I just hit the button first ? :)
Ravi ,
Got to run , so I 'll be brief : I 'm troubled by the phrase " required algorithm " in a TDD context .
If it 's a requirement , then you 're not doing TDD until you have found a way to test it .
I 'm not sure how to test a required algorithm , though .
It has n't come up ; I 'm generally given rules rather than algorithms .
I 'm not sure TDD has a standard answer for that type of requirement .
I 've found that business - type assignments where the results are more significant than the algorithms fare rather better with TDD .
And methodologies * never * replace knowledge .
Without TDD 's feedback , you can't prove the absence of blocks .
With , you can .
There 's no magic bullet , but that 's still a significant difference .
Ravi , what you have demonstrated is a tiresome , rhetorical argument .
Nobody uses TDD or any other methodology to develop sort alogorithms - they call the damn framework 's sort method .
The complexity that we face every day is not doing matrix inversions , but coping with evolving requirements that not even the customer fully understands yet .
So we look for ways to keep our system supple and changeable and to make continuous progress in the absence of perfect information .
Let me explain a bit more .
One can have tests for all the code one writes without having to do TDD .
These test suites can be very extensive covering all known requirements .
But it is not " write test firsts , code later . "
The important thing is to have well - tested software .
My question is :
What advantage does TDD give you over a test - centred approach ?
Why is it better to use TDD rather than the alternative I suggested above ?
After all , the aim is to have thoroughly tested software , with repeatable tests .
In that sense , I do not believe that the article convincingly states the benefits of TDD .
Also , the premise that refactoring , TDD , and Pair Programming results in no blocks is given as an a - priori statement , an axiom .
The examples given in the original article are straw - man type arguments that do not stand up to scrutiny .
The only thing that actually helps identify blocks quickly is the concept of continuous integration .
But once again , this is not dependent on following an Agile methodology .
Any style of development can stipulate that software must be " working " at all times .
Making it a requirement and enforcing it are things that are part of Agile Development .
( Does this mean that all other development methodologies are non-agile and somehow clunky ? :-) )
In short , writing tests and integrating software continuously seem to be the keys to good software development .
Must the tests be written following a TDD approach ?
Can not continuous integration occur with other approaches ?
Please note that I do not believe refactoring or pair programming has anything to do with the title topic , about being blocked .
They seem to have been lumped in so that they can bask in the reflected glory of TDD and continuous integration .
By " required algorithms " I meant any way of implementing that meets the requirements .
It could be mathematical algorithms , processes , rules , etc .
Ravi , you make some good points , but I do n't think Bob 's original blog is trying to defend TDD or Agile as the only worthy methodologies .
I think the thesis of his article is " Never be blocked " .
Tests and tiny steps can help with that , as do interfaces and not pulling a whole system apart .
The point is to think and develop in a way that avoids blocks , not that one wo n't get blocked by using TDD or Agile .
One certainly could , and many do .
The article is n't trying to prove anything .
In a context of TDD and incrementalism , it makes a comment about blocking being reduced , and that being a good thing .
Nobody would call it a sales pitch or a logical proof .
It 's just presenting an idea in a community with an implicit understanding of the context .
Your disagreement with the context seems , well , unrelated .
But I 'm not trying to turn this into a " let 's beat up on Ravi " session .
Back to the original article , I , for one , found it an interesting unification of several seemingly unrelated ideas : TDD , incremental development , continuous integration , sure , we see how those fit together .
Fitting in non-blocking source control , reuse vs build , architecture vs simplicity , and stubs for incomplete features into a single more unified idea just makes sense .
Sure , it 's stuff we already like .
But a more unified way to discuss it is still useful .
I would state it as " constant incremental improvements " , with today 's emphasis being on the " constant " .
Ravi , I read your last comments more carefully and I think I see your point a little better .
So I 'll answer it a little more clearly .
Personally , I think TDD is an effective form of test - centered development simply because writing tests after the fact a ) offers less help in designing clean interfaces and b ) the tests do n't always get written after the fact .
And the focus on fast unit tests produces tests that provide feedback even before the continuous integration - in fact , it enables safer continuous integration .
And I do see refactoring as an integral part of any test - centered development simply because duplication is inevitable as software evolves , and the presence of tests offers an opportunity to remove that blockage safely .
We can make the short - term choices Bob describes , and then , when the long - term problem of duplication surfaces we can clean it up and know that the functionality is maintained .
As for pair programming , I have n't tried it , though I 'd like to .
But I 've been the go - to guy often enough that when an issue comes up I 've wished that somebody else had the knowledge to work on the problem without interrupting me .
That 's a form of blocking .
I think the confusion is that these are all * implicit* in Bob 's argument .
I 'm fine with that .
I think he 's spelled them out clearly enough in other places .
Does that make more sense ?
It is weird that the example you give in the last paragraph is very similar to the problem we are facing right now .
We have a core library that is used by many applications and currently there is no devoted team for that - in an agile spirit we allow all developers to add code to that library .
However as the codebase grows , I also see a growing problem the overall design is getting out of control .
I think it is caused by the fact that whenever someone adds something to the common codebase they only keep their own project 's interests in mind and do not think about the overall design of the common code .
Refactoring should come to rescue here but as this is common code then any changes to the interfaces mean changes also in other applications using that library .
As the number of applications is coming close to 10 in our case then it takes a lot of effort to track down all possible usages of a certain method .
As this is quite time - consuming then it is quite often left undone ( maybe with a TODO comment ) as current projects ' schedules are tight .
The further this is pushed the harder it becomes to change anything and soon someone will come up with a bright idea like " we do n't need that crap , we can write our own library faster " .
One solution we are thinking of is creating a separate team for this but as you say this could lead into situations where they are viewed as an obstacle on the way and people still start going around them .
How would you solve this kind of situation ?
Sorry , I forgot that this was a wiki .
The strikeout in my previous comment is a mistake caused by using two hyphens for a dash .
Chaz , implicit in your comments is the assumption that TDD will lead to better interfaces .
( I use " interface " in the more commonly understood meaning of the term before Java came and corrupted it with a keyword interface . )
I am not convinced that is so .
Thinking about the problem will lead to better interfaces .
Thinking leads to tests naturally .
Hence , with our without TDD , a thinking programmer will produce better interfaces that are losely coupled .
I do think you wo n't get much sympathy for it here , though .
Let me be clear that when I said " interface " , I 'm talking about a very similar sense to how Java uses it , but slightly more general : how one piece of code calls another .
I can counter that quite easily with : how can you tell the programmer thought about it ?
Read their mind to find out ?
Or look at the actual tests they produced ?
Also with : thinking about the problem will produce a good interface based on what we know now .
What happens when we know more ?
Will the " thinking " help the evolution towards a new goal as much as the tests will ?
Or perhaps you believe that it is possible to get the design " right the first time " ?
Trust me , if you do get it right , if everything was communicated and understood and analyzed and designed and built correctly , then the business will change its mind anyway when they use it for a few months .
You 're welcome to disagree .
Tell me what offers as useful a tool to support evolution and I 'll listen .
Tell me that evolution is unnecessary and I 'll say : you 're lucky to have that type of market .
Hi Uncle Bob !
I am a chinese translator of your blog , may be you know this website ' www.csdn.net', which is very famous in China .
But when I was translating this article , I find a word makes me confused , and that is ,
" all progress stops because the feedback loop that tells us that our code is correct , is broken . "
You know , from the context of your article , I do n't think the word " correct " is correct , I should be " incorrect " instead , should n't it ?
Thanks !
Aaron
Aaron ,
You can read it either way .
The point is that the feedback loop is broken .
That feedback loop tells us that our code is either correct or incorrect .
Hi Uncle Bob !
Thanks for you of giving the direction .
Sorry for my rude comment , and I hope you do n't mind .
I think may be you just want to clarify the ability of feedback loop on this point , and that 's what I misunderstood .
You know , I want to make those chinese techinicians to read your original thoughts seamless , and I hope my translation of your blog can do that , and eventually more and more chinese developers could benefit from agile methodology and become more and more professional .
So may be I have to bother you whenever I get troubles on the understanding of your articles , sorry for that .
Aaron
Aaron ,
No trouble at all .
I did not think you were being rude .
I am pleased to answer any questions .
Underlying all the agile development practices like TDD , Pair programming , continuous integration , and refactoring , there is a single unifying concept .
Like a good pool player who always makes sure that the shot he is taking sets up the next shot he expects to take , every step a good agile developer takes enables the next step .
A good agile developer never takes a step that stops his progress , or the progress of others .
How do you know if progress has been stopped ?
Progress is stopped if you cannot execute the system .
Progress is stopped if you can not run the tests .
In the agile world , progress can only be made on an executing system that is passing it 's tests .
If the system does not execute or if it 's tests fail , all progress stops because the feedback loop that tells us that our code is correct , is broken .
Writing code when you can't execute it is like driving a car when you can't see out the windscreen .
The wheels may be turning , but you have no idea what direction you are going , or whether you are about to drive off a cliff .
Keeping the system executing at all times is like keeping the windscreen clean .
We can not make progress unless we can see .
Consider , for example , two developers working on a project .
Jack says he will write the J module , and Bob says he will write the B module .
As Bob writes his code he eventually gets to a point where he must call J. But Jack is not ready , and so Bob must wait .
If Bob were a good agile developer , he never would have taken that step .
He would have created an interface for J , and implemented it with stub code , so that he could continue to keep his tests running , and therefore continue to make progress .
Consider a team of 4 working on a three - tier management information system .
They have split up the current work by tier .
Gerry and George are working on the GUI , Marvin is working on the middleware , and Debeay is working on the database .
The very first thing Debeay does is change the schema of the development database according to the new features being added .
But this breaks the system .
The middleware can't run until it is changed to use the new schema .
The GUI can't run until the middleware can run .
Debeay has sprayed black paint over the windscreen , and the whole team is driving blind .
If Debeay had been a good agile developer , she would have found a way to change the schema incrementally , adding new columns and tables without changing the old ones .
Gradually , as the team changed the middleware and GUI to use the new schema elements , Debeay could eliminate the old ones .
By the end of the iteration , the schema would be in it 's final form , and the system would never have stopped executing .
Keeping the system executing at all times is the prime directive .
You never do anything to the system that will break it for more than a few seconds .
If you have a huge architectural change to make , you find a way to make that change in tiny little steps that keep the system executing .
You find a way to keep all the tests running .
You never do anything that breaks the system for more than a few seconds or minutes .
This is not an easy notion to grasp .
Developers are used to making changes by tearing the system to shreds and then trying to reassemble the pieces .
Many get a certain " high " from the experience .
Indeed , I talked with one developer who felt that tearing the system to bits and then reassembling it was the essential quality of a programmer .
It made him feel good that he could do it .
It became central to his self - worth .
I had to gently persuade him that his own feelings of accomplishment were tied to the risks he was taking as opposed to the benefits he was providing his employer .
In effect he was bungee jumping and feeling good about his ability to survive .
He was an adrenaline junkie , taking risks with his employers assets .
This is not professional behavior .
Agile development is a careful game of chess , not a reckless game of code - chicken .
Good agile developers plot a careful path towards their goal , that keeps the system executing and passing it 's tests at each tiny step .
Some developers believe this is inefficient and slow .
They believe that it is faster to just rip the system apart and then reassemble it into it 's new form .
There are times when it might be faster to do this .
However , doing this is like driving to the store by pointing the car in the direction of the store , painting the winscreen black , and then driving in as straight a line as you can while ignoring things like stop signs and roads .
When it works you get there faster .
But a lot of things can go wrong along the way .
The prime directive extends to all levels of the team and organization .
Never being blocked means that you set up your development environment such that blockages do n't happen .
Good agile teams use non-blocking source code control .
If Bill has a module checked out , Bob can check it out too .
The first one to check in wins .
If the core group is building a reusable framework for us , and we need some function that is n't ready yet , we 'll write it ourselves and use the core team 's function later , when ( and if ) it arrives .
If the enterprise architecture supports our needs in such a convoluted and obtuse way that we 'll have to spend days just understanding , then we 'll avoid the enterprise architecture and get the features working in a simpler way .
We will not be blocked .!commentForm
By Giles Wilson
BBC News
Blogs aplenty :
On board Microsoft's Blogger Bus
Perfect .
Just what the world needs - another hungry blog to feed .
Some estimates say that a new weblog is being created somewhere in the world every second of every day .
So why should the BBC add yet another to the list ?
If you believe the hype , blogs are as significant as the invention of the printing press for their ability to change the way the world will be seen .
If on the other hand you believe the counter - hype , blogs are a self - indulgence which pander to dull people 's misguided beliefs that they have something interesting to say .
Journalists have their own takes on blogs - broadcaster Mark Lawson , for one , says that " although the word blog suggests attitude and subversion , it 's really just a hi-tech kind of diary and carries the identical risk of Pooterism " .
Some believe that only journalists should really be allowed to write endlessly about themselves .
Others believe blogs soar to beautiful new interactive heights .
A third group do n't understand blogs , but are terrified of being left behind .
What we have learned from blogs is that the highest virtue of the media is transparency
Blog guru Jeff Jarvis
Wikipedia 's definition of a blog
Happily there is yet another group , including the BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson , who do n't think blogs will necessarily change the world , but do believe they offer a fresh way of turning the traditional roles of writer and reader into those of people having a conversation .
Blogs can be many things - trouble - making , independent , cool , nerdy , peppered with annoying links , even full of kittens who look like Hitler .
They can also be abused for attention - seeking headlines ( eg " Down with Blogs " ) .
But one thing they have in common is that they work best when they go both ways - when they are a true exchange .
That 's why the editors across BBC News have got together to start their own blog .
Called " The Editors " , it launches on Monday .
The hope is that it will become a discussion forum for all sorts of issues and dilemmas surrounding our news programmes .
Each day ,
The Editors will include a round - up of where the BBC has been in the news , what members of the audience have told us in the previous 24 hours , our responses to that feedback , and the resulting discussion .
It 's not an easy process , but there 's a lot to gain - because of the unique way the BBC is funded , we want to be the most open and accountable news organisation in the world .
Nowadays , we still have Points of View on BBC One , and also Newswatch on News 24 , and Feedback on Radio 4 .
So what makes blogs any different ?
Well , an important thing to note is that the changes which have led us to launch this blog are not localised around Television Centre - they are happening all over the world .
And even though Pete Clifton , the former editor of the BBC News website , made early in - roads into this territory with a blog - style column , this BBC editors ' blog is by no means a UK first .
The Guardian , the Daily Telegraph , and the Daily Mail are among those represented to differing degrees .
American media have been pioneers in this area .
US journalist Jeff Jarvis , who has experience of a huge variety of different media and now travels the world evangelising about what blogs can achieve if done properly , says it 's not a matter of self indulgence .
A few newspapers have already given editors a say through blogs
" Part of that is that the public has a perfect right to see the process and that 's why transparency is important . "
In the past , he says , it was always possible to write a letter to a newspaper 's editor .
But only a handful of letters ever got printed .
Even inviting people to send pictures and other forms of content only goes so far , he says .
" We , the journalists , are still in charge . "
The adoption of a transparent attitude , of which an editors ' blog is just a part , is a statement that journalism is n't made silently behind the walls of a castle , he says .
" It says ' We 're going to share the process . '
And in return , people can say ' We disagree ' or ' We agree ' , or ' I thought that was the wrong decision but I see why you made it . '
" The news is n't finished when the product goes to air .
That 's just a part of the process . "
So you are formally invited to go to The Editors , at www.bbc.co.uk/editors, and see what you think .
Hopefully you 'll tell us , too .
FOR my third date with Tracy I ’m taking her to the Sum Hey Rice Shoppe in Manhattan .
Every Long Island family has a favorite restaurant in Chinatown , and ours is the Sum Hey Rice Shoppe .
“ You ’re going to love this place , ” I tell her .
“ When I was a kid I used to order pork chow mai fun and smear it on the plate with ketchup . ”
Tracy beams at me from the passenger seat .
She clearly likes that I ’m already sharing family stuff .
I wait for the pedestrians to clear before turning off Canal onto Mott .
At Bayard I take a left .
“ There ’s the restaurant , ” I say .
“ You want to get out and I ’ll go park ? ”
“ Nah , ” Tracy says .
“ I ’ll help you find a spot . ”
O.K .
I drive to the end of Bayard , but there are no spots .
At Bowery I swing a right , then at Pell another right .
There ’s what looks like a spot , but when we get closer I notice a two - pronged fire hydrant protruding from a brick wall .
Nothing on Pell .
I try to reassure Tracy .
“ We ’ll find one . ”
“ I ’m not worried , ” she says .
“ I have really good parking karma . ”
In a deal aimed at reducing illegal internet traffic in pirated films , Hollywood reached an agreement yesterday with the creator of the popular file - sharing software BitTorrent .
The agreement requires 30 - year - old software designer Bram Cohen to prevent his website , bittorrent.com , from linking to pirated versions of popular movies available online , effectively frustrating people who search for illegal copies of films .
BitTorrent must remove web links leading to illegal content owned by the seven studios that are members of the Motion Picture Association of America .
The BitTorrent technology pioneered by Cohen - and used by an estimated 45 million people - assembles digital movies and other computer files from separate bits of data downloaded from other computer users across the internet .
Its decentralised nature makes downloading more efficient but also frustrates the entertainment industry 's efforts to find and identify movie pirates .
The agreement represents the latest effort by the entertainment industry to discourage illegal internet downloads .
It also demonstrates Cohen 's sensitivity toward Hollywood 's piracy problems , making him potentially more attractive to studios for future deals related to movie downloads .
Cohen disclosed in September his company had raised $ 8.75 m ( £ 5 m ) in venture funding to develop commercial distribution tools for media companies .
The agreement with Cohen would not prevent determined surfers from finding movies or other materials using tools or websites other than Cohen's , but it removes one of the most convenient methods people have used so far .
With lessons from the 1918 flu pandemic in the rearview mirror and the avian flu a looming obstacle in the road ahead , researchers from Southern Illinois University School of Medicine are trying to understand why a flu virus kills some people but not others .
With the help of some high tech equipment , well - defined mouse models and lots of analytical know how , physiologists are beginning to hone in on the secret to this differential response .
It ’s probably in the genes – and the proteins they encode .
Two studies to be presented at The American Physiological Society conference “ Physiological Genomics and Proteomics of Lung Disease ” have found that a strain of mice that is more likely to die of influenza infection mounts a dramatically enhanced immune response in the lungs compared to a strain of mice that generally develops milder disease .
The long - term goal of these studies is to identify genes that control the individual variation in inflammation during influenza infection .
This information could ultimately help identify those most at risk to develop severe disease and die from the flu , and help doctors direct vaccines , anti-viral and anti-inflammatory medications to those who need them most .
The researchers will present the study “ Inflammatory responses in inbred mice with different susceptibility phenotypes to Influenza A virus infection , ” on Nov. 3 .
The study was carried out by Rita Trammell and Linda Toth of the Southern Illinois University School of Medicine , Springfield , Ill .
Lessons from 1918
“ Flu epidemics typically kill the very old and the very young .
But the 1918 epidemic killed millions around the world , including many healthy young adults .
The healthy immune systems of young adults produced an overly strong immune response that resulted in severe inflammation of the lungs .
Similar to the 1918 pandemic virus , most H5N1 avian influenza virus infections occur in young adults with no pre-existing medical conditions , ” Trammell noted .
“ The recent emergence of the highly pathogenic H5N1 influenza virus has raised international concerns that continued evolution of the virus could cause a pandemic with global health and economic consequences , ” Trammell said .
“ Should this occur , the ability to identify those at highest risk for developing severe disease may help to determine who would benefit most if vaccines and anti-viral therapeutics are in limited supply , ” she said .
“ Studies to date have focused on the virus itself to determine what makes some viruses killers , ” she said .
“ Our research looks at the role of the host ’s genetic background , an area that has remained largely unexplored . ”
Flu fells some , not others
Trammell and Toth infected two strains of laboratory mice with an Influenza A virus .
“ Our previous studies established that if you give the same dose of influenza A virus to both strains of mice , about half of the BALB / cByJ ( Type B ) mice will die , compared to about 10 % of the C57BL / 6J ( Type C ) mice , ” Trammell said .
The researchers studied the early immune response by examining the lung tissues of mice 30 hours after they were infected .
They measured the amount of virus , cytokines and myeloperoxidase that was present in the lungs .
Cytokines and myeloperoxidase are proteins that function in the immune response .
Some cytokines are pro-inflammatory , that is , they cause inflammation that helps to eliminate the pathogen .
In a well - orchestrated immune response , pro-inflammatory cytokines act first and then recede once the virus is eliminated .
Anti-inflammatory cytokines regulate the immune response to minimize damage to normal tissues .
Myeloperoxidase is an enzyme that indicates the number of neutrophils -- a type of white blood cell -- present in the lung .
Inflammation of lungs is the difference
The researchers found the level of virus in the lungs of the two mouse strains did not differ significantly .
However , all the pro-inflammatory cytokines , with one exception , were significantly higher in the Type B ( disease susceptible ) mice when compared to Type C ( disease resistant ) mice .
“ Although viral titers are equivalent , B mice develop a much greater pro-inflammatory response during influenza infection than C mice , which may contribute to the differential mortality in these strains , ” the authors concluded .
A related study , “ Microarray analysis of gene expression in the lungs of influenza - infected C57BL / 6J and BALB / cByJ mice , ” complemented these findings .
In this study , Toth and fellow Southern Illinois University School of Medicine researcher , Ming Ding , examined what happened to immune - related messenger RNA ( mRNA ) levels after the two mouse strains were exposed to the flu .
The immune - related mRNAs evaluated in this study ultimately produce the proteins important to the immune response .
Like the other study , these researchers found no difference in the amount of virus in the lungs of the two mouse strains after influenza infection .
But they were “ amazed at the difference in immune - related mRNA levels between the two strains , ” Trammell said .
When compared to uninfected control mice , the mRNA levels in Type B mice were on average 24 times higher , with some types of mRNA increasing more than 100 fold .
In contrast , mRNA levels in Type C mice only increased less than 3 - fold after infection .
“ Both studies show clear and dramatic differences in the pulmonary inflammatory response of the Type B strain of mice , as compared with Type C strain , after infection with the same dose of influenza virus , ” Trammell said .
“ These distinctive responses to the identical virus challenge suggest that the genetic control of the inflammatory response differs between these two strains . ”
Toth and Ming will present their study at the conference on Nov 3 .
“ Our long - term goal is to identify genomic regions , genes , and alleles that control variation in inflammation during infection with influenza virus , ” Trammell said .
“ The identification of these genomic regions has enormous implications for understanding and avoiding the fatality associated with infection . ”
These studies are at the cutting edge of proteomic and genomic research , which has taken a big leap with recent advances in imaging technology and new methods of analyzing masses of data .
Source : American Physiological Society
Explore further Antibodies protect against wide range of influenza B virus strains
The New Zealand woman who caught Nicole Kidman ‘s wedding bouquet had to leave the coveted flowers at the airport when she discovered she was n’t allowed to fly out of Australia carrying plants .
Retirement village manager Evelyn
White , best friend of groom Keith Urban ’s mother Marienne , claims New Zealand ’s bio-security laws would have made it impossible for her to cross the Tasman Sea with her prized possession .
The celebrity couple tied the knot in a lavish wedding ceremony at Cardinal Ceretti Memorial Chapel near Sydney , Australia , on June 25 .
Kidman carried an elegant bouquet of white roses and gardenias , which were arranged by Sydney florist Simone Gooch .
White was able to score the prestigious prize when it landed near her after Kidman ‘s bouquet toss from a balcony missed a group of women waiting to catch it .
She quips , “ What can a girl do when it falls at her feet ? ”
A disappointed White reluctantly handed the ultimate celebrity wedding souvenir back to Mrs. Urban and the country singer ’s father , Bob , when she learned she would be forced to leave it behind .
Article Copyright World Entertainment News Network All Rights Reserved .
Calendar and Contacts Server
The open source Calendar and Contacts Server project is a standards - compliant server implementing the CalDAV and CardDAV protocols .
It provides a shared location on the network allowing multiple users to store and edit calendaring and contact information .
CalDAV is an Internet standard allowing a client to access scheduling information on a remote server .
It extends the WebDAV ( an HTTP - based protocol for data manipulation ) specification and uses the iCalendar format for the data .
The protocol is defined by RFC 4791 .
It allows multiple clients access to the same information thus allowing cooperative planning and information sharing .
Many server and client applications support the protocol .
CardDAV is an address book client / server protocol designed to allow users to access and share contact data on a server .
The CardDAV protocol is defined by RFC 6352 .
The sources are available under the terms of the Apache License , Version 2.0 .
Sub - projects
The following sub-projects are hosted with CalendarServer :
What To Download
If you would like to get involved with Calendar and Contacts Server development , see the QuickStart page for how to check out trunk .
All submitted diffs should be against current trunk .
If you would like to download a version of Calendar and Contacts Server to run on a server , look at this list of release branches .
Find the most recent branch in the list , and then download it by running in a shell : git clone -b CalendarServer - X. Y
https://github.com/apple/ccs-calendarserver.git
Documentation
Getting Involved
HAVING been trumped last week by the decision of the chimpanzee genome - sequencing consortium to publish in their rival , Nature ( see article ) , the editors of Science have now got somewhat of their own back with a trio of papers that look at genes which seem to be involved in the evolution of the human brain .
Two of these papers reported studies carried out by Bruce Lahn , of the University of Chicago , and his colleagues .
Dr Lahn has been studying two genes that tell the brain what size to grow to .
If either of these genes , known as Microcephalin and ASPM , fails to do its job properly , the result is a brain that , though normal in its structure , is far smaller than it ought to be — somewhere between a quarter and a third of the normal volume — and which does not work properly .
One of the characteristics of Homo sapiens is an exceedingly large brain , and some biologists have speculated that changes in these two genes might be part of the cause of this enlargement .
Those speculations have been supported by evidence that these genes have changed significantly since the human and ape lines separated several million years ago .
Dr Lahn has added to that evidence , and has shown that this evolution continued even after Homo sapiens became a species in its own right , less than 200,000 years ago .
One variant of Microcephalin , now widespread , came into existence only about 37,000 years ago , while a widespread version of ASPM originated a mere 5,800 years ago — meaning that it post - dates the beginning of civilisation .
Dr Lahn and his team were able to estimate the dates that the two gene - variants first appeared by looking at which groups of people have them .
The past two decades have revealed a lot about how humanity has spread across the globe , and when .
By tracing branches of the family trees containing the variants in question backward until they join , the dates at which the variants appeared can be worked out .
That the two variants have spread by natural selection rather than chance can be seen from the speed with which they have become established .
If they had no positive consequences , their frequency would rise , if at all , by chance — a process known as neutral drift .
The third paper , by Toshiyuki Hayakawa and Takashi Angata , of the University of California , San Diego and their colleagues , looks at a molecular receptor for a chemical called sialic acid .
This chemical caused a stir a few years ago when it was discovered that human sialic acid is different from that found in apes — and , indeed , any other mammals .
Dr Hayakawa and Dr Angata have found a receptor for sialic acid that occurs in human brain cells ( though the cells in question are support cells rather than actual nerve cells ) , but not in those of apes .
The gene that encodes this receptor molecule seems to have been cobbled together from bits of two other genes one of which , in a curious twist , had itself stopped working properly during the course of evolution .
What all this means is still mysterious .
The study of brain evolution is still in the stamp - collecting phase that begins most branches of science , when researchers are looking for interesting facts to stick in their albums , rather than assembling overarching hypotheses .
These three stamps , though , are very pretty .
Eventually , they may turn out to be precious .
“ That corresponds to three times the volume of all the glaciers in the Alps , ” Dr. Boggild said .
“ If you lose that much volume you ’d definitely see new islands appear . ”
He discovered an island himself a year ago while flying over northwestern Greenland .
“ Suddenly I saw an island with glacial ice on it , ” he said .
“ I looked at the map and it should have been a nunatak , but the present ice margin was about 10 kilometers away .
So I can say that within the last five years the ice margin had retreated at least 10 kilometers . ”
The abrupt acceleration of melting in Greenland has taken climate scientists by surprise .
Tidewater glaciers , which discharge ice into the oceans as they break up in the process called calving , have doubled and tripled in speed all over Greenland .
Ice shelves are breaking up , and summertime “ glacial earthquakes ” have been detected within the ice sheet .
“ The general thinking until very recently was that ice sheets do n’t react very quickly to climate , ” said Martin Truffer , a glaciologist at the University of Alaska at Fairbanks .
“ But that thinking is changing right now , because we ’re seeing things that people have thought are impossible . ”
A study in The Journal of Climate last June observed that Greenland had become the single largest contributor to global sea - level rise .
Until recently , the consensus of climate scientists was that the impact of melting polar ice sheets would be negligible over the next 100 years .
Ice sheets were thought to be extremely slow in reacting to atmospheric warming .
The 2001 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , widely considered to be an authoritative scientific statement on the potential impacts of global warming , based its conclusions about sea - level rise on a computer model that predicted a slow onset of melting in Greenland .
Image Dennis Schmitt , a 60 - year - old explorer , discovered an island in Greenland that had been bound to the mainland .
Credit ... Jeff Shea for The New York Times
“ When you look at the ice sheet , the models did n’t work , which puts us on shaky ground , ” said Richard Alley , a geosciences professor at Pennsylvania State University .
GIVE people power and discretion , and whether they are grand viziers or border guards , some will use their position to enrich themselves .
The problem can be big enough to hold back a country 's development .
One study has shown that bribes account for 8 % of the total cost of running a business in Uganda .
Another found that corruption boosted the price of hospital supplies in Buenos Aires by 15 % .
Paul Wolfowitz , the head of the World Bank , is devoting special efforts during his presidency there to a drive against corruption .
For most people in the world , though , the worry is not that corruption may slow down their country 's GDP growth .
It is that their daily lives are pervaded by endless hassles , big and small .
And for all the evidence that some cultures suffer endemic corruption while others are relatively clean , attitudes towards corruption , and even the language describing bribery , is remarkably similar around the world .
In a testament to most people 's basic decency , bribe - takers and bribe - payers have developed an elaborate theatre of dissimulation .
This is not just to avoid detection .
Even in countries where corruption is so common as to be unremarkable and unprosecutable — and even when the transaction happens far from snooping eyes — a bribe is almost always dressed up as some other kind of exchange .
Though most of the world is plagued by corruption , even serial offenders try to conceal it .
One manifestation of this is linguistic .
Surprisingly few people say : “ You are going to have to pay me if you want to get that done . ”
Instead , they use a wide variety of euphemisms .
One type is quasi - official terminology .
The first bribe paid by your correspondent , in Ukraine in 1998 , went to two policemen so they would let him board a train leaving the country .
On the train into Ukraine , the customs officer had absconded with a form that is needed again later to leave the country .
The policemen at the station kindly explained that there was a shtraf , a “ fine ” that could be paid instead of producing the document .
The policemen let him off with the minimum shtraf of 50 hryvnia ( $ 25 ) .
Another term widely used at border crossings is “ expediting fee ” .
For a euphemism it is surprisingly accurate : paying it will keep your bags , and perhaps your contraband , from being dumped onto a floor and sifted through at a leisurely pace .
( A related term , used in India , is “ speed money ” : paying it can get essential business permits issued considerably faster . )
Paul Lewis , an analyst with the Economist Intelligence Unit ( a sister company to The Economist ) , describes the quasi - business terminology typically used for bribery in the post - communist privatisations of eastern Europe .
A mostly useless but well - connected insider at the company is hired as a “ consultant ” .
The consultant is paid a large official “ fee ” , nominally for his industry expertise , on the understanding that he will cut in the minister and other decision - makers .
A second type of euphemism dresses up a dodgy payment as a friendly favour done by the bribe - payer .
There is plenty of creative scope .
Nigerian policemen are known to ask for “ a little something for the weekend ” .
A North African term is “ un petit cadeau ” , a little gift .
Mexican traffic police will suggest that you buy them a refresco , a soft drink , as will Angolan and Mozambican petty officials , who call it a gazoso in Portuguese .
A businessman in Iraq told Reuters that although corruption there is quite overt , officials still insist on being given a “ good coffee ” .
Double meaning can help soothe the awkwardness of bribe - paying .
Baksheesh , originally a Persian word now found in many countries of the Middle East , can mean “ tip ” , “ alms ” and “ bribe ” .
Swahili - speakers can take advantage of another ambiguous term .
In Kenya a machine - gun - wielding guard suggested to a terrified Canadian aid worker : “ Perhaps you would like to discuss this over tea ? ”
The young Canadian was relieved : the difficulty could be resolved with some chai , which means both “ tea ” and “ bribe ” .
Brown envelopes
Along with the obscurantist language , bribe - taking culture around the world often involves the avoidance of physically handing the money from one person to another .
One obvious reason is to avoid detection , which is why bribes are known as “ envelopes ” in countries from China to Greece .
But avoidance of a direct hand - over is common even where there is no chance of detection .
There will always be some officials who will take money right from a bribe - payer 's hands , but most seem to prefer to find some way to hide the money from view .
A bribe to a border guard may be folded into a passport .
A sweetener to a traffic cop is often placed in the ticket - book that is handed to the driver .
Parag Khanna , who is writing a book about countries on the edge of the rich world that are trying to get rich themselves , describes a bribe - taker he spotted in Georgia who he was sure was a rookie .
Why ?
The scrawny young soldier , forgoing any subtleties , merely rubbed his fingers together in an age - old gesture .
Journalists are an obvious target for bribe - seekers .
They often find themselves trying to get past bored , poorly paid guards and officials to see someone or something more important .
Moreover , they are often foreigners — and around the world white faces , foreign passports , foreign car number plates and a few other distinguishing features are like blood in the water for those seeking a pay - off .
A journalist for a Western newspaper in Moscow was running late for an important meeting at the Kremlin for which he had waited a long while .
On his way he was stopped by the traffic police for some real or invented infraction .
In a hurry , the reporter negotiated a modest bribe — but found he had nothing smaller than a 1,000 rouble ( $ 30 ) note in his wallet .
Inspired by desperation , he agreed to pay 1,000 roubles in exchange for a ride to the Kremlin in the police car , with sirens blaring , to make sure he would be on time .
The policeman tried to hold out for 1,500 roubles , but the steely nerved journalist got his ride for his offer price .
Inappropriate gifts
Journalists can be on the receiving end of bribes , too , to ensure favourable coverage .
A former Africa correspondent for The Economist says that in Nigeria , one of the world 's most corrupt countries , journalists are given hundreds of dollars in brown envelopes “ for expenses ” simply to attend press conferences .
An ocean away , Armstrong Williams , an American columnist and television host , was paid $ 240,000 by the Department of Education to comment “ regularly ” on “ No Child Left Behind ” , an education - reform bill .
He claimed that he was not a “ journalist ” but a “ commentator ” , but conceded that the deal had been ill - judged .
Similarly , Maggie Gallagher , another conservative columnist , was paid to promote the Bush administration 's “ healthy marriage ” programme .
When challenged , she asked , “ Did I violate journalistic ethics by not disclosing [ the contract ] ?
I do n't know .
You tell me . ”
The Economist lays down clear rules for its journalists .
An envelope stuffed with cash , much less a $ 240,000 contract , would be inappropriate .
Any gift , says the policy , must be consumable in a single day .
So a bottle of wine is acceptable , a case of wine is not .
Rich Westerners may not think of their societies as plagued by corruption .
But the definition of bribery clearly differs from person to person .
A New Yorker might pity the third - world businessman who must pay bribes just to keep his shop open .
But the same New Yorker would not think twice about slipping the maître d' $ 50 to sneak into a nice restaurant without a reservation .
Poor people the world over are most infuriated by the casual corruption of the elites rather than by the underpaid , “ tip ” - seeking soldier or functionary .
Indeed , in the world 's richest economy , what many see as simple bribery is an integral part of lawmaking .
In Washington , DC , it is accepted that a lobbyist 's generous campaign contribution to a crucial congressman may help to steer some spending to the lobbyist 's client .
But proving corruption requires proving the intent to exchange one favour for another .
Brent Wilkes , named as a co-conspirator in the bribery case of a Californian congressman , told the New York Times about a lesson he was taught early in his lobbying career : a cheque must never be handed over at the same time as a lobbying pitch is made .
Much better to wait and do it in a hallway later .
Proving intent in a courtroom is famously hard to do , so few such exchanges result in convictions .
But many ordinary Americans are aware of what is going on .
No surprise , then , that Congress is , by some measures , the least popular branch of government .
Yet corrupt practices in America and western Europe are nothing like as pervasive as in other parts of the world .
There is no single cultural factor that inclines a society towards corruption , but economic factors play a big part .
Most clearly , poverty and bribery go together .
But which causes which ?
Mr Wolfowitz 's crusade at the World Bank is based on the idea that corrupt countries fail to develop .
But several countries in Asia have grown rapidly at a time when cronyism was common , including Indonesia and South Korea in their time .
Today 's most conspicuous example is China with its explosive growth .
Polls consistently show that corruption is the top complaint of ordinary Chinese .
From time to time the Chinese government executes particularly egregious offenders , to no apparent avail .
And yet foreign investors cannot pile into the country fast enough .
Although most economists agree that corruption slows development , a corrupt country is nevertheless capable of rapid growth .
Countries may be corrupt because they are poor , and not the other way round .
A cheque must never be handed over at the same time as a lobbying pitch is made .
Much better to wait and do it in a hallway later
Jakob Svensson , an economist at Stockholm University , has cut through cultural stereotypes to search for hard data on corrupt economies .
He has found that socialist and recently socialist economies show higher levels of corruption than others .
Among the factors he has tested for correlation with corruption is the overall education level of the adult population .
A second is openness to imports ( measured by imports as a proportion of GDP ) , which is linked with opportunities for smuggling .
A third is freedom of the press ( as ranked by Freedom House , a civil - liberties watchdog ) , on the hypothesis that independent journalists will expose , and thereby curtail , corruption .
The fourth is the number of days needed to start a business , a proxy for the number of permits required , and therefore red tape .
Mr Svensson found clear correlations between all these variables and the overall level of corruption .
Among the many factors that determine the level of corruption in a country , one stands out .
Whether it takes the shape of an American congressman dispensing a $ 2 trillion budget or a horde of petty officials administering a Bible - sized rulebook , where there is a lot of government , there is a lot of bribery .
Corruption thus offers yet another confirmation of the dictum attributed to Thomas Jefferson that “ the government is best which governs least . ”
By Helen Briggs
Science reporter , BBC News
The slab contains a previously unknown system of writing
More details
The discovery in the state of Veracruz of a block inscribed with symbolic shapes has astounded anthropologists .
Researchers tell Science magazine that they consider it to be the oldest example of writing in the New World .
The inscriptions are thought to have been made by the Olmecs , an ancient pre-Colombian people known for creating large statues of heads .
Co-author Stephen Houston of Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island , US , said it was a " tantalising discovery " .
" I think it could be the beginning of a new era of focus on Olmec civilisation , " he said .
" It 's telling us that these records probably exist and that many remain to be found .
If we can decode their content , these earliest voices of Mesoamerican civilisation will speak to us today . "
Chance find
The slab has been dated to the early first millennium BC .
It appears to have been made by the Olmec civilisation of Mesoamerica , a geographical region located between the Sinaloa River valley in northern Mexico and the Gulf of Fonseca south of El Salvador .
I think it 's a hugely important and symbolic find
Mary Pohl , Florida State University
The Olmecs appeared on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico around 1,200 BC .
They are known to have carved glyphs - a symbolic figure or character that stands for a letter , sound , or word - since around 900 BC , but scholars are divided over whether this can be classified as true writing .
It weighs about 12kg ( 26lbs ) and measures 36 cm ( 14in ) in length , 21 cm ( 8in ) in width and 13 cm ( 5 in ) in thickness .
Its text consists of 62 signs , some of which are repeated up to four times .
Mexican archaeologists Carmen Rodríguez and Ponciano Ortíz were the first to recognise the importance of the find , and it was examined by international archaeologists earlier this year .
Precious object
The team says the text " conforms to all expectations of writing " because of its distinct elements , patterns of sequencing , and consistent reading order .
Commenting on the discovery , Mary Pohl , of Florida State University in Tallahassee , said she believed the authors had made a good case .
The incised text consists of 62 signs , some repeated
More details
The block was carved from precious serpentine rock , suggesting it was probably a holy object used by high orders of society for some kind of ritual activity , she said .
The inscription is indecipherable but scientists hope that further excavations at the site could give clues to its content .
" I think more things will be found , " said Dr Pohl .
" We can make some progress although I do n't think we 'll ever be able to decipher it completely . "
The Sumerians , who lived in Mesopotamia , what is now southern Iraq , are generally regarded to be the first people to develop a form of writing around 5,000 years ago ; although there have been even older claims made for Chinese inscriptions .
" QUANTUM SHOT " # 22
Some simple and genius revelations , made by students
Teacher : " Who can tell me what 7 times 6 is ? "
Student : " It 's 42 ! "
Teacher : " Very good ! -
And who can tell me what 6 times 7 is ? "
Same student : " It 's 24 ! "
Teacher : What is 2 k + k ?
Student : 3000 !
Q : What is the most erotic number ?
A : 2110593 !
Q : Why ?
A : When 2 are 1 and do n't pay at10tion , they 'll know within 5 weeks whether or not , after 9 months , they 'll be 3 ...
Theorem .
A cat has nine tails .
Proof .
No cat has eight tails .
Since one cat has one more tail than no cat , it must have nine tails .
One day , Jesus said to his disciples : " The Kingdom of Heaven is like 3 x squared plus 8 x minus 9 . "
A man who had just joined the disciples looked very confused and asked Peter : " What , on Earth , does he mean by that ? "
Peter replied : " Do n't worry - it 's just another one of his parabolas . "
Speaking about parabolas , here is one more classic :
" Explain the shape of the graph "
Answer : " It 's curvy , with a lighter bit at the end and a rather aesthetically pleasing slope downward towards a pretty flat strait bit ... "
Source : Immense World
Quote of the Day :
" There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable .
There is another theory which states that this has already happened . "
-- Douglas Adams
READ THE NEXT INSTALLMENT
OF " THE MATHEMATICAL HUMOR " SAGA -- Click Here
By Adam Livingstone
BBC Newsnight
Many ISPs have virtually banned BitTorrent from their network
Before I know it , I 'm doing five miles an hour .
What 's more , half the other cars around me are doing the same .
But the cars on the other side of the road are all fine .
So I turn round and head home and suddenly it 's all back to normal .
" What on earth is going on ? " as our man Paxman would say .
" It 's simple " said the grease monkey at my local garage .
" The people who made your car have done a deal with B&Q .
They 've fixed it so that if you ever drive towards Homebase , you 'll start going at 5 miles an hour . "
Network neutrality
Alert readers among you might observe that I 'm talking rubbish , and , despite this being the BBC , I must admit I made the whole incident up .
But imagine if such a thing were possible .
How happy would you be if you were on the receiving end ?
Which brings us to the principle of network neutrality .
In a network neutral world , every piece of internet data is treated equally .
Whether you 're downloading porn from Japan or buying music from iTunes in California or reading a blog in Russian , the Internet does n't care .
It 's all just data and it's all treated the same , all given the same priority on the information superhighway .
And if some big corporation were to start paying your internet service provider to start prioritising their offerings over their rivals , then that ISP would , arguably , be selling that internet connection twice , once to you and once to the corporation .
That would be a violation of network neutrality .
Last week the U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee produced a draft bill to make network neutrality an explicit legal requirement in the US .
This follows a big row where the infrastructure manufacturers like Cisco and 3 M have been lobbying heavily against network neutrality while internet companies like Google and Microsoft have been calling for the opposite .
BitTorrent
Before there can be toll networks someone has to build them
At which point enter our old friend the BitTorrent .
You 'll recall that this protocol has lately spread across the internet like Japanese knotweed , gobbling up perhaps a third of internet capacity , so that many service providers have virtually banned it from their networks before they become choked up completely .
Technically that is perhaps a violation of network neutrality , but one born of practicality rather than any darker motive , they would argue if they were here .
Anyway the main losers are pirates and they can look after themselves .
Bram Cohen , the ' ubergeek ' who gave us BitTorrent , is right up there in the pantheon of Internet gods .
But unlike such luminaries as Shawn Fanning and Tim Berners Lee , Bram still hopes to make money from the fruits of his intellect .
To which end he 's done a deal with Warner Brothers to help them to distribute their movies on BitTorrent .
One of the things that 's hoped might sweeten the deal is a new kind of faster torrent which the makers hope will make the current version look like paint drying .
At the same time it will also unblock those congested pipes , so that his invention can avoid getting banned from networks quite so often .
Massive acceleration
Does speeding up serving some data negate network neutrality ?
The next time someone on the Internet requests that data , it comes not from the original sender but from the Cachelogic store , only this time massively accelerated .
You can see where this is going .
The companies who subscribe to the service will see their data race down the toll roads much faster than everyone else 's can travel .
What then for network neutrality ?
We asked Bram about network neutrality .
He told me " I most definitely do not want the internet to become like television where there 's actual censorship ... however it is very difficult to actually create network neutrality laws which do n't result in an absurdity like making it so that ISPs can't drop spam or stop ... ( hacker ) attacks . "
Does the Cachelogic proposal violate network neutrality ?
" Depending on how you define net neutrality that violates some definitions of it , " says Cohen .
And would he feel comfortable if a media company using BitTorrent did start seeking network priority for its data ?
" It depends really on the nature of the whole thing ...
I 'm against net censorship .
However when you 're talking about large file transfers going to very large numbers of people there frequently are significant costs involved ... ( the media companies ) are frequently bearing a lot of costs already today .
They make some stuff available and pay for bandwidth on it so it 's just a question of the download costs as well as the upload costs . "
Taking its toll
Companies could also upgrade our ability to receive data
To go back to our analogy , it 's not that your car will necessarily slow down when you head to Homebase .
It 's just that you 'll suddenly start travelling at several hundred miles per hour if you go to the rival store .
They 're not doing anything to harm your surfing .
Objectively they 're making it better .
Even if you do n't want to download their movies you might still benefit from the relief in congestion over the whole internet .
And if capital wants to build something and people want to pay for it , well , chances are it 's going to get built .
Which is exactly what you 'd say about a toll road .
You can hear Adam Livingstone 's interview with Bram Cohen on the Newsnight podcast .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
While it is well known that Israeli politicians , in and out of government , are pushing for a hard line on Iran , the role of American Jewish groups on this issue is less clear .
The Jewish Daily Forward reported last Friday that “ American Jewish groups have also stepped up their advocacy efforts regarding Iran , though they generally press for aggressive diplomatic steps without pushing for military action .
These groups have lavishly praised the Bush administration in recent days , after the U.S. Treasury Department banned an Iranian bank from doing business with American entities . ”
The bank in question is the state - owned Bank Sepah , described by a Treasury official in remarks to the Jewish Telegraphic Agency as “ the financial linchpin of Iran ’s missile - procurement network . ”
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Vice Premier Shimon Peres have raised the possibility of an Israeli military retaliation against Iran should it attack Israel .
And they have gone further , pointing out that Israel is equipped with a nuclear arsenal .
Former Democratic presidential candidate General Wesley Clark — who is likely to run again in 2008 — threw himself into a political storm when he told Arianna Huffington , “ New York money people ” are pushing the U.S. into war with Iran , noting , “ you just have to read what ’s in the Israeli press .
The Jewish community is divided , but there is so much pressure being channeled from the New York money people to the office seekers . ”
“ The phrase ‘ New York money people ’ struck unpleasant chords with many pro-Israel activists , ” the Forward reports .
“ They interpreted it as referring to the Jewish community , which is known for its significant financial donations to political candidates . ”
Abraham Foxman , national director of the Anti-Defamation League , told the Forward , “ He is a friend of Israel and is not an antisemite , ” adding , “ but some of the things he said are very , very unfortunate . ”
Clark followed up with a letter to Foxman saying , “ I will not tolerate antisemitic conspiracy webs to permeate the honest debate Americans must have about how best to confront Iran . ”
Clark made a point in the last campaign of noting his pride in the fact his own father was Jewish .
Funny on other blogs :
Privacy Policy
Top 10 Worst Movies ever
Published on 5/17/2006
Manos : The Hands of Fate ( 1966 ) : where are the credits ?!
This is a no- budget horror film made by an El Paso , Texas fertilizer salesman .
It is famous for having an opening nine - minute sequence in which nothing happens but endless driving through the countryside , due to someone forgetting to add in the credits !.
The film gained cult popularity by being featured on the Mystery Science Theater 3000 television show .
It was the # 1 movie on the IMDb Bottom 100 for a long time since the list was first created .
Filmmaker Quentin Tarantino owns a rare 35 mm copy of the film , and has stated that it is his favorite " comedy . "
Plan 9 from Outer Space ( 1956 ) : almost starring Bela Lugosi
The film is introduced and narrated by television psychic The Amazing Criswell , and involves aliens who attempt to conquer the Earth by resurrecting corpses from a cemetery .
The aliens have divined that the human race will soon develop the ultimate weapon : a " solaranite bomb " ( or " solarbonite " ) that can " explode the particles of sunlight " and ultimately destroy the universe .
They have attempted eight times to persuade humanity not to build the bomb , but find themselves unable to even get humanity 's attention .
" Plan 9 " , their plan to resurrect the dead , is their final , desperate attempt .
Unbelievably , this is all claimed to be based on sworn testimony , even though Criswell says it takes place in the future .
Produced and directed by Ed Wood , the movie is widely regarded as a leading candidate for the title of " worst movie ever made " , the film is infamous for " almost starring " Bela Lugosi , since the scenes featuring Lugosi were not shot with this film in mind at all .
Anus Magillicutty ( 2003 ) : the anti-movie that anti-matters
The film focuses on the character Anus , who is obsessed with alcohol and sex .
The story involves Anus ' efforts to hide a dead body .
Eventually , however , Anus also has a run-in with Satan .
As Anus explains to his brother , " Remember that contract we had with Satan ?
To make us beautiful ? ... I think he 's come to collect . "
In late 2005 and early 2006 , it ranked number 1 on the Internet Movie Database bottom 100 list , meaning that it received the lowest scores among people evaluating films in the site 's extensive database .
A critic from the State Press Magazine considers this to be the worst film ever , [ 1 ] although the film was actually marketed that way , with the State Press quote appearing on the poster .
Anus Magillicutty was directed by Morey Fineburgh , and although written by Abraham Fineburgh , there was allegedly no real screenplay .
Gigli ( 2003 ) : The end of Bennyfer Originally a very dark comedy with no romantic subplot , the producers demanded script rewrites throughout filming .
Some reviewers dubbed the film " The ultimate turkey of all time " , referring to Lopez 's character 's sex talk to Affleck 's character inviting him to commit an act of oral sex : " It 's turkey time . "
" What ? " " Gobble , gobble . "
The Times newspaper gave the movie the rating below their lowest possible score of 0 stars , the only movie to recieve this score .
This film is also said to have been a factor in the break - up of the engagement between its two stars .
Winner of 7 Razzies ( including 2005 's Worst " Comedy " of Our First 25 Years ) .
In addition Ben Affleck mocked the film on Saturday Night Live and The Tonight Show .
Monster A Go Go ( 1965 ) : No continuity , incomprehensible non-ending
The plot concerns an American astronaut who mysteriously disappears from his spacecraft as it parachutes to Earth .
The vanished astronaut is apparently replaced by and / or turned into a large , radioactive , humanoid monster .
A team of scientists and military men attempt to capture the monster -- and at one point succeed , only to have him escape again ( however , both the capture and the escape are never shown , with only the narrator revealing this to us ) .
Monster A Go-Go has an unusual , perhaps even unique , production history .
Director Bill Rebane ran out of money while making the film .
Lewis , who needed a second film to show with his own feature , Moonshine Mountain , bought the film , added a few extra scenes and some dialogue , and then released it , creating an odd , disjointed film with little continuity .
The film is infamous among those who have seen it for its incomprehensible " non-ending . "
Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever ( 2002 ) : even the game was better Starring Lucy Liu and Antonio Banderas , the film was universally panned by critics and is believed to have no redeeming features ( not even the comedy value normally associated with bad films ) .
It is often listed among the worst movies ever made .
Financially , the film was a box office failure , grossing just over $ 14 million compared to its $ 70 million budget .
Liu and Banderas play opposing secret agents who are supposedly enemies , but rather than fighting each other they end up teaming up to take down the megalomaniacal director of the NSA .
A Game Boy Advance first - person shooter , Ecks vs. Sever , was based on a very old version of the movie 's script and , storywise , is almost nothing like the film .
It was released before the movie .
A version after the movie 's release , considered a sequel to the game but which followed the movie , was considered an impressive technological feat on the GBA and was much better accepted than the movie itself .
Santa Claus Conquers the Martians ( 1964 ) : martians kidnap Santa Claus Momar ( " Mom Martian " ) and Kimar ( " King Martian " ) are worried that their martian children are watching too much Earth television , most notably station KIDD 's interview with Santa Claus in his workshop at the North Pole .
So Martian leaders decide to kidnap Santa Claus from Earth and bring him to Mars to make toys for the children of their planet .
Famous in the " so bad it 's good " - category , it has been featured on Mystery Science Theater 3000 and holds a spot in IMDb 's worst 100 .
Also cited on a 10 - worst list in The Book of Lists , The Fifty Worst Films of All Time , and the 2004 DVD documentary , The 50 Worst Movies Ever Made .
Features an early screen appearance by 1980s film icon Pia Zadora .
The Canadian TV channel " Space : The Imagination Station " airs this bomb every Christmas as a salute to bad sci-fi .
From Justin to Kelly ( 2003 ) : From Theater To Video
The movie features Kelly Clarkson and Justin Guarini , the winner and runner - up of the first series of American Idol , respectively .
Texan singing waitress Kelly Taylor ( played by Clarkson ) meets Pennsylvania college student Justin Bell ( played by Guarini ) , they fall for each other , and then spend the rest of the movie trying to get together .
The critics began mercilessly deriding the movie upon news of its making , and the movie was the box office bomb they predicted despite its association with the popular television show .
In an interesting twist , theater chains threatened not to show it at all when distributor 20th Century Fox — anticipating a theatrical flop .
On the Internet Movie Database website the film is currently the worst movie ever made .
Other listing systems also rate it among the worst movies ever made .
Craig Kilborn gave it a short and devastating review one day after its release , with the words : " Here 's the movie : From Justin To Kelly .
Here 's my review : From Theater To Video " .
The film 's choreography was considered so bad that a special Golden Raspberry " Governor 's Award " was created just so From Justin to Kelly could win it .
An Alan Smithee Film : Burn Hollywood Burn ( 1997 ) : directed by Alan Smithee
In the film , an editor by the name of Alan Smithee ( played by Eric Idle ) has been allowed to direct Trio , a big - budget action film starring Sylvester Stallone , Whoopi Goldberg , and Jackie Chan .
However , the studio recuts the film , and when Smithee sees the results ( which he describes as being " worse than Showgirls " ) and realises that he cannot use a pseudonym ( because the only one allowed is " Alan Smithee " ) he steals the film and goes on the run , threatening to burn it .
The film was written ( and produced , though he was n't credited for it ) by Joe Eszterhas , and directed by Arthur Hiller .
However , Hiller objected to the way Eszterhas recut the film .
So , as a result , in one of Hollywood 's greatest ironies , An Alan Smithee Film : Burn Hollywood Burn is officially directed by Alan Smithee .
The movie was regarded as one of the worst films of all time , and managed to win five awards ( including Worst Picture ) at the 1998 Golden Raspberry Awards .
The film grossed $ 45,000 , which , accounting for inflation , is less than Plan 9 from Outer Space made during its release .
Batman & Robin ( 1997 ) : or how Batman became gay The fourth installment of the Warner Bros. franchise that began with 1989's Batman and the lowest - grossing of the film series .
This film is often billed as the worst superhero movie of all time , even to the point that star George Clooney said he would refund people 's money if they stopped him on the street and said they had paid to see it .
In an interview with Barbara Walters , Clooney claims he played Batman gay .
The director Joel Schumacher also reputedly admits to not being proud of this film ( to the point where he flat - out apologizes for the film , according to his commentary on the 2005 Special Edition DVD set ) , despite earlier statements to the contrary .
Batman & Robin earned the nickname " Batman on Ice " for a scene in which the titular heroes both inexplicably have retractable skate blades hidden inside their boots .
The film was mocked for the poor script , over - extending the campy attitude of the previous installment Batman Forever , the poor casting of other " big- name " stars Uma Thurman and Arnold Schwarzenegger , and the addition of a poorly portrayed Batgirl , played by Alicia Silverstone .
Likely due to the film 's poor reception , no more Batman movies were made for nearly eight years .
Submit to : Del.icio.us Netscape Furl Facebook Send by Email
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
In 1950s - era Germany , the British forces which had been stationed there after World War 2 were understandably nervous about an invasion from the Soviet Union .
The Cold War had begun , the Iron Curtain was in place , and Stalin was making every effort to compromise Germany ’s capacity for another war despite attempts by the U.S. and England to rebuild Germany as the economic center of a stable Europe .
Additionally , amid tensions , Stalin had split off the Soviet sector of Germany as a communist state .
It was generally perceived that the Soviet Union possessed overwhelming superiority in conventional weapons , and the threat of a new war with the communist USSR was looming over Europe .
As part of the preparations for such a conflict , British forces developed a new kind of landmine to leave behind if they were forced to withdraw from Germany .
It was codenamed the Blue Peacock , and it was essentially a nuclear landmine .
The seven - ton Blue Peacock consisted of a huge steel casing containing a plutonium core surrounded by high explosives .
Its yield was about ten kilotons , and the plan was to bury and submerge ten such landmines around key targets in Germany in the event of an invasion .
The mines would be set to detonate after eight days using a mechanical timer , or alternatively they could be exploded remotely from up to five kilometers away .
Once armed , there was also an anti-tampering system which would detonate the bombs within ten seconds if they were damaged or disturbed .
The mines were intended to cause massive destruction , and leave radioactive contamination over a large area to prevent subsequent occupation by Soviet forces .
One bizarre proposed design called for a casing capable of housing chickens , with the intent to use their body heat to prevent the electronics from being disabled due to winter ’s cold .
For this reason , the Blue Peacock is sometimes referred to as the “ Chicken powered nuclear bomb . ”
Another design called for more traditional fiberglass insulation .
Two prototypes of the Blue Peacock were constructed and tested , though never detonated .
In July 1957 , British army leaders ordered ten Blue Peacock mines , which they planned to station in Germany under the cover story that they were atomic power units .
But the project was cancelled before the order could be filled ;
Hiding nuclear weapons in an allied country was deemed “ politically flawed ” by military leaders , and the risk from radioactive fallout would have been “ unacceptable . ”
Weblog ( blog ) namenjam kontaktom z družino , prijatelji in študenti .
Naslov skuša povedati del cilja : je skrajšana sintagma za vseživljenjsko učenje - " life long learning " .
A blog ( the title is for " Life Long Learning " )
I 'll use for contacting my family , friends and students daily ( or weekly or monthly ... )
The boss of the online betting group BetonSports was detained at an airport early yesterday morning by the FBI after he touched down in the US on his way from Britain to the company 's main operational base in Costa Rica .
Investor fears that the move marked the start of a broader crackdown on internet gambling , judged to be illegal by the US justice department , sent shares in several online operators plunging .
BetonSports fell 23 p , or 16 % , to 122.5 p and Sportingbet lost 42.25 p to 282 p .
PartyGaming , which does not take sports bets , was down 13 p to 96 p in early trading , but recovered to end the day down 6 p at 103p .
These are among several offshore companies to have floated in London in recent years that make a lot of their revenues from American gamblers - though they operate from bases outside the US .
A BetonSports spokeswoman said the firm 's chief executive , David Carruthers , 48 , was detained , along with his wife Carol , at a US airport at 11 pm local time by the federal authorities .
Mrs Carruthers has since flown home to Britain .
Last night the spokeswoman said BetonSports had still not heard from Mr Carruthers .
He is being held in custody in Fort Worth , Texas , after a federal grand jury in the Eastern District of Missouri returned a 22 - count indictment charging him and 10 other individuals and four corporations on various charges of racketeering , conspiracy and fraud , the US justice department said in a statement .
The founder of BetonSports , Gary Kaplan , 47 , was also charged with 20 felony violations of federal laws , it said .
A warrant has been issued for his arrest .
The US has also filed a civil complaint to obtain an order requiring BetonSports to stop taking sports bets from the country and to return money held in wagering accounts to account holders in the US .
A judge issued a temporary restraining order yesterday , with a hearing in the civil case requested within 10 days .
" Illegal commercial gambling across state and international borders is a crime , " US attorney Catherine Hanaway of the Eastern District of Missouri said .
" This indictment is but one step in a series of actions designed to punish and seize the profits of individuals who disregard federal and state laws . "
The justice department has repeatedly said it regards online betting - including sports betting and gaming - as an illegal activity under the Wire Act , the wording of which prohibits wagers on " sporting events or contests " .
Many businesses , particularly online gaming operators , take issue with this position and point to a federal appellate court judgment in 2002 , known as the Mastercard ruling , which states : " The Wire Act does not prohibit non-sports internet gambling . "
BetonSports and its much larger rival Sportingbet operate sports betting as well as casino and poker websites targeted at the US market .
Last night , asked if Sportingbet directors would continue to travel to the US in the light of Mr Carruthers ' detainment , a spokesman said : " We are monitoring the situation closely . "
Chief executive Nigel Payne , who visits the US on a monthly basis , was on holiday yesterday and unavailable for comment .
The spokesman confirmed he was not staying at his Florida home or anywhere in the US .
Mr Payne is due to step down as chief executive in October in order to focus on lobbying activities for the group , particularly in the US .
He will remain on the board of Sportingbet , which makes 65 % of its revenues from the US .
A bill designed to tighten US law on online betting was passed by the House of Representatives last week and has been handed to the Senate .
Mr Carruthers is among those who played down the likelihood of the bill becoming law .
Last week he told the company 's annual shareholder meeting its chances were " remote " .
Though not exactly tech - related , we though this clip was quite informative , showing why your wallet should always be placed in the front packet rather than back — equals more money for gadgets .
Video after the jump .
Though not exactly tech - related , we though this clip was quite informative , showing why your wallet should always be placed in the front packet rather than back — equals more money for gadgets .
Video after the jump .
By Arran Frood
Psilocybin is an hallucinogenic drug
It had been years since Jeremy ( not his real name ) had touched a basketball .
Living with obsessive - compulsive disorder ( OCD ) , Jeremy feared contamination from dirt and germs which prevented any part of his body from touching the ground , save for the soles of his shoes .
But whilst taking part in a small clinical study to investigate the effects of psilocybin , the hallucinogenic compound found in ' magic ' mushrooms , on people with OCD , Jeremy 's bare feet lay on the floor and he expressed a willingness to engage in an activity , playing with a ball , that just hours before he would have been considered abhorrent .
I really think that participating in the study influenced the patient 's remission
Dr Francis Moreno
University of Arizona
Although Jeremy 's symptoms gradually returned , other patients also experienced transient relief from their OCD symptoms and one entered an extended period of remission lasting more than six months .
Lead researcher Dr Francis Moreno , associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Arizona , Tucson , said : " I really think that participating in the study influenced the patient 's remission . "
It was the first to investigate the therapeutic benefits of psilocybin to be published for more than 30 years .
Serious doubts
But critics say the study 's flawed methodology means that conclusions cannot be made about the drug 's efficacy against OCD , and some question whether it should have taken place at all .
Professor Jeffrey Schwartz , of the University of California , Los Angeles , said : " This study is going to receive a lot of attention and it will create a desire on behalf of a patient population that is suffering and hoping for a ' magic bullet ' . "
However , the study 's authors say that the primary purpose of the study was to demonstrate safety .
Dr Moreno said : " If the question is : ' did we find enough information to support exploring this further ? ' , then we got some interesting findings which support the need for a proper controlled study . "
Common condition
There are an estimated six million OCD sufferers in the US , making OCD the fourth most commonly diagnosed psychiatric disorder after phobias , depression and alcoholism .
OCD is associated rituals , such as handwashing
OCD is an anxiety disorder characterised by the repetitive or ritualistic performance of behaviours such as excessive washing , checking , and counting .
Sufferers can be plagued by intrusive thoughts , ranging from unwanted sexual fantasies to committing violent acts .
OCD is treatable although the cause is not fully understood .
SSRIs ( Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) such as fluoxetine ( Prozac ) or the tricyclic antidepressant clomipramine are commonly prescribed and can be highly effective - 60 % of patients on medication improve .
The response rate can be higher when combined with cognitive behavioural therapy .
This is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on solving the patient 's present problems , and is recommended as the first line treatment for people with mild OCD .
Relapse
But half of patients relapse when drugs are withdrawn and a quarter do not respond to conventional therapies at all .
Even when medication is effective , a 30 - 50 % reduction in symptoms is the best that can be achieved .
I 'm concerned that the study only measured effects up to 24 hours and OCD is a chronic condition
Dr Paul Blenkiron
Bootham Park Hospital , York
And if the therapy and drugs do n't work , invasive brain surgery is the only remaining option .
The need for more treatment options and anecdotal reports of OCD patients undergoing periods of remission after using hallucinogens led Moreno and colleagues to give psilocybin to nine people who had had not responded to other treatments .
The patients did see a significant reduction in symptoms for up to 24 hours after they were given psilocybin even on the lowest dose .
But because there was no group given a different drug or no drug at all to compare them to , the benefits could have been simply due to care and attention from the researchers .
Receptors
The way that psilocybin works means that it can have severe mind - altering effects .
I 'm very concerned that people with obsessional problems who experience bursts of nasty images , are being given a drug known to produce intrusive mental phenomena
Professor Paul Salkovskis
Maudsley Hospital Centre for Anxiety Disorders
In this study , the people taking the drug rated the hallucinogenic experience as " stressful " at some times but " psychologically and spiritually uplifting " - describing encounters with past lives , faraway planets , and communing with deities .
But all had previously taken psychedelic drugs before the study - which the researchers say was to increase the safety of the study .
However Dr Paul Blenkiron , a consultant in adult psychiatry at Bootham Park Hospital , York , said : " I 'm concerned that the study only measured effects up to 24 hours and OCD is a chronic condition , not measurable in hours and days , but months and years .
" About 12 % of people can suffer flashbacks after less than 10 exposures [ to psychedelics ] many years later , beyond the six months of this study , so long term effects should be carefully assessed . "
However , he added : " If this substance was effective and had fewer side effects in severe treatment - resistant case , it would be an option . "
Experts also question whether the results are really valid .
" You would expect a spontaneous remission rate of 10 % within in a year , " said Professor Paul Salkovskis , Maudsley Hospital Centre for Anxiety Disorders , who asks whether it is safe to give people with OCD psychoactive substances at all .
" I 'm very concerned that people with obsessional problems who experience bursts of nasty images , like sexually abusing their own child or stabbing someone , are being given a drug known to produce intrusive mental phenomena . "
Colon Cancer Drug
The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) today approved Vectibix ( panitumumab ) for the treatment of patients with colorectal cancer that has metastasized ( spread to other parts of the body ) following standard chemotherapy .
Vectibix , a monoclonal antibody that binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor or EGFR on some cancer cells , received an accelerated approval after showing effectiveness in slowing tumor growth and , in some cases , reducing the size of the tumor .
Advertisement
Follow eMaxHealth on YouTube , Twitter and Facebook Please , click to subscribe to our Youtube Channel to be notified about upcoming health and food tips .
In the United States , it is estimated that 150,000 new cases of colon cancer will be diagnosed and 55,000 deaths will occur from colon and rectal cancer in 2006 .
Approximately 70 percent of all colorectal carcinomas test positive for EGFR .
" Colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer and the third leading cause of cancer mortality in the United States , " said Dr. Steven Galson , director of FDA
I worked on a team ( at the same company as you ) where we were essentially " forced " to use Scrum .
I do n't think a single engineer on our team found it useful , and I personally found it annoying , but we did n't really have a recourse for evaluation : I gave feedback that I did n't like it , but I 'm not sure that everyone else was comfortable doing the same , and there were n't any of these wonderful double blind weekly evals .
I also think its results were mis-used .
The data that was derived from it ( how much our team could accomplish in a week ) was tainted and it should n't have been turned around and used to make decisions .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
WE’VE BEEN DIVING SHIFTS through the night for a week , donning clammy wet suits long after bedtime in order to hover above coral heads and peer into the pools of light from handheld strobes .
We are examining the coral polyps , those goose bump - like swellings decorating staghorn , elkhorn , brain , fan , lettuce - leaf , and plate corals .
Virtually all of the scleractinian , or reef - building , corals are readying themselves for the greatest sex show on earth , preparing to unleash an orgy of fertilization , self - fertilization , hybridization , and every other manner of fruitful and unfruitful coupling Mother Nature can dream up .
The pink and orange gamete bundles that look like caviar eggs but are actually hermaphroditic clusters of eggs and sperm are migrating up the polyps toward the oral cavities , the corals ’ single , multi­purpose orifices .
Each night these bundles have been growing and stretching the polyps until they resemble nothing so much as minuscule pregnant bellies .
On this night , the fourth night after the full moon of the austral springtime , the gametes are beginning to crown , like human heads in their birth canals .
I check my watch .
When I glance back to the coral , the ocean is transformed .
I blink , thinking I ’m seeing things .
But it ’s really here — the black water engulfed in a pink and orange blizzard flowing toward the surface .
Within seconds , countless billions of magenta and tangerine gamete bundles have been birthed from their polyps and are floating upward on the buoyancy of the fatty eggs .
Those of us underwater at this moment are also transformed by the bundles , which collect under the folds and angles of our wet suits , buoyancy control devices , dive masks , and regulators .
Colorful gametes tangle in our hair .
If we could breathe water , we ’d be breathing them .
The rate of the blizzard amplifies until the light from the strobes blinds us .
Clicking to a lower setting , I see eruptions of milky white sperm pulsing rhythmically from nearby sponges and sea cucumbers , polychaete worms and giant clams .
On this night , as many as half of the reef - building corals — perhaps 150 species — plus a host of other invertebrates inhabiting the 1,200 miles of Australia ’s Great Barrier Reef , are spawning .
It ’s an ancient ritual , maybe as old as the 200 million - plus years that scleractinian corals have been alive .
These corals emerged in the darkest days after the Permian - Triassic extinction , when the planet was impoverished nearly beyond repair by massive global climate change , and when almost all life died in hot , dry , and iceless conditions .
Since then they have survived two subsequent mass extinctions , including the one that killed the non-avian dinosaurs .
Already , manta rays with six - foot wingspans are sailing into view , mouths open , filtering the eggs from the water .
At the outer range of our strobes , reef sharks are circling , preparing to gorge on those that have come to feast .
From the cold and perpetually dark reaches of the deep known as the mesopelagic , fish that glow in the dark , and live a mile or more below the tidal , lunar , and seasonal influences that trigger the mass spawning , are rising toward it now , preparing to devour the bonanza they have perceived in ways we can’t .
No modern human knew of the mass spawning of corals on the Great Barrier Reef before 1982 , when marine biologists accidentally happened upon it .
Since then , other spawnings adhering to their own unique schedules have been discovered on many reef systems .
Somehow , spineless , brainless , eyeless , earless , immotile marine animals that meet all our criteria for zero intelligence manage to synchronize their activities to ensure survival .
Otherwise , all their gametes — a year ’s investment in energy — would launch off into open water without ever finding suitable partners .
While an individual animal might survive such behavior for the term of its natural life , the species could not .
12 ASTEROIDS AND EVOLVING INTO WISDOM
In 2004 , John Schellnhuber , distinguished science adviser at the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research in the United Kingdom , identified 12 global - warming tipping points , any one of which , if triggered , will likely initiate sudden , catastrophic changes across the planet .
Odds are you ’ve never heard of most of these tipping points , even though your entire genetic legacy — your children , your grandchildren , and beyond — may survive or not depending on their status .
Why is this ?
Is it likely that 12 asteroids on known collision courses with earth would garner such meager attention ?
Remarkably , we appear to be doing what even the simplest of corals does not : haphazardly tossing our metaphorical spawn into a ruthless current and hoping for a fertile future .
We do this when we refuse to address global environmental issues with urgency ; when we resist partnering for solutions ; and when we continue with accelerating momentum , and with what amounts to malice aforethought , to behave in ways that threaten our future .
A 2005 study by Anthony Leiserowitz , published in Risk Analysis , found that while most Americans are moderately concerned about global warming , the majority — 68 percent — believe the greatest threats are to people far away or to nonhuman nature .
Only 13 percent perceive any real risk to themselves , their families , or their communities .
As Leiserowitz points out , this perception is critical , since Americans constitute only 5 percent of the global population yet produce nearly 25 percent of the global carbon dioxide emissions .
As long as this dangerous and delusional misconception prevails , the chances of preventing Schellnhuber ’s 12 points from tipping are virtually nil .
So what will it take to trigger what we might call the 13th tipping point : the shift in human perception from personal denial to personal responsibility ?
Without a 13th tipping point , we ca n’t hope to avoid global mayhem .
With it , we can attempt to put into action what we profess : that we actually care about our children ’s and grandchildren ’s futures .
Science shows that we are born with powerful tools for overcoming our perilous complacency .
We have the genetic smarts and the cultural smarts .
We have the technological know - how .
We even have the inclination .
The truth is we can change with breathtaking speed , sculpting even “ immutable ” human nature .
Forty years ago many people believed human nature required blacks and whites to live in segregation ; 30 years ago human nature divided men and women into separate economies ; 20 years ago human nature prevented us from defusing a global nuclear standoff .
Nowadays we blame human nature for the insolvable hazards of global warming .
The 18th - century taxonomist Carolus Linnaeus named us Homo sapiens , from the Latin sapiens , meaning “ prudent , wise . ”
History shows we are not born with wisdom .
We evolve into it .
CLIMATE CLIQUES AND NAYSAYERS
Eiserowitz ’s study of risk perception found that Americans fall into “ interpretive communities ” — cliques , if you will , sharing similar demographics , risk perceptions , and worldviews .
On one end of this spectrum are the naysayers : those who perceive climate change as a very low or nonexistent danger .
Leiserowitz found naysayers to be “ predominantly white , male , Republican , politically conservative , holding pro-individualism , pro-hierarchism , and anti-egalitarian worldviews , anti-environmental attitudes , distrustful of most institutions , highly religious , and to rely on radio as their main source of news . ”
This group presented five rationales for rejecting danger : belief that global warming is natural ; belief that it ’s media / environmentalist hype ; distrust of science ; flat denial ; and conspiracy theories , including the belief that researchers create data to ensure job security .
We might wonder how these naysayers , who represent only 7 percent of Americans yet control much of our government , got to be the way they are .
A study of urban American adults by Nancy Wells and Kristi Lekies of Cornell University sheds some light on environmental attitudes .
Wells and Lekies found that children who play unsupervised in the wild before the age of 11 develop strong environmental ethics .
Children exposed only to structured hierarchical play in the wild — through , for example , Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts , or by hunting or fishing alongside supervising adults — do not .
To interact humbly with nature we need to be free and undomesticated in it .
Otherwise , we succumb to hubris in maturity .
The fact that few children enjoy free rein outdoors anymore bodes poorly for our future decision - makers .
Another study , this one from the Earth Institute at Columbia University , found an ominous silence when it comes to educating American K - 12 students on the relationship between our personal behavior and our environment : that the size and inefficiency of our cars , homes , and appliances , our profligate fuels , our love of disposables , and the effects of buying more than we need actually undermine our prospects on earth .
Slightly more time is spent teaching kids how the environment can affect us , overpowering humanity with floods , droughts , storms , earthquakes , climate change .
But in our overall failure to illuminate the interdependence between Homo sapiens and earth we withhold critical knowledge from those whose lives depend upon it most .
Many of today ’s kids recreate in the unwilderness of the shopping mall , where messages of prudence and wisdom are overwhelmed by the consumerism that feeds global warming .
We send our kids to the mall because we fear the dangers outside .
We could hardly be more wrong in our assessment of risk .
THE ALARMISTS AND THE ACROBAT
On the other end of Leiserowitz ’s spectrum of perception regarding global warming is an interpretive community he calls the alarmists , generally comprised of individuals holding pro-egalitarian , anti-individualist , and antihierarchical worldviews , who are supportive of government policies to mitigate climate change , even so far as raising taxes .
Members of this group are likely to have taken personal action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Collectively , alarmists compose 11 percent of Americans , with the remaining interpretive communities falling considerably closer to the alarmists than the naysayers in the spectrum — suggesting the gap might be cinched by sustained public education on the neighborhood dangers likely to arise in a changed global climate .
Hurricane Katrina provided a wake - up call for how bad it can get in the neighborhood , and may prove a tipping point itself .
Yet long before its rampage , American kids were coloring pictures of the first icon of global environmentalism , the Amazon .
Its billion - plus acres of rivers and rainforest — its trees collecting and containing excessive greenhouse gases from the atmosphere — were our primer for the revolutionary notion that the earth ’s neighborhoods are interdependent .
Today Amazonia is the most famous of Schellnhuber ’s tipping points .
For a generation , kids have grown up learning that the Amazon is at risk from massive deforestation .
But even if clearcutting were to halt , climate models forecast that a warming globe will convert the wet Amazonia forest into savanna within this century , and the loss of trees will render the region a net CO 2 producer , further accelerating global warming .
Amazonia ’s tipping point might be fast approaching .
The year 2005 saw the driest conditions in 40 years , with wildfires raging unabated , and 2006 is looking worse , raising alarms that environmental synergism is already in play as changes become self - sustaining and reinforce one another .
Dan Nepstadt of the Woods Hole Research Center in Massachusetts questions whether the warming of the Atlantic ( the tropical North Atlantic rose 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit above the 1901 - 1970 average in 2005 ) is affecting airflow over the Amazon , leading to drier and fierier conditions there .
Changes in the currents of the North Atlantic constitute another tipping point .
As the Atlantic warms , ice caps melt , diluting the ocean and potentially shutting down its thermohaline circulation ( THC ) , the oceanic river currently delivering the thermal equivalent of 500,000 power stations ’ worth of warmth to Europe .
A 2005 study published in Nature found that after 50 years of monitoring , a critical component of the THC had suddenly slowed by 30 percent .
The fate of this circulation is closely linked to one of Schellnhuber ’s more notorious tipping points , the Greenland Ice Sheet .
Encompassing 6 percent of the earth ’s freshwater supply , this ice , if melted , would raise sea levels by about 23 feet worldwide — not counting ice loss from the rest of the Arctic and the Antarctic .
A study by NASA and the University of Kansas showed the decline of Greenland ’s ice unexpectedly doubled between 1996 and 2005 , as glaciers surged into the sea with unpredicted speed .
More worrying , the area of melt shifted 300 nautical miles north during the last four years of the study , indicating the warmth is spreading rapidly .
One tipping point affects the other in a balance as delicate as that of an acrobat ’s spinning plates .
Greenland ’s increasing freshwater flow into the North Atlantic will certainly impact the THC .
Warm water recirculating within the central Atlantic may further rearrange airflow over the Amazon , accelerating its dry - down and tree loss , and potentially freeing as much carbon dioxide from its enormous reservoir as the 20th century ’s total fossil fuel output .
A sudden Amazonian release would surely melt whatever of Greenland had n’t already melted , crashing the THC and drastically cooling Europe — in the worst - case scenario , freezing it solid .
Although we like to compartmentalize , nature does not .
Biology and climatology are the indivisible warp and weft of earth ’s living fabric .
SOCIAL FACILITATION , REWARDING PRUDENCE
A variety of factors enable tiny coral animals to coordinate spawning with pinpoint precision .
Many synchronize to inescapable environmental factors — maximum water temperature , for instance , fine - tuned to moon phase and tides .
Spawners also stimulate the spawning of their fellows by the presence of their eggs in the water .
Thus , among some species , local spawning triggers a cascade of spawning down current , night after night , as the gamete cloud passes overhead .
Many animals coordinate their activities through what is known as social facilitation .
The howling of wolves , the twittering choruses of African wild dogs , the cawing of crows when settling to roost , all serve to synchronize the group , and perhaps to spur individuals to their best performance .
In human psychology , social facilitation is defined as the tendency for individuals to perform better at simple or well - known tasks when they know they are being observed .
Interestingly , research out of the Max Planck Institute in Germany found that people are more likely to take action to protect the climate when they are seen to be doing so .
Manfred Milinski and his cohorts used a variation on game theory , a tool born from mathematics and economics , now used across many disciplines to analyze optimal behavior strategies when the outcome is uncertain and is dependent on the choices of others .
In Milinski ’s version of the game , players were asked to contribute money — in some rounds anonymously , in other rounds publicly — to a common pool used to pay for a magazine advertisement warning the public of the dangers of global warming and listing simple means to limit individual carbon dioxide emissions .
Some rounds enabled players to reward or not reward fellow players whose “ reputations ” as donors from previous rounds were revealed .
Some groups received scientific information on the causes and consequences of climate change ; others did not .
The results showed that almost no one was willing to donate money anonymously .
Those who did had received the scientific education .
Overall the largest donors were those both tutored in the science and able to donate publicly .
In the reputation rounds , players generally only rewarded fellow players who were known to be donors .
Clearly , we are inclined to behave as better citizens when we are educated and when our actions are visible .
Perhaps if we ’re vigorously informed of the neighborhood dangers of global warming , we ’ll make sustainable and sensible lifestyle choices .
Abetted by knowledge , social facilitation might begin to reward prudence .
SOCIAL LOAFING , THE MEDIA , THE OZONE HOLE
Even well - intentioned citizens feel helpless in the face of looming global calamities and respond by circling the wagons and focusing on family - size problems .
The end result is that most of us practice denial , which appears in the culture at large as indifference , and which collectively enables us to embrace the dark sister of social facilitation : social loafing .
Social loafing is the tendency of individuals to slack when work is shared and individual performance is not assessed .
There may be no better example of social loafing than in the U.S. Congress , where members cloak their lethargy regarding global climate change behind the stultifying inactivity of their fellows .
And why not ?
After all , who ’s watching ?
Not the media .
For example , on the day the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) announced that the first half of 2006 was the hottest on record in the United States , the news vaporized in the explosions of the Israeli - Lebanese conflict .
Though the media would never ignore another round of Middle East bloodletting by rationalizing that we ’ve heard all that before , this is exactly what it does with environmental news .
Part of the reason is that the organizations responsible for bringing us the news fail to assess that new science stories are not the same global warming story rehashed from last week / month / year but worrisome new data .
Combined , the growing body of scientific knowledge gains heft and power .
But the public rarely hears it , reinforcing our denial and indifference .
A 2005 workshop at the Tyndall Centre assessed the performance of the media and found that its sensationalist approach simplified complex issues , while its “ balanced ” coverage ignored the consensual scientific view , awarding a few skeptics equal billing .
The workshop also noted a seminal study from Philadelphia ’s Drexel University , which found the U.S. media subservient to ( at least ) or controlled by ( at worst ) the fossil fuel industry .
A classic example of the bad marriage between a compromised media and a slacking public fuels another of Schellnhuber ’s tipping points .
We ’ve known since 1985 , when scientists first reported a “ hole ” above Antarctica , that chlorofluorocarbons deplete ozone in the stratosphere .
Two years later the world mobilized to sign the first Montreal Protocol phasing out ozone - destroying chemicals .
All seemed well enough .
Kofi Annan called the Montreal Protocol one of the undoubted success stories of international cooperation .
Yet along with the hole over the Antarctic , and the newer ozone dimple over the Arctic , a general thinning is under way everywhere else on earth at the rate of about 3 percent per decade .
Schellnhuber calls the ozone hole the mother of all tipping points since it tips even as we declare victory .
In June 2006 researchers from NASA , NOAA , and the National Center for Atmospheric Research announced findings that the hole will take 20 more years than previously predicted — that is , until 2018 — to begin significant healing .
This is partly the result of a paradoxical effect of global warming :
It actually makes the stratosphere cooler , and a cooler stratosphere slows ozone repair .
Yet the critical new findings , the snowballing data , go largely unreported .
Similarly , we hear about the connection between ozone depletion , skin cancers , and cataracts but very little about the fact that increased ultraviolet radiation will also impair or destroy phytoplankton .
Without these tiny marine plants turning inorganic sunlight into organic life , none of us would or will be here .
Although they live underwater , phytoplankton mitigate atmospheric carbon dioxide more powerfully than any other known agent .
They are critical counterweights to another tipping point : the Antarctic Circumpolar Current ( ACC ) , which circulates 34 billion gallons of water around Antarctica every second , carrying nutrients from the depths to the surface .
A 2006 Princeton study identified this current of the Southern Ocean as the key global player in the balance between the nutrient and carbon cycles of our planet .
Put simply , the more nutrients in Antarctic waters , the less carbon dioxide in earth ’s atmosphere , because the nutrients fuel the phytoplankton that absorb CO 2 .
Moreover , when these phytoplankton die , they sink , taking their CO 2 load with them to the cold bottom of the ocean and sequestering it there .
But global warming is predicted to slow the nutrient upwelling , affecting phytoplankton populations in the Pacific , Indian , and Atlantic oceans , too .
Just as the oceans affect the atmosphere , so the land affects the oceans .
In another of Schellnhuber ’s tipping points , global warming is expected to shrink the Sahara by increasing rainfall along its southern border .
A greener Sahara will emit less airborne desert dust to seed the Atlantic and feed its phytoplankton , to suppress hurricane formation , and to fertilize the CO 2 - eating trees of Amazonia .
Hardly a neighborhood on earth will look the same if Africa tips .
THE GAME THEORY OF COCKROACH DEMOCRACY
Recent research out of the Université Libre de Bruxelles in Belgium shows that cockroaches live in a democracy composed of individuals with equal standing that consult to reach consensus on decisions affecting the whole group .
These decisions are made nonhierarchically and in the absence of perfect knowledge .
Somehow these simple creatures balance the inevitable conflicts between cooperation and competition in ways that benefit all .
Some dolphins manage this social dilemma ingeniously , too .
At 5.5 feet long and 150 pounds , Tahitian spinner dolphins are among the world ’s smallest cetaceans , inhabiting the tropical waters of the globe , often in close proximity to coral reefs .
They live in flexible , ever - changing groups composing what the late Ken Norris of the University of California - Santa Cruz called “ a society of remarkably cooperative friends . ”
This day in French Polynesia , a group of about 25 spinner dolphins is sleeping behind the barrier reef protecting Moorea ’s lagoon from the open sea .
Like all dolphins , they remain conscious during sleep , resting only the hearing parts of their brains while relying on their sight to identify predators .
In this state , they move as stealthily as ghosts , surfacing quietly , breathing low .
But by the late afternoon the school begins to awaken and the dolphins pick up speed , with individuals bursting through the surface to perform the dramatic aerial leaps and spins for which the species is named .
Then almost as quickly as they awoke , the dolphins slow down again .
The spinners have entered the phase of their day Norris and colleagues dubbed “ zigzag swimming , ” with the group oscillating between sleep and wakefulness , as some individuals wish to awaken and others wish to lounge abed in the lagoon a while longer .
Underwater , the split in intentions is even more obvious .
When the group is persuaded to sleep , the dolphins fall silent .
When the group is urged to awaken , the sea explodes with the whistles , clicks , quacks , moos , baahs , barks , and squawks of their varied calls .
In short order , these sounds are accompanied by an artillery barrage of dull booms and hissing bubble trains : the percussion of belly flops and back flops at the surface .
Like howling wolves and cawing crows the spinners are consolidating their intentions , using zigzag swimming to cast and recast their votes until consensus is reached .
As the afternoon progresses , their phonations grow louder , eventually merging into the congested cross talk that Norris et al. jokingly called the Yugoslavian News Broadcast .
This is the buoyant clamor of true democracy .
Since there is no leader or hierarchy in this or any other aspect of spinner life , every dolphin is awarded the same voting power .
However many individuals reside here today is the same number that must now agree on when to leave and where to go .
It ’s no easy decision .
At stake are their lives .
By leaving the lagoon the spinners face real danger .
To catch fish they must venture offshore and dive alone or in mother - calf pairs to depths of 1,000 feet or more in the nighttime sea .
They will be hunting alongside many larger predators , including sharks hunting them .
Throughout the night the school maintains auditory contact as members share information ( location of a food source ) and resources ( the food ) , even when that sharing might diminish their own wellbeing ( less food left for them ) .
This trade - off enables individuals to survive conditions they could not survive alone .
Curiously , cockroaches and spinner dolphins have learned to share in ways both prudent and wise — despite the predictions of game theory , which in its simplest guise posits that cheaters will beat altruists every time .
Clearly , nature knows otherwise .
A recent study hints at the evolution of altruism .
A team of Swiss and American mathematicians and population biologists ran a variant of game theory known as a public goods game , in which players contribute money to a common pot that an experimenter doubles , divides evenly , and returns to the players .
In ordinary play , if all players contribute all their money , everyone wins big .
If one player cheats , everyone wins small .
If an altruist and a cheater go head - to - head , the cheater wins consistently .
This paradox is known as the Tragedy of the Commons .
But in the new computer variant , population dynamics were introduced into the game .
Players were divided into small groups that played among themselves .
Each player eventually “ reproduced ” in proportion to the payoff received from play — thereby passing her cooperator or cheater strategy to her offspring .
Mutations and dispersions were introduced , creating a shifting population of individuals divided into groups of changing sizes and allegiances .
After 100,000 generations , the results were surprising .
Rather than succumbing to the cheaters , the cooperators overwhelmed them .
This is because cooperators flourish in smaller groups where their high investments begin to pay off , says Thomas Flatt , one of the study ’s authors .
They reproduce at higher rates , gain a toehold in a group , eventually come to dominate it , then launch their offspring to spread their altruism to other groups .
Cockroaches have been on earth about 300 million years and dolphins about 50 million years — what amounts to millions of rounds of play .
During those eons they have evolved what ethologists call “ obligate cooperation ” : an evolutionarily stable strategy that reflects the individual ’s inescapable dependence on the group .
Somewhere along the way , these two very different life - forms found the tipping point and slipped from selfishness toward altruism , transforming what we perceive as the Tragedy of the Commons into something more like a triumph .
SEQUESTERED KNOWLEDGE AND SNOW MIRRORS
Knowledge can be viewed as a commons .
At the moment , science knows far more than it “ tells ” to the larger world , in effect hoarding its resource .
Not all scientists agree with this strategy , leading the community to play out its own version of zigzag swimming .
At a recent meeting of the Society for Conservation Biology , members argued over whether they should simply publish their findings in their scientific journals or advocate solutions — by forcing their results , conclusions , and suggestions in front of lethargic policymakers and the press .
Some vigorously oppose the proactive approach as one that sullies research .
Others believe the time has come for the man behind the curtain to step forth .
A survey in the wake of the conference found that 70 percent of the 300 members favored increased advocacy .
At the moment , however , the behavior of most researchers is still largely non-advocatory , depriving the lay world of the right to zigzag on its own through global warming issues .
Sequestering scientific knowledge is the equivalent of piling lead weights on the scales of the tipping points we hear little or nothing about .
Take another tipping point : the Tibetan Plateau , a million square miles of steppe , mountains , and lakes .
This roof of the world is home to fewer people per square mile than any land besides Greenland and Antarctica .
Rising an average of 15,000 feet above sea level , its snowy heights act like an enormous mirror reflecting the sun ’s warming rays back to space .
But global warming is forecast to melt these snows and uncover dark soils ideal for absorbing sunlight and warming the earth in a positive feedback loop .
The Tibetan Plateau acts like a powerful chimney between earth and the sky , connecting tipping points in both places .
It cools the stratosphere by drawing water vapor and chemicals upward via thunderstorms .
A cooler stratosphere rearranges the jet stream , resulting in warmer winters in North America and Europe , and exacerbating the Greenland and ozone - hole tipping points .
The source of Tibet ’s thunderstorms is the Asian monsoon , which drives oceanic moisture up the flanks of the Himalayas .
Geoscientists expect a warming climate to either weaken or strengthen the monsoon , perhaps one after the other .
Either effect is potentially catastrophic for the more than half the world ’s population adapted to and reliant on the monsoon as it currently exists .
For this reason , the monsoon is another of Schellnhuber ’s tipping points .
The health of the monsoon is critically connected to the ocean , notably the faraway North Atlantic thermohaline circulation .
Working with fossilized plankton and ancient iceberg debris , scientists from India and America have concluded that periods of a cooler and less salty North Atlantic corresponded to — or else produced — weaker monsoons .
This suggests a warming climate might strengthen the monsoon , perhaps ruinously , then weaken it below present levels if and when the THC shuts down .
Other studies hint that the connective tissue between the monsoon and the North Atlantic is none other than the Tibetan Plateau .
Normally , spring warms the air above Tibet and powers the pressure gradient driving the monsoon .
But a cooler North Atlantic might cool the plateau lying downwind , stalling the monsoon ’s ignition .
No matter how badly it manifests for us , nature evolves toward efficiency , balancing the spinning plates at the point of minimum effort , rearranging them with ruthless dexterity .
THE RECIPROCAL ALTRUISM OF VAMPIRE BATS
An assessment by the World Health Organization concluded that the effects of climate change since the mid-1970s likely caused more than 150,000 deaths in the year 2000 .
Other analyses estimate 160,000 deaths a year since then .
In contrast , terrorism caused 56 American deaths in 2005 , the same year we spent about $ 100 billion fighting it and its shadow oil war — even as these investments fantastically increased the real threats to our homeland security .
To mitigate and survive the global changes coming our way , we need to cooperate in unprecedented ways .
Biologists have long struggled with the notion of cooperation , which was once seen as benefiting the “ survival of the species ” — until geneticists pointed out that , evolutionarily speaking , there is no mechanism in place for species survival , only individual survival .
William Hamilton ’s work on colonial - living insects advanced the radical idea that related individuals might act altruistically because they share genes .
Eventually , scientists surmised that individuals act altruistically toward even unrelated others in expectation of an equivalent reciprocal act at some time in the future .
A now - classic example was found among vampire bats .
Gerald Wilkinson of the University of Maryland discovered that on any given night , 7 percent of adult vampire bats and 33 percent of juveniles fail to find a blood meal .
They rarely go hungry , however , since well - fed bats regurgitate blood to them upon return to the roosting colony .
Wilkinson ’s experiments showed that bats are more likely to share blood with a bat that has previously fed them .
Without these reciprocated favors , he wrote , “ annual mortality should exceed 80 percent , but female vampire bats are known to survive more than 20 years in the wild . ”
In other words , because they share a little every day , vampire bats increase their longevity over a lifetime .
Those that do n’t share die young .
The notion of reciprocal altruism is tested in game theory through the Prisoner ’s Dilemma , in which two players pitted against each other choose to cooperate or not cooperate ( cheat ) .
Cheaters always win — except when the same players engage in repeated rounds together .
Iterated play eventually produces a tit - for - tat response , until the players learn to cooperate , lest they both lose .
In this way , punishment for cheating leads to cooperation .
A Prisoner ’s Dilemma variant run by Stuart West of the University of Edinburgh found that small groups of people are more likely to come together and cooperate ( share resources ) when engaged in repeated interactions , and when the competition for resources occurs on a more global than local scale .
His study took place over two years , engaging undergraduate classes of 12 or 15 students broken into groups of 3 .
West ’s results suggest that manipulating how the players perceive competition alters the level of cooperation .
He suggests this insight could be used to encourage altruism .
One way would be to reward local cooperation .
Another would be to create a common enemy who must be competed against globally .
Since we already have our common enemy , global warming , perhaps we can bring it to life .
Picture a fiery monster consuming our neighborhoods .
It ’s big and scary yet vulnerable to the Lilliputian arrows each of us wields with personal lifestyle choices .
However , the hybrid car is not enough .
Wielding the big stick of consumer choice , we can batter the fiery monster more convincingly if we persuade the corporate world that we are serious and , collectively , powerful .
We can buy or not buy .
We can invest or not invest .
Business can survive by becoming green and sustainable .
How might we get these messages across ?
Imagine a lottery funding advertising about the fiery monster , the Lilliputian arrows , the neighborhood dangers .
Ideally these advertisements would be big and splashy and persistent enough to awaken us from our slumber in the televised lagoon .
Instead of a ticket , we ’d buy a web listing displaying our commitment to the battle as well as our marksmanship rating : a number reflecting how much money we ’d donated , the efficiency of our car , home , appliances .
The highest - rated players would earn high - visibility web pages .
Low - rated players could improve their ratings by following a list of lifestyle amendments .
The higher our rating , the greater our chances in the lottery .
Every week someone would win .
Would we play ?
THE CLATHRATE GUN HYPOTHESIS
Here ’s what happens when we do n’t .
Left to governments alone , the troubles breed and fester .
For example , the Kyoto Protocol , ratified by 165 nations ( but not the United States ) , requires its signatories to report their greenhouse gas emissions .
A 2004 study by the European Commission Joint Research Centre in Italy found this voluntary reporting to be grossly inaccurate .
The United Kingdom , for instance , which advertises itself as a leader in the global warming fight , actually emits up to 92 percent more methane than reported .
Other enormous discrepancies were found in Germany , China , and France .
Methane is one of the three greenhouse gases reported under Kyoto ( along with carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide ) .
Twenty times as powerful a greenhouse gas as carbon dioxide , methane has more than doubled in the atmosphere in the last 150 years until today it totals about half the greenhouse effect caused by carbon .
Worse , methane emissions increase rapidly in a warming climate .
So even as methane alters climate , it is also affected by climate — another dangerous positive feedback loop .
Methane garners its own tipping point in the form of methane clathrates , the 1 - to 2.5 - trillion - ton reservoir of frozen methane underlying the ocean floor and the Arctic permafrost .
Some scientists believe that the sudden melting of clathrates in the past released massive “ burps ” into the atmosphere , catastrophically amplifying global warming .
The Clathrate Gun Hypothesis posits that a big burp of methane triggered the Permian - Triassic extinction 250 million years ago .
Schellnhuber and others fear this could happen again as ocean temperatures warm , and as the permafrost melts .
A recent study in Nature reported that the Siberian and Alaskan permafrosts are rapidly melting , releasing five times more methane than expected .
Exacerbating those problems , a study by Russian and American researchers in Science published in June announced , is a heretofore unknown global carbon source in a deep layer of permafrost known as loess , which contains an estimated 500 gigatons of carbon .
The loess has never been accounted for in climate warming models .
Warming oceans may also trigger the tipping point known as salinity valves — the chemical plugs enabling oceanic bodies to maintain strikingly different ecosystems and biodiversity .
These include the Mediterranean , the Red Sea , the Caribbean , the Persian Gulf , the Gulf of Mexico , the Black Sea , the Baltic , and the Java Sea .
Warming waters may unbalance the El Niño tipping point , too , which NOAA researchers report could create a persistent El Niño with biblical droughts and floods afflicting half the globe all year , every year .
Finally , the West Antarctic Ice Sheet .
Long believed too cold to melt anytime soon , this icy world now confounds the soothsayers .
New data from the British Antarctic Survey hint that the slumbering giant is awakening , its 7 million cubic miles of ice thinning dangerously .
If melted , the ice sheet will raise sea levels between 16 and 50 feet worldwide .
This recent melt may be caused in part by the Antarctic Oscillation — a kind of on / off switch affecting pressure gradients in the Southern Hemisphere .
At its current setting , the Antarctic Oscillation is warming Antarctica , increasing the melt , and accelerating the flow of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current ( our earlier tipping point ) .
As we ’ve heard , changes in this current affect plankton populations , which affect atmospheric CO 2 .
Changes in the ACC also affect the global thermohaline circulation , which controls everything from Europe ’s thermostat to the monsoon .
In the end , all the spinning plates spin or fall together , and the Antarctic Oscillation appears to be triggered by none other than the ozone hole , the wound that refuses to heal .
The cooler stratosphere caused by ( and causing ) the ozone hole produces the weather changes at ground level now threatening to turn Antarctica ’s icescape into a continent - swallowing seascape .
In less than 200 years , armed with fossil fuels , we ’ve wrested hold of the spinning plates , donned the acrobat ’s tights , and initiated our own wobbly circus .
Nature , impassive and plenipotent , waits to reward or punish us .
LET THEM EAT CO 2
The nature of tipping points is that they happen dizzyingly fast .
The good news is that history proves we are capable of keeping up .
Social scientists once believed it would take decades of government pressure and education for Americans to choose smaller families , since the desire to procreate is an absolute part of the human animal , or so they thought .
Yet population radically declined in the course of only three years in the 1970s — one woman at a time , without an ounce of government involvement .
Harvard sociobiologist Edward O. Wilson calls the voluntary choice of women around the globe to limit their families an almost miraculous gift to future generations .
We also changed with breathtaking speed in 1941 when we recalibrated the entire economy of the United States in one short year to fight global enemies in Germany and Japan .
The effort was promoted by the government but carried forward by individual citizens .
Obviously , our powers of transformation are magnified by visionary leaders .
Mahatma Gandhi’s Salt March in 1930 ignited Indians of diverse religions , languages , and ethnicities to unite in the common cause of independence .
Gandhi , in turn , inspired Martin Luther King Jr. , Stephen Biko , Nelson Mandela , and Aung San Suu Kyi , who catalyzed their followers to change the world as well .
Leaders can rouse us against them , too .
Whether or not Marie Antoinette actually said , “ Let them eat cake , ” she inspired change that reverberated far beyond Europe .
Likewise , when George W. Bush says we ca n’t act on global warming until we “ fully understand the nature of the problem , ” we can use his callous disregard as a rallying cry .
The truth is , we can change , and change fast , even in the absence of perfect knowledge .
Like cockroaches , our hallmark is adaptability .
Long ago , we looked out from the trees and saw the savannas .
Beyond the savannas we glimpsed other frontiers .
History proves that when we behold a better world , we move toward it , leaving behind what no longer works .
WE ARE THE ANTIDOTE
This morning , in the aftermath of the coral spawning on Australia ’s Great Barrier Reef , the surface of the sea is slick and pink with eggs .
From the air or from afar it looks like an oil spill and smells like a fish kill , drawing in creatures from the deep and creatures from the land , including crocodiles cruising the reefs .
Underwater , the fish that make their living picking plankton are hyperactively at work — the day shift toiling alongside the night shift , as lobsters , cuttlefish , and flashlightfish forgo sleep to feast .
Above , the air is crowded with seabirds plucking at the surface with pink - stained beaks .
In the coming days the gamete cloud will travel on prevailing currents , triggering the corals below to spawn .
Seduced by moonlight , spring , and the tides , stimulated by the chemistry of other spawners , the tiny creatures that build their own world will build it again .
So too with us .
The difference between people and corals is that if we build our world poorly , we can rebuild it well .
We know what to do .
We know how to do it .
We know the timeline .
We are our own antidote .
People in hospitals are susceptible to MRSA infection
US researchers have developed a vaccine that protected mice from four potentially deadly strains of MRSA .
Writing in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the team said the study could lead to a human vaccine , though more work was needed .
Methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus often strikes in hospitals where patients ' immune systems are weak .
This microbe 's ability to acquire the tools it needs to protect itself from the drugs we use to treat it is legendary
Olaf Schneewind
It is difficult to fight because it has developed a resistance to certain antibiotics .
The team looked for a vaccine using a technique called " reverse vaccinology " , which builds on recent genetics advances .
It involved sifting through the genome of Staphylococcus aureus to hunt for proteins on the microbe that might spark the body 's immune system into action , producing protection against the bacteria .
The team identified four proteins that prompted a strong immune response , making them good targets for vaccines .
Understanding the mechanism
When they combined the different proteins and injected them into laboratory mice , they discovered the mice had gained protection against five different strains of Staphylococcus aureus .
Four of these strains were MRSA , while the other was a strain associated with toxic shock after burn injuries .
The vaccine gave the mice between 60 % and 100 % immunity .
The team said further tests would be needed to understand the mechanism of the vaccine and to discover if it would be as effective in humans .
Lead researcher Olaf Schneewind , professor of microbiology at the University of Chicago , said : " This microbe 's ability to acquire the tools it needs to protect itself from the drugs we use to treat it is legendary , which is why a vaccine has become such a high priority .
" One by one , this organism has learned how to evade nearly all of our current antibiotics .
So , generating protective immunity against invasive S aureus has become an important goal . "
More research needed
But Dr Jodi Lindsay , senior lecturer at the Centre of Infection at St George 's , University of London , said : " I think this study has not discussed some important things .
" The researchers did not look at a good cross-section of strains of MRSA - there are several families of MRSA , each containing many different strains , and the team only looked at a few US - specific strains . "
She added that , for a vaccine to be efficient across a number of different strains , the proteins used must be the same in every strain but the proteins used in the experiments varied .
" It is also important to remember a mouse model is not the same as a human model .
The hard bit is getting a vaccine from a mouse to a human , because that involves a lot of patients , a lot of money , a lot of regulation , and so far , the best examples have failed . "
: I 've scanned more images -- check them out HERE I found this musty handbook from 1962 in a pile of similarly musty magazines and articles in a booth at the Inman Park Arts Festival several years back .
The illustrated cover was what initially caught my eye but then I glanced at the large bold lettering at the top and I immediately put it in my " to buy " pile .
The cover is classic : your average white American family enjoying life as best as they can after an atomic attack .
What I love the most about it is that Mom is in her day dress , apron and all , preparing dinner , and Dad is relaxing in his jacket , smoking a pipe , having just finished reading the liner notes to something by the Ray Coniff Singers , probably .
I did n't even take a gander at what was inside until later at home .
Most of what you 'll find in the handbook is pretty standard construction " how - to's " -- it could 've been sold at a Home Depot if they had them back then .
In the table of contents you 'll find chapter headings with titles like : " How You Can Survive a Nuclear War " , " Build a Shelter Now " , " Stock Up Now " , " Have a Plan of Action Now " , " While You Are in Shelter " , " Evacuation " , etc .
This one was interesting : " Guerrilla Warfare " , with the tagline , " It 'll be done by the people who survive with equipment that survives . "
The chapter is filled with then - impressive photos of military weapons and vehicles : jets , tanks , missiles , and the like .
Not the best photography , but there are some quaint images that I scanned and would like to share with you .
Check it out
The article follows the Perkins family , who decided to do a test living in a shelter for seven days .
Great revelations include : " Mrs. Perkins missed her kitchen and trips to the beauty parlor , " ( this was during day four ) ; " By the fifth day , the Perkins family began to realize the seriousness of our times and the value of a shelter ... " ; and lastly : " ... the Perkins family did n't enjoy their stay in a shelter , but , on the other hand , they found that it could be done with a minimum of discomfort and danger .
" I just love that bershon pose the daughter is giving there .
She does n't look happy .
When in doubt : give a kid a book on surviving a nuclear attack to pull the heart strings of each and every reader .
This just struck me as funny .
I dunno why .
She 's checking for radiation levels , in case you 're wondering .
Ladies and gentlemen : The Loneliest Man in the World .
Me thinks this was wishful thinking on his part for installingbeds , do n't you agree ?
Not many illustrations in this handbook , save for the cover and this one , with some nice post - nuclear winter fallout trees in the background there .
There are a few advertisements in the Fallout Shelter Handbook , most of which are dull and mundane .
But there were a few that caught my eye : I always use my children for slave labor , do n't you ?
" Pick up the pace , Junior , Sally 's looking a little peaked .
" Everybody poops .
Even during fallout .
If I had my choice , I 'd much rather go with this toilet than the following one .
But then again , I 'm not too sure about chemicals agitating my stink in such close - knit quarters .
Nothing like ending a post with an image of a toilet .
Enjoy !
You can see all images from the Fallout Shelter Handbook in this Flickr set For all things atomic , be sure to check out Conelrad.com .
Some great articles and short films on Civil Defense during the Cold War years .
A view of the living and music room of well - known DJs
How the most famous
Dj in the world live .
The interior of the apartments are similar to music shops with a huge collection of vinyls
Richie Hawtin
Villalobos
Lawrence
DJ Hell
Sven Väth
Ellen Allien
Ali Schwarz
Andre Galluzzi
Ata
DJ T
DJ Koze
There ’s a lot of confusion about Windows Vista these days .
Many online discussion forums have a great number of users who express no desire to upgrade to Vista .
Sure , we ’ve all seen the screenshots and maybe a video or two of Vista in action , but for many it only seems like new tricks for an old dog .
Yeah , it ’s got some fancy 3D effects in the interface , but OS X has been doing that for years now , and it ’s still Windows underneath , right ?
The sentiment seems to be that Vista is another Windows ME — an avoidable upgrade that is n’t really going to breathe new life into your computer .
Perhaps part of the problem is that people just do n’t know what Vista has in store for them .
Microsoft has gone big on the very high - level marketing with slogans like “ Bringing Clarity to Your World ” and has delivered detailed nitty - gritty explanations of the underpinnings to the enthusiast press , but it has done so in a slipshod fashion .
We ’re here to pull it all together and tell you why we ’re excited about Vista .
Here ’s a list of what ’s new and improved in Microsoft ’s next generation OS and why you should care about it .
Of course , Vista is far from finished with probably six months of heavy - duty development left , and a lot of things tend to come together at the end ( you should have seen Windows XP six months before release ) .
We ’re not saying Windows Vista will be the greatest OS ever — it ’s too early for that .
But we ’re excited about its promise , and we think once you know about all the cool stuff going into it , you will be too .
Continued …
This is kind of interesting in the sense of first amendment issues ( do you relinguish your 1st Amendment rights on registration ) , but this story should peg our interests for another reason .
Because conservatives , as is their habit want to have it both ways – pun intended , Coalition of conservative groups believe hotel porn may be prosecutable
“ A coalition of 13 conservative groups – including the Family Research Council and Concerned Women for America – took out full - page ads in some editions of USA Today earlier this month urging the Justice Department and FBI to investigate whether some of the pay - per - view movies widely available in hotels violate federal and state obscenity laws , ” Cary writes .
The advertisment featured a remote control above two outstretched , handcuffed hands .
“ If what begins with a click can end as a registered sex offense , it ’s time we rethink hardcore porn , ” the ad said ( PDF link ) .
“ DOJ and FBI should immediately investigate whether ‘ adult ’ videos being sold in hotels by OnCommand and LodgeNet violate long - established Federal and State laws regarding distribution of obscene material , ” the ad continues .
“ Adult hardcore pornography can tragically lead to sex crimes against women and children , ” the ad explains .
“ Yet sex videos are available in millions of U.S. hotel rooms which we strongly believe are prosecutable . ”
I ’ve never seen a study that says there is a demonstrable link between viewing sexually explicit material and committing sex crimes , but studies that demonstrate anything contrary to conservative beliefs are like trying to convince them that there is no link between Iraq and 9 - 11 .
The war on hotel porn brings up yet another situation where conservatives demostrate a talent for slight of hand as in look over here , do n’t look over there GOP Corporate Donors Cash In on Smut
In the Utah County trial , Spencer asked the jury why a lone , small business vendor like Peterman should be held to a higher standard than the likes of W. Mitt Romney .
At the time Romney was on the board of Marriott International , which was making huge margins on piping porn into hotel rooms .
Currently , Romney is the Republican governor of Massachusetts and his travels around the country have helped fuel speculation that he might run for president in 2008 .
Perhaps the most extensive mainstream media treatment on this subject ran four years ago in The New York Times .
In a 4,000 - word investigative opus , writer Timothy Egan connected the dots between porn and big corporate profits : “ The General Motors Corporation , the world ’s largest company , now sells more graphic sex films every year than does Larry Flynt , owner of the Hustler empire .
The 8.7 million Americans who subscribe to DirecTV , a General Motors subsidiary , buy nearly $ 200 million a year in pay - per - view sex films from satellite , according to estimates provided by distributors of the films , estimates the company did not dispute .
“ EchoStar Communications Corporation , the No. 2 satellite provider , whose chief financial backers include Mr. Murdoch , makes more money selling graphic adult films through its satellite subsidiary than Playboy , the oldest and best - known company in the sex business , does with its magazine , cable and Internet businesses combined , according to public and private revenue accounts by the companies .
“ AT&T Corporation , the nation ’s biggest communications company , offers a hard - core sex channel called the Hot Network to subscribers to its broadband cable service .
It also owns a company that sells sex videos to nearly a million hotel rooms .
Nearly one in five of AT&T ’s broadband cable customers pay an average of $ 10 a film to see what the distributor calls ‘ real , live all - American sex — not simulated by actors . ' ”
Egan ’s story is a bit dated — corporate sell - offs and restructuring have changed ownership of some of the companies on which he reported — but there ’s no evidence of a seismic shift in the adult entertainment industry during the intervening years .
For instance , Ruport Murdoch , the controlling owner of News Corp. — which owns both the conservative Fox News and the popular and frequently salacious Fox TV — continues to cash in .
On one hand , Fox News employs commentators who promote the connection between Republicans and family values while other divisions of the company profit from sexually explicit content .
snip
No one argues that the vast sums of money that flow into the Republican Party are based primarily on the self - interest of protecting the ability to profit from that sort of material .
But money made off of pornography is finding its way into the Republican Party via very wealthy donors .
The lodging and tourism industry — like most major industries , with a few exceptions such as entertainment and law — has given a majority of its money to the GOP since 1990 .
Other than a few exceptions such as Hyatt Corp , most of the large hotel chains give predominantly to Republicans .
Since 2000 , Murdoch and family members ( all executives or shareholders of the News Corp. , Rupert ’s parent company ) have contributed at least $ 100,000 of their personal money to the Republican Party , its candidates and right - leaning political action committees , according to the nonprofit Center for Responsive Politics .
( To be fair , the News Corp. has given only a little more than half of its $ 61,000 in corporate contributions to Republicans since 2000 . )
Executives and officials at EchoStar have given prodigiously as well , but the company has spread its money around between the parties , with a heavy focus on contributions to congressional regulators of its industry .
Since 1994 , General Motors Corp. has given all of its $ 53,850 in political contributions to the Republican Party .
This figure does not include the millions more spent by GM affiliates and subsidiaries since the early 1990s , including Hughes Electronics ( the former parent of DirecTV ) , which has given 61 percent of its $ 878,259 contributed since 1990 to the GOP and its candidates .
( See also : Automotive industry ’s top contributors to federal candidates and parties ) AT&T , which sold its broadband cable system to Comcast a couple years after the Egan story ran in The New York Times , has given 54 percent of its $ 19,672,908 to Republicans .
AT&T continues to own Liberty Media , which is the principle owner of On Command , a Denver - based company that is one of the two largest providers of pay - per - view movies to hotel chains .
One obvious point is that as a movement conservatives are the most ardent activists of the anti-porn parade while at the same time they also constitute its major distributors , finance it , and give most of their political contributions to conservatives .
What might not be quite so obvious is that the conservative businesses for porn and the conservatives that act as though they were against porn form a perfect circle .
Conservatives finance porn , distribute it , give most of the spoils to conservative pols that use it as a campaign issue .
A cultural issue that would not be as large as it is without conservatives money to propagate the very porn they say they ’re against .
If porn slinks back into the back allies of commerce and paper - bags then it no longer serves conservatives as a rallying point for their cultural outrage at the so - called decline of western values .
Except for a few old school feminists this is simply not a big issue for liberals ; not because liberals have a pro porn platform , but because they generally do n’t think it is government ’s place to be peeping Toms .
As a practical matter neither party can or will devote a substantial amount of law enforcement or judicial resources into a war on porn that would probably be more tragic and pointless as Prohibition .
Not to mention that if conservatives really want to be the squeaky clean rubber ducky party free of the taint of wide screen titillation they might want to start returning some of those contributions , beginning with Dubya himself , Will the “ Moral Values ” GOP Refund the Money ?
It would be a mistake to think of the conservative schizophrenia in regards to sexually explicit entertainment as some kind of conspiracy where the sheriff lets a few bad guys go free in order to make people feel threatened thus insuring his job security .
Adult entertainment is a colorful punching bag which they know cannot be banned ; a puritan posse bent on rounding up of all porn creators , distributors , and consumers would require a prison the size of Utah .
The two faces of cultural conservatism is likely more in the nature of what we could call the conservative ’s Denial Problem .
All things conservative , to the Joe and Jane Sixpacks of conservatism are bright , shiny and pure , in their mind it is not possible that anyone that belongs to the same elite club is capable of being part of the cultural demons that cause them so many sleepless nights as they have visions of Sodom and Gomorrah .
Its all the fault of the heretics … excuse me , liberals .
If they could just have a great national cleansing , a purge of the heretics that embody all things non-conservative they ’d have the return of the garden of Eden pre-apple consumption .
I tend to leave most things strategic and Democratic to the great thinkers of that sort of thing to bloggers like MyDD , Donkey Rising , DKos , Tapped and others that write about those issues so well , but I like to think that I ’m gracious enough to take advice even from the enemy , Liberal politics will prove fruitless as long as liberals refuse to multiply
The trouble is , while most “ get out the vote ” campaigns targeting young people are proxies for the Democratic Party , these efforts have n’t apparently done much to win elections for the Democrats .
The explanation we often hear from the left is that the new young Democrats are more than counterbalanced by voters scared up by the Republicans on “ cultural issues ” like abortion , gun rights and gay marriage .
But the data on young Americans tell a different story .
Simply put , liberals have a big baby problem :
They ’re not having enough of them , they have n’t for a long time , and their pool of potential new voters is suffering as a result .
According to the 2004 General Social Survey , if you picked 100 unrelated politically liberal adults at random , you would find that they had , between them , 147 children .
If you picked 100 conservatives , you would find 208 kids .
That ’s a “ fertility gap ” of 41 % .
Given that about 80 % of people with an identifiable party preference grow up to vote the same way as their parents , this gap translates into lots more little Republicans than little Democrats to vote in future elections .
Over the past 30 years this gap has not been below 20 % –explaining , to a large extent , the current ineffectiveness of liberal youth voter campaigns today .
Let ’s put aside for the moment the bizarre fact that a prominent conservative web site is giving advice to liberals on how to go forth and multiply in order to win elections .
Arthur C. Brooks like all paid up members of the ruling class are both deeply obsessed with Democratic sex and damn sure of conservative moral supremacy .
He ’s sure that all children of conservatives will just naturally grow up to be right - wingers and conversely , that if liberals were creating more offspring ( I have n’t checked his stats , but will give him the BOTD for now ) that would automatically grow up liberals .
Brooks has approached this imagined problem like conservatives approach much of the world , as a business dilemma .
Liberal women are in his mind reduced to incubators , that much like an old dye tool collecting dust in the corner it is not being used effectively .
We need to dust off , oil , and crank up those wasted ovaries and get out the vote .
Maybe Brooks should have titled his article , Liberals Better Get Fucking .
No snark intended I have a difficult time keeping up with all dark strange back allies into which the conservative mind ventures .
As Brooks did his research and thought out his little piece it never occurred to him that post Eisenhower conservatism is an intellectually bankrupt and morally repulsive political philosophy and that liberals might eventually gain an electoral advantage because we ’re just plain right most of the time .
Does Brooks remember that Al Gore won the popular vote in 2000 and that Bush won in 2004 by just 2.9 percentage points ( 51 % to Kerry ’s 48.1 % ) which is the smallest margin of victory for a reelected president since 1828 .
Democrats would win the presidency and the Senate easily except for one thing , modern right - wing Republicans are the most prolific and audacious liars in the last hundred years of American politics .
If they were hooked up to a truth machine and forced to tell the truth about every issue , every vote , every campaign dollar , about their foreign policy escapades , they ’d be lucky to get elected to the national kool - aid testing board .
Which would leave them plenty of spare time to get their freak on and make some more voters .
one time a thing occured to me
what ’s real , and what ’s for sale ?
blew a kiss and tried to take it home
lyrics from Vaseline by Stone Temple Pilots
Tim Berners - Lee
Date : 1998 , last change : $ Date : 2013-03-04 22:56:21 $
Status : personal view only .
Editing status : first draft .
Up to Design Issues
Principles of Design
Again and again we fall back on the folklore of the principles of good design .
Sometimes I need a URI for them so this is started as collection of them .
I have written about some in many places .
Principles such as simplicity and modularity are the stuff of software engineering ; decentralization and tolerance are the life and breath of Internet .
Brian Carpenter has enumerated some principles of design of the Net [ carpenter ] .
The third pair of ideas I have found commonly useful for the Web .
I mentioned them in a keynote at WWW7 and the note on Evolvability .
This is largely " motherhood and apple pie " but it still needs a home .
" Keep it simple , stupid ! "
Simplicity is easily to quote but often ignored in strange ways .
Perhaps this is because it is the eye of the beholder .
A language which uses fewer basic elements to achieve the same power is simpler .
Sometimes simplicity is confused with ' easy to understand " .
For example , a two - line solution which uses recursion is a pretty simple , even though some people might find it easier to work though a 10 - line solution which avoids recursion .
In XML , " Processing Instructions " , those things which start with " <? " are not simple .
They look simple , just an extra sort of thing in the language , but the complicate what was a very clean design of elements and attributes , and a complication in the underlying syntax is has great effect .
All specifications which refer to XML processing will have to figure out what to do about processing instructions as well as elements .
When you design a system , or a language , then if the features can be broken into relatively loosely bound groups of relatively closely bound features , then that division is a good thing to be made a part of the design .
This is just good engineering .
It means that when you want to change the system , you can with luck in the future change only one part , which will only require you to understand ( and test ) that part .
This will allow other people to independently change other parts at the same time .
This is just classic good software design and books have been written about it .
The corollary , the TOII is less frequently met .
Modular design hinges on the simplicity and abstract nature of the interface definition between the modules .
A design in which the insides of each module need to know all about each other is not a modular design but an arbitrary partitioning of the bits .
( More ... )
Its is not only necessary to make sure your own system is designed to be made of modular parts .
It is also necessary to realize that your own system , no matter how big and wonderful it seems now , should always be designed to be a part of another larger system .
This is often much more difficult than modularity .
Tolerance
" Be liberal in what you require but conservative in what you do "
This is the expression of a principle which applies pretty well in life , ( it is a typical UU tenet ) , and is commonly employed in design across the Internet .
Write HTML 4.0 - strict .
Accept HTML - 4.0 - Transitional ( a superset of strict ) .
This principle can be contentious .
When browsers are lax about what they expect , the system works better but also it encourages laxness on the part of web page writers .
The principle of tolerance does not blunt the need for a perfectly clear protocol specification which draws a precise distinction between a conformance and non-conformance .
The principle of tolerance is no excuse for a product which contravenes a standard .
Decentralization
This is a principle of the design of distributed systems , including societies .
It points out that any single common point which is involved in any operation trends to limit the way the system scales , and produce a single point of complete failure .
Centralization in social systems can apply to concepts , too .
For example , if we make a knowledge representation system which requires anyone who uses the concept of " automobile " to use the term " http://www.kr.org/stds/industry/automobile " then we restrict the set of uses of the system to those for whom this particular formulation of what an automobile is works .
The Semantic Web must avoid such conceptual bottlenecks just as the Internet avoids such network bottlenecks .
If someone else had already invented your system , would theirs work with yours ?
Does this system have to be the only one of its kind ?
This simple thought test is described in more detail in " Evolution " in these Design Issues .
It is connectted to modularity inside - out : designing a system not to be modular in itself , but to be a part of an as - yet unspecified larger system .
A critical property here is that the system tries to do one thing well , and leaves other things to other modules .
It also has to avoid conceptual or other centralization , as no two modules can claim the need to be the unique center of a larger system .
In choosing computer languages , there are classes of program which range from the plainly descriptive ( such as Dublin Core metadata , or the content of most databases , or HTML ) though logical languages of limited power ( such as access control lists , or conneg content negotiation ) which include limited propositional logic , though declarative languages which verge on the Turing Complete ( Postscript is , but PDF is n't , I am told ) through those which are in fact Turing Complete though one is led not to use them that way ( XSLT , SQL ) to those which are unashamedly procedural ( Java , C ) .
The choice of language is a common design choice .
The low power end of the scale is typically simpler to design , implement and use , but the high power end of the scale has all the attraction of being an open - ended hook into which anything can be placed : a door to uses bounded only by the imagination of the programmer .
Computer Science in the 1960s to 80s spent a lot of effort making languages which were as powerful as possible .
Nowadays we have to appreciate the reasons for picking not the most powerful solution but the least powerful .
The reason for this is that the less powerful the language , the more you can do with the data stored in that language .
If you write it in a simple declarative from , anyone can write a program to analyze it in many ways .
The Semantic Web is an attempt , largely , to map large quantities of existing data onto a common language so that the data can be analyzed in ways never dreamed of by its creators .
If , for example , a web page with weather data has RDF describing that data , a user can retrieve it as a table , perhaps average it , plot it , deduce things from it in combination with other information .
At the other end of the scale is the weather information portrayed by the cunning Java applet .
While this might allow a very cool user interface , it can not be analyzed at all .
The search engine finding the page will have no idea of what the data is or what it is about .
This the only way to find out what a Java applet means is to set it running in front of a person .
I hope that is a good enough explanation of this principle .
There are millions of examples of the choice .
I chose HTML not to be a programming language because I wanted different programs to do different things with it : present it differently , extract tables of contents , index it , and so on .
B. Carpenter , Editor : " Architectural Principles of the Internet " Internet Architecture Board , June 1996 , RFC1958
Follow up
In her talk The Science of Insecurity , Meredith Patterson makes the point that the principle of least power is important for security of interfaces which may be exposed to attack .
Up to Design Issues
Tim BL
The easy way to add controls to the VS2005 Toolbox Wednesday , April 12 , 2006
Did you know that there is a way to add controls to the Toolbox in Visual Studio 2005 than selececting " Add Items " ?
Just open Windows Explorer and browse to the assembly containing the controls you want .
Select the assembly , and drag it onto the Toolbox , in the tab you want the controls to be in .
Visual Studio 2005 will then add any class that has a " ToolboxItem " attribute on it to the Toolbox .
Beats having to click a bunch of checkboxes , huh ?
While working for the U.S. Forest Service during high school , Ted Nace learned about the plans of several major corporations to develop coal strip mines and other energy projects near his hometown of Dickinson , North Dakota .
During graduate school , Nace worked for the Environmental Defense Fund , where he helped develop computerized simulations that demonstrated the investor and ratepayer benefits of replacing coal - fired power plants with alternative energy programs .
The EDF simulations led to the cancellation of a multi-billion - dollar coal - based power complex proposed by two California utilities .
After completing his graduate studies , Nace worked for the Dakota Resource Council , a citizens  group concerned about the impacts of energy development on agriculture and rural communities .
Nace moved to California , where he wrote and edited for PC World , Macworld , and other computer magazines and book publishers .
Hoping to create a more supportive environment for authors like himself , he founded Peachpit Press .
Under Naces leadership , Peachpit developed a number of innovative book series , including Little Books , Visual QuickStart Guides , and Real World Guides .
The company won renown for its harmonious and creative arrangements with authors , and it produced dozens of best - sellers .
Peachpit outpaced older and larger publishing companies to become the worlds leading source of books on computer graphics and desktop publishing .
After eleven years as publisher , Nace sold Peachpit Press to British conglomerate Pearson Plc , and he returned to freelance writing .
In seeking to understand the institutional structure of power in America , he investigated the historical roots of the corporation , as well as reflecting on his own experiences as a community organizer and a publishing entrepreneur .
Gangs of America is the result of that research and reflection .
University of Utah physicist Christoph Boehme works with equipment that he uses to show it it feasible for a superfast qunatum computer of the future to read data that is stored in the form of magnetic " spins " of phosphorus atoms .
Photo by John Lupton , UU
A University of Utah physicist took a step toward developing a superfast computer based on the weird reality of quantum physics by showing it is feasible to read data stored in the form of the magnetic " spins " of phosphorus atoms .
" Our work represents a breakthrough in the search for a nanoscopic [ atomic scale ] mechanism that could be used for a data readout device , " says Christoph Boehme , assistant professor of physics at the University of Utah .
" We have demonstrated experimentally that the nuclear spin orientation of phosphorus atoms embedded in silicon can be measured by very subtle electric currents passing through the phosphorus
atoms . "
The study by Boehme and colleagues in Germany will be published in the December issue of the journal Nature Physics and released online Sunday , Nov. 19 .
" We have resolved a major obstacle for building a particular kind of quantum computer , the phosphorus - and - silicon quantum computer , " says Boehme .
" For this concept , data readout is the biggest issue , and we have shown a new way to read data . "
Boehme , who joined the University of Utah faculty earlier this year , conducted the study with Klaus Lips - a former colleague at the Hahn - Meitner Institute in Berlin - and with graduate students Andre Stegner and Hans Huebl and physicists Martin Stutzmann and Martin S. Brandt of the Technical University of Munich .
A Bit about Quantum Computing
In modern digital computers , information is transmitted by flowing electricity in the form of electrons , which are negatively charged subatomic particles .
Transistors in computers are electrical switches that store data as " bits , " in which " off " ( no electrical
charge ) and " on " ( charge is present ) represent one bit of information : either 0 or 1 .
For example , with three bits , there are eight possible combinations of 1 or 0 : 1 - 1- 1 , 0 - 1 - 1 , 1-0-1 , 1-1-0 , 0-0 - 0 , 1-0 - 0 , 0 - 1 - 0 and 0 - 0 - 1 .
But three bits in a digital computer can store only one of those eight combinations at a time .
Quantum computers , which have not been built yet , would be based on the strange principles of quantum mechanics , in which the smallest particles of light and matter can be in different places at the same time .
In a quantum computer , one " qubit " - quantum bit - could be both 0 and 1 at the same time .
So with three qubits of data , a quantum computer could store all eight combinations of 0 and 1 simultaneously .
That means a three - qubit quantum computer could calculate eight times faster than a three - bit digital computer .
Typical personal computers today calculate 64 bits of data at a time .
A quantum computer with 64 qubits would be 2 to the 64th power faster , or about 18 billion billion times faster .
( Note : billion billion is correct . )
Researchers are exploring many approaches to storing and processing information in nanoscopic form - on the scale of molecules and atoms , or one billionth of a meter in size - for quantum computing .
They include optical quantum computers that would hold data in the form of on - off switches made of light , ions ( electrically charged atoms ) , the
size or energy state of an electron 's orbit around an atom , so - called " quantum dots " of material and the " spins " or magnetic orientation of the centers or nuclei of atoms .
A New Spin on Quantum Computers
Boehme's new study deals with an approach to a quantum computer proposed in 1998 by Australian physicist Bruce Kane in a Nature paper titled " A silicon - based nuclear spin quantum computer . "
In such a computer , silicon - the semiconductor used in digital computer chips - would be " doped " with atoms of phosphorus , and data would be encoded in the " spins " of those atoms ' nuclei .
Externally applied electric fields
would be used to read and process the data stored as " spins . "
Spin is difficult to explain .
A simplified way to describe spin is to imagine that each particle - like an electron or proton in an atom - contains a tiny bar magnet , like a compass needle , that points either up or down to represent the particle 's spin .
Down and up can represent 0 and 1 in a spin - based quantum computer , in which one qubit could have a value of 0 and 1 simultaneously .
In the new study , Boehme and colleagues used silicon doped with phosphorus atoms .
By applying an external electrical current , they were able to " read " the net spin of 10,000 of the electrons and nuclei of phosphorus atoms near the surface of the silicon .
A real quantum computer would need to read the spins of single particles , not thousands of them .
But previous efforts , which used a technique called magnetic resonance , were able to read only the net spins of the electrons of 10 billion phosphorus atoms combined , so the new study represents a million - fold improvement and shows it is feasible to read single spins - something that would take another
10,000 - fold improvement , Boehme says .
But the point of the study , he adds , is that it demonstrates it is possible to use electrical methods to detect or " read " data stored as not only electron spins but as the more stable spins of atomic nuclei .
" We discovered a mechanism that will allow us to measure the spins of the nuclei of individual phosphorus atoms in a piece of silicon when the phosphorus is close [ within about 50 atoms ] to the surface , " Boehme says .
With improved design , it should be possible to build a much smaller device that " lets us read a single phosphorus nucleus . "
Details of the Experiment
The researchers used a piece of silicon crystal about 300 microns thick - about three times the width of a human hair - less than 3 inches long and about one - tenth of an inch wide .
The silicon crystal was doped with phosphorus atoms .
Phosphorus atoms were embedded in silicon because too many phosphorus atoms too close together would
interact with each other so much that they could n't store information .
The concept is that the nuclear spin from one atom of phosphorus would store one qubit of information .
The scientists used lithography to print two gold electrical contacts onto the doped silicon .
Then they placed an extremely thin layer of silicon dioxide - about two billionths of a meter thick - onto the silicon between the gold contacts .
As a result , the device 's surface had tiny spots where the spins of phosphorus atoms could be detected .
The scientists applied a tiny voltage to the gold contacts , creating an electrical current perhaps 10,000 times smaller than that produced by an AA - size battery , Boehme says .
When the current was measured during 100 millionths of a second , it stayed constant ,
indicating the spins of the phosphorus atoms in the silicon were random , with half pointing up and half pointing down .
Then the device was chilled with liquid helium to 452 degrees below zero Fahrenheit .
That made most of the phosphorus spins point down .
Next , the researchers applied a magnetic field and microwave radiation to the sample , which makes the phosphorus spins constantly flop up and down in concert for a few billionths of a second .
As a result , the electrical current fluctuated up and down .
" That is basically a readout of phosphorus electron spins , " which , in turn , also can be used to determine the spins of the phosphorus atoms ' nuclei based on a previously known relationship between electron spins and nuclear spins , Boehme says .
While Boehme is excited by this advance , numerous obstacles remain before quantum computing becomes a reality .
" If you want to compare the development of quantum computers with classical computers , we probably would be just before the discovery of the abacus , " he says .
" We are very early in development . "
Source : University of Utah
Explore further
The return of the spin echo
Arhiv : Select Month May 2015 ( 20 ) April 2015 ( 15 ) March 2015 ( 25 ) February 2015 ( 20 ) January 2015 ( 10 ) December 2014 ( 20 ) November 2014 ( 20 ) October 2014 ( 20 ) September 2014 ( 24 ) April 2014 ( 15 ) March 2014 ( 25 ) February 2014 ( 20 ) January 2014 ( 10 ) December 2013 ( 10 ) November 2013 ( 20 ) October 2013 ( 20 ) September 2013 ( 25 ) May 2013 ( 15 ) April 2013 ( 15 ) March 2013 ( 20 ) February 2013 ( 20 ) January 2013 ( 15 ) December 2012 ( 10 ) November 2012 ( 20 ) October 2012 ( 25 ) September 2012 ( 20 ) July 2012 ( 5 ) June 2012 ( 15 ) May 2012 ( 22 ) April 2012 ( 21 ) March 2012 ( 20 ) February 2012 ( 20 ) January 2012 ( 15 ) December 2011 ( 15 ) November 2011 ( 20 ) October 2011 ( 21 ) September 2011 ( 20 ) June 2011 ( 15 ) May 2011 ( 20 ) April 2011 ( 15 ) March 2011 ( 23 ) February 2011 ( 21 ) January 2011 ( 17 ) December 2010 ( 15 ) November 2010 ( 20 ) October 2010 ( 20 ) September 2010 ( 22 ) June 2010 ( 21 ) May 2010 ( 26 ) April 2010 ( 17 ) March 2010 ( 28 ) February 2010 ( 23 ) January 2010 ( 10 ) December 2009 ( 19 ) November 2009 ( 29 ) October 2009 ( 23 ) September 2009 ( 35 ) August 2009 ( 1 ) June 2009 ( 29 ) May 2009 ( 27 ) April 2009 ( 27 ) March 2009 ( 32 ) February 2009 ( 27 ) January 2009 ( 19 ) December 2008 ( 23 ) November 2008 ( 26 ) October 2008 ( 22 ) September 2008 ( 9 ) August 2008 ( 28 ) July 2008 ( 23 ) June 2008 ( 25 ) May 2008 ( 22 ) April 2008 ( 21 ) March 2008 ( 20 ) February 2008 ( 23 ) January 2008 ( 17 ) December 2007 ( 20 ) November 2007 ( 22 ) October 2007 ( 31 ) September 2007 ( 31 ) August 2007 ( 1 ) July 2007 ( 26 ) June 2007 ( 24 ) May 2007 ( 24 ) April 2007 ( 28 ) March 2007 ( 24 ) February 2007 ( 21 ) January 2007 ( 37 ) December 2006 ( 5 ) November 2006 ( 11 ) October 2006 ( 8 ) September 2006 ( 13 ) August 2006 ( 9 ) July 2006 ( 5 ) June 2006 ( 8 ) May 2006 ( 16 ) April 2006 ( 6 ) March 2006 ( 9 ) February 2006 ( 14 ) January 2006 ( 14 ) December 2005 ( 5 )
So who exactly is this guy Sam Fox ?
Oh wait -- let 's have President Bush introduce him :
March 18 , 2002
Thank you very much .
Be seated , please .
Gosh , thanks for such a warm welcome .
It 's always good to have a good introducer .
[ Laughter ]
Bucky is my favorite uncle when I 'm in St. Louis .
[ Laughter ]
He 's my favorite uncle all the time ; he 's a fabulous man .
Thanks , Buck .
And I like to call Sam Fox , " Foxy . "
Foxy , I did n't realize you were so eloquent .
[ Laughter ]
But I thank you for the leadership , and I want to thank you all for coming tonight .
Heh , heh , heh , heh , heh
That 's right , people .
This crony 's got a nickname just like Brownie and it's FFOOXXXYYY !!!!!!
And it 's pretty damned obvious that Foxy has no problems smearing Vietnam vets :
The Swift Boat Veterans , riding on the success of their anti-Kerry ads , have raised $ 6.7 million .
Pickens , the Texas oilman , recently gave the group $ 500,000 .
But the fastest - growing Republican 527 is Progress for America .
Quietly set up last year by Synhorst , Progress has been hitting up donors for big checks .
Synhorst has credibility with the Bush crowd .
His phone - bank business is a major contractor with the Bush - Cheney campaign , and he is friendly with Karl Rove .
" I know these guys well , " Rove says in an endorsement on the Web site of Synhorst 's firm .
" They work as hard to win your races as you do . "
Plenty of Bush backers apparently agree .
So far , the group has raised $ 26 million , including $ 6 million last week alone .
The latest crop of donors includes Amway founders Richard DeVos and Jay Van Andel , who each chipped in $ 2 million .
DeVos was a Bush Pioneer in 2000 , raising at least $ 100,000 for the campaign .
Missouri financier Sam Fox , a Bush Ranger who has raised more than $ 200,000 for the re-election campaign , contributed $ 50,000 to the group .
An additional $ 500,000 came from Harlan Crow , a Dallas real - estate magnate and longtime GOP donor who was among those who provided the initial seed money to jump - start the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth .
Check out the date -- the fall of 2004 .
This scumbag not only donated to the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , he did so after their smears had largely been exposed as lies .
For a refresher course , you can go to this link for the debunking of the lies , as well as here , here , here , here , and here .
So is this guy Belgian or something , a master of languages , an expert in European affairs ?
Or maybe just a businessman from St. Louis with absolutely no experience in foreign affairs whatsoever ?
Bingo , Foxy baby !!
George Bush does n't appoint people because they 're qualified , now does he ?
He appoints them because they delivered the GOP donation goods .
Here 's the conversation I imagine happened in the fall of ' 04 :
Karl Rove : So , Foxy , care to cough up some dollars to spread the truth ( cough * lies * cough ) about a veteran who is standing in the way of our guy keeping his job ?
Foxy : Well . . .
Rove :
There 's an ambassadorship to Belgium in it for you . . .
Foxy :
Anything for you and W , of course .
Does $ 50 K sound good ?
Rove : Perfect !
Oh , and if we win can you throw us another $ 100 K for the inauguration just like you did the last time .
Foxy : Consider it done .
Well , I hate to rain on this crony parade , but there 's one little problem with becoming ambassador to Belgium .
You have to appear in front of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to be confirmed .
Ahem -- who 's on that committee ?
Why if it was n't the guy who Foxy funded the lies against -- John Kerry .
Gee , do you think he has a couple of probing questions for you , Mr. Foxy ??
I guess Karma can be a real bitch !
The hearing is going on right now , and you can watch it here .
One thing has happened already : Sen. Lieberman has just completely kissed up to Foxy .
WTF ??
I guess his journey to the Dark Side is now complete , now that he thinks it 's suitable to play kissy kissy with Swift Boat money men .
Kerry has started his interrogation .
God this guy is pathetic !
He knows NOTHING , and keeps saying he only knows what he reads in the newspaper .
Kerry asked if the guy believes in " the truth " , and the guy responds : " you are a hero " .
Now he 's saying he does n't remember giving to the SBVT ???
Watch with me and comment !
Update 1 : The archived video is up .
Go here .
The hearing starts 35 minutes in .
1:33 is where Senator Kerry starts his questions , and 1:51:48 is where he brings up the SBVT " Politics of Personal Destruction " .
Also some good remarks by Obama at the end .
Update 2 : Thanks to Samlang for pointing out that my first link did n't definitely show Foxy 's SBVT donation .
Matchpoint was kind enough to find a better link , which shows a $ 50 K donation on 10/29/04 ( very late in the game ) .
Read it here .
Update 3 : The AP now has it :
Michael O'Leary defended Ryanair 's green credentials
O'Leary interview
In a broad attack on airlines ' efforts to tackle carbon emissions , Ian Pearson said Ryanair was the " irresponsible face of capitalism " .
But Mr O'Leary said Mr Pearson was " silly " and " had n't a clue what he is talking about " .
Mr Pearson also said the attitude of US airlines to emissions was " a disgrace " .
In an interview with the Guardian , Mr Pearson said : " When it comes to climate change , Ryanair are not just the unacceptable face of capitalism , they are the irresponsible face of capitalism . "
He also attacked British Airways , saying it was " only just playing ball " on environmental regulations , and Lufthansa , the German airline .
Ian Pearson 's comments are absolutely incredible
Caroline Lucas , Green MEP
Q&A carbon trading scheme EU tackles airline CO2
Mr O'Leary defended his company and the industry as a whole .
'' We are the greenest airline in Europe but you know being savaged by a dead sheep - as we were by this minister this morning - is like water off a duck 's back . ''
" What he should be attacking is the power generation stations and the road transport who between them account for over 50 % of emissions . "
' Wrong target '
He said the " silly " minister and " eco-lunatics " were targeting the aviation industry when it accounted for 2 % of the problem .
The minister also attacked the attitude of US airlines
Even though his company was growing , the new planes it had invested £ 10bn in the last five years had cut its emissions and fuel consumption by 50 % , Mr O'Leary said .
He added : " He has n't a clue what he 's talking about and is attacking the wrong target in the airlines . "
But Green Party MEP Caroline Lucas said Mr Pearson should resign or scrap the government 's aviation expansion plans .
" Ian Pearson 's comments are absolutely incredible , " she said .
" If anyone other than a government minister had made them they would have been a useful contribution to our efforts to tackle climate change .
HAVE YOUR SAY Airlines have been and always will be a soft target
Jack Kilms , Turin , Italy
Send us your comments
" But for someone with collective responsibility for the government 's support of the biggest expansion of the aviation industry in a generation to do so is nothing less than a deceptive admission of failure . "
Chancellor Gordon Brown attempted to boost the government 's green credentials in his pre-Budget report by doubling air passenger duty from £ 5 to £ 10 on short haul flights .
Passengers on long haul flights could pay up to £ 80 extra .
But green campaigners said the increased levy would make little difference to emissions .
Friends of the Earth said if the government was serious about fighting climate change it should scrap airport expansion plans and tax breaks for the air industry .
EU scheme
Ryanair has opposed efforts by the EU to control aviation carbon emissions by including them in a trading scheme , saying it would discriminate against low - cost airlines .
Intriguingly Labour are not alone in taking on the low - cost airline
BBC political editor Nick Robinson
Read Nick 's thoughts in full
The EU 's scheme will see airlines pay for exceeding their current level of emissions .
Flights within Europe will come under the jurisdiction of the Emissions Trading Scheme by 2011 .
The scheme would be expanded from 2012 to include all international flights that arrive at or depart from an EU airport .
Airlines would be issued with pollution permits - those that cut emissions would be able to sell their surplus while an airline that increased its emissions would have to buy more permits .
The US has already questioned whether it would be legal within global trading rules to force airlines flying into the EU to take part in the scheme .
And there are reports that US airlines are considering legal action to overturn the EU 's efforts .
Easyjet support
In a statement , the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs said : " Urgent progress is needed to ensure that aviation addresses its climate change impacts . "
Toby Nicol , spokesman for Budget airline Easyjet , said the company " stands full - square with the government " on the proposal to include EU internal flights and international flights in the carbon trading scheme .
Liberal Democrat environment spokesman Chris Huhne said Mr Pearson 's focus should be directed at the chancellor to encourage him to make " the right framework to ensure that airlines are sustainable in the long run so the planet is there for our children and our grandchildren rather than whinging about the airlines . "
fivebells
01:50 pm - Psychology versus spiritual practice
I 've been listening to these talks , recently .
I think Ken McCleod is great .
I 've based my meditation on his book for the past several years , and it 's been very helpful .
In the second talk on that page , around 15 minutes in , he has this to say : Psychological conditioning : that corresponds to some measure with what I was talking about before , in terms of karma and our life energy being consumed by patterns , and the undoing of emotional material .
Frequently , when one is engaged in that work , particularly when you 're moving into the higher emotions , you 'll often come across very , very significant family - of - origin issues .
That 's understandable , and they have to be negotiated , but again , we have to distinguish between the aim of psychology and the aim of spiritual practice .
The aim of spiritual practice is not to work through anything .
That 's the side - effect .
The aim of spiritual practice is to experience whatever is arising .
So you 're accumulating a capacity in attention so that you can experience whatever 's there .
And I know in my own work that there are certain areas which I can't experience yet .
I go there and it's ... difficult .
And it 's very , very different to approach this with the idea that " I 'm going to work through this , " which is code for " I 'm going to get rid of it " compared to " Oh , I 'm just going to experience this . "
When you 're able to experience it , then something lets go .
But if you take it as the objective , then as Suzuki Roshi says , you 're caught in " gaining ideas . "
You want to gain something from your practice .
And in the end , spiritual practice is n't about gaining anything .
Again quoting Uchiyama , " Gain is illusion , loss is enlightenment . "
That 's a really good phrase to remember .
( This is not verbatim .
He 's speaking off - the - cuff , so I 've edited out some false starts and minor asides . )
From : turil Date : October 29th , 2006 09:55 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Most psychology these days is focused on Cognitive Behavior Therapy ( CBT ) and it leaves the old Fruedian psychoanalysis of past memories in the dust .
CBT leads the client to looking at the current state of things and working to be more aware of what is really happening and how they can make the most of it .
There 's also some intersting work being done with Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing ( EMDR ) in the field of psychology .
EMDR is a process where people with traumatic memories are given an unusual body / mind exercise that helps the brain bring a partially repressed / painful memory up to the surface of consciousness where it is redirected ( quite literally , using eye movement ) into a more stable part of the brain where it can be processed and stored in a healthy way .
It sounds to me a heck of a lot like some forms of meditation .
I wonder if anyone has studied eye movement during mediation ...
Reply ) ( Thread From : nearfar Date : October 30th , 2006 03:35 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
The aim of spiritual practice is to experience whatever is arising .
Well said sir !
Reply ) ( Thread From : koanbred Date : October 30th , 2006 02:38 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Great post !
Reply ) ( Thread
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Ahmadinejad : We are Not a Threat to Any Country , Including Israel
Believe it , do n’t believe it , that ’s up to you .
But at least we should know what exactly he said , which is not something our US newspapers will tell us about Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s speech on Saturday :
Kayhan reports that [ Pers . ]
Ahmadinejad said , “ Iran is not a threat to any country , and is not in any way a people of intimidation and aggression . ”
He described Iranians as people of peace and civilization .
He said that Iran does not even pose a threat to Israel , and wants to deal with the problem there peacefully , through elections :
“ Weapons research is in no way part of Iran ’s program .
Even with regard to the Zionist regime , our path to a solution is elections . ”
Ahmadinejad seems to be explaining what his calls for the Zionist regime to be effaced actually mean .
He says he does n’t want violence against Israel , despite its own acts of enmity against Middle Eastern neighbors .
I interpret his statement on Saturday to be an endorsement of the one - state solution , in which a government would be elected that all Palestinians and all Israelis would jointly vote for .
The result would be a government about half made up of Israeli ministers and half of Palestinian ones .
Whatever one wanted to call such an arrangement , it would n’t exactly be a “ Zionist state , ” which would thus have been dissolved .
The schlock Western pundits , journalists and politicians who keep maintaining that Ahmadinejad threatened “ to wipe Israel off the map ” when he never said those words will never , ever manage to choke out the words Ahmadinejad spoke on Saturday , much less repeat them as a tag line forever after .
Supreme Jurisprudent Khamenei ’s pledge of no first strike against any country by Iran with any kind of weapon , and his condemnation of nuclear bombs as un-Islamic and impossible for Iran to possess or use , was completely ignored by the Western press and is never referred to .
Indeed , after all that talk of peace and no first strike and no nukes , Khamenei at the very end said that if Iran were attacked , it would defend itself .
Karl Vicks of the Washington Post at the time ignored all the rest of the speech and made the headline , ‘ Khamenei threatens reprisals against US . ”
In other words , on Iran , the US public is being spoonfed agitprop , not news .
Although Iran ’s protestations of peaceful intentions are greeted cynically in the US and Israel , in fact Iran has not launched a war of aggression in over a century .
The US and Israel have launched several during that period of time .
Ahmadinejad made the remarks in a speech inaugurating work on a heavy water nuclear reactor in Arak .
I do n’t think that work is very advanced .
The Iranians maintain that it is for peaceful energy generation .
Much of the electricity produced in France , South Korea and Japan is generated by nuclear plants .
MIT 's Technology Review recently interviewed Bjarne Stroustrup in a two - part article ( part one , part two ) .
You may know Bjarne as the inventor of the C++ programming language .
Indeed , he even maintains a comprehensive C++ FAQ that answers every imaginable C++ question .
Here are a few select quotes from the interview that I found notable :
C++ has indeed become too " expert friendly " at a time where the degree of effective formal education of the average software developer has declined .
However , the solution is not to dumb down the programming languages but to use a variety of programming languages and educate more experts .
There has to be languages for those experts to use -- and C++ is one of those languages .
What I did do was to design C++ as first of all a systems programming language : I wanted to be able to write device drivers , embedded systems , and other code that needed to use hardware directly .
Next , I wanted C++ to be a good language for designing tools .
That required flexibility and performance , but also the ability to express elegant interfaces .
My view was that to do higher - level stuff , to build complete applications , you first needed to buy , build , or borrow libraries providing appropriate abstractions .
Often , when people have trouble with C++ , the real problem is that they do n't have appropriate libraries -- or that they can't find the libraries that are available .
Other languages have tried to more directly support high - level applications .
That works , but often that support comes at the cost of specialization .
Personally , I would n't design a tool that could do only what I wanted -- I aim for generality .
I think [ making computer languages easier for average people ] would be misguided .
The idea of programming as a semiskilled task , practiced by people with a few months ' training , is dangerous .
We would n't tolerate plumbers or accountants that poorly educated .
We do n't have as an aim that architecture ( of buildings ) and engineering ( of bridges and trains ) should become more accessible to people with progressively less training .
Indeed , one serious problem is that currently , too many software developers are undereducated and undertrained .
In the FAQ and the interview , Bjarne comes off as a little defensive about C++ and its role in the history of computer languages .
Maybe that 's because the importance of C++ has diminished over time , principally for two reasons :
C++ is fast but unforgiving .
It was an appropriate solution for an era of limited computing resources .
But we 've long since left that behind ; we live in an era of abundance .
We have more computer power than we possibly know what to do with on the desktop .
Even the naive solutions for most computing problems are " fast enough " these days .
Computers get faster every day , but programmers ' brains , sadly , do not .
It 'd be a waste not to trade some of that abundant raw power to make things easier on us .
It 's time to evolve up the one trillion dollar programming pyramid .
C++ is designed for any possible programming task , from the lowest level to the highest .
It makes sense to use C++ to write operating system kernels and device drivers .
But when was the last time you used C++ to write a line of business app or website ?
C++ is perhaps the ultimate generalist language .
Because it can do all these things , it 's complicated and dangerous .
Other languages do n't try to span the entire range of low - level to high - level programming tasks ; they simplify to attack a specific high - level problem domain .
C++ is a key historic milestone in the evolution of computer languages .
There will always be a place in a programmer 's toolbox for C++ , but I 'd argue that it's an increasingly a niche language for a very specific subset of programming tasks .
The most important question to ask about any language these days is n't how fast it is , or how general it is , but how well does it protect you from yourself ?
Stroustrup has a great quote that says it all :
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot ; C++ makes it harder , but when you do it blows your whole leg off .
AT THE confluence of the White Nile and the Blue Nile in Khartoum lies Africa 's largest commercial construction site .
Across 1,500 acres , at a place called Alsunut , Sudanese and Chinese workmen are working in shifts around the clock to build a new Dubai : a vast complex of gleaming offices , duplexes and golf courses that will turn Khartoum , it is hoped , into the commercial and financial hub of Islamist east Africa .
The first tower of this $ 4 billion development , due to be finished by next October , will be the headquarters of the Greater Nile Petroleum Operating Company .
Close behind , in a building shaped like a sail , will rise the headquarters of Petrodar .
Both these companies — Chinese , Malaysian , Indian and Sudanese joint ventures — are pumping out Sudan 's oil , most of which is being bought by China .
A Sudanese company , DAL Group , is investing about $ 700 m in the infrastructure for the project , but the buildings themselves are being put up by their new owners , a Who 's Who of the oil - producing Arab world and oil - consuming Asia .
All the Gulf states are buying plots .
Khartoum is not only awash in its own oil money , but is also mopping up some of the surplus petrodollars of the Middle East .
The Kuwaitis , the Malaysians and the Chinese are well represented .
A Pakistani group is adding a snazzy 350 - room hotel .
And that is just on one side of the White Nile .
Opposite Alsunut , on the Omdurman side , Saudi and Kuwaiti investors have bought a large plot of land on which they intend to build a huge financial centre .
And all this is taking shape in a country which is still subject to comprehensive economic sanctions , imposed by America , for giving shelter and support to terrorists — including , at one time , Osama bin Laden .
Sudan is now one of the fastest - growing economies in Africa .
The IMF expects its GDP to grow by 13 % this year , and the investors in Alsunut seem confident the boom will go on .
Having found itself isolated in the 1990s for its Islamist extremism and terrorism , Sudan has found a way back into international esteem without the West , by re-inventing itself as the new entrepôt state of east Africa .
But this , of course , is not the whole story .
Behind the fast - rising glittering towers lies a region that has been ignored : Sudan 's south , where 80 % of the oil lies .
After 1956 , when the country gained independence , the south , which is Christian and animist , was in an almost permanent state of rebellion against the Muslim Arab north , demanding a bigger share of the national wealth and a greater degree of self - rule .
This region , which holds the key to the development of Sudan , also holds the key to its peace in future ; not only in the south , but also in the war - ravaged western region of Darfur .
Taking grenades to school
Under intense American pressure , a comprehensive peace agreement ( CPA ) was signed between the north and the south in 2005 .
Under the CPA the political arm of the main rebel group , the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) , is now part of the national government in Khartoum ; Salva Kiir , the SPLM leader , is both vice - president of Sudan and president of the official new government of South Sudan .
This is an interim arrangement ; in 2011 , southerners are meant to decide whether they want to stay as part of Sudan , or found their own independent state .
Southern Sudan remains a tense , chaotic place in which memories of fighting have not faded .
In Juba , the capital of the putative state of South Sudan , Mr Venisto ( he will give no first name ) , wonders what to do about boys who bring hand grenades to his primary school .
His “ boys ” range in age from six to 25 ; some bring guns , others turn up drunk .
They have known little else in their lives but bush warfare .
Like everyone in Juba , Mr Venisto has to survive on his wits rather than money , trying to instruct more than 2,980 pupils with just 51 teachers , all of them new to the job .
With as many as 150 in each class , the tents that serve as classrooms are ripped and shredded as the pupils tumble out of them .
Mr Venisto insists on a full morning of classes , as breaks quickly degenerate into all - out fighting .
The new government of South Sudan , composed of former commanders of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , is trying to enrol 750,000 new pupils this year , out of a population of 12 m .
If they succeed , still only about 30 % of school - age children will be at school .
But it is progress of sorts , and at least the south is in a state of relative peace .
At the moment , the best guess is that a huge majority of southerners will vote for their own state when they get the chance .
Their own state would mean their own oil industry .
Riek Machar , South Sudan 's vice - president , eagerly outlines a plan for a refinery just east of Juba and pipelines through Congo to the Atlantic and Kenya to the Indian Ocean .
The construction companies , he says , have already been chosen for the pipelines and the finance is nearly in place ; the fact that the Kenya pipeline is supposed to reach the sea at Lamu , a World Heritage site , does not worry him .
( “ They 're just tourists . ” )
Mr Machar 's plans , combined with the election schedule , mean that the northern government may have only five years to extract as much oil from the south as it can before it loses control .
And this deadline puts the peace in jeopardy .
The aggressive search for , and extraction of , oil by north - sponsored companies is not only messing up the environment but also inflaming tensions with the southern government .
And it is provoking a dangerous backlash .
Cows , oil and poisoning
The dangers can be seen all too clearly in remote villages like Longuchuk , near the oil - rich Sudd marshes of Upper Nile state .
Two years ago , Chinese oil workers arrived there .
They were escorted by armed men in T - shirts , whom locals later identified as Sudanese soldiers .
They stayed for six months , sank four wells and cleared access roads , all without talking to the villagers or asking their permission .
A pool of slimy water beside one of the capped wells shows where the surplus oil was dumped .
A hundred cows , the villagers say , died from drinking that water .
When the oilmen came back last April , the local people — furious that they had got neither jobs from the project , nor compensation for their losses — refused to let them in .
Diane de Guzman , a specialist on oil in Sudan for the United Nations , argues that the rape of Longuchuk is part of a pattern across the oil zones of the south .
Villagers are displaced by militias to allow exploration , the land is despoiled , cattle die within hours of drinking contaminated water .
Under the terms of the CPA , the southern government is meant to be consulted about these oil missions ; but it is not , and almost no compensation has been paid .
The southern government has just begun to fight back ; it recently impounded two oil - company helicopters that were carrying out unauthorised seismic tests .
Individual villages and militias have also begun to mount their own attacks on oil workers and installations .
The past few weeks alone have brought reports of seven oil workers killed around the village of Paloich and an attack , by a group from another village , on a convoy of 21 oil tankers .
More worrying for the northern government is the news that rebel groups from elsewhere are joining in .
On November 27th , for the first time , one such band ventured out of terrorised Darfur to attack a refinery at Abu Jabra in North Kordofan state .
This is not yet an insurgency against oil companies of the type that has been seen in Nigeria , but the first signs are there .
The northern grip
Oil is at the heart of other critical disagreements between the north and the south .
The CPA requires the proper delineation of the north - south border ; but the north has rejected the rulings of a border commission in the oil - rich Abyei region , fearing that too much land will go to the south .
This has delayed the whole process of marking out the border .
At present , the southern government is said to be getting half of the net oil revenues from the southern oilfields , as they are entitled to under the peace agreement .
But it is the north that provides the statement of the net amount .
Southern politicians say they are not allowed to examine the books to see whether they are getting their fair share .
Most disappointing of all , little progress has been made towards demobilising the scores of militias that roamed the south during the war .
These militias , constantly shifting their alliances , were sometimes used as proxy fighters for the northern government .
The Sudanese army has pulled back from most of its bases in the southernmost states , but only as far as the oilfields .
There the north also keeps up to 60,000 of the more Islamist Popular Defence Forces , which it can deploy whenever it likes .
The danger of having so many armed militias still wandering about was dramatically illustrated last week in the town of Malakal .
In the biggest breach of the 2005 ceasefire so far , the SPLM engaged in several days of fighting with both a militia group and the regular ( northern ) Sudanese army .
Hundreds died .
Previous weeks had seen about 20 attacks on the main road from Juba into Kenya , leaving more than 100 dead .
Having caught 15 of the attackers , the SPLM identified them as members of a militia directed by the Sudanese army .
Pa'gan Amum , the secretary - general of the SPLM , called this “ an act of war ” and an attempt to “ terrorise and destabilise ” the south .
In such an atmosphere of distrust , it is not surprising that the southern government is rapidly converting its old guerrilla force into a proper army .
In the latest budget , over 40 % of the precious oil money , South Sudan 's only source of income , has been earmarked for military expenditure .
If the north is spoiling for a fight over the oilfields and southern secession , then the south wants to make sure it is ready .
Next year 1 m refugees are expected to return to the south , and a census is planned for November to pave the way for elections in the whole of Sudan in 2008 .
Failure could see the south reverting to chronic instability , or even to war again .
Peace was achieved in the south only when America , the European Union and regional African countries bullied the north into making the necessary deals .
Now that pressure has been relaxed .
The Darfur distraction
The reason is obvious .
American and European attention has become focused on a much more unhappy province , Darfur in the west .
Since rebel groups there started their own military campaign against the Islamist north , in 2003 , the northern government has been trying to expel or kill the African pastoral tribes , even though most of them are Muslim .
Appalling acts of barbarity have displaced over 2 m people and killed about 300,000 more .
The disaster in Darfur , and in particular the West 's endless wrangling with Khartoum over whether or not to get a UN force into the region , is sapping the outside backing that is essential for securing the north - south peace accord .
The conflict in Darfur continues unabated .
Indeed , despite the comings ( and goings ) of ceasefires and peace talks , the fighting today is as intense , and the human toll as dreadful , as ever .
The north 's campaign there , however , appears increasingly futile .
In the past month the Sudanese army has suffered two considerable defeats in Darfur , one at Umm Sidir and the other at Karyare ; there , the rebels killed about 100 government soldiers and took 200 prisoner .
Even the government 's strongholds do not appear secure .
This week the UN evacuated most of its staff from el - Fasher , the capital of North Darfur , after fighting broke out in the market with rebel fighters ; there had been rumours of an imminent attack on the town by a coalition of rebel groups .
The northern army seems demoralised and ineffective , which is one reason why it has reverted to using the fearsome janjaweed Arab militias as its proxies , in combination with high - level bombing , to terrorise and subdue the locals .
But the army 's defeats may not lead to meaningful peace deals ; so many different rebel groups now infest Darfur that striking any sort of agreement with them all has become dauntingly difficult .
Chris Czerwinski , head of the World Food Programme ( WFP ) in el - Fasher , says that the recent fighting has created another 20,000 refugees to add to the hundreds of thousands already in the area .
In the couple of months since the breakdown of a peace deal signed in May between one of the rebel groups and the government , many places have become too dangerous for aid workers .
Between June and September , 13 local staff members of NGOs were killed in attacks on vehicle convoys in North Darfur .
As a result , NGOs are now withdrawing staff from permanent postings servicing the refugee camps in some of the more remote areas .
In a recent attack the janjaweed pillaged four WFP stores , taking about 1,000 tonnes of food destined for refugees .
The fighting in Darfur has also spilled over into the Central African Republic and Chad ; there , Sudanese - backed militias are attempting to overthrow President Idriss Déby 's regime , creating more refugees on the border between the two countries .
Under the CPA , elections throughout Sudan ( including for the presidency and the national assembly ) have to be held not later than the summer of 2009 .
These may provide a way out of the current impasse in the south and the west .
Sudan 's president , Omar al - Bashir , thinks that their problems have been overblown anyway , especially in the case of Darfur , which he presents as a distant and unimportant province .
The Western media , he says , exaggerates it all .
In Khartoum , at least , he has a sympathetic audience , for 70 % of all the foreign money pouring into Sudan — according to the minister of investment — is flowing into Khartoum state , the heart of the regime , binding people there all the more closely to the ruling National Congress Party .
Yet Mr Bashir 's oppressive government is not popular outside Khartoum .
Indeed , it is hard to see how it could win a majority in national elections .
The economy may be booming , but it is also displaying all the classic symptoms of an overheating petro-economy , with a rapidly appreciating currency , rising prices and creeping corruption , both in the northern and southern governments .
Not many Sudanese have a real stake in the current oil boom , and elections might just sufficiently reshape the political landscape to alleviate the pressures from the centre on the long - suffering peoples of Darfur and the south .
Perhaps the most urgent task facing everyone involved in Sudan is to hold the CPA together to ensure that those elections take place .
Timid stakeholders
On paper , a properly united Sudan seems well worth aiming for : an oil - rich but underdeveloped south complementing an educated , commercial north with few natural resources .
But the northern government still feels no obligation either to share its wealth with poorer peripheral provinces , or to behave well towards them .
What is more , too many countries now have a large financial stake in Sudan .
Their wish to be nice to the regime in Khartoum means they have no interest in forcing it to mend its ways , by , for instance , imposing further sanctions over Darfur .
The Chinese would never agree ; but there has been little help from the Arab League either , or from India and Malaysia .
They are more focused on the German pile - drivers laying the foundations of the towers of Alsunut — and on the oil concessions .
Alsunut is not the only huge construction site in Khartoum .
About 15 km ( 9 miles ) across the city the largest American embassy in Africa is going up , which will supposedly house the biggest CIA listening post outside America .
It reflects the spooks ' cosy relationship with the Sudanese intelligence services in the name of the “ war on terror ” .
When it comes to that particular war , and the lure of oil , old enmities — and the old hopes of peace in Sudan — can rapidly be forgotten .
Recently I almost cried in front of a patient and her family .
The scene was a basic one : a dying woman , her concerned husband and her startled , kind - hearted sons .
Standing at the bedside , we talked awhile about what a long haul it had been , how hard she had fought .
Their eyes misted over , and I , too , felt a sob rise .
But rather than weep then and there , I quickly shook their hands and left .
And then I went to the stairwell , where I had myself a little cry .
Nothing dramatic , no howling or barking , just a brief shiver of sadness , a tear , and I was done .
The hospital stairwell , once the provenance of smokers , now plays host to those who need to sneak away when the going gets tough .
Given the intensity and high - voltage anxiety of serious illness , public crying in hospitals — by patients or family or staff — is less common than one might expect .
Sure , it goes on more frequently than , say , at a department store or a restaurant .
But more often , people remain buttoned up , dry - eyed , determined to maintain composure .
Correction Appended
It was the kind of shadowy , secret Washington meeting that Bob Woodward is fond of describing in detail .
In his new book , “ State of Denial , ” he writes that on Nov. 29 , 2001 , a dozen policy makers , Middle East experts and members of influential policy research organizations gathered in Virginia at the request of Paul D. Wolfowitz , then the deputy secretary of defense .
A report was produced for President Bush and his cabinet outlining a strategy for dealing with Afghanistan and the Middle East in the aftermath of 9/11 .
What was more unusual , Mr. Woodward reveals , was the presence of journalists at the meeting .
Fareed Zakaria , the editor of Newsweek International and a Newsweek columnist , and Robert D. Kaplan , now a national correspondent for The Atlantic Monthly , attended the meeting and , according to Mr. Kaplan , signed confidentiality agreements not to discuss what happened .
Mr. Zakaria , who was not told that the meeting would produce a report , takes issue with Mr. Woodward ’s account .
“ I thought it was a brainstorming session , ” he said .
“ I was never told that there was going to be a document summarizing our views and I have never seen such a document . ”
( Mr. Woodward wrote that the report , which supported the invasion of Iraq , caused Mr. Bush to focus on the “ malignancy ” of the Middle East situation . )
by Sean M. Burke
A JavaScriptish companion to Mark - Jason Dominus 's Higher - Order Perl http://hop.perl.plover.com/
~ Under Construction , Obviously ~
For a general review of JavaScript , I think that the best work available is the first third or so of the book Javascript : The Definitive Guide http://www.oreilly.com/catalog/jscript4/.
( The rest of the book is a detailed function reference . )
And you really should get a copy of The JavaScript Anthology http://www.powells.com/biblio/2-0975240269-0.
It 's a mixed bag , but in a good way -- sort of like The Perl Cookbook .
Also , very handy JavaScript quick - reference cards are available from Visibone : http://visibone.com/
And I say this as someone who 's never bothered with quick - reference cards until now .
Perl and JavaScript have rather different syntaxes , but surprisingly similar semantics .
They vary most notably in their OO systems , but a discussion of that is outside the scope of this document .
In the following subsections , I 'll note the greatest differences between JavaScript and Perl at the functional level .
JavaScript has only two levels of scope -- there 's no block scope .
However , you can fake it with :
( function ( ) { var x = ... ; } ) ( ) ;
Also , there 's no JavaScript equivalent of Perl 's do { ... } .
But you can fake that too with :
v = ( function ( ) { ... return expr ; } ) ( ) ;
Perl uses the last value in a function as an implicit return value , as in :
sub square { $ _ [ 0 ] ** 2 }
However , JavaScript requires an explicit return ... ; statement .
The above would have to be this in JavaScript :
sub square ( x ) { return Math.pow ( x,2 ) ; }
because if you did just this :
sub square ( x ) { Math.pow ( x,2 ) }
then the return value , for lack of an actual return ... ; statament , would be undefined ( i.e. , the JavaScript equivalent of Perl 's undef ) .
Perl functions can return no values , one value , or several ; but all JavaScript functions return exactly one .
However , that one value can be an array , or any other aggregate type .
In other words , there is this rough equivalency :
Perl : return ( $ junk , @stuff , \%thing ) ; JavaScript : return [ junk , stuff , thing ] ;
Note that return ( 1,2,3 ) : is valid JavaScript -- but it 's not what you think .
The comma operator there is the " use only the last value " operator , just as if you had done this in Perl :
Perl : return scalar ( 1,2,3 ) ;
JavaScript also lacks some of the handier list - friendly constructs like Perl 's list - assignment :
( $x , $y , @z ) = stuff ( ) ;
Also , one can't normally use negative indexes ( $ x [ - 2 ] ) to access arrays counting from the end .
( But the splice method is exceptional in understanding negative indexes for that purpose . )
Moreover , JavaScript 's use of arrays where Perl uses lists can lead to other minor caveats .
For example , in Perl , there are these two ways of moving the first element of @things to the end of @wad :
push @wad , shift ( @things ) ; push @wad , splice ( @things , 0 , 1 ) ;
You can translate those to JavaScript :
wad.push ( things.shift ( ) ) ; wad.push ( things.splice ( 0,1 ) ) ;
... but they 'll end up doing two different things .
The shift one , like both Perl examples , makes the first item of things into the last item of wad .
But JavaScript's somearray.splice ( ) necessarily returns not a list , but an array , and so the last item of wad is n't the former things [ 0 ] , but instead [ things [ 0 ] ] .
Since JavaScript does n't allow functions to return a list , there is no concept akin to Perl 's scalar calling context versus list calling context .
( For a worst - case - scenario of language designers considering how to return multiple values from a function , see section 3.5.2 of Steele & Gabriel 's excellent article Evolution of Lisp , http://interglacial.com/~sburke/pub/Evolution-of-Lisp.pdf.)
The full rules for return value semantics and syntax in JavaScript seem to be as follows .
( I say " seem " because in some cases I 've had to infer based on experimentation instead of actual reference to the spec . )
If the function does n't end in a return statement , then it acts as if it ended in a " return ; " statement .
I 'll call that an implied return statement .
return statement .
A " return ; " statement ( whether explicit or implied ) is equivalent to " return undefined ; " in a function called normally ( i.e. , not as a constructor ) .
A " return ; " statement ( whether explicit or implied ) is equivalent to " return this ; " in a function called as a constructor .
If a function contains " return ; " statements ( whether explicit or implied ) and " return somevalue ; " statements , then a JavaScript interpreter working in strict mode will issue a warning like " function funcname does not always return a value . "
For example : function flipsign ( x ) { if ( isNaN( x ) ) return ; return x * - 1 ; } This will issue a warning because the function has a " return ; " statement ( an explicit one , in fact ) and a " return somevalue ; " statement .
In this case , the author probably does mean to return undefined , as the " return ; " does .
But to defeat the warning , it has to be changed to the clearer " return undefined ; " .
Here 's how I turn the above rules into practice :
Every JavaScript function should conform to one of the following patterns :
Pattern 1 : Having no return statements at all .
Example : function wobble_all ( ) { for ( var i = 0 ; i < weebles.length ; i++) { weebles [ i].wobble ( ) ; } } Pattern 2 : Having only " return ; " statements , including one at the end .
( But never have a " return somevalue ; " statement . )
Example : function wobble_all ( ) { if (!( weebles && weebles.length ) ) return ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < weebles.length ; i++) { weebles [ i].wobble ( ) ; } return ; } Pattern 3 : Having only " return somevalue ; " statements , including one at the end .
( But never have a " return ; " statement . )
Example : function all_weight ( ) { if (!( weebles && weebles.length ) ) return 0 ; var w = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < weebles.length ; i++) { w += weebles [ i ]. weight ; } return w ; }
Making each function follow one of these three patterns will silence any warnings , as well as keeping you clear of some confusing corner - cases in the semantics and syntax of return values .
( Incidentally , my pattern for constructors is to have no return statement at all .
That 's equivalent to ending in " return this ; " )
On these points , JavaScript 's syntax is a bit stricter than Perl's :
In Perl : JavaScript Workaround : unless ( $x ) ... if (!x ) ... =>
JavaScript has no ' unless ' or ' until ' $ x = funcname $ y ; x = funcname (y ) ; =>
You can't leave the parens off of a function call ; but note that " throw " and " return " are n't functions , so their parens are optional .
dostuff ( ) || return 123 ; if (! dostuff ( ) ) return " Ugh " ; dostuff ( ) || die " Ugh " ; if (! dostuff ( ) ) throw " Ugh " ; => " throw " is a statement , and so ca n't be a component of an expression , like the operands of " x || y " are .
Ditto for " return " .
$ x = " Your name is $ name . " x = " Your name is " + name + " . " ; =>
JavaScript doublequoted string - literals do n't have variable interpolation .
But see the format ( ) function I write in section 1.3 .
When I talk about JavaScript , I generally mean JavaScript as embedded in a sane modern browser ( i.e. , Firefox ) .
However , JavaScript implementations can be embedded elsewhere .
Notably for Linux users , KDE applications can embed it , and you can write simple little scriptlets in JavaScript for KDE .
See http://xmelegance.org/kjsembed/ for details .
MJD's
Perl code for decimal to binary conversion translates directly , if oddly verbosely :
function binary ( n ) { // optional : n = Math.floor(n ) ; // optional : if ( n < 0 ) throw " Usage : binary ( nonnegative ) " ; if ( n == 0 || n == 1 ) return n.toString ( ) ; var k = Math.floor ( n /2 ) ; var b = n % 2 ; var E = binary ( k ) ; return E.toString ( ) + b.toString ( ) ; } equate ( binary ( 123 ) , " 1111011 " ) ;
Notes :
* We have all those .toString ( ) s because " + " in JavaScript concatenates strings but adds numbers .
This , in the case of JavaScript , is now universally recognized as a bad language - design decision .
Mercifully , it 's easy to work around .
* JavaScript has no single function corresponding exactly to Perl 's int ( ) .
Moreover , if you try using int( ) , there will be great confusion , as " int " is a reserved word in JavaScript that currently does nothing .
JavaScript has a pretty large set of reserved words , only some of which do anything :
abstract boolean break byte case catch char class const continue debugger default delete do double else enum export extends false final finally float for function goto if implements import in instanceof int interface long native new null package private protected public return short static super switch synchronized this throw throws transient true try typeof var void volatile while with
That 's as of the JS1.5 spec , at least .
( Appendix A : " The reserved words in this list cannot be used as JavaScript variables , functions , methods , or object names . " )
In any case , I use Math.floor ( ) instead of an int ( ) here .
But if ever you really need a work - alike for Perl 's int ( ) , then this should work fine , covering all bases , returning the integer version of the input wherever possible , otherwise returning undefined .
function _int ( s ) { return ( ( isNaN (s ) || !isFinite(s ) ) ?
undefined : ( s == 0 ) ? 0 : ( s > 0 ) ? Math.floor(s ) : ( s < 0 ) ? Math.ceil( s ) : undefined ) ; } ;
This translation is direct and simple :
function factorial ( n ) { if ( n==0 ) return 1 ; return factorial ( n - 1 ) * n ; } equate ( factorial ( 1 ) , 1 ) ; equate ( factorial ( 7 ) , 5040 ) ;
And the " 1.2.1 : Why Private Variables are Important " is just as relevent for JavaScript as for Perl .
As an aside , I 'll note that of the various languages I 've run into , the one where factorial is most interestingly computed is the stack - based language PostScript .
To compute the factorial of the integer N is just 1 N - 1 2 { mul } for .
That means :
1 % put a 1 on the stack N - 1 2 { % Loop from N to 2 , decrementing by - 1 each time .
%
The side - effect of " for " is that is it puts the current % counter value onto the stack before executing the block .
mul } for %
Once we get here , the computed factorial is the item on the top % of the stack .
So , if N is 5 :
1 % Stack now : 1 % As we loop from 5 to 1 by - 1's : 5 % " for " pushes that .
% Stack now : 1 5 mul % replaces topmost two items with their product % Stack now : 5 4 % " for " pushes that % Stack now : 5 4 mul % Stack now : 20 3 % " for " pushes that % Stack now : 20 3 mul % Stack now : 60 2 % " for " pushes that % Stack now : 60 2 mul % Stack now : 120 % End of looping .
We return 120 .
Phrasing this as a function that does type checking and whatnot gives us this :
/ factorial { % takes one number , returns one integer dup 2 lt { pop 1 } { 1 exch cvi - 1 2 { mul } for } ifelse } bind def
The hanoi program , like most Perl programs , has lines like this :
print " Move disk # 1 from $ start to $end .
" ;
There are two problems with translating this to JavaScript : variables do n't interpolate in strings ( so " blah $ start blah " does n't drop in the value of $ start ) ; and JavaScript does n't provide a print function -- and if you forget and try it , you 'll normally get the window.
print ( ) method , which brings up the browser 's Print dialog !
But we 'll just do defined a print ( ) function of our own , and a format ( ) method , to drop in values at indicated points , so that we can translate this
print " Move disk # 1 from $ start to $end .
" ;
as :
print ( format ( " Move disk # 1 from \f to \f .
" , start , end ) ) ;
Once we have those functions ( to be shown later ) , we can translate the hanoi function directly as just this :
/* hanoi( N , start , end , extra ) Solve Tower of Hanoi problem for a tower of N disks , of which the largest is disk # N . Move the entire tower from peg `start ' to peg `end ' , using peg `extra ' as a work space */ function hanoi ( n , start , end , extra ) { if ( n == 1 ) { print ( format ( " Move disk # 1 from \f to \f .
" , start , end ) ) ; //Step 1 } else { hanoi( n - 1 , start , extra , end ) ; //Step 2 print ( format ( " Move disk #\f from \f to \f .
" , n , start , end ) ) ; //Step 3 hanoi( n - 1 , extra , end , start ) ; //Step 4 } }
Now , as for a print ( ) function -- we could do just this :
function print ( s ) { alert (s ) }
However , it 's often handy to call print ( ) on a list of several things , so we 'll need to use the arguments object :
function print ( ) { alert ( arguments.join ( '' ) ) }
However , the arguments object is n't a real Array , and so it can't be relied on to provide a join method that you 'd expect from a proper Array object , nor a concat method that you could use to easily get an Array copy of it .
But we do know ( from the JavaScript specs ! ) that arguments does provide a length method , as well as understanding arguments [ i ] indexing .
So we 'll break down and use a for loop :
function print ( ) { var Screen = " " ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arguments.
length ; i++) { Screen += ( arguments [ i ] == undefined ) ? " " : arguments [ i].toString ( ) } alert ( Screen ) ; return true ; }
And this is quite enough for a basic print function .
Our console.html ( at http://interglacial.com/hoj/console.html) provides a handier print function -- it just appends stuff to the variable Screen , which the console framework then copies into the current document later .
Now it 's just a matter of creating a format function , which we will make do roughly the same work as a C / Perl sprintf function -- namely , the work of plugging values into a template .
However , I think there 's little need for the variety of formats that C / Perl sprintf provides ; nor do I think " % stuff " is a particularly good escape sequence format .
Instead , I 'll use " \f " to mean " interpolate a value here " .
That " \f " is a standard JavaScript escape for the ASCII character \x03 , FormFeed , which ( I think it 's very safe to say ) is not widely used in JavaScript strings .
As a bonus , we 'll make it so that if you really need to pad a string to a minimum size ( say , padding 12 to " 0012 " , you can follow the \f with that many \0 characters -- so \f \0\0\0 means " given a number here , pad it with as many as three leading zeroes , otherwise it 's a string , and pad it with as many as three leading spaces " .
( Internally , " \0 " , is just a standard JavaScript escape that 's equivalent to " \000 " or " \x00 " or " \u0000 " , namely : ASCII character 0 -- another character that is not going to be widely used .
This is a hack , but a pretty good one as hacks go . )
So , finally :
function format ( ) { if(!arguments.length ) return " " ; var _ = [ ] , out = " " , m , i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < arguments.
length ; i++) { _.push ( arguments [i ] ) } var f = _.shift ( ) .split( /( \f\x00 * ) / ) ; while ( f.length > _.length ) { _.push ( " " ) } // a hack to keep us from ever running out of data items for ( i = 0 ; i < f.length ; i++) { m = f[i ] . match ( /^\f( \x00 * ) $/ ) ; if ( m ) { // if it 's a pattern if ( _ [ 0 ] == undefined ) _ [ 0 ] = " " ; if ( _[ 0].constructor == Number ) out += pad_zeroes ( m[ 1].length , _.shift ( ) ) ; else out += pad_spaces ( m[ 1].length , _.shift ( ) .
toString ( ) ) ; } else { // not a pattern out += f[i ] ; } } if ( _.length ) out += _.join ( " " ) ; return out ; } function pad_zeroes ( digits , n ) { // n is a string or number if ( n.constructor == Number ) n = n.toString ( ) ; while ( n.length < digits ) n = " 0 " + n ; return n ; } function pad_spaces ( digits , n ) { // n is a string or number if ( n.constructor == Number ) n = n.toString ( ) ; while ( n.length < digits ) n = " " + n ; return n ; }
So , with all this infrastructure ( eminently reusable ! ) in place , we return to the hanoi ( ) code , and run it , and happily get :
hanoi ( 3 , " A " , " B " , " C " ) ; Move disk # 1 from A to B .
Move disk # 2 from A to C .
Move disk # 1 from B to C .
Move disk # 3 from A to B .
Move disk # 1 from C to A .
Move disk # 2 from C to B .
Move disk # 1 from A to B .
A second version :
function hanoi ( n , start , end , extra , move_disk ) { if ( n == 1 ) { move_disk ( 1 , start , end ) ; } else { hanoi( n - 1 , start , extra , end , move_disk ) ; move_disk ( n , start , end ) ; hanoi( n - 1 , extra , end , start , move_disk ) ; } } function print_instruction ( n , start , end ) { print ( format ( " Move disk #\f from \f to \f .
" , n , start , end ) ) ; //Step 3 }
Callable with :
hanoi ( 3 , " A " , " B " , " C " , print_instruction ) ;
var position = [ ' ' , " A " , " A " , " A " ] ; function check_move ( disk , start , end ) { var i ; if ( disk < 1 || disk > ( position.length - 1 ) ) throw format ( " Bad disk number \f .
Should be 1..\f. " , disk , position .
length - 1 ) ; if ( position [ disk ] != start ) throw format ( " Tried to move disk \f from \f , but it is on peg \f. " , disk , start , position [ disk ] ) ; for ( var i = 1 ; i < disk ; i++) { if ( position [ i ] == start ) { throw format ( " Ca n't move disk \f from \f because \f is on top of it . " , disk , start , i ) ; } else if ( position [ i ] == end ) { throw format ( " Ca n't move disk \f to \f because \f is already there . " , disk , end , i ) ; } } print ( format ( " Moving disk \f from \f to \f .
" , disk , start , end ) ) ; position [ disk ] = end ; }
Callable with :
hanoi ( 3 , " A " , " B " , " C " , check_move ) ;
Note that JavaScript lacks an array .
lastIndex or anything , so we instead use ( position.length - 1 ) .
More idiomatic would have been : disk >= position .
length
Note also that we use " throw thing ; " as the JavaScript translation of Perl " die " .
There is a notable difference that we should remember : JavaScript " throw " is a statement , not a function or operator , so that it does n't require parens around its argument ( whereas all function - calls do ) ; and it can't be a part of a statement .
That is , you can do this in Perl :
$x = $ thingy || die " What , no thingy ? ! " ;
But if you try this in JavaScript , you 'll find that it 's a syntax error :
x = thingy || throw " What ' no thingy ? " ; // a syntax error
Instead , you 'll have to do :
x = thingy ; if ( !x ) throw " What , no thingy ? " ;
Also , a pragmatic consideration : the message in the throw ( ) might appear only in a line in the Firefox JavaScript console , or in some other browser component that 's not part of the current window .
As a workaround for this , I normally defined a function " complaining " , to alert ( ) the user with the throw message , before passing it back to be thrown :
function complaining ( s ) { alert (s ) ; return s ; }
and elsewhere :
if ( !x ) throw complaining ( " What , no thingy ? " ) ;
Our console.html happens to render this unnecessary , since it reports , as part of the current window , any exceptions that you throw ( ) .
Optionally , you can change " complaining " to observe the convention that the argument to throw ( ) should be an Error object :
function complaining ( s ) { alert (s ) ; return new Error(s ) ; }
The points of this section are 1 ) recursive functions normally should n't deal with global variables , and 2 ) the common Perl idioms opendir ( X , ... ) and open( Y , ... ) deal with the variables X and Y , and so opendir ( my $ x , ... ) and open ( my $ y , ... ) are to be used instead .
The second point is just an idiosyncracy matter of Perl usage , but the first is very germane to JavaScript .
This section makes these points by using functions that access the filesystem .
There are functions for such things in JavaScript ( see http://kb.mozillazine.org/Dev_:_Extensions_:_Example_Code_:_File_IO for example ) , but for obvious security reasons , such functions are inaccessible to JavaScript that is run thru web pages .
So for sake of argument , we 'll emulate these functions with our own functions that serve up mock data :
var _mock_item_sizes = { " . " : 32 , " ./a " : 32 , " ./a/d " : 32 , " ./a/d/j " : 1157 , " ./a/d/k " : 32 , " ./a/e " : 32 , " ./a/e/l " : 91 , " ./a/f " : 9324 , " ./b " : 32 , " ./b/g " : 62004 , " ./c " : 32 , " ./c/h " : 597 , " ./c/i " : 3633 } ; var _mock_dir_contents = { '.' : [ 'a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' ] , './a' : [ ' d ' , 'e ' , 'f ' ] , './b' : [ ' g ' ] , './c' : [ 'h ' , 'i ' ] , './a/d' : [ 'j ' , 'k ' ] , './a/d/k' : [ ] , // suppose k is an empty directory , just for fun './ a/e ' : [ 'l ' ] } ; function complaining ( s ) { alert ( " ~ Error ~
" + s ) ; return s ; } function sizeOf ( s ) { if ( !( s in _mock_item_sizes ) ) throw complaining ( " No mock data for " + s + " ?!?! " ) ; return _mock_item_sizes[s ] ; } function isDir ( s ) { return ( s in _mock_dir_contents ) ; } function is File ( s ) { return ! is Dir(s ) ; } function opendir ( s ) { return new MockDirHandle(s ) ; } function MockDirHandle ( s ) { if ( ! ( s in _mock_dir_contents ) ) return undefined ; var subfiles = _mock_dir_contents[s].concat( ) ; subfiles.unshift ('..' ) ; subfiles.unshift ( '.' ) ; this .readdir = function ( ) { return subfiles .
shift ( ) } ; return this ; }
With that in place , we can cook up our JavaScript code :
function total_size ( top ) { var total = sizeOf ( top ) ; if ( isFile ( top ) ) return total ; var dirhandle = opendir ( top ) ; if (! dirhandle ) throw complaining ( " Could n't opendir on " + top ) ; var file ; while ( file = dirhandle .readdir ( ) ) { if ( file == '.' || file == '..' ) continue ; total += total_size ( top + " / " + file ) ; } return total ; }
And it works , because this :
total_size ( '. ')
returns :
77030
... which is , indeed , the sum of all the items ' sizes in our mock filesystem .
function dir_walk ( top , code ) { code ( top ) ; if ( isDir ( top ) ) { var dirhandle = opendir ( top ) ; if (! dirhandle ) throw complaining ( " Could n't opendir on " + top ) ; var file ; while ( file = dirhandle .readdir ( ) ) { if ( file == '.' || file == '..' ) continue ; dir_walk ( top + " / " + file , code ) ; } } } function print_dir ( s ) { print (s , "
" ) }
That is callable with :
dir_walk ( '.' , print_dir ) ;
Or , just as well with an anonymous function :
dir_walk ( '.' , function ( s ) { print (s , "
" ) } ) ;
function dir_walk ( top , filefunc , dirfunc ) { if ( isDir ( top ) ) { var dirhandle = opendir ( top ) ; if (! dirhandle ) throw complaining ( " Could n't opendir on " + top ) ; var file , results = [ ] ; while ( file = dirhandle .readdir( ) ) { if ( file == '.' || file == '..' ) continue ; results .
push ( dir_walk ( top + " / " + file , filefunc , dirfunc ) ) ; } return dirfunc ( top , results ) ; } else { return filefunc ( top ) ; } } function file_size ( filespec ) { return sizeOf ( filespec ) ; } function dir_size ( filespec , results ) { var total = sizeOf ( filespec ) + results.sum ( ) ; print ( format ( " \f\0\0\0\0\0\0 \f
" , total , filespec ) ) ; return total ; } //
A utility function , er , method !
Array.prototype.sum = function ( ) { var total = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < this .
length ; i++) { total += this [i ] ; } return total ; }
Note that we use our print ( format ( ... ) ) from section 1.3 .
Note also : this " Array.prototype.sum " business is how we define a new sum ( ) method to be available for all Array objects , as we use for results.sum ( ) .
Then :
var total_size = dir_walk ( '.' , file_size , dir_size ) ; 000032 ./a/d/k 001221 ./a/d 000123 ./a/e 010700 ./a 062036 ./b 004262 ./c 077030 .
Note that we can get space - padding out of our format ( ) function by feeding a string instead of a number :
function dir_size ( filespec , results ) { var total = sizeOf ( filespec ) + results.sum ( ) ; print ( format ( " \f\0\0\0\0\0\0 \f
" , total .toString ( ) , filespec ) ) ; return total ; } var total_size = dir_walk ( '.' , file_size , dir_size ) ; 32 ./a/d/k 1221 ./a/d 123 ./a/e 10700 ./a 62036 ./b 4262 ./c 77030 .
Tadaah !
function file ( f ) { return [ basename ( f ) , sizeOf ( f ) ] ; } function basename ( path ) { return path.
replace ( /.*\// , " " ) ; } // note that we can't call it " short " , // because that 's a reserved word in JS.
function dir ( d , subdirs ) { var new_hash = {} ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < subdirs.
length ; i++) { var subdir_name = subdirs [ i ] [ 0 ] , subdir_structure = subdirs [ i ] [ 1 ] ; new_hash [ subdir_name ] = subdir_structure ; } return [ basename (d ) , new_hash ] ; }
So :
dir_walk ( '.' , file , dir ) .
toSource ( )
gives :
". " , {a:{d : {j:1157 , k:{}} , e:{l:91} , f:9324} , b:{g:62004} , c:{h:597 , i:3633}} ]
Then to just list everything ( files and dirs both ) , would be just this :
function print_filename ( s ) { print(s , "
" ) } dir_walk ( '.' , print_filename , print_filename ) ;
I leave implementing dangles ( ) to your fecund imagination , but I 'll just note that the null function in JavaScript would be :
function ( ) {}
function dir_walk ( top , filefunc , dirfunc ) { if ( isDir ( top ) ) { var dirhandle = opendir ( top ) ; if (! dirhandle ) throw complaining ( " Could n't opendir on " + top ) ; var file , results = [ ] ; while ( file = dirhandle .readdir( ) ) { if ( file == '.' || file == '..' ) continue ; results .
push ( dir_walk ( top + " / " + file , filefunc , dirfunc ) ) ; } return dirfunc ? dirfunc ( top , results ) : [ ] ; } else { return filefunc ? filefunc ( top ) : [ ] ; } } var all_plain_files = dir_walk ( '.' , function ( path ) { return path ; } , function ( path , results ) { return results ; } ) ; all_plain_files.toSource ( ) ;
But note that this does n't quite work .
It produces this :
[ [ [ " . / a/d/j " , [ ] ] , [ " ./a/e/l " ] , " ./ a/f " ] , [ " ./b/g " ] , [ " ./ c/h " , " ./c/i " ] ]
The reason is that this Perl code ...
sub x { my @q = ( 1,2,3 ) ; return @q } push @b , x ( ) ;
and this JavaScript ...
function x ( ) { var q = [ 1,2,3 ] ; return q ; } b.push ( x ( ) ) ;
do different things .
In the Perl , we add the three items 1 , 2 , and 3 to the array @b .
In the JavaScript , we 're adding exactly one element to b -- the Array object [ 1,2,3 ] .
Superficially , this is a matter of what " push " does in each language .
More fundamentally , it 's also a matter of Perl functions being able to return a list of values , whereas in JavaScript , a function always returns exactly one value .
If we change our results .
push ( ... ) to a results = results.concat (... ) , then we get :
function dir_walk ( top , filefunc , dirfunc ) { if ( isDir ( top ) ) { var dirhandle = opendir ( top ) ; if (! dirhandle ) throw complaining ( " Could n't opendir on " + top ) ; var file , results = [ ] ; while ( file = dirhandle .readdir( ) ) { if ( file == '.' || file == '..' ) continue ; results = results.concat( dir_walk ( top + " / " + file , filefunc , dirfunc ) ) ; } return dirfunc ? dirfunc ( top , results ) : [ ] ; } else { return filefunc ? filefunc ( top ) : [ ] ; } }
Then it all works :
var all_plain_files = dir_walk ( '.' , function ( path ) { return path ; } , function ( path , results ) { return results ; } ) ; all_plain_files.toSource ( ) ;
giving :
[ " ./a/d/j " , " ./ a/e/l " , " ./ a/f " , " ./b/g " , " . / c/h " , " ./c/i " ]
MJD 's discussion of object - orientation assumes ( quite reasonably ) a class - based system , instead of a classless system like JavaScript has .
However , I think his points still apply just as well -- an OO approach necessarily involves thinking of a conceptual hierarchy ( whether it 's a class hierarchy , or the levels between instance and prototype and proto - prototype that you get in JavaScript . )
It 's all just different ways of allowing for future code reuse -- the functional approach is about code being versatile , and the OO approach is about code being generic .
This section of Higher - Order Perl involves dealing with hash - objects ( of the class HTML : : Element ) that the CPAN module HTML :: TreeBuilder creates from parsing HTML source .
JavaScript that runs under modern browsers have a roughly corresponding object system , in the form of the Document Object Model .
As one of the designers of the HTML :: Element system , and one of the users of the DOM , I assure you that the two interfaces are similar in the substance , but very different in style .
Specifically , DOM is basically built with such generally restrictive languages as Java in mind , whereas HTML :: Element is more minimalist in a way that fits Perl fine , and would fit JavaScript fine too -- except that DOM got to JavaScript first .
The interfaces ' styles are different in dozens of ways not worth detailing here , but here is a point of comparison that I hope will give you an idea of them in general :
~~DOM in JavaScript~~ ~~HTML ::Element in Perl~~ element.getAttribute ( ' align ' ) ; $ element -> attr ( ' align ' ) ; element.setAttribute ( ' align ' , ' right ' ) $ element -> attr ( ' align ' , ' right ' ) ; element.removeAttribute(' align ' ) ; $ element - > attr ( ' align ' , undef ) ;
I stress that the interfaces are equally expressive , and that it is trivial to emulate either interface in terms of other , on this and most other points .
Interfaces aside , the only significant point of difference between DOM and HTML :: Element / HTML :: TreeBuilder is that the trees they produce are actually a bit different .
DOM trees that a JavaScript program sees have a document object that is above the root element of the document ; HTML :: TreeBuilder has no such object .
Also , by default , HTML :: TreeBuilder constructs trees of just objects for elements and text strings for text nodes , whereas a DOM tree can have text objects , comment objects , and various other oddities .
And so our walk_html function has to do a bit more work to present the same interface to its callback functions :
function walk_html ( node , textfunc , elementfunc ) { if(node.nodeType == document .
DOCUMENT_NODE ) return walk_html(node.documentElement,textfunc,elementfunc ) ; var results = [ ] , children = node.childNodes ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < children.length ; i++) { var item = children.item ( i ) ; if ( item.nodeType == document .
TEXT_NODE ) results = results.concat ( textfunc( item.data , item ) ) ; else if ( item.nodeType == document .ELEMENT_NODE
) results = results.concat ( walk_html( item , textfunc , elementfunc ) ) ; //
Otherwise it 's some crazy node type we do n't care about .
} return elementfunc ( node , results ) ; }
Unless you are ( or want to be ) particularly familiar with the DOM , you need n't worry about the finer details of the above function and its differences from the Perl function -- as those differences are not part of the differences between JavaScript and Perl , but merely differences between HTML :: Element and DOM .
The three lines of interest are really just these :
results = results.concat ( textfunc( item.data , item ) ) ; ... results = results.concat( walk_html( item , textfunc , elementfunc ) ) ; ... return elementfunc ( node , results ) ;
You may , correctly , begin to anticipate the same problem we saw with " dir - walk - cd - def " in section 1.5 , where we puzzled over how to translate push @thing , somefunc ( ) .
With the above use of concat , we seem to have dodged any trouble , because if one of the functions wants to return nothing , it can just return [ ] ; , and if it wants to return one value , it may just return somevalue ; or return [ somevalue ] ; , and if it wants to return several values , it can just return [ foo , bar , ... ] .
And with that agreement in place , all seems well .
We can apparently use the above walk_html with JavaScript callbacks just as with the Perl ones ...
function promote_if_h1tag ( element , underlings ) { if(element.tagName == ' H1 ' ) { return [ ' KEEPER ' , ... something meaning join ( '' , map $ _ -> [ 1 ] , @_ ) ] ; //
( We 'll worry about map and grep later ) } else { return underlings ; } } tagged_texts = walk_html ( document , function ( text ) { return [ ' MAYBE ' , text ] } , promote_if_h1tag ) ;
However , this fails .
Even though our walk_html in Perl and JavaScript provide basically the same interface , things go quite wrong .
The problem is this : in Perl , return list and return [ list ] are basically different , whereas they fold together in JavaScript in a way whose ramifications we still have n't totally dealt with .
The specific problem is this : our particular callbacks for walk_HTML ( promote_if_h1tag , and the anonymous function that is the second parameter to walk_html ) conspire to uses arrayrefs as shorthand for particular data items : [ ' KEEPER ' , somestring ] for a bit of text that is definitely heading - text , and [ ' MAYBE ' , somestring ] for a bit of text that whose status we do n't yet know .
However , our larger plan has been to use arrayrefs to express return value lists , so that when we return [ ' KEEPER ' , somestring ] or [ ' MAYBE ' , somestring ] , this is mistaken for a pair of return values : one the string " KEEPER " , and other the string that we got from the text nodes so far .
We could salvage our approach by carefully considering our return statements and changing them like this :
return [ ' MAYBE ' , text ] ; => return [ [ ' MAYBE ' , text ] ] ; return [ ' KEEPER ' , ... ] ; => return [ [ ' KEEPER ' , ...] ] ; return underlings ; => return underlings ;
And this would work -- but it is the start of madness .
Consider : In return [ [ ' MAYBE ' , text ] ] , we have four objects .
Starting from the inside out :
We have a bit of text that we 've pulled out of our document so far .
We need to signal its status as Maybe or Keeper , so we signal this with another string , " MAYBE " or " KEEPER " .
We need some object to be able to carry both values , so we use an array , and we decide that in our system , array [ 0 ] will be the status signal , and array [ 1 ] will be the content .
And then we need an array to wrap the zero / one / many such nodes that we could be returning .
Each of these steps is clear , but as a group they are confusing , because we are using the same data type , array , for two very different things -- bundling return values , and representing a status - tagged text node .
An " OO fundamentalist " approach would say our four kinds of values ( array , array , string , string ) should be represented as at least two new classes : a ReturnValues class , and a TextNode class ( whose objects have a field for whether is a Maybe or a Keeper node , and another field to contain the actual text data ) , and so we would have changed our return statements something like this :
return [ ' MAYBE ' , text ] ; => return new ReturnValues ( ) .addValue ( new Texty ( text ) .isKeeper( false ) ) ; return [ ' KEEPER ' , ... ] ; => return new ReturnValues ( new Texty ( text ) .isKeeper ( true ) ) ; return underlings ; => return new ReturnValues ( ) .addValues ( underlings ) ;
... with other work elsewhere to define these classes , and then to retrofit our earlier results = results.concat (... ) ; so that when given a ReturnValues object , it will pick it apart , whereas it should do no such thing with any other type of object , notably a Texty object .
According to some notion of rigorously distinguishing type / class / kind , this is all perfect , compared to our awful return [ [ ' MAYBE ' , text ] ] ; approach from before .
But our ReturnValues / Texty / etc approach is even crazier , as it is vastly more verbose , and it requires us to remember the interfaces of two new classes .
It is the realization of every dark rumor ever perpetuated about Java , UML charts , and long design meetings .
It has a kind of clarity of its own , but its design is excessive in every way .
But we can arrive at the solution by moderating that design .
Instead of a ReturnValues class , we can keep using simple arrays for multiple return values ; and instead of using two - item arrays for text nodes , we can use two - field objects ( or , in Perl terms , hashrefs ) , like so :
return [ ' MAYBE ' , text ] ; => return { data : text } ; return [ ' KEEPER ' , ... ] ; => return { isKeeper : 1 , data : ... } ; return underlings ; => return underlings ;
Semantically , this is basically the same as our excessive ReturnValues / Texty / etc solution , except that it manages to be very brief by using data types ( Array and Object ) for which JavaScript provides abbreviations for construction and population ( namely , [...] and {...} ) .
And implementationally , all is well , because somearray.concat ( thingy ) does what we want when thingy is an Object or is an Array containing zero / one / several Objects .
Sanity is restored ; and now we build on our walk_html to make our JavaScript h1 - content - gatherer , which is complete except for the parts corresponding to Perl map and grep expressions :
function promote_if_h1tag ( element , underlings ) { if(element.tagName == ' H1 ' ) { return { isKeeper : 1 , data : ( underlings. map ( get each one 's ' data ' ) . join ( '' ) ) } ; } else { return underlings ; } } function extract_headers ( tree ) { var tagged_texts = walk_html ( document , function ( text ) { return { data : text } } , promote_if_h1tag ) ; var keepers = tagged_texts.grep ( ... get only keepers ... ) ; var keeper_text = keepers .
map ( get each keeper 's data ) ; var header_text = keeper_text . join ( '' ) ; return header_text ; } extract_headers ( document ) ;
Perl map and grep are n't just plain functions -- you do n't just evaluate all the arguments and then operate on them .
In other words , these are n't the same :
@x = map ( $_ * 2 , @things ) vs $n = $ _ * 2 ; @x = map ( $n , @things ) ;
While we can use function prototypes in Perl to create new special forms ( imagine sub first ( &@ ) {...} ) , there is no such facility in JavaScript .
However , we can easily use anonymous functions to do the same thing , as in this minimal attempt at a map :
function map ( f , inarray ) { var out = [ ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < inarray.length ; i++) { out.
push ( f( inarray [ i ] ) ) } return out ; }
Given that , we can translate
@x = map ( $_ * 2 , @things ) ;
as this :
x = map function ( _ ) { return _ * 2 } , things ;
( Incidentally , _ is just another valid symbol name in JavaScript .
I sometimes use it in one - liner functions , but there 's nothing special about it ; we could just as easily use i or someNumber or whatever . )
It is unavoidably regrettable that
function ( _ ) { return _ * 2 } is so much more verbose than $ _ * 2 .
But I think this can be helped slightly by making our map accept something other than functions as the first parameter .
My current favorite approach is to make passing a string thingy synonymous with passing a callback consisting of
function ( _ ) { return _. thingy }
So in our extract_headers code above , we have :
var keeper_text = map ( get each keeper 's data ) ;
We could implement this with our new map function as :
var keeper_text = map ( function ( _ ) { return _.data } , keepers ) ;
or just abbreviate it as :
var keeper_text = map ( ' data ' , keepers ) ;
Finally , as a final syntactic flourish , I like to make map not a function , but a method of Array objects , so that Perl code like this :
join '/' , map $ _ * 2 , split ' :' , $ thing
will produce consistently flipped JavaScript code like this :
thing .split ( ':' ) . map ( function ( _ ) {return $ _* 2} ) . join ( ' /')
Instead of the less pretty :
map ( function ( _ ) {return $ _* 2} , thing .split ( ':' ) ) . join ( '/')
Doing this is just a matter of assigning a new method to Array .
prototype object :
Array.prototype.map = function ( f ) { if (!
f.apply ) { var propname = f ; f = function ( _ ) { return _[ propname ] } } var out = [ ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < this .
length ; i++) { out .
push ( f ( this [ i ] , this , i ) ) ; } return out ; } ;
The only drawback is the now familiar problem that our callback functions can ( must ! ) return only one value , so that one can't use it to write the equivalent of this Perl code :
map { $ _-> blorp ?
( $ _-> shunk , $ _-> zorp ) : ( ) } @thingies
But we can accommodate allow for this by following in the Lispish tradition of having many variants of map , like so :
Array.prototype.mapc = function ( f ) { if (!
f.apply ) { var propname = f ; f = function ( _ ) { return _[ propname ] } } var out = [ ] ; var gotten ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < this .
length ; i++) { gotten = f( this [ i ] , this , i ) ; if ( gotten != undefined ) out = out.concat( gotten ) ; } return out ; } ;
In that case , Perl code such as
map { $ _-> blorp ?
( $ _-> shunk , $ _-> zorp ) : ( ) } @thingies
could be translated as :
thingies .mapc( function (_ ) { return _.blorp ? [ _.shunk , _.zorp ] : undefined )
and then what will be appended to out will be not the single item [ _.shunk , _.zorp ] or undefined , but instead either the two items in _.shunk and _.zorp , or nothing at all .
With map and its concatty twin mapc done , it 's simple to also produce a grep ...
Array.prototype.grep = function ( f ) { if (!
f.apply ) { var propname = f ; f = function ( _ ) { return _[ propname ] } } var out = [ ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < this .
length ; i++) { if ( f ( this [ i ] , this , i ) ) out .
push ( this [ i ] ) ; } return out ; } ;
... and , while we 're at it , a foreach :
Array.prototype.foreach = function ( f ) { if (!
f.apply ) { var propname = f ; f = function ( _, x , i ) { x [ i ] = _[ propname ] } } for ( var i = 0 ; i < this .
length ; i++) { f( this [i ] , this , i ) ; } return ; } ;
So , for example , to get a copy of words with every item uppercase , one would say :
var loudwords = words. map ( function ( _ ) { return _.toUpperCase ( ) ; } ) ;
To find all the uppercased words in words , one would say :
function isUpperCase ( _ ) { return _ == _.toUpperCase ( ) ; } var already_loud = words.grep ( isUpperCase ) ;
And to change words in - place , one would say :
words.foreach ( function ( item , arr , i ) { arr [ i ] = item.toUpperCase ( ) ; } ) ;
More importantly , we can now finish our promote_if_h1tag and extract_headers functions :
function promote_if_h1tag ( element , underlings ) { if(element.tagName == ' H1 ' ) { return { isKeeper : 1 , data : ( underlings.map ( ' data ' ) . join ( '' ) ) } ; } else { return underlings ; } } function extract_headers ( tree ) { var tagged_texts = walk_html ( document , function ( text ) { return { data : text } } , promote_if_h1tag ) ; var keepers = tagged_texts.
grep ( ' isKeeper ' ) ; var keeper_text = keepers.map ( ' data ' ) ; var header_text = keeper_text. join ( '' ) ; return header_text ; } extract_headers ( document ) ;
Abstracting out the element .
tagName == ' H1 ' ,
function promote_if ( is_interesting , element , underlings ) { if( is_interesting ( element.tagName ) ) { return { isKeeper : 1 , data : ( underlings.map ( ' data ' ) . join ( '' ) ) } ; } else { return underlings ; } } ... var tagged_texts = walk_html ( document , function ( text ) { return { data : text } } , function ( el , underlings ) { return promote_if ( function ( tag ) { return tag == " H1 " } , el , underlings ) ; } ) ; ...
If we sneak a peek to section 7.1 , we can replace our callback that calls promote_if , with a promote_if that manufactures functions like our promote_if_h1tag function :
function promote_if ( is_interesting ) { // return a function that promotes based on our given criterion return function ( element , underlings ) { if( is_interesting ( element.tagName ) ) { return { isKeeper : 1 , data : ( underlings.map ( ' data ' ) . join ( '' ) ) } ; } else { return underlings ; } } ; } ... var tagged_texts = walk_html ( document , function ( text { return { data : text } } , promote_if ( function ( tag ) { return tag == " H1 " ; } ) ) ; ...
But the full ramifications of that will wait until then .
We see in chapter 3 ( with Memoize ) how to fix the redundant computation that the following algorithms produce .
But for the moment , ignore their inefficiency .
( They do work ! )
To compute a Fibonacci number is simple in both Perl and JavaScript :
sub fib { my ( $ month ) = @_ ; if ( $ month < 2 ) { 1 } else { fib ( $ month - 1 ) + fib ( $ month - 2 ) ; } }
becomes ...
function fib ( month ) { if ( month < 2 ) return 1 ; return fib( month - 1 ) + fib( month - 2 ) ; }
The partitioning code translates quite tidily .
Here 's the Perl original :
sub find_share { my ( $ target , $ treasures ) = @_ ; return [ ] if $ target == 0 ; return if $ target < 0 || @$treasures == 0 ; my ( $ first , @rest ) = @$treasures ; my $ solution = find_share ( $ target - $ first , \@rest ) ; return [ $ first , @$solution ] if $ solution ; return find_share ( $ target , \@rest ) ; }
And here 's the JavaScript translation :
function find_share ( target , treasures ) { if ( target == 0 ) return [ ] ; if ( target < 0 || treasures .
length == 0 ) return undefined ; var rest = treasures.concat( ) ; var first = rest. shift ( ) ; var solution = find_share ( target - first , rest ) ; if ( solution ) return [ ].concat ( first , solution ) ; return find_share ( target , rest ) ; }
The basic algorithm is just as clear / unclear in JavaScript as in Perl -- that 's to say , it has that particularly austere terseness that recursion can sometimes bring .
For a discussion of what it all means , you 'll have to look in Higher - Order Perl .
As to just its translation into JavaScript , the only point that is not totally obvious involves JavaScript 's lack of a list - assignment operator , as in Perl 's ( $ first , @rest ) = @$treasures ; .
But in this particular case , we get the same thing done by copying treasures to rest and then shifting the first element to first :
var rest = treasures.concat( ) ; // concat = array - copy var first = rest. shift ( ) ;
In any case , the function works fine :
find_share ( 5 , [ 1,2,4,8 ] ) => [ 1,4 ] find_share ( 7 , [ 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 ] ) => [ 1,2,4 ]
Now , the convenience function partition is mostly straightforward to translate .
Here 's the original Perl :
sub partition { my $ total = 0 ; for my $ treasure ( @_ ) { $ total += $ treasure ; } my $ share_1 = find_share ( $ total / 2 , [ @_ ] ) ; return unless defined $ share_1 ; my %in_share_1 ; for my $ treasure ( @$ share_1 ) { ++$in_share_1 { $treasure} ; } for my $ treasure ( @_ ) { if ( $in_share_1 {$treasure} ) { --$in_share_1 {$treasure} ; } else { push @$ share_2 , $ treasure ; } } return ( $ share_1 , $ share_2 ) ; }
And here 's the resulting JavaScript :
function partition ( treasures ) { var total = 0 ; var i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < treasures .
length ; i++) { total += treasures [ i ] } var share_1 = find_share ( total / 2 , treasures ) ; if (!defined ( share_1 ) ) return undefined ; //
Now figure out what 's in share1 or in share2 var in_share _1 = {} , share _2 = [ ] ; for( i = 0 ; i < share_1 .length ; i++) { //
We ca n't just say " in_share_1 [ share _1 [ i ] ] = ++ ; " , // because ++ on undef is NaN! in_share_1 [ share _1 [ i ] ] = 1 + ( in_share_1 [ share _1 [ i ] ] || 0 ) ; } for ( i = 0 ; i < treasures .
length ; i++) { if ( in_share_1 [ treasures [ i ] ] ) { -- in_share_1 [ treasures [ i ] ] ; } else { share_2.push ( treasures [ i ] ) ; } } return [ share_1 , share _2 ] ; } function defined ( x ) { return typeof ( x ) != ' undefined ' ; }
And it runs happily :
partition ( [ 1,2,4,8 ] ) partition ( [ 9,12,14,17,23,32,34,40,38,49 ] ) partition ( [ 5,7,10 , 8 ] ) .toSource ( ) => [ [ 5 , 10 ] , [ 7 , 8 ] ] partition ( [ 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 ] ) .toSource ( ) => [ [ 1 , 2 , 4 , 7 ] , [ 3 , 5 , 6 ] ]
There are two points of interest there , one involving what we do with our % in_share_1 , and the other involving how to most clearly translate " return unless defined $ share_1 ; " .
Consider our code here :
my %in_share_1 ; ... for my $ treasure ( @$ share_1 ) { ++$in_share_1 {$treasure} ; }
This is a common Perl idiom , which I often myself implement with a hash called % seen .
But a problem arises in JavaScript : the JavaScript " ++ " operator does n't forgive the case where it 's applying to an undefined value .
That is , imagine the first iteration of that loop : suppose $ treasure is 6 , and %in_share_ is empty .
That means that ++$in_share_1 {$treasure} means :
in_share_1 [ treasure ] = in_share_1 [ treasure ] + 1 ;
But ( in the view of the JavaScript implementors ) , that 's just equivalent to :
in_share_1 [ treasure ] = undefined + 1 ;
and undefined + 1 is NaN , the Not - A - Number object , such as JavaScript often produces when you try doing performing a mathy operation on an unmathy ( or otherwise unacceptable ) value .
( To wit : Math.sqrt ( - 1 ) is NaN .
But 1/0 is n't the NaN object , it 's the Infinity object ! )
The workaround is to implement x[y ] ++ in JavaScript as x = ( x [y ] || 0 ) + 1 , and so :
in_share_1 [ share _1 [ i ] ] = 1 + ( in_share_1 [ share _1 [ i ] ] || 0 ) ;
The stylistic problem that arises is : this middling idiom in Perl has become a big mess in JavaScript .
An idealistic approach would be to say that in tidy Object - Oriented style , there should be no clunky idioms sticking out like that -- instead , they should be embodied as objects .
We can imagine a JavaScript class corresponding to what we use a Perl % seen ...$ seen {thing} ++ hash - and - idiom for .
We 'd do something like var seen = new BunchCounters ( ) ; and then call seen . incr ( thing ) and seen . decr ( thing ) and then be able to ask what counters in seen have positive values , and so on ...
And then the ugliness of x = ( x || 0 ) + 1 is appropriately buried deep in the internals of the BunchCounters class .
But a less dogmatic approach would be to simply say : if it 's an unwieldy idiom , you do n't need to objectify it -- just refactor it !
And so we isolate ( quarantine ? entomb ? ) all that into a function which , after some behoovy variable renaming , looks like this ;
function missing_from ( mainset , subset ) { //
Says what 's in mainset but not in subset .
var i , in_subset = {} , missings = [ ] ; for( i = 0 ; i < subset . length ; i++) { in_subset [ subset [ i ] ] = 1 + ( in_subset [ subset [ i ] ] || 0 ) ; } for ( i = 0 ; i < mainset.length ; i++) { if ( in_subset [ mainset [ i ] ] ) { -- in_subset [ mainset [ i ] ] ; } else { missings .
push ( mainset [ i ] ) ; } } return missings ; }
That leaves our partition function as just this :
function partition ( treasures ) { var total = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < treasures .
length ; i++) { total += treasures [ i ] } var share_1 = find_share ( total / 2 , treasures ) ; if (!defined ( share_1 ) ) return undefined ; return [ share_1 , missing_from ( treasures , share_1 ) ] ; }
Even more refactoring would move out that total figuring .
We could make an anyarray.sum ( ) method that would sum all the items of any array :
Array.prototype.sum = function ( ) { var x = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < this .
length ; i++) { x += this [ i ] ;} return x ; } ;
That leaves our partition function as just this :
function partition ( treasures ) { var total = treasures.sum ( ) var share_1 = find_share ( total / 2 , treasures ) ; if (!defined ( share_1 ) ) return undefined ; return [ share_1 , missing_from ( treasures , share_1 ) ] ; }
or if we do n't mind losing the total variable ( useful only really at providing a label for sake of readability ) , we can simplify even further :
function partition ( treasures ) { var share_1 = find_share ( treasures.sum ( ) / 2 , treasures ) ; if (!defined ( share_1 ) ) return undefined ; return [ share_1 , missing_from ( treasures , share_1 ) ] ; }
Incidentally :
We considered the alternatives of objectifying versus refactoring our JavaScript x[y ] ++ idiom , but there is a third possibility : making it neither a function nor a class , but a macro , so that one could do something like incr ( x[y ] ) and have it expand , at compilation , to x[y ] = 1+( x[y ]
| |0 ) .
However , JavaScript has no macro system , neither in the style of the C preprocessor , nor in the style of Lisp code - tree manipulation .
( Whether a JavaScript macro system in either style could , or should , be implemented , is another question altogether . )
The second ( minor ) point of interest in our partition function is this :
return unless defined $ share_1 ;
But JavaScript has no unless .
Now , I really miss unless in exactly these kinds of pseudoassertions , as I call them -- namely , things that basically mean to bail out unless some necessary condition is true .
Normally it 's simple to follow this model :
~~Perl~~ ~~JavaScript~~ return ... unless whatever ; => if (! whatever ) return ... ; die " enh ! " unless whatever ; => if (! whatever ) throw " enh ! " ; whatever or die " enh ! " => if (! whatever ) throw " enh ! " ;
However , we run into a minor problem with clarity , with :
return unless defined $ share_1 ;
Namely , JavaScript has no one defined function .
It 's common to instead do something like to test undefinedness with thing == undefined ( or the basically synonymous thing == null ) , or typeof ( thing ) == " undefined " .
But since our Perl says " unless defined " , we start wanting to do this :
if ( ! ... ) return undefined ;
and then when we want to translate " defined " , we negate one of our idioms for testing undefinedness , giving thing != undefined , and thus :
if ( !( share _1 != undefined ) ) return ;
This is obviously pointlessly complex .
Now , we can simplify it to :
if ( share _1 == undefined ) return ;
And that 's fine .
Or we can do as I prefer : write a utility function for testing the definedness of something , and use that in our condition :
if ( !defined ( share_1 ) ) return ; function defined ( x ) { return typeof ( x ) != ' undefined ' ; }
And finally , mixing " return ; " and " return somevalue " in the same function causes a warning in JavaScript strict mode ( see " HOJ.0.2.1 : Implicit Return Values " ) , so we usually have to change our " return ; " to the synonymous " return undefined ; " .
So :
if ( !defined ( share_1 ) ) return undefined ;
MJD's
Perl source for the dispatch - table - based Reverse Polish Notation calculator translates tidily into JavaScript :
var stack = [ ] ; var actions = { '+' : function ( ) { stack .push ( stack.pop ( ) + stack.pop ( ) ) ; } , '* ' : function ( ) { stack .
push ( stack.pop ( ) * stack.pop ( ) ) ; } , '- ' : function ( ) { var s = stack .pop ( ) ; stack.push ( stack.pop ( ) - s ) ; } , ' / ' : function ( ) { var s = stack .pop ( ) ; stack.push ( stack.pop ( ) / s ) ; } , ' NUMBER ' : function ( n ) { stack .
push (n ) } , '_DEFAULT_ ' : function ( n ) { throw ( " Unrecognized token ` " +n.toString ( ) + " ' ; aborting " ) ; } } ; function evaluate ( expr , actions ) { var tokens = expr.split(/\s+/) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < tokens.
length ; i++) { var token = tokens [ i ] ; if(!token.length ) continue ; var type = ' NONNUMBER ' ; if ( token.match ( /^\d+$ / ) ) { //
It 's a number type = ' NUMBER ' ; token = token * 1 ; // note the numerification } var action = actions [ type ] || actions [ token ] || actions [ ' _DEFAULT_' ] ; action ( token , type , actions ) ; } return stack.pop ( ) ; }
There is one gotcha here .
In the Perl code , MJD has :
if ( $ token =~ /^\d + $ / ) { #
It 's a number $ type = ' NUMBER ' ; }
... but our Javascript has to have :
if ( token.match ( /^\d+$ / ) ) { //
It 's a number type = ' NUMBER ' ; token = token * 1 ; // note the numerification }
If not for that " token = token * 1 " , we would discover that " 2 3 + " would give " 23 " -- because the number tokens " 2 " and " 3 " would be still just strings ; and for strings , " + " means " concatenate " -- and our comment " It 's a number " and our " type = ' NUMBER ' ; " would be mere wishful thinking .
The short story is that we turn the string value into a number value by doing " token = token * 1 " .
( The long story is in the next section . )
And so the caculator works happily ; if we paste the above code into our console.html ( http://interglacial.com/hoj/console.html), and then add this :
evaluate ( '2 3 + 4 *' , actions )
then we correctly get back the value 20 .
Addition is about the most common operation that programmers perform on numbers , and concatenation is the most common for strings ; so this gotcha with JavaScript " + " does create the impression that JavaScript does n't coerce numbers to / from strings as transparently as Perl does .
But in fact , JavaScript 's clumsiness with numbers is really just limited to the " + " operator .
In all other practical respects , JavaScript and Perl automatically coerce numbers to and from strings just as fluidly .
For example , each language 's join knows to stringify numbers in the list / array being joined :
join ( " " , 123 , " 456 " ) => " 123456 " [ 123 , " 456 " ]. join ( " " ) => " 123456 "
And even " ++ " does the expected coercion :
$x = " 123 " ; $ x++ ; $ x => 124 x = " 123 " ; x++ ; x => 124
But then JavaScript makes " + " be annoyingly unusual : " 123 " + " 1 " is " 1231 " while 123+1 is 124 .
And if force of habit from Perl makes us think that adding zero will numerify a string , we find that 0 + " 123 " is not 123 , but " 0123 " ; and even worse , " 123 " +0 is not 123 , but " 1230 " !
But the " * " operator has no such problem : 1*" 123 " and " 123 " * 1 are both 123 .
So we use " token = token * 1 " as our numerifier .
Incidentally , " + " is not the only JavaScript operator that is polymorphous .
The others are :
JavaScript " == " subsumes Perl " == " and " eq " .
JavaScript " < " subsumes Perl " < " and " lt " .
JavaScript " > " subsumes " > " and " gt " .
So while JavaScript " + " is not totally unique , it 's certainly the only really annoying one .
To mix Freudian jargon with semantics jargon , those other operators may be polymorphous , but only " + " manages to be polymorphously perverse .
( Perl has its own oddity , well hidden , on the bitwise - xor " ^ " operator : " 123 " ^ " 456 " is " \x05\x07\x05 " while 123 ^ 456 is 435 .
Moreover , the " ++ " operator behaves specially on non-numeric alphabetic strings ( so $x = " abc " ; $ x++ leaves $x with the value " abd " ) , but it is not bizarre like " ^ " is .
That is , incrementing " 123 " and 123 both give 124 , as we saw above . )
We can change our " actions " dispatch - table to the following to get not an evaluation of the input , but an abstract syntax tree of it :
var actions = { ' NUMBER ' : function ( n ) { stack .
push ( n * 1 ) } , '_DEFAULT_' : function ( n ) { var s = stack .pop ( ) ; stack .push ( [ n , stack .pop ( ) , s ] ) ; } } ;
And so
evaluate ( '2 3 + 4 *' , actions ) .
toSource ( ) then returns : [ " * " , [ " + " , 2 , 3 ] , 4 ]
MJD's " AST_to_string " function translates just as easily into JavaScript too :
function AST_to_string ( tree ) { if ( tree.push ) { // a cheapo way to test arrayness var op = tree [ 0 ] , s1 = AST_to_string ( tree [ 1 ] ) , s2 = AST_to_string ( tree [ 2 ] ) ; return ['( ' , s1 , op , s2 , ' ) ' ]. join ( ' ') ; // join autostringifies } else { return tree ; } }
And so this :
AST_to_string ( evaluate ( '2 3 + 4 *' , actions ) )
returns this :
( ( 2 + 3 ) * 4 )
And this is where MJD 's section 2.2 on the dispatch - table - driven RPN calculator stops .
But for JavaScript , this is a good point to continue a bit .
The above section 's " actions " dispatch - table gives us an AST , an Abstract Syntax Tree .
An AST is , as its name suggests , a tree .
Also consider :
The typical JavaScript interpreter is embedded in a browser , those indispensable programs that are happiest when showing us documents that consist of tree - shaped data structures , which are gotten from parsing HTML , and which are styled according to CSS rules .
Thru the DOM ( Document Object Model ) interface , JavaScript programs can liberally interact with those document trees : they can read the document 's structure and content , can alter attribute values , move nodes around , and even create new text and element nodes .
So , it would be useful and ( theoretically ) easy to take an AST from the calculator program , and to make a tree of DOM nodes that reiterates that structure , for displaying to the user .
However , the particulars of node construction in DOM are quite typical of the verbosity that I complained about in section 1.7 .
Merely making this structure and attaching it to the " body " node ...
< div class = " foo " >< div class = " bar " > Baz!</div></div>
... requires all these calls :
var x = document.createElement ( " div " ) ; x.setAttribute( " class " , " foo " ) ; document.body.appendChild( x ) ; y = document.createElement ( " div " ) ; y.setAttribute( " class " , " bar " ) ; x.appendChild ( y ) ; y.appendChild ( document.createTextNode ( " Baz " ) ) ;
Of all the strategies I 've found for making JavaScript tolerable , my first , best , and most - used is : avoid construction with DOM , by wrapping it up in a function I call " graft " , which replaces those DOM calls with this :
graft ( document.body , [ ' div.foo ' , [ ' div.bar ' , " Baz ! " ] ] ) ;
That is , graft turns a tree of JavaScript Array objects into a DOM tree ( and attaches it to document . body , or wherever else you specify ) , according to a set of rules :
An array in input means to create an element ( whose tagname , and possibly also class , come from the first item in the array , as with ' div.foo ' and ' div.bar ' )
Not - first strings in arrays ( like the " Baz ! " ) mean to create text nodes .
Hashes ( as we see will below ) will be used to add attributes to the array / element that they 're inside -- so we could rewrite the above as : graft ( document .
body , [ ' div ' , {' class ' :' foo'} , [ ' div ' , {' class ' :' bar'} , " Baz ! " ] ] ) ;
In my experience , this is extremely useful as a sort of shorthand in JavaScript programs , where I want to create and pass tree - shaped data that I want to put into the HTML document window , without all the verbosity of DOM calls .
But even more relevant to our task at hand , it means we can write a simple recursive function to transform the calculator 's AST ( made of JavaScript Array objects ) into a data structure ( made of JavaScript Array objects ) that we can feed to graft :
function AST_to_graftable ( tree ) { if ( tree.push ) { // a cheapo way to test arrayness var op = tree [ 0 ] , s1 = AST_to_graftable ( tree [ 1 ] ) , s2 = AST_to_graftable ( tree [ 2 ] ) ; return [ ' div.expr ' , s1 , [ ' div.op ' , op ] , s2 ] ; } else { return [ ' div.terminal ' , tree ] ; } }
When we feed that in , along with the graft source that I 'll show at the end of this section , and call this :
graft( document.body , [ ' p.ast ' , AST_to_graftable ( evaluate ( '2 3 + 4 *' , actions ) ) ] ) ;
... we get a representation of the AST added to the bottom of the current document , as if it had come from HTML source like this :
< p class = " ast " > < div class = " expr " > < div class= " expr " > < div class= " terminal " >2</div > < div class= " op " >+</div > < div class= " terminal " >3</div > </div > < div class= " op " >*</div > < div class=" terminal " >4</div > </div > </p>
It looks a bit unimpressive at first ...
2
+
3
*
4
But that 's just because we do n't have styles defined for .expr or these other classes .
That 's easily fixed :
graft ( document.body , [ ' style ' , {type : ' text / css'} , ' div { display : block ; }
' , '. expr { border : 1 px cyan solid ; padding : .2em ; }
' , '.op { color : # f0 f ; }
' , '.ast { margin : 1ex ; padding : 1ex ; border : 2 px grey solid;} ' ] ) ;
And then it looks like this :
2 + 3 * 4
The benefit of this sort of diagram is made even clearer with an even longer RPN expression like ' 2 3 + 4 88 + * 19 /':
graft( document.body , [ ' p.ast ' , AST_to_graftable ( evaluate ( '2 3 + 4 88 + * 19 /' , actions ) ) ] ) ;
2 + 3 * 4 + 88 / 19
Here is the complete source for my graft function :
function graft ( parent , t , doc ) { //
Usage : graft ( somenode , [ " I like " , [ 'em ' , // { ' class ' : " stuff " } , " stuff " ] , " oboy ! " ] ) doc = ( doc || parent.ownerDocument || document ) ; var e ; if (t == undefined ) { throw complaining ( " Ca n't graft an undefined value " ) ; } else if ( t.constructor == String ) { e = doc.createTextNode ( t ) ; } else if ( t.length == 0 ) { e = doc.createElement ( " span " ) ; e.setAttribute( " class " , " fromEmptyLOL " ) ; } else { for ( var i = 0 ; i < t.length ; i++) { if ( i == 0 && t[i ]. constructor == String ) { var snared ; snared = t[i ]. match ( /^( [ a - z ] [ a - z0 - 9 ] * ) \.( [ ^\s\ . ] + ) $ /i ) ; if ( snared ) { e = doc.createElement ( snared [ 1 ] ) ; e.setAttribute ( ' class ' , snared [ 2 ] ) ; continue ; } snared = t[ i ]. match ( /^( [ a - z ] [ a - z0 - 9 ] * ) $ / i ) ; if ( snared ) { e = doc.createElement ( snared [ 1 ] ) ; // but no class continue ; } // Otherwise : e = doc.createElement ( " span " ) ; e.setAttribute( " class " , " namelessFromLOL " ) ; } if ( t[i ] == undefined ) { throw complaining ( " Ca n't graft an undefined value in a list ! " ) ; } else if ( t[i ] .
constructor == String || t[i ]. constructor == Array ) { graft ( e , t[i ] , doc ) ; } else if ( t[i ]. constructor == Number ) { graft ( e , t[i ]. toString ( ) , doc ) ; } else if ( t[i ]. constructor == Object ) { // hash 's properties => element 's attributes for ( var k in t[i ] ) e.setAttribute( k , t[i ] [ k ] ) ; } else { throw complaining ( " Object " + t[ i ] + " is inscrutable as an graft arglet . " ) ; } } } parent.appendChild( e ) ; return e ; // return the topmost created node } function complaining ( s ) { alert (s ) ; return new Error(s ) ; }
It 's long , but most of its code is edge cases and error - handling .
Here is a handy - dandy memoizer in JavaScript :
function memoize ( methodname , inobject ) { if (!inobject ) inobject = window ; // default to using the " global object " if (!( methodname in inobject ) ) throw new Error ( " No ' " + methodname + " ' method in object " + inobject ) ; var f = inobject [ methodname ] ; var cachename = " _memz_cache_ " + methodname ; inobject [ cachename ] = {} ; inobject [ methodname ] = function () { // the stub var key = [ ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < arguments.
length ; i++) { key.push ( arguments [i ] ) } key = key .
toSource ( ) ; if ( !( key in this [ cachename ] ) ) this [ cachename ] [ key ] = f.apply ( this , arguments ) ; return this [ cachename ] [ key ] ; } ; return cachename ; // in case you want to access it }
To memoize a ' foo ' function , call it like so :
memoize ( ' foo ' ) ;
To memoize the ' foo ' method of the object Bar :
memoize ( ' foo ' , Bar ) ;
The memoize function works for methods as well as functions because in JavaScript they are the same thing -- a function call is just an abbreviated way of writing a method call to window.functionname ( ... ) .
So to memoize this :
function fib ( month ) { if ( month < 2 ) return 1 ; return fib( month - 1 ) + fib( month - 2 ) ; }
We need only call :
memoize ( ' fib ' ) ;
Memoize looks up ' fib ' in window and replaces it with a function that first checks to see if window._memz_cache_fib [ arguments.toSource( ) ] is present ; if so , it is returned .
Otherwise we call the original function ( using function.apply ( this , arguments ) , which is the Perlish equivalent of $ this ->$ function ( @_ ) ) , and save that in this._memz_cache_fib [ arguments.toSource ( ) ] , and then return that .
This document is distributed under the GNU Free Documentation License ( http://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl.html).
In this section , I 'll note only nontrivial changes to HOJ .
02006-12-16
Making the license explicit ( GFDL ) 02006-03 - 21
Sorry , no more new real content , but I 've added links to The JavaScript Anthology http://www.powells.com/biblio/2-0975240269-0 and KJSEmbed stuff
http://xmelegance.org/kjsembed/
02005-08-06 Added " HOJ.0.2.1 : Implicit Return Values " .
I go back and change some bits of " 1.8.2 : Partitioning " to conform with my three return - value patterns for functions .
But the changes are just a matter of changing some " return ; "s to " return undefined ; "s , to avoid strict - mode compiler warnings .
02005-08-05
I add the section " 2.2 : Calculator " , containing the important " graft " function .
I think this is the first section I 've written that has the distinction of being longer than the corresponding section in MJD 's book .
02005-05 to 02005-08
Lots of changes not carefully noted .
02005-05 -12
I first post the beginnings of HOJ .
~ End~ ( for now )
Download a 12 sided calendar
Download a dodecahedral calendar .
You may choose between PostScript and PDF format .
Choose PostScript format if you want to mark holidays and birthdays .
The PostScript file explains how to do it .
Type dodecahedron : Regular dodecahedron Rhombic dodecahedron Year : 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Language : Albanian Basque Belarusian Breton Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian Faroese Finnish French Galician German German ( Austrian ) Greek Hebrew Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malay Maltese Northern Sami Norwegian ( Bokmål ) Norwegian ( Nynorsk ) Occitan Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Welsh Start week on* : Sunday Monday Monday with week numbers Format** : PDF PostScript
*) Week numbering follows ISO 8601
**) PostScript software is available from https://www.ghostscript.com/download/.
PDF software is available via PDFreaders.org .
Calendar on a regular dodecahedron
Once upon a time I made a PostScript program to print templates for generic polyhedra called polyeder .ps .
This program was posted to comp.lang .
postscript after a request for this kind of program .
Andrew Rogers added code to polyeder.ps and turned the dodecahedron into a 12 - month desk calendar and posted it to comp.sources.postscript .
I 've made a few changes to Andrew Rogers ' deskcal , and wrapped it into a script to make it more available for people without knowledge in PostScript .
Hints for calendar on a regular dodecahedron
Regular printer paper ( 80 g / m² ) will be fine , but heavier paper ( 100 - 120 g/ m² ) will result in a more robust calendar .
Even heavier paper ( 160 g / m² ) may be difficult to fold .
Do all folding after cutting
Glue the tabs matching the untabbed face last ( November ) .
Calendar on a rhombic dodecahedron
I have reused Andrew Rogers ' calendar generator , so you can get calendars on Nick Robinson 's rhombic A4 units , and make a rhombic dodecahedron calendar .
This variant is made without glue .
Hints for calendar on a rhombic dodecahedron
Print the calendar on regular A4 paper ( 80 g /m² ) .
The rhombic calendar will not fit on American letter paper :-(
It will fit on American legal paper , but then you have to cut off the extra paper .
fit on American letter paper :-(
It will fit on American legal paper , but then you have to cut off the extra paper .
Print the calendar on 12 sheets of paper with different colors if you want a more colorful calendar .
Fold each piece into a rhombic unit as shown below .
Join the rhombic units as shown on the pictures below
User Friendly Link of the day Dec 04 , 2004
How not to Pitch To Y Combinator
I 've gotten a few emails over the past couple of days , people worried I was disappointed or discouraged about the outcome of the Y Combinator thing .
Disappointed ?
A little .
Discouraged ?
Not in the least .
Why this is just the first in a long string of rejections I have planned .
Anyway I was just contemplating how damn funny it was me trying to explain this thing to Paul Graham and company .
Picture this , four people that knew nothing about CouchDb ahead of time ( " oh? it 's database software ? " ) , and my pitch is about as slick and polished as a Ford Pinto and I 've got only 15 minutes to not only explain it , but to sell them as investors .
I was probably a textbook case of what not to do .
Really , when I think about it it 's hysterically funny shit .
I first tried to write this advice as though you were really trying to mess up the interview , but that was confusing in a very " Do n't do what Donny - Do n't does … " way .
So instead this is conventional advice you should actually try to follow .
Do n't Assume They Read Up Ahead of Time
I figured because I was accepted for interview , they must have read up on my project and done research .
A few seconds into the interview it became apparent that was n't the case .
Just because you are accepted to interview , do not make the assumption they know anything at all about your idea .
All the stuff you put online , they did n't look at it , or if they did they did n't remember it .
The amount of time they allot for you to pitch is really all the consideration you 're going to get , if you did n't explain it then do n't expect they will figure it out .
Here 's the deal , they do one round of funding every six months .
Apparently they do all the interviews to fill a fixed number funding slots on a single day .
I do n't know how many interviews they did that day , but Paul mentioned something about thirty more rejection calls he had to make .
It could be they interviewed 30 + groups on a single day , it could be he was calling each person involved in the groups or it could be hyperbole that he had a lot of phone calls .
But regardless , they can't spend a bunch of additional brainpower on your pitch .
Think about it .
In addition to evaluating a ton of pitches in a single day , they are also doing all the other stuff involved with their currently funded startups .
Even if they did read up ahead of time , they probably forgot almost everything by the time you pitch to them .
This is what you must keep in mind when presenting , because more than other investors you are really going to have to work hard to sell your project if it 's difficult to explain .
They simply wo n't have the time to figure it out it on their own .
Be Prepared to Be Derailed
I was trying to show them a demo , and they kept asking me questions and I kept getting sidetracked and I think I barely showed them anything .
Practice your demos for live people and have them to ask you questions as you go .
Figure out how to keep the focus on the demo .
And of course expect them to ask the wrong questions .
And not the right - wrong you questions you think they 'll ask , but wrong - wrong stuff that can't imagine why they asked it .
Be a Jobs
Do n't be like me .
Have a slick polished presentation .
Give this presentation to as many people as you can .
Note the questions they ask , note what confuses them .
Practice practice practice practice .
Do n't just wing it !
Paul Graham says I 'm a Woz .
No excuses , if I 'd have just spent some serious time on presentation and worked real hard on it , I to could be a Jobs .
So could a lot of people with the right amount of effort .
And that 's not really the point , what they need to know that you can communicate this stuff .
Even if your idea is one they really " get " , they are also evaluating you on your ability to push the project forward with your communication skills .
They 'll only give you so much leeway , because they are far from the last people you 'll need to sell your project to .
It 's a Flawed Process .
Tough Shit Fella
I 've gotten a few emails from other rejected applicants , some seemed pretty upset with how the process works .
That 's understandable .
The problem is not that the interview process they set up is bad .
It 's not .
It 's flawed .
But it might also be brilliant .
VC funding is a numbers game .
They recognize that and are trying to come up with a better system .
And for certain types of ventures they may have found it .
That may not help you in your exact case .
Tough shit , if this was your only option for funding , you really should n't be trying to launch a venture .
The truth is , they were quite generous and kind to deal with in this process .
Way better than you 'll get just about anywhere else .
Really .
If they pass on your project , just take it as an opportunity to learn as much as you can from the experience and polish your act for the next investors .
I definitely got the impression the rejections are hard for Paul too .
So if rejected try to thank him , he 's actually out there trying new ways of getting funding to deserving people .
He might be a rich internet mogul but I do n't think he 's a greedy one .
Posted November 9 , 2006 5:41 PM
The animated video features dancing ninja kittens
Ninja v Coke ad
The band , 7 Seconds of Love , argued that Coke used their song Ninja and its distinctive kitten - filled video without permission in a South American advert .
After talks ,
Coke agreed to an out of court settlement of an undisclosed sum .
" The creative talent of 7 Seconds of Love is quite evident and we wish them all the best , " said the company .
You never know , maybe we could get into the charts
7 Seconds of Love singer , Joel Veitch
He added that a substantial portion of the financial settlement would go to two British charities , while the rest of the money would be spent on the band .
Single release
" Ninja will be rerecorded and released in the next few weeks " , Veitch said .
" It 's really good for the band .
You never know , maybe we could get into the charts .
" We 've never had the money to do a very good job , but now we 've got into a good studio and have got a fantastic management team behind us . "
Veitch 's musical cats have also appeared in adverts for Crusha
Veitch is the creative brains behind the rathergood.com website , which has become famous for its animations .
Often featuring singing kittens and other farmyard animals , the videos won him work as a freelance animator , creating adverts for Maestro debit cards , Crusha milkshakes and Virgin trains .
The video for his band 's ska -tinged song was originally created in 2005 .
Fans later directed them to an advert , shown in Argentina , which appeared to have a similar look and sound .
" Whenever someone sees something that looks vaguely like my work , usually it 's simply not true , " Veitch told the BBC News website earlier this year .
When he saw an online version of the Coca - Cola advert , he said he was filled with " righteous anger " because the " whole work " had been copied , rather than one element , such as a melody or an animation technique .
Following the settlement , the advertisements have been taken off air , and 7 Seconds of Love retain all the rights .
Flannel Blob Feb 3 , 2004 horah !
I am visiting my family in Florida for the holidays .
I was chillin at my sister 's house when we looked out back and noticed a swarm of honeybees congregating on their swingset .
There are a lot of kids around , including my sister 's 3 kids .
They were inside at the time , fortunately .
Fuckin Bees !
A few minutes later they had calmed down .
We were guessing they were disturbed from their hive and decided to come here , or something .
This is where the bees were coming from .
A hole in the house behind my sister 's place .
We told the landlady about it and she did n't seem to care or want to be bothered that she was renting a house to people that had loving BEEES living inside it .
The neighbor called a bee removal company and they said they would n't come out unless we paid a hefty fee , but he did recommend waiting until dark and go buy some stuff from Home Depot and squirt them with it and that should kill them off .
Well that plan was OK except for 2 things .
1 was that my sister 's husband is crazy .
The 2nd thing is we did n't want to wait that long nor spend any money .
So we did the next best thing .
Started loving with the bees .
My bro in law chucks a tennis ball at the clump of bees , that was the size of a basketball .
He knocked off a fist sized clump of bees , which eventually just flew back up into the main clump .
That was pretty boring , so we decide to try something a little bigger ....
Yeah , a 40lb trailer hitch for a Dodge Caravan .
INCOMING !
CLANG !
We have bees in freefall !
Did I mention he is severely allergic to bees ?
RUN FORREST !
Pile O Bees
The bees dust themselves off , and resume taking over the swingset .
Every single one pretty much flew back up into a ball of bee death .
At this point it was clear these little assholes were n't getting the message .
Their arrival in my sister 's property was an act of agression , and we were n't going to stand for it .
So it was time for some redneck engineering :
Bee incinerator contraption :
- 30 feet of rope
- 1 large fire pit
- 1 science project board
- miscellaneous rags and a bedsheet
- gas
Fill 'er up !
Slide the incinerator under the bees and ....
IGNITION !
OH THE BEEMANITY
CARNAGE !
Amazingly some bees still survived the first wave .
What should we do next ?
The next ingredient is 1.5 quarts of PAINT THINNER
OH YES !!!!
12/23 NEVER FORGET
THERE WERE STILL MORE BEES ON THE SWINGSET .
CALL IN REINFORCEMENTS .
2 QUARTS OF 87 OCTANE GASOLINE REPORTING FOR DUTY SIR !
OH DEAR LORD ITS SO BEAUTIFUL .
I AM SO PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN RIGHT NOW .
Tonight we are having Roast Bee
The Aftermath .
Number of allied casualties ( er , stings ) : 0
Number of bees killed : est. 10,000
Number of bee survivors : about 25 or so
When I close my eyes , I see fire ... and bees .
------------------------------
edit - Update 1 :
jacert posted :
What camera did you use ?
Its a Canon Digital Rebel XT and I was using a 28 - 135IS lens .
In daylight it is easy to use a fast shutter speed to freeze the action like that .
We did call around about how to remove bees and the only advice we got was deal with it yourself unless we wanted to pay a huge premium for having them come out on a holiday weekend .
Nobody said anything about getting a beekeeper .
In hindsight that would be been a good idea , albeit pretty boring .
This was a chance for him and I to relive some of our childhood shenanigans .
We grew up on the same street , and fire was a regular part of our lives back then .
The hole is in the rental property behind the swingset .
We do n't know if they did something to cause the hive to evacuate or if it was part of the hive breaking off to start anew .
There were no bees in sight at dusk .
Mission Accomplished !
Thanks and glad so many can appreciate what we did today .
It was fun despite inhaling all the strange fumes .
Update 2 :
A little more detail .
Thanks for the comments guys .
Update 3 :
I am just learning how to use this camera and post - process in CS2 .
Jesus .
I had no idea I could get this kind of detail .
I feel kinda bad for the little fuckers now .
Oh well , they made their fatal mistake when they went into my bro - in - law 's back yard .
There was no way they could coexist in a neighborhood full of kids .
Like I said the beekeeper would have been an option , but not on a holiday weekend .
Flannel Blob fucked around with this message at 06:01 on Dec 24 , 2006
Rent - Seeking , Public Choice ,
and The Prisoner 's Dilemma
Mankind soon learn to make interested uses of every right and power which they possess , or may assume .
The public money and public liberty ... will soon be discovered to be sources of wealth and dominion to those who hold them ; distinguished , too , by this tempting circumstance , that they are the instrument , as well as the object of acquisition .
With money we will get men , said Caesar , and with men we will get money .
Nor should our assembly be deluded by the integrity of their own purposes , and conclude that these unlimited powers will never be abused , because themselves are not disposed to abuse them .
They should look forward to a time , and that not a distant one , when a corruption in this , as in the country from which we derive our origin , will have seized the heads of government , and be spread by them through the body of the people ; when they will purchase the voices of the people , and make them pay the price .
Thomas Jefferson , Notes on Virginia , 1784 [ color added ]
From 1999 through 2005 , the USDA [ Department of Argriculture ] " paid $ 1.1 billion in farm payments in the names of 172,801 deceased individuals .... 40 percent went to those who had been dead for three or more years , and 19 percent of those dead for seven or more years . "
One dead farmer got more than $ 400,000 during those years .
John Stossel , " Dead Men Farming , " quoting a General Accounting Office ( GAO ) report , The Freeman , November 2007 , p.37 .
The first lesson of economics is scarcity : there is never enough of anything to fully satisfy all those who want it .
The first lesson of politics is to disregard the first lesson of economics .
Thomas Sowell
If something cannot go on forever , it will stop .
Herbert Stein ( 1916 - 1999 ) , " Herb Stein 's Law "
If you rob Peter to pay Paul , you 've already got half the vote .
And if Peter suffers from liberal guilt , you can tell him about his " white privilege " and get his vote also .
Τηλεπατητικ ός ( Telepateticus ) [ note ]
No actions of the United States Government in recent history have been so unpopular as the protection and bailouts , not just of banks , but of other financial institutions , like brokerage houses , and even simple industrial corporations , after the housing mortgage collapse of 2008 and subsequent " great " recession .
Despite being told that outfits like Goldman Sacks and General Motors were " too big to fail , " and that their bankruptcy could bring down the whole economy , public opinion polls consistently showed opposition to bailouts , and loud objections on both the Right , in the Tea Party , and on the Left , in the Occupy Wall Street protests , were voiced against such things .
Nevertheless , the bailouts happened .
Even worse , the Dodd - Frank law that was then passed , supposedly to address the misconduct that had brought on the mortgage collapse ( misconduct that had been promoted by the very sponsors of the bill , Christopher Dodd and Barney Frank ) , institutionalized the " too big to fail " reasoning , allowing the federal government to protect and support businesses judged to be " systemically " important to the economy .
All of this simply reeks of rent - seeking and crony capitalism -- i.e. Mercantilism .
The People and the whole political spectrum may have been against it , but the Ruling Class of politicians and their pals was for it .
In the 2012 election , Mitt Romney was enough of a " moderate " and was himself sufficiently compromised by the system , that he did n't even make an effort to voice popular discontent .
Meanwhile , the Democrats passed ObamaCare ( patterned on RomneyCare in Massachusetts ) , in great measure because of the ( rent - seeking ) support of Insurance Companies , which were promised a captive audience of consumers required by law to buy their insurance -- and protected by the law from financial losses they might suffer from the irrationalities and diseconomies of socialized medicine .
The folly and wickedness of all this , at one level so blatant and shameless , leaves one not knowing whether to laugh or cry .
Probably both .
But the government was also ungrateful for help it received at the time of the mortgage collapse .
After the Bank of America was urged by the Feds to buy up two insolvent financial businesses ( Merrill Lynch and Countrywide Financial ) , it was subsequently sued by the Justice Department as being liable for supposed frauds committed ( i.e. federally guaranteed mortgages sold ) by the businesses -- this resulted in a $ 16 - 17 billion fine in " settlement " of the case .
Thus , the United States Government sends the message that businesses will be protected from incompetence and competition but that they exist at the arbitrary and capricious mercy , sufferance , and condescension of the government ( the principle of all totalitarian states for all citizens ) -- a doctrine openly voiced by raving Leftists like Elizabeth Warren [ ] and implied by Obama 's famous " you did n't build that " speech .
People like these are happy to attack business and finance in line with radical politics , but they always subsequently act in line with the corporatist and crony capitalist system that benefits them , i.e. millionaires like Warren and Obama , more than the ( unemployed ) " workers " that they ostensively champion .
Ἐγκλινοβάραγγο ς ( Enklinobarangus )
Adam Smith divided income into three types : profits , wages , and rents .
The essential feature of profit is risk : capital is ventured in the hope of a return , and there may be a very great return , or little , or none .
There is no guarantee of a profit in any enterprise , which is why businesses , both large and small , go bankrupt all the time -- unless , like Chrysler , they have enough political influence to get bailed out by the government .
Profits ultimately represent the real growth of wealth in an economy , for the profits of one enterprise do not always come out of the profits for another .
Say 's
Law is that supply creates demand , that a successful business adds to the productive capital of society , which increases the goods , and the profits , available for everyone .
If the " profit motive " is rejected by governments because it is selfish or evil , and enterprises are conducted without concern for profitability , then what actually happens is that they will need to be subsidized , and the subsidies will have to come , if not out of profitable enterprises , then out of the stock of capital itself .
This means that the economy will gradually consume itself , just as a starving person lives off their own tissues , until there is too little left to sustain life .
That is what happened to the economies of the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe , and to countless , ill - advised Third World countries .
Wages , on the other hand , represent no risk , except that their source might ( illegally ) default or ( legally ) go bankrupt .
Wages are a fee for a service , naturally discounted by the market mechanism for the absence of the kind of risk germane to profits .
Market wages are otherwise proportional to productivity , and productivity is proportional to the capital investment in the person ( education , honesty , diligence , etc. ) and in the job ( machinery , computers , etc. ) .
Capital value in the person ( " human capital " ) comes from natural endowments ( talent , intelligence ) , upbringing ( honesty , conscientiousness , reliability , etc. ) , and education ( training and knowledge ) .
Most of this belongs to people before they ever go to work , but employers may invest in workers further through on the job training or additional education .
Labor intensive work means low skills , low productivity , low wages , and so a larger , less wealthy work force to produce a given amount of goods .
Capital intensive work means higher skills , higher productivity , higher wages , and so a smaller , wealthier work force to produce a given amount of goods .
People fear and hate being thrown out of work by mechanization and automation , but that is the only way that life gets better for most people .
The labor that is not needed after productivity increases is then available to produce new kinds of products , further enriching life for everyone .
The best example of this kind of shift is that for most of human history over 90 % of the work force was necessary just to produce food ( still 85 % in Tanzania ) .
By 1840 , the United States for the first time had less than 90 % of the population living in rural communities ( of less than 2500 inhabitants ) .
By 1880 , the United States for the first time had less than 50 % of the work force in agriculture .
Now only about 1.6 % of the work force is engaged in agriculture full time .
No one thinks that the solution for unemployment is for people to go back into agriculture .
The only real solution is for new products and new industries to arise .
For this to happen , however , someone must risk some capital , with the hope of profit , in order to attempt to increase productivity or attempt to produce something new .
Those attempts often fail , which is why profit involves risk .
Also , some of them must fail , or many useless and uneconomic activities will continue to burden the economy ( as in the Soviet Union , the U.S. Federal Government , etc. ) .
Rents are the easiest kind of income .
A rent is money paid for the use of a capital asset , whether land , a building , an office , a car , a bicycle , or whatever someone might want but cannot or does not want to own .
The owner who rents out his assets need only worry about ( illegal ) damage like vandalism , theft , etc. and about ( inevitable ) depreciation , where the capital value of the asset declines in time through ordinary use .
Loaning money is a kind of renting , where the asset may depreciate through inflation and where there is considerable risk that the borrower may default or go bankrupt .
The element of risk introduces an element of profit , but a careful lender can see to it that borrowers have the assents to cover any defaults : and the legal right to recover capital distinguishes renting from a straight investment for profit ( where the whole capital can be lost without legal , moral , or any other recourse ) .
Like banks in that respect , most renting enterprises mix rents with profits : they invest for profit by running a business where they collect rents .
Because rents are the easiest and most secure kind of income , it is natural for people to want income from rents rather than principally from profits or wages , and to want rents that involve the least risk and labor as enterprises .
This motive is called " rent - seeking , " and there is nothing wrong with it .
Indeed , those who collect rents in an economy serve the valuable function of seeking to maintain and preserve capital assets [ note ] .
It becomes wrong when rent - seeking means trying to collect rents off of capital that is not the rightful possession of the rent - seeker .
This can be legally accomplished through the means that secure the rights of property in the first place : politics and the law .
Through political influence people can be given ownership of things that are not their property , or should not be anyone 's property .
The theory of rent - seeking began with the economist Gordon Tullock .
A government that grants a monopoly in a certain enterprise cannot determine a market - clearing price and so is either going to victimize a company by not allowing a high enough price or is going to victimize the public by mandating or engineering prices that are too high : those prices then include " monopoly rents , " the amount of money the company makes over the profits of a competitive market .
The rent comes from the " ownership " of the monopoly market .
Similarly , on the other side of the coin is labor law , which tends to vest workers with property rights in their own jobs .
Since that is how feudalism worked ( " livings , " like property , were bestowed on people , and these consisted in collecting feudal rents ) , and it does contain the attraction of job security , there is a powerful historical and emotional pull to such rent - seeking , although it is contrary to the flexibility ( albeit insecurity ) for growth that the free market provides .
The seduction is the thought that workers are better off with their monopoly rents and security , when in fact workers in general are far better off that the free market allowed the growth of wealth and erased the kind of peasant life ( with security , apart from plagues , invasions , the droit de seigneur , etc. ) that most people had under feudalism .
Since sterile and inappropriate rent - seeking is possible through political means , this brings us to the issue of Public Choice theory , centered on the Virginia School of Public Choice and the Nobel Laureate economist James M. Buchanan ( b. 1919 ) .
Buchanan and Gordon Tullock collaborated in creating the theory of both rent - seeking and Public Choice .
Nevertheless , the basic insight of both rent - seeking and Public Choice theory is already evident in the Thomas Jefferson quote in the epigraph of this essay .
Public
Choice theory is about the different incentives and processes that operate when goods are sought through political means rather than through purely economic means .
The essential point is about the distribution of costs and benefits .
The political appropriation and distribution of goods is attractive because it concentrates its benefits and disperses its costs .
Many people can be taxed only a small amount and then a small number of people can be given large sums .
This means that the many hardly notice the wealth that they have lost , while the few become active partisans of their own benefits .
Politicians hear nothing from the many and a lot from the few , who also have some money to contribute to the politicians , money that may actually be , or be freed up by , the benefits they receive -- like the money teachers ' unions get from compulsory union dues , from the money paid by the government to teachers .
Thus , constituencies and interest groups are created for each particular political benefit program , and it becomes nearly impossible to get rid of them .
The rent - seeking aspect of this is that the beneficiaries receive rents on the basis of their participation in the interest group .
They benefit because of who they are , not because of what they do or what they own in a more conventional sense .
Individually , these political rents are not damaging to the whole -- in the 2012 election we just heard about how little " Big Bird " costs individual taxpayers , who are forced to support the Public Broadcasting System , which is actually used as a front for the Democratic Party -- but each group of people which sees another obtain benefits then seeks to create some program for itself .
Such things are hard for politicians to resist , since it holds the promise of a group of dedicated voters beholden for their own program .
The process then continues , piling one interest group upon another , until the many small taxes for each program begin to amount to a very large cumulative total : the many then begin to notice that they are damaged by the overall burden .
Considerable anger and discontent will be generated , but the object of the anger is diffuse , and the many will have trouble identifying the source of their discontent .
It is then in the interest of politicians to scapegoat someone whom they can blame for the whole problem ( like " the rich " ) but who actually is not a serious constituency , or who actually wo n't be harmed by whatever kind of pseudo - solution the politician proposes .
The former case occurs with illegal aliens , who cannot vote and who thus are not a constituency at all ( except through voter fraud ) .
The latter case occurs with respect to welfare , which for decades has been unpopular with most Americans .
Welfare is actually a relatively minor expense and involves a relatively small number of people , compared to massive swindles like Social Security , Medicare , or Farm Subsidies ; but Americans as a whole are particularly offended by it and are aware of the perverse incentives it creates that have resulted in the breakdown of inner city families and the spawning of several generations of sociopathic criminals and gangsters .
The Clinton Administration " solution " for this in 1993 , with tough rhetoric ( the " end of welfare as we know it " ) was a classic case of misdirection : a job training program , which is the kind of thing that was seen to fail with its very first implementation in the Great Society , and then a Federal jobs program for those who do n't get real jobs , which always creates meaningless , make - work button - sorting .
The " solution " thus does nothing but provide for the same kind of unproductive dependency that angers people about welfare in the first place .
In a classic Public Choice strategy , however , this may mollify the many , even while continuing to provide the political rents for its own constituency , a constituency that includes everyone who sympathizes with the " compassion " of welfare , even if they are not on it [ note ] .
The economic distribution of benefits works in a fashion opposite from political rents .
The benefits go to the many and the costs are concentrated on the few in the free market .
The successful business provides goods or services that a large enough fraction of the public finds preferable that the business is able to turn a profit .
The unsuccessful business , not providing anything relatively preferable to the other options available to the public , goes bankrupt and removes itself from the competition , also in the process freeing the capital and the labor that it had tied up in a relatively unproductive fashion .
This is the very process that swept away subsistence agriculture , horses and buggies , whaling for lamp oil , slide rules , and countless other ancient , obsolete , and inefficient industries .
The cost falls entirely on the owners and participants of those industries .
They may be hurt and be mad as hell about their personal fate , but their loss is actually an unalloyed gain for everyone , including them .
It is ironic that businessmen are often morally condemned for their " greed " at seeking profit , even though , as I have noted , profit is necessary if the wealth of a society is to grow and life is to get better , and profit cannot be obtained unless , in a free market , something is offered that people actually want .
It is correspondingly ironic that labor unions and businesses ( e.g. Lee Iaccoca 's Chrysler , or the Chrysler and GM of the 2008 financial collapse ) that seek to protect themselves and preserve obsolete , uncompetitive , and unprofitable industries , in the name of the jobs that they provide , are rarely accused of " greed " themselves , even though what they want is a benefit for themselves that must be directly withheld from the public , which is obliged to pay the monopoly rents created by protectionism ( or by the bailouts of 2008 / 2009 that were universally unpopular with the public , spawning both the Tea Party and " Occupy Wall Street " movements , but were supported by both Republican and Democrat politicians , pretty much without apology ) .
Because a few people retain their jobs , the quality of life of the many is degraded in order to support the few in the manner to which they have become accustomed .
If this trick could work for everyone , it might even be unobjectionable ; but of course it cannot work .
Not everyone can collect monopoly rents without ultimately destroying those profitable sectors that produce the wealth in the first place .
Just as rapacious dictators ( e.g. Ferdinand Marcos ) destroy the wealth of their own countries by letting their cronies steal too much of it , a democracy can just as easily destroy itself when everyone gets the idea that they can acquire wealth and easy living through political means instead of through their own hard work and enterprise ( as in 2012 we see most acutely in Greece and California ) .
This all creates what in Game Theory has been called the " Prisoner 's Dilemma . "
The basic idea is that if you are a prisoner planning to escape with some fellow prisoners , you have the choice of being faithful to them and benefiting from their plan , or you can betray them and earn what may be a very considerable reward from the authorities .
You also must consider that this choice will have occurred to the others , which means that you stand in danger of special retribution if you are betrayed first .
This kind of problem can be abstracted into a little game .
A , B B , Keep
Faith B , Betray A , Keep Faith 3,3 0,5 A , Betray 5,0 1,1
Game Theory was developed by the great mathematician John von Neumann ( 1903 - 1957 ) [ note ] .
To von Neumann , the Prisoner 's Dilemma was a paradox that all but destroyed what he hoped Game Theory would accomplish : there did not seem to be a strategy that would benefit both parties to the extent that they would not want to betray each other .
Instead , it seems that the best strategy for a player is to continually devise a way to sucker an opponent into Keeping Faith while being Betrayed .
A familiar example of this is the famous recurring piece in the comic strip " Peanuts , " where Lucy over and over fools Charlie Brown into trying to kick the football she holds , even though every single time she pulls the ball away and he falls painfully on his back .
The benefit for both them of getting the football kicked is obviously less than the benefit Lucy enjoys at Charlie Brown 's humiliation .
Lucy has a very large score , while Charlie Brown still has zero [ note ] .
Public Choice theory gives rise to a serious Prisoner 's Dilemma .
The largest benefits with the least effort come from political rent - seeking , and those who fail to participate in the political process will have their wealth drained away with no corresponding return .
Even if it is obvious to all that not everyone can live off of the wealth of everyone else ( 1,1 ) , and that the best mutually beneficial course is for everyone to give up political rent - seeking ( 3,3 ) , it is obvious that the best course for each individual group is to get everyone else to give up rent - seeking while they alone covertly continue to collect their monopoly rents ( 5,0 ) .
The fear that others will pursue such a strategy is easily sufficient motivation not to give up rent - seeking .
No one , of course , blatantly advertises their rent - seeking in terms of their own self - interest .
Instead , there are always high sounding , moralistic slogans and rationalizations , arguments that special benefits are necessary because of poverty , compassion , discrimination , racism , the environment , greedy insurance companies , greedy businessmen , etc .
Whatever the arguments , the significant question to ask is whether they can be translated , as P.J. O'Rourke says , into " Give me a dollar . "
The solution to the dilemma is simple , but it does not sound like it will directly provide any obvious benefit : the Classic 19th century Liberal principles of ( 1 ) the Rule of Law , ( 2 ) the Sanctity of Private Property ( including self - ownership ) , and ( 3 ) the Freedom of Contract .
The Rule of Law , in its proper meaning , completely erases political rent - seeking by the limitation of the power of government ; and the other principles are simply those that guarantee the growth of wealth through the economic distribution of goods in the free market .
The Freedom of Contract is the most easily misunderstood , since it is the principle that any agreement which is not an agreement to commit a crime and results from mutual consent is valid .
" Mutual consent " does not mean , however , that both parties have to particularly like their agreement .
It is simply the one that , in the absence of other options , they would prefer over nothing .
Not liking the options you may have is actually a powerful motive of political rent - seeking .
One may ask , " What if we prefer to pursue our self - interest through political rent - seeking , with its self - serving moralistic rhetoric , rather than renouncing that for a Liberal economic order that can only benefit us much less directly ? "
Then we will have to face the consequences of the sequel to the Prisoner 's Dilemma ; for it turns out that there really are TWO Prisoner 's Dilemmas , one for the short term and one for the long run .
This circumstance emerged in 1980 when Robert Axelrod , a professor of political science at the University of Michigan , invited computer program entries for a computer " tournament " of a Prisoner 's Dilemma game like the numerical one above .
The tournament goes on for many turns , and one particular entry won easily , both the first time and later when Axelrod had published the results and asked for new entries to challenge the first winner .
The champion entry was called " TIT FOR TAT " and was one of the simplest possible .
It only contained two rules : ( 1 ) start with Keep Faith , and ( 2 ) do the next turn what the opponent did on the last turn .
Any entry willing to Keep Faith with TIT FOR TAT will consistently do well .
Any entry trying to Betray TIT FOR TAT will not be able to betray it more than once in a row , and a particularly treacherous entry will consistently be Betrayed itself , accumulating little .
A consistently Faithful entry will do fine with TIT FOR TAT , but it will of course get wiped out by the treacherous entries , so its overall score will be lower .
These results contain a stunning moral and political lesson .
The two rules clearly can be translated into three traditional moral injunctions : ( 1 ) be honest ( rule one ) , ( 2 ) an eye for an eye ( rule two ) , and ( 3 ) forgive ( rule two ) .
We can say that the results demonstrate that the honest will prosper while thieves will not .
Furthermore , we can say , with F.A. Hayek , that the Liberal capitalist economic order will surpass in prosperity and overwhelm any system based on theft or political rent - seeking .
This can even explain why evolution by natural selection results in altruism and social cooperation , since the cooperative can ultimately do better than the uncooperative and be naturally selected .
However , this still leaves the difference between the Prisoner 's Dilemma as a matter of one turn and as a matter of many .
Someone might think that the virtues that emerge over the long run are not relevant when making decisions about a unique case .
Of course , when faced with betraying someone for the greatest gain , one does not know for sure that it is a unique case .
Furthermore , someone who thinks that it is simply wrong to betray an agreement will not have to worry and plan about doing that , and will also be properly prepared for the long run .
Part of the simplicity of TIT FOR TAT is that it relieves one of the necessity of constantly looking for the best way to betray the good faith of an associate .
Instead , the problem is simplified , and a person can focus all their energy on the most productive forms of cooperation .
Those who waste their time looking for a dishonest angle devote themselves to an enterprise that is essentially sterile .
Without trust and cooperation no truly great enterprise can be undertaken , while the fruit of such enterprises is wealth beyond the dreams of narrow chiselers .
Political Economy
Ethics
Home Page
Sony 's rootkit - style DRM software , XCP , designed to prevent copyright infringement , looks like it 's breaching the terms of a copyright agreement itself .
In fact it contains code written by the Motion Picture Ass. of America 's villain of the week for several years running , ' DVD Jon ' Johansen , who was dragged through the Norwegian courts by the MPAA using a very dubious extension of US law , for circumventing the DRM on DVDs .
Johansen eventually prevailed in having the spurious charges against him thrown out .
The irony of a company using code from someone who circumvented DRM to develop an even nastier form of DRM - without even saying " Thanks ! " - will surely feature in geek trivia quizzes for years to come .
The British company that developed the DRM software for Sony , First4 Internet Ltd , has included free software code covered by the Free Software Foundation 's LGPL , a cousin of the GPL , amateur sleuths have discovered .
The LGPL , or Lesser General Public License , was designed to protect author 's rights for chunks of code rather than finished programs .
It 's a complicated area , with subtle distinctions between rights over code that is compiled into , and distributed as part of the final binary program , or code that is only called at as the program is executed .
But it is pretty clear cut that First4 Internet has used code without observing the terms under which it 's distributed - terms backed up by the power of copyright ( one of our greatest inventions ) .
And we all know what happens to people who do n't respect copyright .
Sebastian Porst discovered code from the LAME project , mpglib and VideoLAN in the XCP copy restriction , which has caused Sony so much grief .
Jon Johansen is a contributor to the VideoLAN project .
" I just want to mention that the function that can be found at virtual offset 0x10089E00 in ECDPlayerControl.ocx is the function DoShuffle from a GPL - ed file called drms .c written by Jon Lech Johansen and Sam Hocevar ( Google for it ) , " notes Sebastian .
A parallel , and even more exhaustive forensic examination of the XCP code was undertaken by ' Muzzy ' - who published his findings here .
So why is First4 Internet in such trouble ?
If you use LGPL code , the licence requires that you acknowledge the provenance of the code you 're using - with a clear notification and an assurance that you can provide your own source code on request .
It 's designed to deter lazy programmers such as ... well ... the kind employed by First4 Internet Ltd .
FSF attorney Eben Moglen told us this evening he could n't offer a statement on what the organization planned to do next . ®
There has been no independent confirmation of the test
But they stressed that more tests were needed to reach a conclusion .
A vote on sanctions is expected later in the day at the UN Security Council but Russia and China are still querying the US - drafted resolution .
Ban Ki-moon , who will be the new UN secretary - general , called for a " clear and strong " resolution to be adopted .
Mr Ban was formally elected by the UN General Assembly on Friday to replace Kofi Annan at the end of the year .
Throughout the week there has been uncertainty about whether North Korea carried out a nuclear test , tried to but failed , or merely made a false claim , the BBC's Nick Miles reports from Washington .
The apparent confirmation that Pyongyang did carry out a nuclear test could make the passing of the UN resolution more likely , our correspondent says .
Fizzle theory
US scientists found that there were traces of radioactive gas in the air near the site of last Monday 's alleged nuclear test .
White House officials cautioned that this result alone did not confirm a successful test but it could mean that a nuclear test had been attempted .
One official quoted by the Associated Press said the results could indicate a " nuclear fizzle " , rather than a full test .
LATEST DRAFT RESOLUTION
Bans sale of tanks , helicopters and missiles , as well as nuclear and missile technology Allows inspection of ships going to or from N Korea Bans sale of luxury goods
Bans travel by those working on weapons and missile programmes
Any further action needs new UN resolution
In pictures : Sanctions bite Nuclear test - failure of fake ?
Send us your comments
Both South Korean and Chinese scientists said earlier they had detected no evidence of radioactivity in air , soil and rainwater tests .
The US has revised a draft resolution to remove the threat of imminent military action in an effort to allay Chinese and Russian concerns .
The US envoy to the UN , John Bolton , said he expected the vote to be held on Saturday but it depended on Russia and China 's stance .
But Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the current draft still had " elements that should be discussed and clarified " .
The US draft retains a controversial provision allowing nations to inspect cargo moving in and out of North Korea in pursuit of non-conventional weapons .
Clouds gather
It urges Pyongyang to implement a September 2005 agreement in which it pledged to give up its nuclear programme in exchange for aid and security guarantees .
A Russian envoy who has just visited North Korea said he urged the Pyongyang authorities to return to six-nation disarmament talks .
Alexander Alexeyev said his meetings were " useful " but did not say how the North Koreans had responded to his appeal , the Associated Press reported .
New Japanese sanctions against North Korea have already come into force .
N KOREA NUCLEAR PROGRAMME
Believed to have ' handful ' of nuclear weapons
But not thought to have any small enough to put in a missile Could try dropping from plane , though world watching closely
Q&A : Nuclear crisis Underground nuclear testing Press examines options
The measures include trade and travel bans , barring North Korean ships from Japan 's ports , and freezing imports and visits by North Korean officials .
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun has held talks in Beijing with his Chinese counterpart , Hu Jintao .
A top South Korean official said the two men did not discuss the details of the draft resolution but agreed in general principle to support UN action .
Mr Roh is facing increasing pressure at home to reverse his so - called " sunshine policy " of engagement with the North .
As many as 3,000 protesters gathered outside Seoul city hall to demand the government cut off aid and investment .
badlands in ontario , 2 hours less than an hour north west of toronto .
thanks to my good friend gustavo for taking me there .
it was well worth waking up early in the weekend !
update : thanks for all your kind comments .
- apparently based on the comments I over estimated the driving time .
but then again I 'm counting from dwontown toronto .
here 's the google map of the location ( thanks Dan ! )
- also , the colours of this image are as close as possible to what my eyes and brain remember from it .
a circular polarizer was used on the lens to bring out the detail of the clouds and the sky and in photoshop the standard levels / curves adjustments were done to correct the colours .
no colour addition or any crazy photoshop effect was used for this !
- here are two desktop wallpapers for a limited time , grab them while they last !:
1280x1024 | 1024x768
Biggest Mistakes in Web Design 1995 - 2015
I 've gathered what I think are the biggest web design mistakes committed during the period 1995 to 2015 .
Yes , it is a little facetious to say these mistakes will be made in the year 2015 , but it 's human nature to repeat your mistakes over and over .
But it 's human nature to repeat your mistakes over and over < grin > .
I 've added more material to the article — especially the sections on Contrast , Graphics , Flash , JavaScript and Text .
I 've added more videos and screenshots , including those of sites that have changed .
I have proof of how bad they used to be .
Some mistakes I 'll discuss are n't actually design mistakes in the classic sense — ugly graphics , bad navigation , etc . — but serious big picture problems .
1. Believing People Care About You And Your Website .
These women are laughing at you .
Why ?
You designed your website for your needs , not theirs .
It gets worse .
After they stop laughing , they 're going to one of your competitors ' sites to buy something .
Here 's an email I received about the topic : Powerhouse is a UK electrical goods retail store .
We knew they had a nice bread maker at an even nicer price , so ( we ) went to their website to see if we could buy it .
Because we use Firefox , we were n't allowed in .
( Note : The site has disappeared .
Did a Firefox - free environment cause this to happen ?
I do n't know , but I 'm sure you do n't want to find out what happens if you keep potential customers out of your site .
— vf ) Comet 's website worked a treat and they have our money now !
( Ironically they 're gone , too , though I suspect not for web design reasons ) .
Write these two sentences where you can see them as you 're working :
The only reason my website exists is to solve my customers ' problems .
What problems does the page I 'm looking at solve ?
Nobody Cares About You Or Your Site .
Really .
What visitors care about is solving their problems .
Now .
Most people visit a website to solve one or more of these four problems :
They want / need information
They want / need to make a purchase / donation .
They want / need to be entertained .
They want / need to be part of a community .
Too many organizations believe that a website is about opening a new marketing channel , getting donations , promote a brand , or increase company sales by 15 % .
No .
It 's about solving your customers ' problems .
Have I said that phrase enough ?
If there ever was a site that was not about meeting their customers ' needs , it has to be the Association of International Glaucoma Societies .
They 've " fixed " the site , but here is a video catching them in the act .
The YouTube version is below .
2. A Man From Mars Can't Figure Out What Your Website Is About In Less Than Four Seconds .
You should be able to look at the home page of any site and figure out what the site is about in less than four seconds .
If you can't , the site is a failure .
A current example of a site that would confuse a man from Mars is Genicap .
People who make Mistake # 1 often end up making Mistake # 2 .
An example of a site that fails the Four - Second Test is an older version of the Mars Hill site ( shown below ) .
Is this an African sewing cooperative ?
Are they trying to sell us something ?
What is this site about ?
Who knows ?
Who is going to care enough to stay around and find out ?
The name of the organization ( Mars Hill ) and the " tag line " ( we are beginning a new season of covenant ) tell you nothing .
Non-profit organizations are the worst offenders when it comes to names and tag lines .
Here 's a typical non-profit organization 's name and tag line : Big Hands of Hope
– It 's all about compassion No .
It 's all about solving your visitors ' problems .
Nothing in the name or tag line tells you this organization helps African children .
Here 's an over - the - top example of a name and tag line that 's better : Save the African Children
– We keep them from dying a horrible death
Yes , you must tone down the tag line , but at least you understand the mission of the organization .
back to top
4. Using Web Design Elements That Get In The Way Of The Sale .
Would you do this ?
You 're a fundraiser getting ready to make the ask for a large sum of money .
You 're the best fundraiser on the planet because you have a pitch that can move the heavens .
You walk into the donor 's office , introduce yourself and place an information packet in front of the donor .
As you start to make your big pitch , the donor reaches into the packet , extracts the pledge form you hope he 'll sign and grabs a pen .
As the donor starts to sign the lucrative , long - term pledge you reach over across the table , grab the donor by the throat and yell .
“ Not so fast , jerkface !
I have n't finished my pitch !!! ”
You would n't do that , would you ?
Then why are you using design techniques that keep the visitor from getting to the sale ?
These design techniques are the web equivalent of grabbing someone by the throat because they violate the golden rule of doing business on the Web — " Do n't do anything that gets in the way of the sale . "
Here 's an example of getting in the way of the sale — literally — as performed by Jakob Nielsen .
Well , somebody at the Nielsen Norman Group .
As the person who sent this mistake in to me said in his email :
So I get this link on a newsletter that informs me that Dr. Nielsen will be holding usability conferences around the globe - one in a city only a few hours drive from where I live .
Clicking the link that 's 2 /3rds the way down the newsletter , I find myself on a nice , concise and easy to navigate page that provided me with all the information I need .
Sold on the idea of attending , I see and click one of the links on the left column menu under each conference city entitled " Registration " for the locale of my desire - only to find that I can't register .
When you click on the link , you 're given the ubiquitous basic authentication username and password dialog with no instructions on how to enter said page .
They want me to register for their conference , but they 've thrown down a frustrating step into the process that forces a user to come back some other day .
I suspect this occurred by not testing all the links on a machine that was n't already authenticated .
Even if this encumbrance occurs for some other reason , it 's not the best way to show one 's expertise in the area of usability .
Some of the many , many other techniques that get in the way of the sale : Splash Pages , FlashSplash Pages ( Video ) , animations , lack of focal point on the page , too much text , too little text , too many pictures , etc .
See any of my books or any article on this site for more examples .
When people arrive at your site , it 's because they 've made a commitment .
They 've clicked a link or an ad and now they are at your site so you do n't have to try to seduce them .
Let them in your site .
On the other hand , seduction is necessary when you buy ads on other sites and search engines .
You have to seduce people before they click .
back to top
5a . " My ( Blog / Website / Facebook Fan Page / Twitter Account ) Is Everything . "
I was hanging out at a non -web design conference and two of my friends sat down and wanted to talk about their websites .
One of them kept loudly saying , " My blog is everything " until he got tired of me trying to tell him otherwise .
It 's possible that his blog " is everything , " but you can only make that statement when you 've tried a website , Facebook fan page , Twitter account , and whatever other marketing activities are appropriate .
For all I know , his " everything " might actually be Google ads and a simple landing page .
Believing there 's only one , true path is dangerous .
5 b . Thinking your website is your marketing strategy .
Unless you 're an online shop selling t- shirts , cameras — you get the picture — your website is not your marketing strategy .
Your website is part of your marketing strategy .
If you take orders over the phone , do n't get rid of your phone banks .
If you 're successfully using direct mail , do n't stop .
Heck , if the Yellow Pages are working for you , continue to use them .
The hard part , is to find where your website fits in your marketing strategy .
Here 's an email I received from a dear friend who was consulting for an organization that was going to put all of its eggs into one web basket : I have to tell you that I attended a board meeting today for the organization whose website you checked out for me .
The board consists of high - end people who had flown in from all over the country !
When push came to shove , they asked me what I thought about their ability to raise money by driving people to the website .
I shared your response with them .
Silence in the room .
And then a couple of other board members acknowledged that it needed work , affirming that they had the same impression but did n't have the expertise to say anything ..
You can't put all your eggs in one electronic basket .
back to top
6. Have You Ever Seen Another Website ?
Really ?
Does n't Look Like
It .
I usually do n't let bad design affect me , but there 's one mistake that really gets under my skin .
I do n't understand how it 's possible to create web sites that look like car wrecks on the information highway .
Sites like Accept Jesus , Forever Forgiven puzzle me .
Has n't anyone at this organization seen another web site ?
Have they been to Amazon.com or the ASPCA or even to Catholic .
net ( which sucks , but is infinitely better than AJFF ) ?
I have a selection of these types of sites in an article called Over - the - top Websites .
7. Navigational Failure .
All web navigation must answer these questions :
Where am I ?
Where have I been ?
Where can I go next ?
Where 's the Home Page ?
Where 's the Home Home Page ?
Navigation must be simple and consistent .
Common mistakes include different types of navigation on the same site , a link to the current page on the current page ( home page link on home page ) , poorly worded links so the visitor does n't know where he 'll go if he clicks , no links back to the home page and confusing links to the home page .
A problem that is n't discussed much is the order of the navigational items .
Many sites set the link order based on their needs .
In this example , the links make sense to this organization ( Home , About Us ) and they believe the graphics give a down - home feel .
If the links were based on their users needs , the links would have a different order and the pictures would be replaced with something more helpful .
There are millions of ways to screw up navigation .
This video of the Tampax web site shows you one unusual way to screw up navigation .
back to top
8. Using Mystery Meat Navigation .
While there are 10 million ways to screw up your navigation , the best way to screw it up is to use Mystery Meat Navigation ( MMN ) .
Here 's my definition : Mystery Meat Navigation occurs when , in order to find specific pages in a site , the user must mouse over unmarked navigational " buttons " — graphics that are usually blank or do n't describe their function .
JavaScript code then reveals what the real purpose of the button is and where it leads .
Wikipedia used to have a great definition of MMN : Mystery meat navigation ( also abbreviated MMN ) is a term coined and popularized by author , web designer , and usability analyst Vincent Flanders to describe user interfaces ( especially in web sites ) in which it is inordinately difficult for users to discern the destinations of navigational hyperlinks — or , in severe cases , even to determine where the hyperlinks are .
The typical form of MMN is represented by menus composed of unrevealing icons that are replaced with explicative text only when the mouse cursor hovers over them .
Flanders adopted the epithet mystery meat because , like the unidentifiable processed meat products historically served in many American public school cafeterias , MMN is unfathomable to the casual observer .
Before conceiving the term mystery meat navigation , Flanders temporarily described the phenomenon as Saturnic navigation , a phrase named for the Saturn Corporation , whose web site formerly served as a high - profile example of this web usability problem .
Certain types of sites are allowed to use MMN : music , band , movie , art , experimental , fashion — sites where making an impression or being cool is mandatory .
Another exception is what I would call " cult sites " — sites that are so popular with a specific group that their audience automatically commits the icons to memory .
The old version of Slashdot immediately comes to mind .
The stupid Path app interface is another example .
The problem with MMN is it influences designers and companies who are n't smart enough to realize they 're not in the music , art , movie , or fashion business .
When a manufacturing company ( video ) starts using MMN , you know the apocalypse can't be too far off .
The University of Calgary used MMN for unknown reasons .
Of course , they changed their site — improving it in the process , but they can't hide their crimes .
The video below shows you what the University of Calgary looked like when it used MMN .
It 's not just small companies and universities that suddenly become brain damaged .
Big corporations also act like lemmings .
The example below is from an older version of Qualcomm .
Yes , that Qualcomm .
You know , the company with a market cap of 113 billion dollars .
back to top
9. Your Website Lacks Heroin Content .
In his classic book Naked Lunch , which I read when I was 15 , William Burroughs described heroin as the ultimate product .
Why ?
Because people would crawl through the sewers and beg to buy it .
In the non -drug world , there are very few products that can be classified as having heroin 's appeal .
How many web sites have Heroin Content ?
Heroin Content 's characteristics vary by type of site — but you 'll know it when you see it .
One global characteristic , though , is frequently updated content .
The best way to get people to come back to your site again and again is by having content they need , and then updating this content on a regular basis .
How do you create Heroin Content ?
The answer depends on the likes and dislikes of your audience .
Remember , it 's what your audience wants that counts .
What I consider Heroin Content is somebody else 's Quinine Content .
Here are some thoughts about web content .
Does your content solve your customers ' problems or does it create problems ?
Does your content match your audience 's expectations ?
Have you determined the purpose of your site ?
Do you know your target audience ?
Ask yourself : " What content do I have that would cause anybody in their right mind to visit my site a second , third , or fourth time ? "
This is extremely important .
You might con ( seduce ) someone to visit your site once , but why would they want to come back a second , third , or fourth time ?
If you can't answer this question , you really should n't have a web site .
Is the content technically correct ?
Does your customer need to know the content you 're presenting ?
Is the content current and updated frequently ?
Can people find the content they 're looking for ?
Does my site have Heroin Content ?
I just got through reading that Bill Gates wants to start a blog .
Why would anyone in their right mind want to read it ?
Do you think it will contain Heroin Content ?
As Seth Godin brilliantly points out , blogs only work when they meet four of the following five conditions : Candor Urgency Timeliness Pithiness Controversy Content Trumps Design .
PostSecret is poorly designed .
You have purple links on a black background , small text that does n't contrast well with the background , lime green headers , a page that goes on and on , content that only changes once a week and a poorly designed logo .
The postcards are often hard - to - read , especially on a small monitor .
The content , however , is extraordinary and ever since I discovered the site , I 've visited it every week .
Well , every week but the week I had brain surgery < painful grin > .
This site is proof that content is much more important than design .
Yes , my comments about the design are accurate , but meaningless because the site has Heroin Content .
Before you start saying , " My site also has Heroin Content so I do n't have to worry about the design , " let me point out a small fact .
Your site does n't have Heroin Content .
Digg.com has it , YouTube borrows a lot of it , and Google is another site that has Heroin Content .
back to top
11 . Too Much Material On One Page .
Yes , it 's called a web page , but that does n't mean you have to cram all your material on one page — just like this page does < grin > .
It 's very easy to keep adding material to your home page until it gets out of control .
With so much content vying for attention , it ’s difficult for the eyes to find the focal point .
People get confused and they leave .
A long web page means you have failed to organize your site properly — probably a combination of not planning your site and poor navigation .
An example of too much material on one page is Arngren.net .
Oh .
Yes , this page is too long .
You 're learning good web design by looking at bad web design .
back to top
12 . Confusing Web Design With A Magic Trick .
Web design is the reverse of a magic trick .
In a magic trick , you show the audience your right hand and perform the trick with your left .
In Web design , you tell them where you ’re going first — and then go there .
People have expectations about web sites and they do n't like surprises .
It will certainly confuse them and it could make them want to leave and find a site that 's less confusing .
If you 're a dentist , your visitors expect your web site to look like it belongs to a dentist — not to someone who is going to the opera .
Here are web site photos of two dentists .
Only one looks like what you expect a dentist to look like .
Speaking of magic tricks , links should be clearly labeled so your visitors wo n't be surprised when they click .
I made a mistake of not labeling a link on one of my pages and I received the following email : Because I use your site for design considerations , I access your site at work .
You probably know where I 'm going with this , but …it might not be a bad idea to warn folks when the content is going to be " racy . "
Do n't get me wrong , Sports Illustrated 's swimsuit issue is tame ( and in my view , the models are gorgeous ) , but some of us work in an environment of hyper - sensitivity !
It would be nice to know when my PC is going to be non -PC so I can at least glance over my shoulder .
( I know I could look at the address on the status bar to get a clue , but … )
Here 's a link to what he thought was racy .
If you use a vague link description , or just say " Click Here " and do n't tell people where they 'll end up , they could be horribly surprised ( and / or shocked and / or disgusted ) when they click the link .
back to top
15 . Mystical belief in the power of web standards , usability , tableless CSS and HTML 5 .
There is nothing wrong with Web Standards , usability , tableless CSS and HTML 5 except they 're being touted by …guess who ?… people who offer web design services specializing in …guess what ?
… Web Standards , usability , tableless CSS and HTML 5 .
These are simply tools .
Remember , nobody gets excited about the tools used to build a house ( " Please tell me what brand of hammers you used ! " ) .
People get excited about how the house looks and performs .
Yes , Web Standards can make your site search engine friendlier , reduce bandwidth , etc .
The article 9 Ways to Misunderstand Web Standards provides interesting insights into the problem .
Speaking of problems , the text does n't show up in IE6 ( could also occur because of ad - blocking software I 'm using ) .
Works fine in Firefox .
Hmm. back to top
Da imajo študenti pri iskanju prve zaposlitve težave , potrjuje tudi Jelena Štrbac , vodja projekta Zaposlitveni most , ki ga organizirajo Fakulteta za družbene vede in študentska društva v okviru fakultete , da bi mladim diplomantom pomagali premostiti težave pri vzpostavljanju prvega stika z delodajalci .
" Veliko študentov ne ve , katera znanja delodajalci pričakujejo od njih , " pravi Jelena , sicer študentka 3 . letnika komunikologije , in dodaja , da je " Zaposlitveni most korak k povezovanju študentov družboslovja z delodajalci .
Tako bomo prek različnih razprav skušali študentom in delodajalcem pokazati vse zaposlitvene možnosti , ki se odpirajo našim diplomantom . "
" V brezposelnost preidejo predvsem diplomanti , po katerih na trgu dela ni takojšnjega povpraševanja ( kmetijstvo in veterina ) oziroma je priliv iz šol tako velik , da delodajalci ne uspejo zaposliti vseh novih iskalcev zaposlitve , kar velja za družboslovne in poslovne vede , " pravita avtorja pred dvema letoma izdelane študije Mladi diplomanti na trgu delovne sile , Doroteja Verša in Viljem Spruk , ki je objavljena na spletni strani zavoda za zaposlovanje .
Nekoliko drugačnega mnenja je Jelena Štrbac , ki meni , da " je problem predvsem v percepciji zaposlitvenih možnosti , saj je trenutna politika na področju visokega šolstva usmerjena bolj v naravoslovje , pri čemer naše diplomante predstavlja kot težje zaposljive .
Pri temu pa sploh ne gre za preverjena ali za slovenski prostor relevantna dejstva . "
Dodaten problem so delovne izkušnje , saj po podatkih Doroteje Verša in Viljema Spruka delodajalci pri polovici ponujenih zaposlitev opredeljujejo delovne izkušnje , takoj za izobrazbo , kot najpomembnejši pogoj za zaposlitev .
Glede na to , da po izsledkih raziskave Evroštudent 2005 po študentskem delu sodimo v sam vrh Evropske unije , je pomanjkanje delovnih izkušenj naših diplomantov svojevrsten paradoks .
Morda bi se morali vprašati , kako odpraviti številne zlorabe študentskega dela , ki hromijo učinkovito delovanje trga dela mladih diplomantov .
Spirit's McMurdo Panorama , a 360 - degree look at its Winter Haven on Mars , is seen here sans the rover 's solar array - covered deck .
NASA 's Spirit rover hit the 1,000 - Martian dayof its mission on the red planetThursday , but the mission continues for the hardy robot .
Tocelebrate the Martian milestone , rover mission managers released the McMurdopanorama [ image ] , a mosaic of some 1,449 individual images taken by Spirit 's panoramic camera .
" It hasbeen a surprise and delight to see the vehicle survive as long as it has , " JakeMapijevic , engineering team chief for NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover ( MER ) mission .
" Wehad anticipated a much shorter mission . "
More than10 times shorter , in fact .
When Spiritlandedon Mars on Jan. 3 , 2004 , mission scientists and engineers hoped to wrangle atleast 90 Martian days - dubbed sols - out of the rover and its robotic twin Opportunity , which toucheddown on the red planet about 22 days later .
At 24 hours and 37 minutes , onesol is slightly longer than one Earth day .
But despitean early softwareglitch and ongoingwheel issues , Spirit continues to return science from " Winter Haven " at itsGusev Crater landing site .
The region served as a sort of red planet retreat duringsix months of harsh Martianwinter , Spirit 's secondsuch season on Mars .
" We 'vegotten through the worst of the winter season , " Mapijevic told SPACE.com .
" Environmentally , we 're going to go into another spring season , which is aperiod where the atmosphere tends to change quite a bit on Mars . "
Themission continues
Altogether , Spirit has spent more time exploring Mars than the last five International Space Stationastronaut crews spent in Earth orbit .
Its robotic twin Opportunity - currently stationed [ image ] on the other side of Mars at MeridianiPlanum 's Victoria Crater - will hits its own 1,000 - sol mark in upcomingweeks .
The two MERrovers could likely survive until January , when mission scientists andengineers hope to celebrate the third Earth anniversary of their red planet arrival .
During theirmission , Spirit and Opportunity returned evidence that liquidwater shaped the distant Martian past .
Altogether , Spirit has roamed across4.2 miles ( 6.8 kilometers ) of Martian landscape at Gusevcrater , scaledone of the ColumbiaHills and is preparing to head towards other interesting sites nearby .
Opportunity , on the other hand , roved a stunning 5.8 miles ( 9.4 kilometers ) , and sitsperched on the rim of Victoria Crater , a massive depression that missionscientists hope to descend into in the near future .
The rover has its own wheelissues and a motor winding glitch in the shoulder of its instrument - ladenrobotic arm .
" Otherwise , the rest of the vehicles ' systems are pretty much fine , " Mapijevic said .
StevenSquyres , lead scientist for the rover mission at Ithaca , New York 's CornellUniversity , has attributed the long life of Spirit and Opportunity to theirrobust design and talented handlers .
" Thesevehicles are 10 times past their warranty , " he said in a mission briefing lastmonth on Opportunity 's travels .
" It is really a remarkable team effort . "
Spiritstill has a long way to go before it catches up with the reigning champions of Martian missions : NASA 's Viking1 and Viking 2 landings in 1976 .
Viking 2 lasted some 1,281 sols , a feat eclipsed by Viking 1's four - Earth year missionthat ended on Nov. 13 , 1982 .
But unlike Spirit and Opportunity , which drawtheir power from solar arrays that can decline over the years , the massiveViking landers used radioisotopethermal generators ( RTGs ) to generate electricity .
Break timeon
Mars
Spirit and Opportunity are taking a bit of a science break as Mars passes through solarconjunction , a period in which Mars passes behind the Sun as seen from Earth .
" We haven'tactually heard from the vehicles for about five days now , and that 's all traceableto the noise environment with the Sun between Earth and Mars , " Mapijevic said .
" Weshould be out of conjunction by next Monday . "
Duringconjunction , rover handlers do n't expect to send many new commands to Spiritand Opportunity , but the robots are expected to send home daily reports toEarth and conduct science observations .
Missionhandlers at JPL , in the meantime , are taking advantage of the low activityperiod for some much needed rest , Mapijevic said .
" I feelquite privileged to have , in my work time , seen this milestone , " he added .
" Thisperiod is kind of like the wildest imagination I could have had . "
The cost of producing solar panels could be sliced by more than 60 % thanks to technology being developed by Australian researchers , physicists heard today .
Professor Andrew Blakers , director of the Centre for Sustainable Energy Systems at the Australian National University , says ' sliver technology ' could reduce the price of solar power to below the current retail price of electricity .
And he says this could make it cost - effective for householders to buy solar panels rather than electricity from the grid .
Blakers describes the latest refinements in the technology at the Australian Institute of Physics conference in Brisbane .
The system works by taking a standard solar cell about 1 millimetre thick and cutting it into tiny slices that are just 120 micrometres wide .
" Imagine a standard solar cell is a loaf of bread .
When you put it out in the sun it generates energy based on its surface area , " Blakers says .
" Now imagine you cut that loaf up into slices and lay them horizontally .
You get a lot more surface area .
" This technique allows researchers to use much smaller amounts of expensive silicon to generate the same amount of electricity .
This can also keep manufacturing costs down , as all the processing steps normally carried out on solar cells are done while the slices are still in the ' loaf ' .
"
We 're looking at major reductions in the total cost without the need for major scientific breakthroughs , " Blakers says .
" It 's about doing a good engineering job using known scientific principles , in contrast to some other technologies .
" The sliver technology is also efficient at converting sunlight to electricity , he says .
In recent months , the researchers have achieved efficiencies over 20 % , making it the world 's most efficient commercial thin - film solar cell .
But further developments would be needed , such as figuring out how to cut thinner slivers , he says .
Blakers invented the technology with colleague Dr Klaus Weber and developed it with funding from energy supplier Origin Energy and the Australian Research Council Blakers and Weber won the Australian Institute of Physics ' Walsh Medal for their work .
The investigation into actor Heath Ledger ’s death Monday as a possible drug overdose is bringing attention to a nationwide health crisis :
Overdose fatalities have risen dramatically in the United States since 1999 , largely because of prescription drugs .
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , unintentional poisoning deaths -- 95 % of which are drug overdoses -- increased from 12,186 in 1999 to 20,950 in 2004 .
And during that time , prescription drugs overtook cocaine and heroin combined as the leading cause of lethal overdoses , said Dr. Len Paulozzi , a CDC injury prevention expert .
Overdose deaths have been increasing since the early 1990s .
But the recent rise has been so dramatic that it is driving the first sustained increase in 25 years in the nation ’s overall injury death rate , Paulozzi wrote in a study published last month .
Advertisement
Drug treatment experts say they doubt that most people realize the seriousness of the problem .
Because prescription drugs are n’t street drugs , people think they do n’t have the same risk , said John P. Walters , director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy .
Walters unveiled an advertising campaign Thursday to target prescription drug abuse by teenagers .
The first television ad will be broadcast Feb. 3 during the Super Bowl .
The campaign was originally scheduled to be announced Wednesday , but , not wanting to appear opportunistic , the agency postponed the announcement by a day after Ledger was found dead in his New York apartment .
Sleeping pills and other prescription drugs , including antidepressants , were found in Ledger ’s apartment , accord - ing to a police spokesman .
An autopsy was inconclusive and toxicology tests are pending .
Advertisement
The great majority of overdose deaths are due to opioid painkillers , including oxycodone , fentanyl and methadone ( in pill form rather than the liquid dispensed for recovering heroin addicts ) , which control pain but also reduce respiratory function .
Too high a dose , when not increased gradually under careful supervision , can shut down breathing .
However , unintentional poisoning deaths involving other psychotherapeutic drugs , including sleeping pills , antidepressants and tranquilizers , grew 84 % from 1999 to 2004 , according to the CDC study .
Headline - grabbing overdose deaths like that of Anna Nicole Smith are the tip of the iceberg , experts say .
From 1992 to 2003 , the number of Americans who admitted to using prescription drugs for non-medical reasons almost doubled , from 7.8 million to 15.1 million , and abuse among teens more than tripled , according to a survey by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University in New York .
Advertisement
“ When you look back at it , the train is coming down the track at you , ” said Mark Kleiman , a UCLA professor of public policy .
“ I have to say that most of us were asleep at the switch . ”
Prescription drug sales have soared nearly 500 % since 1990 .
Experts attribute the rise in the use of painkillers in part to recognition among medical experts that pain was under - treated in the past .
But they also cite direct marketing to consumers .
Advertisement
“ The marketing of pharmaceuticals that we ’ve seen on television in the last 10 years -- the whole ‘ get some medicine for whatever you need ’ attitude -- has really increased the acceptability of prescription drugs , ” said Richard A. Rawson , a UCLA professor of psychiatry and associate director of its Integrated Substance Abuse Programs .
Most media accounts of Ledger ’s death , Rawson said , reported that no illegal drugs were found in the apartment .
Such distinctions may lead the public to assume that the medications that were found were harmless .
“ There ’s a stigma that ’s associated with illicit drugs that is n’t associated with legal drugs , ” he said .
Brad Keith , founder of Axis Residential Treatment in Los Angeles , said prescription drugs and especially painkillers have become so easy to obtain that they are the leading drugs of choice for his clients .
Advertisement
Keith said doctors should be more careful about the quantity and kinds of drugs they prescribe .
Elvin Berrios , manager of Liberty House , a sober - living house in Century City , said more of his clients were getting prescription drugs online , often from little - regulated sites based overseas :
“ They can buy what they want and as much as they want and it arrives on their doorstep . ”
It is illegal to possess controlled substances without a prescription .
But response from state and federal governments and pharmaceutical companies has been limited .
In 2004 , the Bush administration introduced an effort to control prescription - drug abuse that focused on reducing sales of narcotic medications online or by doctors who write pain prescriptions too freely .
Advertisement
Makers of prescription drugs -- including Abbott Laboratories Inc. , Hoffmann - La Roche Inc. and Pfizer Inc. -- say they have instituted public awareness campaigns about the dangers of prescription drug abuse , including giving doctors and parents brochures about monitoring the pills .
The new White House campaign is aimed at the parents of teenagers , Walters said .
He cited surveys showing that most teenagers who abuse prescription drugs get them from the medicine cabinets of their parents or friends ’ parents .
Parents have no idea it ’s a problem , he said .
“ We want people to have access to pain relief that ’s changed people ’s lives for the better , ” Walters said .
Advertisement
“ We do n’t want them to fear beneficial medications .
But we want them to control them , to dispose of them when they ’re done with them and to talk with their kids . ”
--
mary.engel@latimes.com
daniel.costello@latimes.com
The United States had approved the sale of M - 26’s to Israel some time ago , but the weapons had not yet been delivered when the crisis in Lebanon erupted .
If the shipment is approved , Israel may be told that it must be especially careful about firing the rockets into populated areas , the senior official said .
Israel has long told American officials that it wanted M - 26 rockets for use against conventional armies in case Israel was invaded , one of the American officials said .
But after being pressed in recent days on what they intended to use the weapons for , Israeli officials disclosed that they planned to use them against rocket sites in Lebanon .
It was this prospect that raised the intense concerns over civilian casualties .
During much of the 1980’s , the United States maintained a moratorium on selling cluster munitions to Israel , following disclosures that civilians in Lebanon had been killed with the weapons during the 1982 Israeli invasion .
But the moratorium was lifted late in the Reagan administration , and since then , the United States has sold Israel some types of cluster munitions , the senior official said .
Officials would discuss the issue only on the condition of anonymity , as the debate over what to do is not resolved and is freighted with implications for the difficult diplomacy that is under way .
State Department officials “ are discussing whether or not there needs to be a block on this sale because of the past history and because of the current circumstances , ” said the senior official , adding that it was likely that Israel will get the rockets , but will be told to be “ be careful . ”
Pregnant Gwen 's Broken FingerHeavily pregnant pop star Gwen Stefani has broken her finger after a nasty accident involving a sewing machine .
The No Doubt singer , who is due to give birth to her first baby next month ( 06 ) , has been spotted sporting a splint and cast after an attempt at dress - making went wrong .
But Stefani has n't let her injury stop her from living life to the full - she was seen having her nails done at Los Angeles nail salon Nails R Us on Thursday ( 11MAY06 ) and later holding hands with her husband , British musician Gavin Rossdale .
Tagged in Gwen Stefani
Security cameras could watch over the speed cameras
It is among the measures being considered by the Lothian and Borders Safety Camera Partnership .
There have been seven camera attacks in just three years , with machines being set alight , damaged or pulled over .
Cameras on the A68 , A1 and the A697 in Berwickshire have all been targeted prompting the partnership to look at ways of increasing security .
There are companies there who would provide us with CCTV coverage - the cameras looking after the cameras kind of thing
Colin McNeil
Lothian and Borders Safety Camera Partnership
Colin McNeil , who heads the group , said that each attack had a significant impact .
" Every time it happens it is inconvenient , it is costly and it is a crime , " he said .
" It is obviously something that we are concerned about to such a degree that we are now looking at potential ways of monitoring sites . "
One option is to have cameras trained upon the cameras .
" There are companies there who would provide us with CCTV coverage of the cameras themselves - the cameras looking after the cameras kind of thing , " said Mr McNeil .
" We need to evaluate that on a cost basis and evaluate properly before we even consider it . "
If approved , the cameras would be installed at sites where there have been particular problems in the past .
mindfulness
05:57 pm - Attachment - Ajahn Brahmavamso
" Attach without fear to your precepts , your meditation object and to the path for it will lead to Nibbana .
" NAMO TASSA BHAGAVATO ARAHATO SAMMASAMBUDDHASSA
Probably the most misunderstood term in Western Buddhist circles is that usually translated as ' attachment ' .
Too many have got it into their head that they should n't be attached to anything .
Thus jokes abound such as the one on why the houses of Buddhists have dirt in the corners - because they do n't allow even their vacuum cleaner any attachments .
Some misguided pseudo - Buddhists criticise those living a moral life as being attached to their precepts and thus praise immoral action as a sign of deep wisdom .
Bah !
Others in traditional Buddhist circles create fear of deep meditation by incorrectly stating that you will only get attached to the Jhanas .
It all goes too far .
Perhaps the pinnacle of mischievous misinformation was said by Rajneesh who claimed " I am so detached , I am not even attached to detachment " and thus conveniently excused all his excesses .
The Pali work in question is UPADANA , literally meaning ' a taking up ' .
It is commonly used indicating a ' fuel ' , which sustains a process , such as the oil in a lamp being the fuel / upadana for the flame .
It is related to craving ( TANHA ) .
For example , craving is reaching out for the delicious cup of coffee , Upadana is picking it up .
Even though you think that you can easily put the cup of coffee down again , though your hand is not superglued to the cup , it is still Upadana .
You have picked it up .
You have grasped .
Fortunately not all Upadana is un-Buddhist .
The Lord Buddha only specified four groups of Upadana : ' taking up ' the five senses , ' taking up ' wrong views , ' taking up ' the idea that liberation may be attained simply through rites and initiations , and ' taking up ' the view of a self .
There are many other things that one may ' take up ' or grasp , but the point is that only these four groups lead to rebirth , only these four are fuel for future existence and further suffering , only these four are to be avoided .
Thus taking up the practice of compassion , taking up the practice of the Five Precepts or the greater precepts of a monk or nun , and taking up the practice of meditation - these are not un-Buddhist and it is mischievous to discourage them by calling them ' attachments ' .
Keeping the Five Precepts is , in fact , a letting go of coarse desires like lust , greed and violence .
Practising compassion is a letting go of self - centredness and practising meditation is letting go of past , future , thinking and much else .
The achievement of Jhana is no more than the letting go of the world of the five senses to gain access to the mind .
Nibbana is the letting go once and for all of greed , hatred and delusion , the seeds of rebirth .
Parinibbana is the final letting go of body and mind ( the Five Khandhas ) .
It is wrong to suggest that any of these stages of letting go are the same as attachment .
The path is like a ladder .
One grasps the rung above and lets go of the rung below to pull oneself up .
Soon , the rung just grasped is the rung one is now standing on .
Now is the time to let go of that rung as one grasps an even higher rung to raise oneself further .
If one never grasped anything , one would remain spiritually stupid .
To those without wisdom , letting go may often appear as attachment .
For example a bird on the branch of a tree at night appears to be attaching firmly to the branch , but it has actually let go and is fully asleep .
When a bird lets go and the muscles around its claws begin to relax they close on the branch .
The more it relaxes , the more the claws tighten .
That 's why you never see a bird fall off a perch even when they are asleep .
It may look like attachment but , in fact , it is letting go .
Letting go often leads to stillness , not moving from where you are , which is why it is sometimes mistaken as attachment .
So do n't be put off by well - meaning but misinformed L - plate Buddhists who have completely misunderstood Upadana and attachment .
Attach without fear to your precepts , your meditation object and to the path for it will lead to Nibbana .
And do n't forget to purchase the attachments for your vacuum cleaner too ! "
Ajahn Brahmavamso , BSWA Newsletter , December 1999
http://www.bswa.org/modules/icontent/index.php?page=50
Further reading - " Travelogue to the four jhanas " also by Ajahn Brahmavamso is here
This is quite different to what I frequently read here and in other places , but at the same time consistent with other teachings .
Is this a doctrinal difference between different schools ?
I 'm pretty happy with fully mindful ' attachment ' to what the Ajahn sets out myself , but discussion on this is very welcome .
I 've been meaning to post this for awhile , but today has been timely for both my posts .
May all beings be free from suffering .
From : ex_zarathus 122 Date : December 30th , 2005 08:59 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
This is a fantastic post ...
I thought I already had a good gist of attachment ... perhaps
I 've got to stop worrying so much about attachment to get rid of it ?
Mmm. Interesting .
Thank you .
Metta . Reply ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 30th , 2005 11:34 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
You 're welcome and thanks for the feedback .
As for your question , rhetorical as it might be , I try to rather than worry , be mindful of the impermanent , non-self and suffering nature of my desires and express loving - kindness to my experience of them , and turn to other things .
At least , that 's the plan .
Metta . Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : ex_zarathus 122 Date : December 30th , 2005 11:38 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
Expressing loving kindess to the experience of attachment , for teaching you how to be free of attachment and transcend suffering ?
Brilliant .
I hope I got that right ... did I ? Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 30th , 2005 11:42 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Sounds right to me .
I 'll show you a pg version of my mental dialogue .
" Grrr %$ % !!!!!
Oh , anger again
* loves anger *
* loves my experience of it and me *
* knows it will pass , is n't me etc *
Now to other stuff ... "
I 've been getting into metta meditation a bit lately .
Soothes the savage beast .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : ex_zarathus 122 Date : December 30th , 2005 11:45 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) :)
Oh my , the smile that is on my face now is quite sublime .
You 're just too cool not to do this :
Friend you on LJ ?
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 30th , 2005 11:58 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
Yay for sublime smiles !
And , hey , I do uncool equally well .
And sure , you 're welcome to friend me .
I do n't actually do a personal me talking journal , but the content of my journal is basically a lot of quotes from books I like and poem and once in a blue moon a political thing .
And I do n't friend people back .
livejournal is solely for research and therapy for me .
Sounds a bit rude and it'd be nice to be more social here , but them 's the rules I set myself for my therapy to work ( and i need therapy ) ..
That said I like to chat in comments and stuff and will check out people 's journals occaisionally , so it'd be cool to be friended .
It 's never easy to write that .
Usually I just say ' check out my user info '. :-)
Metta Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : ex_zarathus 122 Date : December 30th , 2005 12:02 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Works for me :)
Thanks .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 30th , 2005 11:36 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Oh , and the credit must go to Ajahn Brahmavamso .
He 's a great teacher and pretty entertaining too .
I 've gotten a lot out of his mp3 dhamma talks at http://www.bswa.org/
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : nagasena Date : December 30th , 2005 12:08 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) I love Ajahn Brahm .
Have you picked up a copy of Who Ordered this Pile of Dung ?
It 's fantastic and full of funny , heart - warming wisdom .
metta ! Reply ) ( Thread From : vegan27 Date : December 30th , 2005 02:32 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
You 're just attached to understanding Buddhism correctly !!
I understand TRUE non-attachment , so I 'm going to drink some alcohol and kill some animals now . :P
( Just kidding , everyone ... )
Seriously , I 'm very happy that Ajahn Brahm wrote this . :)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 30th , 2005 06:23 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Hahahahaha .
You make me smile !
Thanks .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 30th , 2005 06:22 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
I have n't heard of it , but my curiosity is piqued .
Thanks for mentioning the ( great ) title .
Metta Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : gillan Date : December 30th , 2005 02:28 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Thanks !
Great read !
I think attachment to meditation and to the teachings is possible , and is bad , but is different from what he 's talking about - it would likely be something akin to obsession .
Can he say that meditating for hours on end until it begins to affect one 's physical health is n't attachment ?
Can he say that being so attached to the precepts that one finds no room for exceptions in them is n't attachment ?
And are either of these positive ?
No fucking way .
And anyone who uses " detachment from detachment " as a way of excusing excesses is just being a doofus .
I think what the author is talking about here is n't attachment at all , but is simply the Middle Way .
Reply ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 30th , 2005 06:37 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Oh yeah those are pretty unreasonable scenarios , unless of course you 're a monk who does that sort of thing extreme Buddhist sports sort of thing .
* shrugs * .
Which reminds me of the movie Samsara .
I think it would be attachment intelligently and compassionately to the idea and practice of meditation and the precepts .
For example , I 'm very attached to concentration meditation , but I do n't do it regularly due to my health and so focus on mindfulness for now , but I know concentration would be good for me .
I think it would be good for everyone , but I do n't tell everyone I meet that .
There 's mindful attachment and then there 's obsession .
As for what he 's talking about , and what you are talking about regarding definitions , well I 'm not sure where the Venn diagrams overlap and where they do n't .
I just keep thinking there 's ranges of attachment .
There 's creepy stalkerish attachment and there 's mindful compassionate attachment .
I 'm happy with experiencing the latter .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : gillan Date : December 30th , 2005 07:05 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Yeah , I am too .
I just wonder if " mindful compassionate attachment " is really the same attachment we 're talking about with the 2nd Noble Truth , and if it 's not , then why call it attachment at all ?
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 31st , 2005 05:36 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
Good point and this is where the language has tricked me .
They are two different words .
In the 2nd Noble Truth , the word used is tanha or craving , while attachment is upadana .
In the Dependent Origination thing it says " With Craving ( Tanha ) as condition , Clinging ( Upadana ) arises " so one precedes the other .
The nuances of their difference I 'm not fluent with yet .
I 've often read " Tanha is like a thief putting out his hand to steal an object ; upadana is when he grasps hold of the object " but that 's only some help for me in understanding .
I 've created in my mind a whole lot of mental associations with the word attachment , and I 'm still unreeling them slowly .
If you 've got any ideas I 'm damn interested and also it might be worth asking in the main community as there are language scholars and other people who might have great explanations .
I 've got some ideas that a healthy attachment would be grasping without craving .
Habitual usage without being emotionally shattered if the habit must change .
This does n't apply to the four attachments the Buddha outlined however .
These just delude the mind .
and of course attachment to the five senses covers a lot of ground .
Thanks for making me think before breakfast !
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : notfromvenus Date : December 31st , 2005 04:14 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) that sort of thing extreme Buddhist sports sort of thing .
Like meditating upside - down while hanging off the edge of the Empire State Building ? ;)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 31st , 2005 05:37 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
With a dozen scorpions placed in your pockets ! :-)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : ex_qlippoth737 Date : December 30th , 2005 03:27 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) i just wanted to show my appreciation to you for being someone who embraces truth wherever it is found .
thank you for sharing and best wishes to you !
Reply ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : December 30th , 2005 06:44 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
You 're very welcome and thanks heaps for the kind words .
I read today in an online profile someone wrote under ' vices ' one word - curiosity .
I kachinged with empathy .
So your words have meant a lot to me .
Things you 've written here and in theravadins have been quite enlightening for me .
Best wishes to you too . :-)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : dangerbabies Date : December 31st , 2005 08:21 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) thank you for posting this !
it 's perfectly timely , because lately i've been saying " TO HELL WITH IT !
I AM ATTACHED TO COMPASSION ! IS THAT SO BAD ?! "
i didnt get to read all of it , but i will come back soon !
thanks again .
you post a lot of good - spirited things that i enjoy reading .
Reply ) ( Thread From : mindfulness Date : January 1st , 2006 04:50 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Hehehehe .
Sounds great regarding the compassion .
And you 're very welcome .
Thanks for the feedback .
I need the good - spirited influences myself so when I find something I like I often wonder if it 's something I can share Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread ( Deleted comment ) From : mindfulness Date : January 1st , 2006 04:59 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
That 's a great metaphor , and your thoughts on compassion sound spot on to me .
Thanks for sharing it .
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread
I went to a museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums .
A few days ago I wondered how spammers had found my newly created Gmail account .
I received some interesting feedback .
Perry E. Metzger writes ( this and the other message quoted with permission ) :
If you ran email systems , like I do , you would know that they are inundated constantly with guessing attacks .
One would try blocking these , but they 're always launched from zombie machines and any given zombie rarely does more than a trivial number of iterations ...
Charlie McMackin :
I noticed this a while back when I started getting spam at the exact times I was browsing Myspace .
If I had been to gmail once during my browser session or if gmail was open in another tab , I would get spam .
Upon a quick look at the cookie info , if one has the gmail - chat feature enabled , you can see your email in pristine plain text form ready for harvesting .
Of course I 'm not absolutely positive , I just thought the correlation of getting spam only while I was using gmail or had used it once to be quite suspicous .
HAVING REFUSED a third term as president , George Washington offered the nation a farewell address in 1796 , urging Americans to cherish the Union and to avoid the “ baneful effects ” of political partisanship .
Successors such as Thomas Jefferson warned against the formation of an “ unnatural ” aristocracy of men who inherited great fortunes and political office .
Both of these warnings have been overlooked in the debate over Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s 2008 presidential run .
But if she secures the Democratic nomination , wins and serves two terms , by 2017 the United States will have been governed by either a Bush or a Clinton for 28 years .
That ’s three decades governed not just by the same two families but much of the same supporting staff .
As Dick Cheney is a name familiar to both Bush presidencies ( as George H.W. Bush ’s secretary of Defense and his son ’s vice president ) , so too may a Hillary Clinton presidency resuscitate familiar names such as Harold Ickes , Paul Begala and James Carville .
And it might not end there .
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , encouraged by Republican leaders and the current president ( who said , “ I would like to see Jeb run at some point ” ) , has not ruled out a White House bid or a vice presidential slot on the ticket in 2012 or 2016 .
If Washington ’s caustic , partisan atmosphere is to change , the era of Bushes and Clintons needs to end in 2008 .
Advertisement
Three times in American history have close relatives of former presidents won the office .
John Quincy Adams , son of John Adams , lost the popular vote to Andrew Jackson in 1824 but won in the electoral college amid charges of a “ corrupt bargain . ”
Benjamin Harrison , grandson of William Henry Harrison , lost the popular vote to Grover Cleveland in 1888 and also suffered as a “ minority president ” and mere figurehead .
George W. Bush lost the popular vote to Al Gore in 2000 .
Recent polls suggest that a significant body of Americans , perhaps 40 % , will not vote for Hillary Clinton under any circumstances -- so it is unlikely that she could enter the Oval Office with a strong electoral mandate .
The ironic upshot is that such a Hillary Clinton presidency -- weakened by low approval and beset by partisan sniping -- would mirror George W. Bush ’s presidency .
That the Bush ’s administration has been consumed by political partisanship comes as no surprise to students of history .
From the time of John Quincy Adams -- whose term in office marked the end of the Era of Good Feelings -- the children , grandchildren and spouses of presidents engender exceptional hostility when they seek office themselves .
For all their personal capacities , the latter Adams , Harrison and Bush -- like Hillary Clinton -- inherited their claims to the presidency .
George W. Bush would not be president today were his name not George Bush , nor Hillary a senator from New York absent the Clinton name .
This nation ’s traditional commitment to meritocracy inclines many to reject these “ unnatural ” aristocrats , who never garner widespread popularity .
Minority and bare - majority presidents are weak leaders because nothing undergirds presidential power like an election mandate .
The strongest post - World War II presidents -- Dwight Eisenhower , Lyndon Johnson and Ronald Reagan -- were also its most popular .
( Eisenhower and Johnson won at least 55 % of the vote ; Reagan polled just over 50 % in 1980 with independent John Anderson in the race , then 59 % in 1984 . )
Presidencies enveloped by partisanship -- Harry Truman , Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton -- were made of men who won office on the barest of majorities or pluralities ( Truman won 49.6 % of the popular vote in 1948 ; Carter won 50.1 % in 1976 ; Clinton won 43 % and 50 % in 1992 and 1996 ) .
Advertisement
Pundits compare 2006 to the late Nixon years , with a country disillusioned by war and a deep distrust of its political leadership .
In one of his last interviews , former President Ford lamented the “ extreme partisanship that exists in the nation ’s capital today , ” suggesting that partisanship is even worse than in the post - Watergate era he inherited .
The nation needs today , as it got in Ford then , a president respected by both Republicans and Democrats who can restore trust in politics .
It needs new faces and new ideas if it is to confront advancing crises of war , debt and entitlement reform .
And it needs a president who can assume office in 2009 swimming in the political capital that only a mandate can bring .
The nation needs a candidate who can win 55 % or more .
And that will not happen with a Bush or Clinton on the ballot .
[ Image : Unfilled tunnels a weak link at border , Don Bartletti / LAT , 2007 . ]
Los Angles Times
[ Image : Unfilled tunnels a weak link at border , Don Bartletti / LAT , 2007 . ]
[ Image : Unfilled tunnels a weak link at border , Don Bartletti / LAT , 2007 . ]
[ Image : Unfilled tunnels a weak link at border , Don Bartletti / LAT , 2007 . ]
[ Image : Unfilled tunnels a weak link at border , Don Bartletti / LAT , 2007 . ]
Among the unfilled passages :
• The so - called Grande Tunnel connecting warehouses in San Diego and Tijuana .
Nearly half a mile long , the tunnel was discovered in January 2006 and attracted global media attention as well as groups of local and national politicians , who were given tours of its cave - like depths .
The tunnel prompted Feinstein to propose legislation outlawing the construction of tunnels under the border .
• The 1,400 - foot tunnel called the " Taj Mahal " because of its lighting system and reinforced concrete walls .
The tunnel was discovered in 1993 .
Five years later , authorities suspected the passage had been reentered after 33 illegal immigrants were found covered in mud near the opening .
A metal lid over the tunnel opening had been cut .
Border Patrol agents say they never determined for sure if the passage was reused .
• Two long tunnels leading from Mexicali , Mexico , to a quiet residential area in Calexico , Calif .
One of them , discovered in 2005 , was equipped with a ventilation system , phone line and video surveillance equipment .
Richard Marosi has written another super - informative article in theas he watches over the smuggler tunnels under the U.S. - Mexico border .
If you did n’t read his previous article on militarizing the tunnels , which I relayed earlier , go read it now for more background .
With regards to sealing them , or filling them , so that smugglers cannot use the tunnels again , let me pass on the gist of what he says ( forgive me while I cut - n - paste large chunks of his article below ) :
Seven of the largest tunnels discovered under the U.S. - Mexico border in recent years have yet to be filled .
One of which is the longest yet found and extends nearly half a mile from San Diego to Tijuana .
There ’s another sophisticated passageway , he says , once known as the Taj Mahal of tunnels , which has been sitting unfilled for 13 years .
Filling the seven tunnels would cost about $ 2.7 million , according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials .
After the Department of Homeland Security was created in 2003 , the responsibility for filling tunnels was assigned to one agency : Customs and Border Protection .
An agency spokesman , said the CBP is trying to find money in its budget to complete the work .
The 2007 budget for them , Marosi reports , is $ 7.8 billion .
In recent years nearly 50 tunnels have been discovered running under the border from San Diego to Arizona .
Most are small , crudely constructed passages — called gopher holes — that are easily destroyed .
For the larger passages , concrete plugs , Marosi tells us , usually close off the tunnels where crossers slip under the border at main entrance and exit points – still the areas in between remain largely intact .
However , smugglers have used this concrete as re-purposed material for fortifying their own branch - off tunnels , and even just as markers of directions to dig away from .
The tunnelers ' continued success has forced U.S. authorities to team with structural and civil engineers and geologists , who have devised a special type of concrete that they hope will cave in if smugglers use it for subterranean structural support .
He then cites a couple of different instances of tunnels which have been used , filled , and re-used multiple times over the last few years , under private properties in and around Nogales ( see video in this article ) .
And be sure to watch the video in Marosi 's piece for a little murky claustrophobic effect .
( Even if it is a little anti-climatic for 29 seconds ' worth of tunnel feed .
Sorry , I 'm just obsessed . )
Rich Yasick / iStock
We all know recycling is the right thing to do .
It keeps trash out of our landfills , saves energy , preserves natural resources and wildlife , and reduces our carbon footprint .
And plenty of people do it :
In 1980 , recycling and composting kept 14.5 million tons of trash from landfills and incinerators in the United States .
By 2013 , that number had reached 87.2 million tons .
That 's a big leap , but it still accounts for only 34.3 percent of the stuff we discard nationwide every year .
In other words , we could do better .
Here are six ways we can move closer to a zero - waste world as we continue to cart our blue and green cans to the curb .
Learn the basics .
" The power of a lot of people acting correctly is the most important thing , " says Darby Hoover , an NRDC senior resource specialist .
" People need to familiarize themselves with community guidelines . "
What you can recycle ( takeout containers ? direct mail ? ) and how you should do it ( curbside ? drop - off centers ? ) vary greatly from city to city and state to state .
Visit your municipality 's website to learn more about your local recycling rules and options — and do n't forget to check whether your community collects food or yard waste for composting , as well .
Buy recycled .
Make sure the products you purchase ( and the packaging they come in ) are recyclable , and when possible , choose products that contain recycled materials .
" If you purchase products that have recycled content , you 're closing the recycling loop and making sure the cycle continues , " Hoover says .
You also incentivize manufacturers and businesses to use more postconsumer waste and fewer virgin materials .
Get your coworkers to recycle more .
Learn what 's recyclable in your workplace .
Make sure recycling bins are clearly marked and that everybody understands recycling procedures .
Advocate for buying in bulk and for purchasing products made from recycled content that come in recycled packaging .
Make sure electronic waste is handled by an E - Stewards - certified company , and explore other ways waste can be recycled .
If your business has a contract with a recycling hauler , look into the possibility of reducing expenses by collecting high - value materials , such as office paper , separately .
" Offices are often surprised to find the materials they throw away have value , " Hoover says .
Find ways to eliminate waste before it shows up , too , by offering filtered water and replacing disposable plates and cutlery with reusable options .
Raise community awareness .
" Schools are great places to educate about recycling , " Hoover says .
If you are a parent , teacher , or student , get the other members of your community involved in an informal waste audit :
Take a look in a school trash bin and ask what 's there and how and if it can be recycled or composted .
Plan a community tour of your local materials recovery facility , recycling center , or landfill .
" Seeing what happens to the items you put in the recycling or garbage bin really enforces that there 's no such thing as throwing things away , " Hoover says .
" There is no ' away . '
The items we discard end up somewhere . "
If municipal composting is n't available where you live , start a community compost pile for food and yard waste .
Reduce , reuse , and rethink before recycling .
Recycling waste materials is better than landfilling them , but the best option is to not generate them at all .
Reduce waste by buying in bulk , using reusable shopping bags and water bottles , and tossing out less food .
Reuse clothing and other unwanted items by donating them to community organizations like homeless shelters , thrift stores , and animal shelters .
And rethink what you typically throw out — like grass clippings , which can be left on your lawn to condition and fertilize the soil .
Cutting down on waste could even save you money , since a growing number of communities have " pay as you throw " programs that charge a waste collection fee based on the size of your garbage can .
Support extended producer responsibility laws .
When producers are responsible for the entire life cycle of the items they make , they 're more apt to use environmentally safe and recyclable materials and to reduce the amount of those materials .
By supporting legislation that holds manufacturers financially accountable , you encourage the design of better and more recyclable goods and ensure that producers pay their fair share of the costs of recycling .
Partly motivated by his increasing brushes with psychosis , by the early 1970s , Philip K. Dick was struggling with increasing doubts over the nature of reality and personal identity .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , characters with unstable worlds and existential doubts are a familiar focus of his work .
Dick was interested in more than just description however , and often used his novels to explore personal theories of existence .
During his research , he discovered the work of Roger Sperry , who had rocked the foundations of neuroscience by discovering that when separated , the hemispheres of the brain seemed , at least to some degree , independently conscious .
Worried about his own perception of reality , Dick considered that this could explain his increasing feelings of alienation and self - detachment .
These reflections resulted in A Scanner Darkly , a partly autobiographical near - future novel that remains an incisive commentary on society , psychosis and the brain .
Ostensibly , the novel is about an undercover cop , attempting to track the mysterious source of the dangerously addictive ‘ Substance D’. During the day , Dick ’s protagonist lives as Bob Arctor , a user and drop - out who spends his time chasing the next fix and discussing drug - addled schemes with his similarly addicted housemates .
When not undercover , Arctor becomes agent S.A. Fred , reporting his findings and reviewing recordings from surveillance scanners placed to gather evidence on friends and associates .
Unusually for works of science - fiction , much of the book ’s setting was lifted directly from the author ’s own life .
In a letter to a friend , he admitted descending “ into the gutter of near - illegal life : narcotics and guns and knives and oh so many crimes … not so much that I did them but that I surrounded myself with those who did ” ( Sutin , 1991 , p202 ) .
Dick was a sharp observer though , and his characters depict the rough language and petty politics of his dubious peers with considerable insight .
Not surprisingly , the individuals and episodes on which the book centres are vividly portrayed .
This detailed observation can be seen right from the opening of the book , where Charles Freck and Jerry Fabin believe themselves to be infested with ‘ aphids ’ which they are attempting to capture in a glass jar for medical analysis .
To the envy of most academic textbooks , these pages contain a detailed account of delusional parasitosis , a form of psychosis often brought on by stimulant drug abuse .
In this condition ( also known as Ekbom ’s syndrome ) sufferers believe themselves to be infested with parasites and are often detected by the so - called ‘ matchbox sign ’ , where sufferers present doctors with supposedly captured ‘ parasites ’ in a matchbox or similar container ( Enoch and Ball , 1999 ) .
Apart from these carefully observed vignettes of drug use and its consequences however , A Scanner Darkly is notable as a study on the separation and fracturing of self - consciousness .
Dick explores this by setting up a society so awash with drugs , that the mysterious cartels have infiltrated all levels of government .
As a protective measure , agents must keep their identity secret from both sides .
When with their colleagues , they must wear ‘ scramble suits ’ that project a constantly changing external appearance generated from a database of stored images .
As a further measure , agents must report on their own undercover selves , so , by omission , their reports do not inadvertently give away their identity .
By the nature of his job , the novel ’s protagonist is in the unenviable position of never feeling entirely grounded in a single identity , a feeling exacerbated by the fact he is frequently required to view himself in the third person when watching surveillance tapes .
By this literary device , Dick manages to capture the feeling of existential detachment that appears in many of the descriptive accounts of psychosis , reflecting the original sense of Eugene Bleuler ’s ‘ schizophrenia ’ ( meaning literally , ‘ split mind ’ ) .
Recent studies on the phenomenology of psychosis show similar striking parallels .
Stanghellini’s ( 2004 ) recent book captures both the psychotic state and the protagonist ’s dilemma with equal clarity , when he describes the breakdown of self - consciousness as including :
“ disorders of the demarcation between me and not - me ( ‘ It is not me who is seeing that object over there – I am that object ’ ) , anomalous experiences of unity in the present moment ( ‘ I feel like I am two persons at the same time ’ ) and of one ’s continuing identity across time ( ‘ Time and especially my own actions are fragmented ’ ) , and finally the loss of myness of one ’s own experiences ( ‘ It is not me who is doing this actions or having this perception ’ ) ” ( Stanghellini , 2004 , p150 ) .
With this in mind , perhaps science - fiction can be thought of as a natural home for a literary treatment of psychosis , as high technology is often invoked in complex delusional systems as a way of explaining strange and otherwise inexplicable experiences .
In fact , Stanghellini seems to pay the genre an unintended complement by co-opting the language of science - fiction when naming one of his chapters ‘ Cyborgs and Scanners ’ .
For its insight into altered states , Philip K . Dick ’s writing is especially noteworthy however ; he was highly knowledgeable about mental illness , not only from his own experience – he regularly saw a psychiatrist for most of his life – but also through his acquaintance with key texts in psychology and psychiatry ( Carr√®re , 2004 ) .
Consequently , it would be easy to read A Scanner Darkly as a rehash of radical theories of mental illness , particularly those of R.D. Laing and Aaron Esterson ( Laing and Esterson , 1964 ) , who viewed madness as an attempt to reconcile roles that have become irreconcilable in modern life .
However , Dick was not content with simply repeating the fashionable anti-establishment views of the time and attempted an explanation based on an understanding of neuropsychology .
In the novel , Fred ’s mind and brain are regularly tested by police department psychologists , owing to the stress of both maintaining a dual identity , and taking drugs as part of his undercover life .
Dick avoids the off - the - shelf clich√©’s of ink-blots and electric shocks , as the author describes realistic test scenarios and recognisable neuropsychological tests .
Worryingly for Fred , the results of divided visual field and embedded figures tests suggest that his cortical hemispheres are becoming functionally separate , as they gradually lose the ability to communicate and fail to integrate information .
Here , the author melds science - fiction with science - fact , with an inspired reading of Sperry ’s work on split - brain patients .
Dick was fascinated by Sperry ’s discovery that patients with surgically disconnected cerebral hemispheres ( a treatment for otherwise untreatable epilepsy ) seemed to show a dual or partitioned consciousness .
Where previously it was thought that the right side of the brain was largely ‘ silent ’ and relied on the dominant left , new research suggested that each hemisphere “ appeared to be using its own percepts , mental images , associations and ideas ” ( Sperry , 1993 ) .
In Dick ’s novel , ‘ Substance D ’ induces a similar split - brain disconnection ( directly referencing Sperry in some passages ) , providing an explanation for the protagonist ’s increasingly fractionated and incoherent self - consciousness .
Far from being a fantastical notion of a far - flung plot , the idea that psychosis might result from a disengagement of the hemispheres was subsequently discussed in the scientific literature and is still influential today .
Dimond ( 1979 ) for example , compared patients diagnosed with schizophrenia and split - brain patients , arguing that in both conditions “ there is a fundamental failure of in the transfer of information between the two hemispheres ” , suggesting “ split - brain symptoms are present in schizophrenia ” .
Although the resemblances between psychosis and the effects of split - brain operations are no longer regarded so highly , clear evidence for differences in the structure and function of the hemispheres in psychosis remains ( Gur and Chin , 1999 ; Pantelis et al. , 2003 ) .
Perhaps ironically , ideas that many people might have dismissed as imaginative plot , turned out to be reasonable and well informed scientific speculation .
A Scanner Darkly is now being made into a Hollywood film , and although there are high hopes for the adaptation , one of the most touching aspects of the book is likely to be missing from the big screen version .
Dick added an ‘ Author ’s note ’ to the end of the book , dedicating the novel to friends who had been lost to drug abuse , many listed as deceased or disabled by physical or mental illness .
Although he comments that there is no easy moral and avoids the obvious platitudes , he poignantly lists himself among the casualties .
Despite his problems – or perhaps , because of them – there are few novelists who better capture the uncanny unreality and disturbed self concept so characteristic of psychosis .
Although not all of his novels are great literature , Philip K . Dick ’s work is typically overflowing with ideas , reflecting his attempt to integrate a profoundly altered experience of reality with a vast knowledge of the arts and sciences .
Note :
This is a pre-print of an article first published in this month ’s The Psychologist .
I ’ve not seen the film yet , although from what I ’ve heard , the Author ’s Note from the novel is actually included in the movie ’s closing sequence .
Substance D , the drug in Dick ’s novel , is described as being quite amphetamine - like , including its negative effects and consequences ( for example , delusional parasitosis is quite common in amphetamine psychosis ) .
Dick himself was an enthusiastic speed - user at various points in his life and I suspect the name may also be a pointer .
There are two mirror image versions ( stereoisomers ) of the amphetamine molecule : L- amphetamine and D - amphetamine .
L- amphetamine mainly affects the peripheral nervous system whereas D- amphetamine affects the brain and produces the feelings of energy and euphoria that drug users seek .
Although street speed often contains a mixture of L - and D - amphetamine , it ’s the D - amphetamine that ’s the real deal .
References
Butler , A.M. ( 2000 ) The Pocket Essential Philip K Dick .
London : Pocket Essentials .
Carr√®re , E. ( 2004 ) I Am Alive and You Are Dead : A Journey Into the Mind of Philip K. Dick .
( T. Bent , trans . ) .
New York : Metropolitan Books .
Dimond , S.J. ( 1979 ) Disconnection and psychopathology .
In J. Gruzelier and P. Flor - Henry ( eds ) Hemisphere Asymmetries of Function in Psychopathology .
Oxford : Elsevier .
Enoch , D. & Ball , H. ( 2001 ) Ekbom ’s Syndrome ( Delusional parasitosis ) .
In Enoch , D. & Ball , H. Uncommon psychiatric syndromes ( 4th edition ) .
pp209-223 . London : Arnold .
Gur , R.E. & Chin , S. ( 1999 ) Laterality in functional brain imaging studies of schizophrenia .
Schizophrenia Bulletin , 25 , 141-156 .
Laing , R.D. & Esterson , A. ( 1964 ) Sanity , Madness and the Family .
Harmondsworth , Middlesex : Pelican Books .
Pantelis , C. , Velakoulis , D. , McGorry , P.D. , Wood , S.J , Suckling , J. , Phillips , L.J. , Yung , A.R. , Bullmore , E.T , Brewer , W. , Soulsby , B. , Desmond , P. & McGuire , P.K. ( 2003 ) Neuroanatomical abnormalities before and after onset of psychosis : a cross-sectional and longitudinal MRI comparison .
Lancet , 25 , 361 ( 9354 ) , 281-8 .
Sperry , R.W. ( 1993 ) Roger W. Sperry Nobel Lecture , 8 December 1981 .
In T. Fr√§ngsmyr and J. Lindsten ( eds ) Nobel Lectures , Physiology or Medicine 1981 - 1990 .
Singapore : World Scientific Publishing Co .
Stanghellini , G. ( 2004 ) Disembodied Spirits and Deanimated Bodies .
Oxford : Oxford University Press .
Sutin , L. ( 1991 ) Divine Invasions : A Life of Philip K. Dick .
New York : Citadel Press .
Call Congress !
I got this from the CNI .
I agree .
Please let Congress know that Israel ’s Total War on Lebanon ( they hit the Saint Therese Hospital today ) is unacceptable .
Please take a moment to call or email your congressional representatives .
There is a link on the right to congress.org or the below message gives a link .
Update : I am told that the vote was postponed .
All the more reason to call and express your views .
Ask them why we had to evacuate 25,000 Americans if civilian non-combatants are not being put in extreme danger by indiscriminate Israeli bombing ?
Also , support the Arab - American Anti-Discrimination Committee .
( Warning : More graphic photos ) .
ACTION ALERT
Call Your Representative Now !
Oppose Unbalanced Resolution Supporting Israel ’s Attacks on Lebanon and Gaza
House Vote Scheduled for Today
The Council for the National Interest has learned that the House of Representatives will vote sometime today on an unbalanced resolution on the current crisis between Israel , Lebanon and the Palestinians .
The bill , H. Res. 921 [ apparently this number is incorrect ] , includes no criticism of the month of Israeli attacks on civilians and civilian infrastructure in Gaza and Lebanon , which have been carried out with American - made weapons paid for with U.S. taxpayer money .
A Senate version of the bill passed by a voice vote ( meaning there was no recorded vote ) yesterday .
The Council for the National Interest encourages its members to call their member of Congress immediately to express their opposition to this bill for its lack of balance .
You can reach your Representative ’s office by calling the main House switchboard at ( 202 ) 225-3121 or by looking of the number at this website :
The House is scheduled to start at least two hours of debate on the resolution shortly , which you can watch live on C - SPAN .
TALKING POINTS
Israel ’s attacks on innocent civilians and civilian infrastructure in Gaza and Lebanon are a violation of U.S. law , specifically the U.S. Arms Export Control Act and the U.S. Foreign Assistance Act. The U.S. Arms Export Control
Act restricts the use of U.S. weapons to legitimate self - defense and internal policing ; U.S. weapons cannot be used to attack civilians in offensive operations .
The U.S. Foreign Assistance Act prohibits U.S. aid of any kind to a country with a pattern of gross human rights violations .
Israel ’s attacks on civilians and civilian infrastructure in Gaza and Lebanon are examples of collective punishment , which are prohibited under the Geneva Conventions .
Continued Israeli actions against the civilian population of Gaza and Lebanon are not only against U.S. laws and the Geneva Conventions , which Israel has reportedly been given a “ green light ” to continue for another week by the Administration , but they are destroying the American ability to fight the war on terror .
They are also destroying Israel ’s ability to make peace with her neighbors through negotiations , the only real road to security for the state of Israel .
Council for the National Interest Foundation
1250 4th Street SW , Suite WG - 1
Washington , District of Columbia 20024
202-863-2951
www.cnionline.org/.
Worst cars ever made
News
on 08/18/2006
Filed under :on
08/18/2006
We have had some tough competition here .
Surely you may or may not agree with our choice , but here are our winners : Peel Trident , Ford Pinto , Fiat Multipla , Chevrolet Vega and Yugo .
You can check why after the jump .
Yugo ( 1981 - 1991 )
It was the lowest - priced new car of the 80's , produced in Yugoslavia and introduced to US market in 1986 . by Malcolm Bricklin .
It sold very well , but the main reason for that was the price of the car , not it 's reliability or efficiency .
The list of the problems with this car is quite long .
Owners complained basically about everything – engine problems , steering problems , problems with the stereo , problems with the seat belt , problems with the floor .
The car could stall and fail to restart without prior indication or warning .
Since it was so cheap , could we really expect it to work flawlessly ?
Click to enlarge
Ford Pinto ( 1971 -1980 )
Click to enlarge
One of the best selling cars in the 70s is famous for something much worse than a plastic bubble and three wheels .
It was involved in a serious safety scandal .
Ford 's main problem with the Pinto was the fuel tank , which would burst into flames in the event of a rear - end collision .
Of course , Ford management knew all about the problem , so they made a little cost - benefit analysis to decide whether to fix the problem or just to leave it as it was .
You can look at the famous and often mentioned analysis below :
BENEFITS
Savings : 180 burn deaths , 180 serious burn injuries , 2,100 burned vehicles .
Unit Cost : $ 200,000 per death , $ 67,000 per injury , $ 700 per vehicle .
Total Benefit : 180 X ( $ 200,000 ) + 180 X ( $ 67,000 ) + $ 2,100 X ( $ 700 ) = $ 49.5 million .
COSTS
Sales : 11 million cars , 1.5 million light trucks .
Unit Cost : $ 11 per car , $ 11 per truck .
Total Cost : 11,000,000 X ( $ 11 ) + 1,500,000 X ( $ 11 ) = $ 137 million .
As you can see , Ford management came to a conclusion that it was much cheaper to pay the law suits , medical expenses , certain amounts for pain and suffering , in a total amount of $ 49.5 mio .
Comparing it with $ 137 mio. for fixing the tank , it is absolutely logical they decided not to !
Right ?
Peel Trident ( 1964 -1966 )
Click to enlarge
Is it a toy ?
Is it a spaceship ?
No , although it looks like it just popped out of the Cartoon Network channel , it is a real car .
It was made on the Isle of Man , located between England and Ireland , and was released in 1964 .
It is not the only one in this class , and surely it was hard to choose the worst one between Trojan 200 , Bond Bug , B. M. A. Hazelcar , 1942 Peugeot VLV and many others , but we have chosen Peel as our winner .
With it 's charming plastic bubble , 183 cm length and 107 cm width , 90 kg weight and an engine which produces 6.5 horsepower and 75 km/h top speed , the Peel is our champion in it 's microcar category .
Fiat Multipla ( 1997 )
Click to enlarge
Okay , maybe it has got a lot of space , and maybe the performance of the minivan is not all that bad , maybe it is a multipurpose car and maybe some people say that it's a car with the most distinctive design in last ten or twenty years .
But this car is just ugly .
And that is the reason why it is on this list .
Chevrolet Vega ( 1970 - 1974 )
Click to enlarge
Someone once said it was " the car that began rusting on the showroom floor ” .
Owners often complained about corrosion .
The car was literally falling apart .
Things were so bad that someone even reported his car broke in half when he was going on railroad tracks .
Beside the corrosion , it had problems with oil burning , engine overheating and just poor design .
It was just a terrible car .
Share with : Delicious reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Prev : JCB Dieselmax exceeds 300 mph Next : Revised Kia flagship hits showrooms
Your Comments
Mars rover suffers arm problem Posted : Tue , Dec 6 , 2005 , 7:39 AM ET ( 1239 GMT )
One of the twin Mars Exploration Rovers that have been exploring the surface of Mars for nearly two years is currently unable to move its experiment arm , a problem that could significantly limit the amount of science it can do .
Project officials said Monday that the robot arm on the Opportunity rover stopped moving about ten days ago because of a problem in the arm 's shoulder joint .
Engineers do n't know why the joint is n't moving , although it does not appear to be blocked by anything .
An " A team " of engineers is working on the issue to either fix the joint or at least allow the joint to move once more , putting the arm out in an extended position that would allow scientists to use the instruments mounted on the end of the arm .
The arm on Opportunity 's twin , Spirit , has not suffered any problems other than a rock abrasion tool on its tip that has worn down .
The rovers were designed to operate for 90 days on the surface , but have now been working since January 2004 .
One of the twin Mars Exploration Rovers that have been exploring the surface of Mars for nearly two years is currently unable to move its experiment arm , a problem that could significantly limit the amount of science it can do .
Project officials said Monday that the robot arm on the Opportunity rover stopped moving about ten days ago because of a problem in the arm 's shoulder joint .
Engineers do n't know why the joint is n't moving , although it does not appear to be blocked by anything .
An " A team " of engineers is working on the issue to either fix the joint or at least allow the joint to move once more , putting the arm out in an extended position that would allow scientists to use the instruments mounted on the end of the arm .
The arm on Opportunity 's twin , Spirit , has not suffered any problems other than a rock abrasion tool on its tip that has worn down .
The rovers were designed to operate for 90 days on the surface , but have now been working since January 2004 .
Related Links : Pasadena Star - News article
CNET News.com article << previous article next article >>
Programming language for " special forces " of developers .
Nemerle is a general - purpose , multi- paradigm programming language for the .
Net platform .
It is as easy to learn and use as C# or VB.NET but Nemerle is by far more powerful .
One may start using it as an advanced C# and then , as learning goes on , employ a range of cool features enabling metaprogramming and functional programming .
The metaprogramming is based on macros bearing some similarity to Lisp .
General information
Supported paradigms : Object - Oriented Programming ( OOP ) , Functional Programming ( FP ) , Metaprogramming ( MP ) , Component - Oriented Programming ( COP ) , DSL - Oriented Programming ( DOP ) or Language Oriented Programming ( LOP ) .
Type system : static typing , strong typing , inferred , nominal .
Influenced by : C# ( OOP & Imperative support ) , ML ( FP support ) , Lisp ( macros support ) .
Supported Platforms : CLI (. Net & Mono ) .
Key features
Type inference
Nemerle can infer type from initialization and from usage :
def dict = Dictionary ( ) ; //
Dude , where are my type params ?
dict .
Add( " key " , 42 ) ; //
The type params infered from usage !
def the Type = dict .
GetType ( ) ; WriteLine ( the Type ) ; def expected = typeof ( Dictionary [ string , int ] ) ; Trace .
Assert ( theType.Equals ( expected ) ) ;
Metaprogramming
Flexible and very powerful metaprogramming subsystem using the Nemerle macros :
def title = " Programming language authors " ; def authors = [ " Anders Hejlsberg " , " Simon Peyton - Jones " ] ; // 'xml ' - macro from Nemerle.Xml .
Macro library which alows to inline XML literals into the nemerle - code def html = xml <# < html > < head > < title > $ title </ title > </ head > < body > < ul $ when ( authors .
Any ( ) ) > < li $ foreach ( author in authors ) > $ author < / li > </ul > </ body > </html > #> Trace .
Assert( html.GetType( ) . Equals ( typeof ( XElement ) ) ) ; WriteLine( html.GetType ( ) ) ;
Object - oriented programming
Full support for OOP that will be familiar to C# / Java / C++ programmers :
module Program { class Initializer { public Name : string { get ; set ; } public event HelloHandler : Action [ string ] ; public SayHello( ) : void { HelloHandler ?.
Invoke ( $ " Hello , $ Name ! " ) ; } public static Test ( ) : void { def hellower = Initializer ( ) <- { Name = " David Hilbert " ; HelloHandler += Console .WriteLine ; } ; hellower .SayHello( ) ; } } Main ( ) : void { Initializer .
Test ( ) ; } }
Functional programming
Full support for functional programming inherited from the ML family of languages ( ML , OCaml , F# , Haskell ) and can solve problems not only quick and easy but also very beautiful .
higher - order functions ;
local functions ;
lambdas ;
tail - call elimination optimization ;
pattern matching ;
algebraic types ;
tuples and anonymous types ;
partial application of functions .
def factorial ( n , acc ) { | ( 0 , _ ) | ( 1 , _ ) => acc | _ => factorial(n - 1 , n * acc ) } def parted Factorial = factorial ( _ , 1 ) ; Console. WriteLine( partedFactorial ( 5 ) ) ;
IDE support
The presence of integration with Visual Studio allows reducing the threshold of entry .
Current Nemerle Studio IDE integration supports all language features including information about derived types and macro expansion .
[ Screenshot ]
Macro Libraries
Macros allow you to raise the level of the program to unprecedented heights without sacrificing the richness of the language ’s syntax as in Lisp .
You can develop macros which simplify a solution of your every day tasks .
One of the Nemerle paradigms is the Language - Oriented Programming ( LOP ) .
It ’s a new approach of software development .
The LOP allows you to create your own domain specific language ( DSL ) to solve the problem by describing it in completely declarative manner .
Macros allow you to implement and maintain DSL .
Macros allow getting automatic support for IDE much faster and easier .
Using macros you get high speed of the generated code , etc .
The standard distribution of Nemerle ’s compiler includes a lot of ready - to - use macros which can be easily extended by third - party developers .
The following outstanding solutions were implemented with the help of Nemerle ’s macros :
Implements a generator of parsers based on the PEG notation .
It has notable advantages :
ease of use ( using of Nemerle .
Peg is as easy as using of regular expressions ) ;
an incredibly high speed of work of produced parser — ~ 4 MB / sec. on the grammar of C # 4.0 ( with the construction of AST ) ;
dynamic extensibility ( rules of grammar may be included on the fly ) ;
support for left recursion and associativity ( through intellectual memoization and integration of Pratt ’s algorithm ) ;
support for syntactic predicates ( allows you to easily parse C#\C++ style languages ) ;
“ Scope ” support ( allows you to parse a number of context - sensitive languages like C\C++\ Nemerle ) ;
separation of grammar and semantic actions ;
IntelliSense ( IDE ) support ( real - time error reporting , navigation ) .
Nemerle 2.0 macros system will be based on Nemerle .
Peg .
Allows using of XML quasi-quotes inside Nemerle - code ( XML - literals allow active areas and control structures ) .
This feature is analogous to that in languages like Scala and VB.
NET but is available as a separate module ( macro ) or source code .
XML - literals support inline operators : foreach , when and unless .
Computation Expressions
Gives similar possibility of F# language ( Computation Expressions ) .
Such beautiful syntactic sugar ( on monads ) greatly simplifies the creation of features like “ comp async ” ( parallelization of code execution ) or “ comp enumerable ” ( generating a sequence inside a expression ) .
Nemerle on Rails
Library of Nemerle ’s macros on Rails ( NoR ) is analog of Ruby on Rails but in a statically typed language .
The world of statically typed languages has the same framework ( Scala ’s Lift ) .
But the implementation for Nemerle is based on macros and recognized standards such as LINQ .
As well as …
… many small macros that make the code shorter and clearer : Late ( late binding ) , Lazy ( deferred execution ) , Logging , Profiling , Record ( automatic creation of constructors which initialize the fields ) , Surroundwith ( fast creation of operators similar to " using " ) as well as :
Was just ruminating about a history of the Iran - Iraq war that I perused the other day .
Convinced that the student revolution left Iran ’s oil fields undefended , Saddam Hussein tried and failed to make a quick grab for the border provinces .
After some skirmishing Hussein essentially pulled back and hoped that the Mullahs would let bygones be bygones .
They did n’t .
Iran sent everything it had after Iraq , with or without equipment and training , over and over again .
They used waves of teenagers to clear minefields , losing the good part of a generation in the process .
The Iranians would have taken a chunk out of Iraq if Hussein had not brought nerve gas weapons to bear .
The apparent superiority of Iraq ’s forces , the violence of its attacks and the practically genocidal loss of civilian volunteers did n’t seem to discourage them at all .
Anyhow , just a random thought on a Thursday afternoon .
I ’m sure that Iran will prove perfectly pliable to American intimidation , especially if we throw in a bombing raid or two .
If that does n’t work , well , bygones .
Online blog about inovations in technics and electronics
" Technology and innovation can be a monopoly killer " .
This statement made by one of the professors was still resounding in my ears as my thoughts raced across to the telecom sector in India .
BSNL ( Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited ) in the socialist 70s and 80s was the state owned monopoly in fixed land lines and had developed an extensive mesh of lines that criss - crossed the country linking Assam to Gujarat and Kashmir to Kanyakumari .
Competition never threatened BSNL as it had the blessing of the central governement to run its business in a way that profited it the most .
Then came the liberalization era in the 1990's and classic capitalist ideas started gaining the upper hand .
Every sphere started opening up and competitive markets started becoming the norm of the day .
A host of new players entered the market initially providing wireless cellular services which was an area that did not have monopoly players yet .
Technology played its role too as it was the same time the world as a whole was facing a telecom wireless revolution in terms of mobile phone miniaturization , feature intensification and cost reduction .
Once these new entrants namely Airtel , Tata Indicom and Reliance gained a foothold in the cellular wireless market they embarked on a plan of diversification and this was when they used technology to topple BSNL from the distinct status it held of being the only firm to have land lines across India .
Reliance and Tata Indicom used technology to lay high bandwidth optical fiber cables ( OFC ) across the country .
BSNL was forced to adopt similar measures .
However the gap between BSNL and the new entrants was still a chasm .
Enter Wireless Local Loop ( WLL ) technology .
Reliance and the Tata group quickly jumped the wagon .
This enabled them to lay optical fiber cables between major towns and villages and avoid last mile connectivity issues which incidentally is what requires the most capital investment .
Instead WLL enabled them to erect towers in towns and villages and still issue the subscribers land line phones that connected wirelessly to these towers .
The same door - to - door access that BSNL had achieved over a span of 2 - 3 decades by laying phone cables right till the subscriber 's doorstep was achieved by the new entrants in a span of half a decade .
Today the Tatas and Reliance groups boast of a network comparable in size to BSNL and still be proud of the fact that it was done at a fraction of the cost that BSNL incurred .
And in doing so , it also marked the end of monopolistic market practices of one of India 's telecom behemoths .
Truly " Technology and Innovation can convert monopolistic markets to competitive ones "
It 's common knowledge that Mac users prefer Safari to Firefox .
It is the browser bundled with the OS – and we know how that generally works out .
But it 's not just a monopoly play ; there are legitimate reasons for Mac users to choose Safari :
Mac users favor [ Safari ] for its rendering speed , clean interface and fast launch times .
Safari is , of course , a completely competent browser that stands on its technical merits , very much unlike IE6 .
But if you ask Mac users why they chose Safari , and if you keep pressing them , you 'll probably find the deciding factor was that Safari feels like a native Mac app .
The next version of Firefox will use some native UI elements in OS X .
But it 's still not a native Cocoa app .
The lack of a completely native UI on OS X may seem like a minor implementation detail , but it 's actually a showstopper for a lot of people , like this commenter :
" Native cocoa widgets " refers to the use of the natively rendered components such as scroll bars and submit buttons .
These are the same buttons and scroll bars used in nearly all Cocoa apps for OSX ( basically every program you 've ever used ) .
The default theme for OSX FF2 uses these really ugly widgets that are really blocky and Netscape 4 -y looking .
As vain as it may sound , those ugly widgets are actually one of the major reasons I use Safari instead of FF on OSX .
When two applications with rough feature parity compete , the application with the native UI will win .
Every time .
If you truly want to win the hearts and minds of your users , you go to the metal and take full advantage of the native UI .
Java has struggled with this problem for years , producing results spanning the continuum between " terrible " and " awful " , depending on who you ask .
Most Java developers have given up completely on GUI applications :
Me , I defected long ago .
I 'm another of those Apple Java engineers who dropped out .
I spent five years as a raving Java fanboy , but I gave up after optimizing AWT , implementing drag and drop , and trying to make 1,200 pages of crappy APIs do the right thing on the Mac .
Then I took a one - week Cocoa training course , and wrote the first prototype of iChat .
Desktop Java never worked because Sun tried to build their own OS on top of the real OS , duplicating every API and feature .
This led to terrible bloat , making every app as heavyweight to launch as Photoshop .
Worse , the GUI portions of the Java platform are awful , because Sun is a server company with no core competency at GUIs .
The APIs are too clumsy to code to , and compared to any decent Mac app , the results look like a Soviet tractor built on a Monday .
Ultimately , the best any Java app can do is pretend to be a native app .
To fake it .
And more often than not , it can't even manage to do that :
This project should be a cautionary tale for people who think programmers should be interface designers .
Apple and Microsoft at least recognize that these are different skill sets , and that looks and feels should be created by a team of programmers , graphic designers , and interaction designers .
Sadly the Linux and Java communities have n't really figured this out yet , and are still trying to have programmers do it all , with predictable results .
The bottom line is that we do n't really need different look - and - feels in Java .
The best Java can or should do is faithfully mimic the native user interface .
Unless your name is Bruce Tognazzini or Kai Krause , you almost certainly wo n't do better than that ; and you 'll be very , very lucky if you do n't do worse .
Pluggable look - and - feels are necessary in Swing only because Swing apps have to run on multiple platforms .
They should be changed only from operating system to operating system , not application to application .
The goal of a Java application is to fit in with other native applications , not to stand out .
GAIM has a cross- platform UI based on GTK , which produces predictably bland , least - common - denominator results :
Most of all , I find myself empathizing with Mac Safari users because I have n't been able to switch away from IE7 on Vista .
Firefox feels so dowdy in Vista .
It just does n't fit in .
It scrolls very slowly , the keyboard stops working at random , and the overall GUI is jarringly out of place , including the legacy main menu .
There 's no doubt whatsoever that Firefox is a vastly superior browser for web development , with a vibrant developer community .
Firefox absolutely should be a part of every developer 's core toolkit .
But when it comes to day - to - day browsing , I 'll always pick native speed and native look and feel over the ability to install a dozen user extensions , or the ability to run on umpteen different platforms .
Every single time .
If that makes me shallow , then I 'm in good company .
Non-native UI sucks .
The base is likely to be built on one of the Moon 's poles and will serve as a science centre and possible stepping stone for manned missions to Mars .
The US has already said it plans to build a new lunar spacecraft to succeed the last Apollo mission in 1972 .
Funds will be moved from space shuttle flights , due to be scrapped in 2010 .
The structure of the base and the exact duties of the astronauts stationed there have not been decided .
Nor is it clear when the base will begin functioning .
Lunar outpost
" We 're going for a base on the moon , " Scott " Doc " Horowitz , Nasa 's associate administrator for exploration , said .
The agency 's deputy head , Shana Dale , is quoted by the Associated Press news agency as saying that the " fundamental lunar approach " will be very different to earlier Moon missions .
A lunar spacecraft has already been commissioned by Nasa
Nasa has elected to build a lunar outpost rather than operate brief trips to the satellite as it did in the 1960s .
Nasa is also expected to ask other countries - and businesses - to help it build the base .
The permanent base will be built near one of the two poles , as these are felt to have a moderate climate and more sunlight - essential if the base is to use solar energy .
" It 's exciting , " Shana Dale told the Reuters news agency .
" We do n't know as much about the polar regions . "
According to Reuters , funds for building the lunar base will be diverted from the space shuttle programme , which is to be phased out by 2010 .
After the Columbia space shuttle accident , US President George W Bush announced plans to send astronauts back to the moon by 2020 .
Nasa announced in August that the Lockheed Martin Corporation will build the next US spaceship to take humans to the Moon .
Since KDE 4 development is in full swing with plans for a KDE 4.0
release sometime later this year , I thought I 'd put together a
weekly piece entitled The Road to KDE 4 .
The idea is to
have a short overview of one or two of the features that show
progress in KDE 4 .
For my first issue , the goal is to show off some of the great SVG work that has taken place so far .
Read on for the details ...
Since many features are covered in personal blogs via the KDE Planet , I 'll try to cover those that receive less public coverage , or need more public coverage .
The first thing I 'd like to point out is that KDE 4 builds , installs , and runs well enough that I can test many of the ported KDE 3.x applications , and most of them are pretty stable .
The real joys come when you look more closely at those improvements that are afforded by the changes in the base technologies .
Today , I 'll talk about one of the eyecandy features provided by Qt 4 : SVG rendering in applications .
There are many other KDE applications reaping the benefits of SVG drawing to make them more pleasing , and more scalable .
Check out some of these posts :
Today I 'm going to focus on a handful of apps , providing before and after screenshots to compare the KDE 4 development version ( pre-alpha stuff ) to the existing KDE 3.5.5 equivalents .
To begin , I 'll look at the KDE System Guard , a useful utility packed into KDE that you can pull up as ' ksysguard ' .
It does all sorts of neat things like display charts of memory and CPU usage , and a process table ( also accessible via the Ctrl - Esc keyboard shortcut ) .
Here 's how it looked in KDE 3.5.5 :
And now , in the KDE 4 development series ( the lines are antialiased , the graphs are translucent and the backgrounds are SVG ) :
As you can see , it is visually much improved from its current and very functional form .
Next we 'll look at some of the diversions shipped in the kdegames package .
KAtomic is a puzzle game .
It 's fun , semi-educational , and could definitely have used an image overhaul .
Here it is in it 's spartan KDE 3.5.5 glory :
And now , with much improved oxygen - style graphics in the development series :
KMahjongg ships in the kdegames package , and is a staple of puzzle gaming .
Here it is from KDE 3.5.5 looking like a game that escaped from the
Best of Windows Entertainment Pack :
And now , with a much - improved SVG - powered tileset in the
development series :
And last but not least , is one of the more frequently used parts of KDE : the " Run Command " dialog ( Alt - F2 ) .
Previously this :
Now , thanks to desktop interface guru Aaron Seigo , it 's a SVG themable , really slick element of the Plasma desktop .
Still a work in progress , but you 'll get the idea from this screenshot .
Until next time folks , when I reveal yet another KDE 4 feature under development .
Cheers .
The most important resource to consider in this situation is energy , because it is our economy ’s “ master resource ” — the one ingredient essential for every economic activity .
Sure , the price of a barrel of oil has dropped sharply from its peak of $ 78 last summer , but that ’s probably just a fluctuation in a longer upward trend in the cost of oil — and of energy more generally .
In any case , the day - to - day price of oil is n’t a particularly good indicator of changes in energy ’s underlying cost , because it ’s influenced by everything from Middle East politics to fears of hurricanes .
A better measure of the cost of oil , or any energy source , is the amount of energy required to produce it .
Just as we evaluate a financial investment by comparing the size of the return with the size of the original expenditure , we can evaluate any project that generates energy by dividing the amount of energy the project produces by the amount it consumes .
Economists and physicists call this quantity the “ energy return on investment ” or E.R.O.I .
For a modern coal mine , for instance , we divide the useful energy in the coal that the mine produces by the total of all the energy needed to dig the coal from the ground and prepare it for burning — including the energy in the diesel fuel that powers the jackhammers , shovels and off - road dump trucks , the energy in the electricity that runs the machines that crush and sort the coal , as well as all the energy needed to build and maintain these machines .
As the average E.R.O.I. of an economy ’s energy sources drops toward 1 to 1 , an ever - larger fraction of the economy ’s wealth must go to finding and producing energy .
This means less wealth is left over for everything else that needs to be done , from building houses to moving around information to educating children .
The energy return on investment for conventional oil , which provides about 40 percent of the world ’s commercial energy and more than 95 percent of America ’s transportation energy , has been falling for decades .
The trend is most advanced in United States production , where petroleum resources have been exploited the longest and drillers have been forced to look for ever - smaller and ever - deeper pools of oil .
Image Credit ... Illustration by Mimi O ; silhouettes by House Industries
Cutler Cleveland , an energy scientist at Boston University who helped developed the concept of E.R.O.I. two decades ago , calculates that from the early 1970s to today the return on investment of oil and natural gas extraction in the United States fell from about 25 to 1 to about 15 to 1 .
Cautionary note :
In this story , I 'm talking strictly about production of Crude Oil plus Condensate and NGPL ( CO+NGL in short ) .
We know that some countries ( around 56 ) have seen their production peaked ( also called type III depletion ) .
The remaining group consists of 17 countries that have the potential to grow or maintain their current production ( the type II group ) .
I propose to apply the HL technique only on the total production from the the type III group and try to assess the future production decline coming from that group .
My observations are the following :
mbpd= Millions of barrels per day
Gb= Billions of barrels ( 10 9 )
) Tb= Trillions of barrels ( 10 12 )
) NGPL= Natural Gas Plant Liquids
NGL= Natural Gas Liquids ( lease condensate + NGPL )
URR = Ultimate Recoverable Resource
Production per Countries
1857 -1958 : from " API Facts and Figures Centennial edition 1959 " ( thanks to Jean Lahèrrere and Stuart Staniford )
1959 - 1964 : from " Twentieth Century Petroleum Statistics2004 " of DeGolyer & MacNaughton .
1965 -2005 : BP Statistical Review of World Energy .
The production data for 73 countries are composed of the following datasets ( Contribution of Jean Lahèrrere , Stuart Staniford and put together by Roberto Canogar ) :
The two figures below are giving different views on how each country is contributing to the world production of crude oil + NGL .
Fig . 1 - World production of Crude oil plus NGL ( CO+NGL ) .
Color function of the cumulative production in Gb .
Fig .
2 - World production of Crude oil plus NGL ( CO+NGL ) .
Color function of the 2005 production in % of the maximum production .
The Type III Group
The Type III depletion is when a country or region can no longer maintain or increase its total production , I quote Chris Skrebowski :
Type III depletion is when a country produces less oil in a year than it did in the previous year .
This can be identified quite readily from public production databases ( see Petroleum Review , August 2004 and August 2005 ) .
Type III depletion will increase as additional countries move into decline , but will reduce as the volumes produced by the countries in decline decreases .
In 2003 , Type III depletion was running at around 1.1 mn b/d , but in 2004 it fell back to around 900,000 b/d ( significant revisions to production data tend to confuse the picture ) .
Over the next few years a number of countries are likely to move into decline - Denmark , China , Malaysia , Mexico , Brunei and India are the obvious candidates and account for over 12 % of global production - so a reasonable working assumption is that Type III depletion will increase , although with something of a saw - tooth profile .
Recent statements by oil companies ( Petroleum Review , August 2005 ) have tended to indicate that overall depletion ( Types I , II and III ) is running at between 4 % and 6 % .
Analysis of recent company production ( see p24 ) tends to confirm that using a 5 % figure is a reasonable approximation .
Demand growth is subject to quite rapid swings , but appears to average around 2%/y .
I chose to include 56 countries ( see Table I ) that have peaked or that are believed to peak within the next two years ( the ASPO Newsletter # 59 contains also a table with the average decline per countries for regular oil ) .
Country 2005 Prod. ( mbpd ) Peak Prod.
Cumulative Prod . ( Gb ) P/Q ( % ) US 6.83 ( 60.46 % ) 11.30 ( 1970 ) 216.90 1.15 Venezuela 3.01 ( 80.10 % ) 3.75 ( 1970 ) 59.70 1.84 Mexico 3.76 ( 98.30 % ) 3.82 ( 2004 ) 37.51 3.66 Kuwait 2.64 ( 79.16 % ) 3.34 ( 1972 ) 37.23 2.59 China 3.63 ( 100.00 % ) 3.63 ( 2005 ) 33.06 4.00 Canada 3.05 ( 98.77 % ) 3.09 ( 2004 ) 32.22 3.45 UK
1.81 ( 62.15 % ) 2.91 ( 1999 ) 23.75 2.78 Indonesia 1.14 ( 67.42 % ) 1.69 ( 1977 ) 22.49 1.84 Norway 2.97 ( 86.86 % ) 3.42 ( 2001 ) 20.56 5.27 other Europe 0.46 ( 60.76 % ) 0.76 ( 1986 ) 10.10 1.67 Egypt 0.70 ( 74.00 % ) 0.94 ( 1993 ) 9.58 2.65 Argentina 0.72 ( 81.46 % ) 0.89 ( 1998 ) 9.51 2.78 Qatar 1.10 ( 100.00 % ) 1.10 ( 2005 ) 8.38 4.78 Oman 0.78 ( 81.17 % ) 0.96 ( 2001 ) 8.00 3.56 India 0.78 ( 96.07 % ) 0.82 ( 2004 ) 7.58 3.77 Australia 0.55 ( 68.48 % ) 0.81 ( 2000 ) 7.22 2.80 Colombia 0.55 ( 65.51 % ) 0.84 ( 1999 ) 6.47 3.10 Malaysia 0.83 ( 96.50 % ) 0.86 ( 2004 ) 6.41 4.71 Rumania 0.11 ( 36.31 % ) 0.31 ( 1976 ) 5.59 0.74 Syria 0.47 ( 78.63 % ) 0.60 ( 1995 ) 4.46 3.84 Ecuador 0.54 ( 100.00 % ) 0.54 ( 2005 ) 3.85 5.13 Trinidad 0.17 ( 74.35 % ) 0.23 ( 1978 ) 3.35 1.86 Brunei 0.21 ( 78.93 % ) 0.26 ( 1979 ) 3.35 2.24 Gabon 0.23 ( 64.29 % ) 0.36 ( 1996 ) 3.20 2.67 Peru 0.11 ( 56.63 % ) 0.20 ( 1980 ) 2.43 1.67 Yemen 0.43 ( 93.30 % ) 0.46 ( 2002 ) 2.20 7.07 other Asia 0.20 ( 71.97 % ) 0.28 ( 1993 ) 2.19 3.32 Rep. of Congo 0.25 ( 86.42 % ) 0.29 ( 1999 ) 1.83 5.06 Denmark 0.38 ( 96.67 % ) 0.39 ( 2004 ) 1.74 7.90 Other S. & Cent. America 0.14 ( 92.98 % ) 0.15 ( 2003 ) 1.52 3.41 Tunisia 0.07 ( 62.63 % ) 0.12 ( 1980 ) 1.32 2.05 Italy 0.12 ( 100.00 % ) 0.12 ( 2005 ) 1.04 4.12 Sudan 0.38 ( 100.00 % ) 0.38 ( 2005 ) 0.61 22.67 Germany 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.15 ( 1964 ) 0.56 0.00 Austria 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.07 ( 1955 ) 0.34 0.00 Bahrain 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.05 ( 1964 ) 0.31 0.00 Poland 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.04 ( 1909 ) 0.30 0.00 Hungary 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.04 ( 1964 ) 0.16 0.00 Netherlands 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.04 ( 1964 ) 0.16 0.00 France 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.06 ( 1964 ) 0.16 0.00 Japan 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.02 ( 1963 ) 0.14 0.00 Burma 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.02 ( 1939 ) 0.11 0.00 Chile 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.04 ( 1964 ) 0.08 0.00 Neutral Zone 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.08 ( 1958 ) 0.08 0.00 Yugoslavia 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.04 ( 1964 ) 0.07 0.00 Albania 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.01 ( 1962 ) 0.06 0.00 Bolivia 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.01 ( 1957 ) 0.04 0.00 Pakistan 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.01 ( 1964 ) 0.04 0.00 Turkey 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.02 ( 1964 ) 0.03 0.00 New Guinea 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.01 ( 1954 ) 0.02 0.00 Czechoslovakia 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.00 ( 1953 ) 0.02 0.00 Bulgeria 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.01 ( 1958 ) 0.02 0.00 Morocco 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.00 ( 1963 ) 0.01 0.00 Israel 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.00 ( 1964 ) 0.01 0.00 Cuba 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.00 ( 1956 ) 0.00 0.00 Formosa 0.00 ( 0.00 % ) 0.00 ( 1941 ) 0.00 0.00 Table I. Countries in the Type III group ( the percentage number between parenthesis in the second column is the 2005 production in % of the maximum production ) .
The inclusion of some countries in this group can be questioned :
Venezuela : regular oil production has peaked but an increase in the Orinoco oil sands production is not impossible .
Canada : conventional production has peaked but syncrude production derived from tar sands is planned to reach almost 3.5 + mbpd in 2020 .
This point is further discussed in the section below .
Kuwait has not peaked yet but his largest field ( Burgan ) is in decline and Kuwait has admited to have inflated its reserves .
China : the ASPO is saying that this country is about to peak but it is not showing in the data yet .
I then perform a Hubbert Linearization on the total production from these 56 countries .
We can see that the fit is quite good and gives an URR around 1.0 Tb with a logistic growth rate at 5.8 % .
The peak date is obtain by matching cumulative production values and gives 1999 as the peak year .
Cumulative production for this group is about 600 Gb ( 60 % of the URR ) .
Fig .
3 - Hubbert linearization for the total production from the type III group .
Fig .
4 - Corresponding logistic curve ( or Hubbert curve ) with a peak production in 1999 .
Fig .
5 - Logistic curve with production profiles from the countries in the type III group .
What About the Canadian Tar Sands ?
Synthetic Crude Oil ( SCO ) production derived from the Canadian Tar Sands is projected to grow by 2.5 + mbpd in 2020 ( see the Canadian Oil Sands Production Update for details ) .
I added one the most optimistic forecast ( from CERI ) to the group III logistic model as shown on Figure 6 below .
I assumed that the level of production post - 2020 will stay constant .
The strong increase in syncrude production could slow down the group III decline until 2012 - 2015 .
Fig .
6 - Logistic model for the group III on which a syncrude from the Canadian tar sands forecast has been added .
What 's Left ?
The remaining group of countries is what I call the type II group which are believed to be capable of increasing or at least maintaining production levels for the coming years ( see table II ) .
As we can see on Figure 7 , this group is dominated by the FSU ( Former Soviet Union which includes Russia , Azerbaijan , Turkmenistan , Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan ) and Saudi Arabia .
In particular , the FSU was the main source for the strong supply increase that has been observed since 2000 .
Country 2005 Prod. ( mbpd ) Peak Prod.
Cumulative Prod . ( Gb ) P/Q ( % ) FSU 11.84 ( 93.59 % ) 12.66 ( 1987 ) 161.26 2.68 Saudi Arabia 11.04 ( 100.00 % ) 11.04 ( 2005 ) 116.17 3.47 Iran 4.05 ( 66.82 % ) 6.06 ( 1974 ) 59.14 2.50 Iraq 1.82 ( 52.18 % ) 3.49 ( 1979 ) 29.89 2.22 UAE 2.75 ( 100.00 % ) 2.75 ( 2005 ) 26.88 3.74 Nigeria 2.58 ( 100.00 % ) 2.58 ( 2005 ) 25.69 3.67 Libya 1.70 ( 50.70 % ) 3.36 ( 1970 ) 25.07 2.48 Algeria 2.02 ( 100.00 % ) 2.02 ( 2005 ) 19.36 3.80 Brazil 1.72 ( 100.00 % ) 1.72 ( 2005 ) 8.84 7.09 Angola 1.24 ( 100.00 % ) 1.24 ( 2005 ) 5.78 7.85 Vietnam 0.39 ( 91.83 % ) 0.43 ( 2004 ) 1.41 10.16 Other ME 0.05 ( 61.18 % ) 0.08 ( 1970 ) 1.20 1.46 Cameroon 0.06 ( 32.17 % ) 0.18 ( 1985 ) 1.11 1.91 Tailand 0.28 ( 100.00 % ) 0.28 ( 2005 ) 0.91 11.06 Equatorial Guinea 0.35 ( 100.00 % ) 0.35 ( 2005 ) 0.62 20.92 other Africa 0.07 ( 96.87 % ) 0.07 ( 2004 ) 0.53 4.95 Chad 0.17 ( 100.00 % ) 0.17 ( 2005 ) 0.13 47.40
Table II .
Countries in the Type II group .
Fig .
7 - Production from the type II group .
The red line is the projected production required to satisfy a world supply growth at 2 % / year and a logistic decline for the type III group .
When the Hubbert Linearization is applied on the group II ( Figure 8 ) , we can see that the Logistic curve fit is not very good compared to the group II and cannot follow the recent production increase .
One explanation is that the oil production from this group has been altered by many oil shocks and production quotas .
In addition , the production is relatively immature with a cumulative production ( 484 Gb ) only at 34.7 % of the URR .
For now , I choose not to retain this model .
Fig .
8 - Hubbert linearization for the total production from the type II group and corresponding logistic curve ( or Hubbert curve ) with a peak production in 2019 .
Fig .
9 - Production from the type II group added to the logistic curve modeling the production coming from the type III group .
The dots represents the actual values for the world production of crude oil + NGL .
How Challenging Will be Future Production Growth ?
Figures 10 and 11 below are summarizing the challenges we are facing in the coming years :
The Type III group is pulling down world production by 0.4 mbpd / year but the production loss may reach 0.7 mbpd / year in 2012 .
In order to maintain a world supply growth around 1.5 % / year and compensate for the group III decline , production by the type II group has to grow by more than 2.0 mbpd per year ( or 4 % / year , i.e. doubling of the production every 17 years ! ) .
In 2005 , we lost nearly 0.6 mbpd from the group III and got only 1.5 mbpd of new supply from the type II group ( see Figure 11 below ) .
In 2006 , preliminary estimates are showing a weak growth for Russia ( +0.94 % ) and a decline for Saudi Arabia ( - 2.0 % ) .
Most forecasts are predicting a flat production for Saudi Arabia around 10 mbpd .
Russia will probably have a weak growth for the next few years ( see Dave 's excellent post and Ray Leonard 's presentation ) .
A strong growth in the production of synthetic crude oil from the Canadian Tar sands may slow down the decline in the group III and create a kind of plateau until 2012 - 2015 .
Future production from Iraq could be a key element but unfortunately this country will probably remains in turmoil for years .
Fig .
10 - Production growth and decline within group II and III .
The two dotted blue lines represents the new supply from the type II group that is required to meet the world demand growth .
Fig .
11 - Yearly supply fluctuations in mbpd .
The two dotted blue lines represents the new supply from the type II group that is necessary to meet the world demand growth .
1999 2005 2006 2007 2010 2012 2015 2020 Group III ( Observed ) 39.78 39.11 - 2.20 % - 1.49 % Logistic Group III 40.32 39.12 38.70 38.23 36.48 35.10 32.76 28.43 + 0.08 % - 0.91 % - 1.07 % - 1.23 % - 1.70 % - 1.99 % - 2.41 % - 3.04 % Logistic Group III + Canadian Tar Sands 40.32 39.17 38.97 38.73 38.31 37.76 35.93 32.07 + 0.08 % - 0.80 % - 0.52 % - 0.61 % - 0.11 % - 0.80 % - 1.84 % - 2.29 % World CO + NGPL ( Observed ) 72.50 81.25 81.20 * - 1.68 % +1.10 % - 0.06 % * CO + NGPL ( 1.5 % Growth from 1999 ) 72.50 79.28 80.47 81.68 85.41 87.99 92.01 99.12 +1.50 % + 1.50 % +1.50 % +1.50 % +1.50 % +1.50 % + 1.50 % Group II ( Observed ) 32.72 42.13 - 1.04 % +3.63 % Group II ( Requirement1 ) 32.18 40.15 41.76 43.45 48.92 52.89 59.25 70.69 +3.97 % +4.01 % +4.03 % +4.02 % +3.96 % +3.80 % +3.45 % Group II + Tar Sands ( Requirement1 ) 32.18 40.11 41.50 42.95 47.10 50.23 56.08 67.05 + 3.85 % +3.47 % +3.48 % + 2.85 % +3.30 % +3.76 % +3.42 % Russia ( Observed2 ) 6.31 9.50 9.59 * +2.59 % +0.94 % Saudi Arabia ( Observed2 ) 8.84 11.01 10.79 * +5.76 % - 2.02 %
Table III - Observed and projected production values ( in mbpd ) for Crude Oil + NGL .
The second row for each category gives the decline rate ( or growth rate ) in percent for the considered year .
1in order to satisfy the target of 1.5 % annual growth for the world production .
2 Data taken from the last International Petroleum Monthly ( EIA ) .
* Early estimates ( 8 months ) .
Khebab
Khebab@theoildrum.com
For independent musicians , the Internet only works for the bands that market themselves well offline .
Of course , that poses a problem for bands that are new to the digital age .
To that end , Tim Sweeney and John Dawes have written a book called The Complete Guide to Internet Promotions for Musicians , Artists and Songwriters .
Divided into five sections , the book outlines how to put together a marketing strategy , how to promote a website and the dos and don'ts of creating a website .
But Dawes said all of the online marketing is irrelevant unless bands do what they do best –- play music in clubs .
" I encourage my artists to concentrate on performing as much as possible and then creating a website to feed the demand from that , " said Dawes .
" What does n't work is hosting songs on large portals at first .
Most of the users from those services are looking for established artists .
If you are unknown , you are unfound . "
But independent bands that are successful have a shot at real success on their own if they market themselves well .
With the average major label band making about 54 cents per CD sold , according to Dawes , the potential for mid-level selling artists just is n't there .
Independent artists however , have the opportunity to sell their own CDs for a much higher profit while charging less than retail outlet prices .
That can allow musicians to shed their part - time day jobs and concentrate entirely on their career .
While it might seem more economical for the bands to do the online promotions in - house , Dawes said is usually best to look to partner with other companies that can focus on marketing that is specific to the Internet , such as Web page development and back - end retail .
What bands should do , said Dawes , is focus on making the website an extension of the live performance so that fans will continually return to the site to find out the latest news .
By creating that fan - friendly environment providing interactivity , daily updates , and information that can't be accessed at other places , bands will have an easier time creating traffic .
He also said that giving away music might be fine for some bands , but not if you hope to make a living .
" I suggest that artists put a track that could end up on the radio , something that has friendly airplay , " Dawes said .
" But I never , ever recommend putting up all of their tracks on the website .
You want to have enough to tantalize people to know that if they if buy the CD , they get more . "
( Note : This post is also known as “ Is this for real , DBSoft ? ” )
I read in on of my mailing list about a civil court case of a certain Susana Flores Molina who was sued by her old employer DBSoft Philippines , Inc. ( DBSoft ) .
Apparently , she is being sued because she transferred to a new company called CAI - STA , which is a company involved in business process outsourcing ( BPO ) .
DBSoft is claiming that she signed a Non-Compete Agreement that upon employment that stipulated that she cannot work with a competitor within two years of leaving DBSoft .
Ms. Molina claims she is very much aware that CAI - STA is not a direct competitor of DBSOft .
However , the case stems from the alleged claim of DBSoft that ALL companies doing software development are considered competitors .
To give everybody a better idea , I ’m publishing the email I received :
Hello Firends ,
I would like to ask for your prayers specially on Jan 23 , 2007 , 8:30 am .
I am currently an IT Professional and I will be attending a summary hearing at the Pasig Regional Trial Court that will be presided by Judge ALEX L. QUIROZ for DBOSFT ’s application for a Temporary Restraining Order upon me to stop from working with CAI - STA ( my present employer ) while a civil case that they filed is ongoing .
Usually , thise case might take several months , 6 months usually .
I am married with a 3 year old child and my husband is an ordinary employee as well .
I am also supporting my parents who are both retired so that any decision on Jan 23 would really affect not only me
but my family to live .
The civil case DBSoft filed against me was regarding a “ breach of contract ” when I transferred to CAI - STA last Oct. 2005 .
I worked in DBSoft for 6 years , 1999 - 2005 , and though I signed for a contract not to be enggaged in their direct competitors within 2 years after my end of employment with them , I am fully aware that CAI - STA is not one of
their direct competitors .
But as it is , DBSoft Phils .
Inc. , is claiming that all IT Companies that are engaged in software development are thier competitors .
Of all the resigned employees , even before me , I am the only one having this case at the moment .
I might be being used to threaten other employees of theirs not to resign .
I am very clean with clearance when I left DBSoft and so I know that my defense are strong .
What really worries me is their request for a TRO for me to stop working while this case is open .
I am just an employee trying to earn a living practicing my profession .
I ca n’t believe that such a
company would want this to happen to me after the 6 years I ’ve been loyal to them .
And worse , if TRO will be granted , not even proven guilty , DBSoft had already won destroying not only my career but my life as well .
In connection , this would mean all IT Companies would follow the same style as DBSoft ’s and all IT Professionals could suffer the same .
I am asking for your prayers that Judge Alex .
L. Quiroz would be enlightened by the Holy Spirit and that TRO would not be granted .
I do have a lawyer but it would really depends on the judge ’s decision .
I am also asking for your help to forward this email to as many friends as you have even outside Philippines so that all employees would be aware that such case is possible .
If you could paste this letter on blogs or forums I would really appreciate it .
Who knows , this email might reach Judge Quiroz before the hearing on Tuesday .
As per my lawyer , it would be much better to let this out in media so that the world would be fully aware of such case .
I promise to keep you updated and thank you in advance for your prayers and help .
If you want to contact me , you could email back or you can call me at 09189199433 or 8017108 .
Thank you in advance ,
Susana Flores Molina
Haskell was 15 years old at the POPL ’03 meeting , when I presented this talk : it was born at a meeting at the 1987 conference on Functional Programming and Computer Architecture ( FPCA ’87 ) .
In this talk , which is very much a personal view , I take a look back at the language , and try to tease out what we have learned from the experience of designing and implementing it .
The main areas I discuss are : syntax ( briefly ) , laziness ( the hair shirt of the title ) , type classes , and sexy types .
On the way , I try to identify a few open questions that I think merit further study .
Many observers say the AG leaves behind a Main Justice in disarray
Demoralized .
Discredited .
Dysfunctional .
These words are among those used to sum up the state of the Justice Department under the watch of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , who last week announced he will step down Sept. 17 .
Much like a wounded patient in an intensive care unit , the department is in need of critical attention to revive its core mission : law enforcement .
Exactly how much influence Gonzales exerted throughout the department is still open to debate , but as his 2 ½ - year tenure comes to a close , this much is clear : Main Justice is in disarray .
Current and ex-career employees , former political appointees , legal scholars , detractors , and supporters all tell the same story :
The shortcomings are numerous and the successes few and far between .
With ongoing internal and congressional investigations into the firings of nine U.S. Attorneys , the controversial warrantless surveillance program , the politicization of the Civil Rights Division , and Gonzales ' own testimony to Congress , it 's hard to find observers willing to step out and put a positive spin on Gonzales ' tenure .
His detractors are n't so shy .
" There is no reasonable doubt that Alberto R. Gonzales will be remembered as one of the worst attorneys general in history and perhaps the most embarrassed , and embarrassing , Cabinet officers ever , " says Daniel Metcalfe , a 30 - year veteran of Justice who has become an outspoken critic since retiring in January as head of the department 's Office of Information and Privacy .
Some current Justice employees are just relieved to hear that Gonzales is stepping aside .
" The departure was a reassurance for a lot of people , " says a career attorney in the Civil Division .
" I 'm looking forward to better times .
" Not everyone is so critical of Gonzales ' stewardship .
His defenders highlight the creation of the National Security Division within the department and his emphasis on child exploitation as key accomplishments by the man who replaced John Ashcroft in February 2005 .
" As for his legacy , the ironic thing is , I think he did a pretty good job as attorney general , " says Viet Dinh , a former high - ranking official at the Office of Legal Counsel under Ashcroft .
RUBBER STAMP FOR THE WHITE HOUSENeedless to say , not too many observers share Dinh 's sunny assessment .
Looking over the department 's 40 offices , divisions and components , critics point to the Civil Rights Division and the Office of Legal Counsel as being the most tarnished under Gonzales ' leadership .
They also point to the Executive Office of Immigration Review as being heavily politicized under both Ashcroft and Gonzales .
Records show that dozens of former Republican activists and loyalists without immigration law experience got jobs as judges there in recent years .
Evan Peterson , a Justice spokesman , last week strongly denied that politics had influenced some of the department 's divisions or that the offices had become extensions of the White House .
But Douglas Kmiec , former head of the Office of Legal Counsel under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush , says the office that oversaw the application of Gonzales ' famed memo on interrogations must reinforce its commitment to independence .
" Much of the difficulty over torture memos and signing statements started in that office , " says Kmiec , who teaches at Pepperdine University School of Law .
" Somehow it lost its way .
It lost its ability to say no .
[ The office ] needs to get its act in order .
" Dawn Johnsen , a former head of the Office of Legal Counsel under Attorney General Janet Reno , agrees .
" There are just appalling examples of the Department of Justice and its counsel acting as a rubber stamp for unlawful programs that the White House wanted to pursue , " says Johnsen , a law professor at Indiana University .
The office is currently headed by Steven Bradbury , who holds the title of principal deputy assistant attorney general and whom the Senate has refused to confirm as the official head of the office for more than two years .
Bradbury has been accused of using the office to facilitate White House legal requests and recently wrote a memo advising former White House officials , including former White House Counsel Harriet Miers , to ignore congressional subpoenas .
Democratic senators have questioned Bradbury 's credentials and have asked the White House to appoint someone else to head the office .
They also are upset that an inquiry by the Office of Professional Responsibility into Bradbury 's role in the warrantless surveillance program was quashed by President George W. Bush , who refused to grant OPR investigators security clearances .
Justice spokesman Peterson said in an e-mail statement that the Office of Legal Counsel " has provided rigorous and objective legal advice " to the White House and the executive branch .
" There is no basis to assert that OLC has been politicized or is a rubber stamp for the White House , " Peterson said .
At the Civil Rights Division , meanwhile , some career attorneys say their influence has diminished as new department heads and political appointees sought to reverse decades of key civil rights law enforcement under Gonzales and , earlier , Ashcroft .
"
The damage done to one of the federal government 's most important law enforcement agencies is deep and will take time to overcome , " Joseph Rich , a former chief in the voting section of the Civil Rights Division who retired in 2005 , said in testimony before the House Judiciary Committee earlier this year .
Some career staff complain about being overruled on key re-districting plans -- which were later challenged in court .
Other controversial practices , such as diverting the hiring duties from career staff to political appointees , began under Ashcroft , but ex-career officials say Gonzales let them continue unchecked .
< more
The new library at Chicago State University has one ironclad rule :
No students allowed in these stacks – only robots .
Every book , CD , and DVD in the school ’s $ 38 million facility is tagged with a radio - frequency ID chip .
When a borrowed item slides through the return slot , the system identifies and sorts it .
Human librarians shelve post -1990 materials in the traditional stacks and drop older stuff into file - drawer - sized bins .
From there , it ’s all robots – tall , forklift - style machines that run on tracks and stow the materials in a three - story - high storage facility .
No Dewey decimals ?
No problem .
The computer knows where everything is and can hustle the correct bin to the circulation desk for checkout .
And if the software crashes ?
“ Libraries are highly networked , ” says dean Lawrence McCrank .
CSU ’s database is backed up at the Online Computer Library Center in Dublin , Ohio , and the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
“ We were building databases with integrated retrieval before there were computers , ” McCrank says .
“ They were called card catalogs . ”
Robotic Librarians by the Numbers
Top speed of CSU ’s robotic librarians : 7 mph
Average time for a robot to retrieve five books : 2.5 minutes
Average time for a student to retrieve five books : 2 hours
Capacity of CSU ’s high - density storage : 800,000 volumes
Robots making out in the stacks : 0
– Erin Biba
credit : Nathan Kirkman
START
Biblio Tech
Ping
Space Cadet
Protecting the Pipeline
What ’s Inside : Powdered Nondairy Creamer
How to Foil a Phone Thief
Jargon Watch
Webocracy Island
How To : Disable Your Passport's RFID Chip
What Happens on the Internet ...
The Best : Web 2.0 Acquisition Bait
Wired | Tired | Expired
Softer Armor
Drink Up , Human
End -Time for the Internet
A. J. Wasserstein StoryWhile attending business school in New York , A. J. Wasserstein looked at various business opportunities to start his entrepreneurial venture .
After graduating from the Stern School of Business at New York University in 1991 , A. J. Wasserstein , then 24 , returned home in Southbury , Connecticut to raise money and start Archives Management , his newly hatched file - storage company .
He was attracted in the records storage business in large part because it is a steady business .
" The model is , once you get a customer , you have a customer for life .
It 's a long - term decision for our clients .
We 'd like to think we have them forever - if we live up to their expectations .
" OK , so keeping files for customers is not glamorous .
It does not even sound sexy .
But as company president , Wasserstein probably finds nothing dull about earning $ 7.0 million in annual sales .
As he himself admits , “ Yes !
It is a boring business .
We ’re a boring simple business that makes a lot of money , which is fine ! ” Every business has its own economic characteristics , and his research showed that records management is a solid business model .
Consider these : recurring cash flow ; long term contracts ; high capital barriers to entry so there are few competitors ; and high switching costs for customers if they want to move to another company .
As Wasserstein contends , “ When I wake up on January 1st , I know what my revenues will be for the next 12 months . ”
While capitalization costs may be high , there is also a built - in growth rate , allowing the company to grow internally at about eight percent a year even without making incremental sales .
Boring as the task of keeping other people ’s files maybe , you can understand what made Wasserstein fall in love with this industry .
To turn this “ boring ” business into something exciting , Wasserstein and his management takes a creative approach to customer and employee relations , and makes it fun .
According to him , “ We have wonderful people programs in place .
I think we are cutting - edge technology .
” So why is Archives Management successful ?
“ I think we ’re good sales people .
We are successful because of our creative sales people , ” he is quick to point out .
While other companies cite their advanced technologies and innovative products , Wasserstein credits their ability to differentiate themselves by bringing creativity , energy and ingenuity into the sales process as the main reason for their success .
Another strength of Archives Management is the efficiency in the way it handles and delivers the files and paperwork they store for their clients .
The speedy and accurate retrieval of stored records is made possible by the company ’s use of cutting - edge technology .
“ We ’re in a situation where technology and customer service coincide , ” he said .
“ We are great users of technology .
We are extremely , extremely computerized .
” Archives Management has made significant investments in the past four years on new technology to improve the business .
Employees use sophisticated hand - held scanners , costing about $ 2,000 each , to keep track of orders on the delivery run .
They also have printers costing $ 1,000 each that can print receipts with activity records for each document , so they know exactly where the paperwork has been .
So what is the secret of his personal success ?
“ None !
There is no secret , ” Wasserstein chuckles .
To be good in business , however , his first advice is to always start out with a good business .
As his own experience shows , a good business is one that has good economic characteristics and fundamentals , and covers a lot of business sense .
Second , an entrepreneur must be energetic , optimistic and full of passion about his or her own business .
“ Your business will not succeed on 20 or 40 hours a week .
It ’s got to be your number one priority probably for at least the first 3 - 5 years .
Then maybe after 5 years , it is a real business and will have some energy and progress on its own .
But initially you are the driving force behind your business .
” An entrepreneur also needs to be success and development - oriented , possessing sheer energy and persistence to just keep going .
Sometimes , business owners need to call a customer 20 to 50 times just to follow - up , and this requires persistence .
“ I think some people fail to recognize that the persistence factor is what really drives a lot of people to success in all walks of life , ” says Wasserstein .
Persistence , creativity , ingenuity , coupled with a thick skin to handle all the rejections -- these are the tools of entrepreneurial success .
The iPhone is n't just a standalone hardware device .
It 's an iPod , and like the earlier iPods , its integration with iTunes will provide it with a variety of advantages in the areas of sync , software installation , and simplicity .
Competing phones , from the Palm Treo to WinCE / Windows Mobile devices and phones from Nokia , Motorola , and other independent manufacturers all suffer from a variety of consistency problems that were outlined in Device Problems In Search of a Solution .
In general , all lack :
• Consistent User Interface • Consistent Stability • Consistent Data Sync • Consistent and Fair DRM
Software for the iPhone : UI and Stability
Apple 's demonstrations of the iPhone show that the company aims to deliver a user interface that makes sense for a handheld form factor .
While reflecting interface conventions of Mac OS X , including a Dock - like icon bar and Dashboard - like window controls , it does not try to shove in the entire Mac desktop .
To solve the problem of inconsistent stability , Apple has announced plans to manage software in the model of 3G iPod games , and refers to this as a " closed platform . "
This has resulted in a significant outcry from people concerned that Apple will sink the iPhone by killing any development community .
However , based on Apple 's recent behavior , it simply does n't logically follow that the company will lock down the iPhone in the way some analysts are imagining in their rush to present potential reasons to panic .
I Like Third Party Software
I should first point out that I 'm not advocating " no new software " for the iPhone , but rather trying to explain why Apple is making the comments it is .
The iPhone screams for full exploitation of all its geeky hardware potential .
However , what Apple is saying and what will ultimately happen are not necessarily the same .
How some analysts are interpreting things is something that is also commonly unrelated to reality .
The trick is to compare track records and apply some logic .
I 'm pretty sure that Apple did n't port OS X to the iPhone ’s ARM processors simply to produce a brick that can't ever be upgraded .
Several readers have commented that the stability problems on Windows PCs and on the Palm Treo are not the result of an open software model , but are rather related to problems with their underlying system software .
The solution some recommend is for Apple to kick the iPhone 's door wide open , and then simply advise users concerned about stability problems to " stick to what 's factory installed and everything should work . "
This strategy does n't work on the Palm , which ships with enough extraneous crap and adware to make it crashworthy on first use , nor does it work for PCs , which will happily install any root kit , adware or virus that might ask , in many cases without the user even knowing that software is being installed .
Freedom Is Not Security
Any networked computer that allows users to install any software they want is inherently insecure .
For the iPhone , Apple 's options are to either create a " more secure " platform environment by using a complex set of permissions and security authorizations -- as Apple has delivered in Mac OS X - - or to simply manage what can be installed .
That 's the software security model Apple introduced on the iPod with iTunes .
Both strategies have resulted in Apple 's two major platforms , Mac OS X and the iPod , offering significantly more security and stability than other mainstream competitors .
Microsoft 's Windows is a security nightmare for end users , and neither WinCE nor the Palm OS offer a rock solid environment for handheld devices .
Mac OS
X has far fewer problems with security than Windows , but administrative users can still defeat its security model by installing bad software .
The iPod goes a step further and makes it nearly impossible to install the adware , spyware , viruses , and other malware which commonly plagues Windows PCs .
The downside to that " security paradise " is the limitation of having to get all iPod software from Apple , whether it 's developed internally by Apple or by third parties working with Apple .
Does that mean that Apple will hamstring the iPhone ’s potential with a limited selection of expensive software ?
Based on Apple 's track record and its existing software business practices , it is safe to say no .
Here ’s why :
Apple Sells Hardware With Free Software
The iPhone 's core software applications , including its calendar and camera apps , are not yet even completed , but potential users are already intently interested in what other software might become available .
The most common requests I 've heard for the iPhone are VNC and SSH clients ( can you suggest others ? ) .
Will Apple end up charging an arm and a leg for the software apps its iPhone users demand ?
Well , Apple already hosts thousands of free Dashboard Widgets , Automator Actions , and other freeware all designed to sell Macs , so it does n't seem rational to think that the company would take some unbending stance against ever offering free software extensions through iTunes for the iPhone , in order to sell more units .
Apple recently updated software for the new 5.5G iPod , but released the majority of those new software features for free to users who bought 5G iPods a year before .
All iPods are regularly updated to add support for new things , and the iPod is a fairly simple device .
The potential of the iPhone simply begs for more of the same .
In its music and movies business , Apple similarly gives away songs and shows every week to introduce users to its iTunes Store .
Beyond that , Apple has aggressively worked to develop a comprehensive directory of podcasts in iTunes : entirely free content .
Apple makes nothing from iTune 's podcasts -- or its support for Internet radio feeds -- and does n't make huge revenues from iTunes media sales ; it 's all designed to sell iPods .
Does it seem at all reasonable to suggest that Apple will suddenly reverse everything it 's done in the last five years in building the iPod and iTunes platform , and embark on an entirely unrelated business model for the iPhone , patterned after overpriced crapware vendors like Verizon Wireless ?
Apple Sells Hardware with Cheap Software
Consider the remainder of Apple 's software efforts .
In the last five years , Apple has assembled a suite of highly regarded consumer apps in iLife .
Those five apps are being sold in a package ; individually , each is around $ 15 .
That 's shareware prices .
If $ 15 were enough to support the development of significant updates of substantial applications every year , we'd be seeing other companies putting out highly regarded consumer apps for $ 15 .
Apple obviously develops iLife primarily to sell more Macs .
Apple 's Pro Apps are similarly priced far below competing apps .
Final Cut Pro is highly regarded , but sold for a fraction of the price of similar Avid software , forcing Avid to drop its prices dramatically .
After Apple bought Shake , it dropped the price from $ 9900 to $ 499 .
New apps Apple has developed from scratch , including Motion and Aperture , are similarly priced very low for pro level applications targeted at professionals .
That 's because Apple is n't trying to get rich selling niche software , but rather working to develop affordable new applications for its hardware so people will have compelling reasons to buy Macs instead of generic PCs .
In that same pattern , Apple has developed iPod games , involved third parties , and created a marketplace in iTunes where games are available for $ 5 .
Those games were designed to develop a test market for selling and distributing software through iTunes , not because the iPod ’s click wheel is a good Pac Man controller .
The iPhone will not only use the same software distribution mechanism , but will also deliver on the same strategy for selling hardware using software .
All the stink about a " closed market " for the iPhone fails to consider any of this .
It ’s not informed analysis , but merely reactionary panic that does not make sense .
There 's two areas of problems left for the iPhone to solve : data sync and DRM .
The next article examines how the iPhone will work with iTunes to improve upon the experience of both .
Next Articles :
This Series
残業代を払えない経営者は無能である
有能な経営者を期待したら負けである
なかなか面白くなってまいりました。
経営に関することは御大二人にお任せするとして、私はこれを一種の「理系哀歌」モノとして読みました。
ですが実は、日本の技術者や研究者の社会的立場がいつまでたっても弱く、「搾取」され続ける理由は明白なんです。
支持団体がないか ら
これですよ 。
もちろん瑣末な理由はいくらでも出して来れますが、社会的に観るならば間違いなくコレです。
例えば米国 。
かの国には世界最大・最強の理系支持団体、
" AAAS （ American Association for the Advancement of Science ） "
があります 。
262の支部と1000万人の加入者を誇るこのNPOは世界最高峰の科学雑誌「Science」の発行元として有名ですが、ホームページを読めばその活動はまさに「アメリカ理系力」の土台となる極めて重要なものであることが分かります。
科学・技術の公共理解促進
科学・技術教育の充 実
科学・技術の応用促 進
科学・技術従事者とそのインフラへの支援
科学・技術を促進する企業への支援
科学・技術従事者の権利保護
科学・技術政策へのロビイング
などなど 。AAASは学部生の時点で加入でき、企業や政府機関でのインターンやミーティングを通じて科学分野間はもちろん、政、官、産、学に渡って人脈と見識を築く手助けをしてくれます。もちろん、奨学金やキャリアサポートも充実しています。
また 、AAASは広くサイエンスやテクノロジーに従事する者の団体ですが、米国ではそれ以外にも各職業別に支持団体が成立しています。
どれも現場から活発にロビイングや社会活動を行っており、日本のなんたら会議のような死に体の組織とはわけが違います。
シリコンバレーやベンチャーの下には実はこういう巨大で堅固な基盤があるのです。小手先の意識改革などではとても太刀打ちできないことがよ〜く分かりますね。
技術者の待遇がいいのも、起業家が「バカ力」を発揮できるのも、こういった「リアルな後援者」がいるからこそなのです。いくら心頭滅却しても、火に飛び込めば大火傷します。必要なのはお経ではなく、実用的な耐熱スーツなのです。
競争が激しいのはその通りでしょうが、その分互助システムも発達している。その辺を見落とすと日本も理系も悲惨なことになりますよ、諸先輩方。
関連：
アメリカの科学教育は76ヶ年計画で着々と進行中。
アメリカの閣僚が優秀な本当の理由
個別に、それでいて結束して。
競争について子供に教えるべき3つのこと
追記：
皆様、多数のアクセスありがとうございました。あまり知られていないだろうなーとは思っていましたが、これ程とは。
昨今、いろんなエライ人たちが生産性だのベンチャー精神だのと煽っていますが、何故か彼らの口から上記の事実が語られることはありません。
まあそれはそのはず、安上がりに済ませたい彼らの立場からすると、こういう団体は邪魔で目障りなだけです。あるいは妙なサヨク・アレルギーが「団体」と聞いただけで拒絶反応を起こしているのかもしれません。
しかしよく考えればソ連や北朝鮮でこそ、こんな団体は存在できないことが分かります。民主主義、資本主義、そしてベンチャーの本場アメリカに最大の理系支持団体がある。この意味をよく考えるべきです。
短期的には目障りでも、全体的、長期的視点に立てば理系、そして日本の生産性向上には欠かせない要素なのではないでしょうか。
そろそろ、目隠しをはずしてもいい頃では？
関連：http://d.hatena.ne.jp/sivad/20080808#p1
ドラッカーのいう 「テクノロジスト社会」というのは上記のような職能団体が企業や政府と対等に渡り合う社会を意味します。
Halfway through 2004 , I openly predicted incessant redesigning would become somewhat cessant by the same year ’s end :
Article Continues Below
Forward thinkers understand content is still king and focus on such while deploying minimal upgrades , rather than relying on skillful makeovers that gain short - lived traffic spurts following award listings but offer downright weak content .
How wrong I was .
Apparently the Incessant Redesign is far from extinction .
Like a kid in a candy store , we creatives redesign like it ’s the new black .
Why do we possess such an insatiable desire to refresh and remake ?
Why do we thrive on renewal ?
What tempts us to be seduced by the sway of renaissance ?
While this article wo n’t analyze the psychological ambitions of right - brained elites and their innate desire to recreate , it will attempt to describe the difference between redesigning and realigning , as well the advantages of one over the other .
If iLife Falls in the Forest … #section2
In January 2005 , Apple ’s iLife ’05 was announced from Macworld Expo in San Francisco .
The ensuing conversation offered plenty of feature - laden jargon regarding the upgraded suite of “ digital lifestyle applications . ”
Virtually absent from the discussion was any mention of the rebranded iLife packaging .
With little fanfare , Apple introduced a refreshed identity — let ’s call it a “ redesign ” for now — for its suite of lifestyle tools , and an unexpected hush seemed to fall over the crowds that might have otherwise discussed the shift in packaging design .
It was almost immediately following the release of iLife ’05 that the idea for this article was spawned .
Something clicked .
The new iLife packaging was n’t just a redesign for the sake of redesigning .
It seemed to represent much more than that .
Personal computing was no longer something done to accomplish something else more efficiently , but rather a part of everyday life , even critical to communication and social interaction .
The iPod , for example , was no longer only for the technorati ; it was quickly becoming mainstream for coder and soccer mom alike .
And that ’s what the new packaging seemed to portray — less about technology , more about people .
The camera , keyboard , and similar objects subtly remain from the previous packaging , but the organic styling and seed metaphor — a perfect representation of “ life ” itself — steal the show .
So was the new iLife packaging merely another redesign to satisfy creative hunger pangs , or was it an attempt at something greater ?
Perhaps it was n’t even a redesign after all , but rather a shift in positioning — a realign instead of a redesign .
Redesigners vs. Realigners#section3
By now it ’s apparent that I ’ve split us , the creatives , into two camps — and equally apparent that I prefer to wear Realigner team colors .
Allow me to indulge in team bias by comparing the two .
The Redesigners often rely on emotional responses to aesthetics in justifying a redesign .
You ’ll typically hear statements like these :
It ’s been 2 years since our last redesign .
Our current stuff just looks old .
A redesign would bring new traffic to the site .
Too often , look and feel , color scheme , layout , and identity are presented as solutions to problems discussed in these conversations long before regard is given to other less - aesthetic issues that may very well be the root of the problem .
The old warning against treating symptom rather than cause comes to mind .
In direct contrast to the Redesigners , the Realigners cite strategic objectives and user needs as reasons to consider a site overhaul :
Market trends have shifted .
Should our website be adjusted accordingly ?
Our users ’ needs have changed .
Do we need to adapt ?
We ’ve added 3 new sections and a slew of new content to the site over the last 12 months .
Are we presenting content as effectively as we can ?
Our current website does little to convey the strength of our product offering .
Does our online presence enhance or devalue our overall brand perception ?
Thus , the differences between Redesigners and Realigners might be summarized as follows :
The desire to redesign is aesthetic - driven , while the desire to realign is purpose - driven .
One approach seeks merely to refresh , the other aims to fully reposition and may or may not include a full refresh .
( Note that by “ reposition , ” I mean strategy and not physical location or dimensions . )
Do n’t get me wrong — I too have played the role of typical Redesigner at times .
We ’re all entitled to throw caution to the wind and redesign as a means of staying on top of one ’s game ( e.g. redesign contests and portfolio sites ) .
And besides , we ca n’t bear the full brunt of the blame — we ’re creatives first , strategists ( and info architects and project managers and coders and everything else under the sun ) second .
But I worry persistent redesigning with little cause often serves to promote only proprietary creativity , doing much to educate one in the hows of redesigning but little in the whys of realigning .
Just say no#section6
Perhaps the best way to educate one ’s self in the whys of realigning is to start by saying no .
Strategy is often just as much about saying no as it is about saying yes .
So is realigning .
Considered by many as the godfather of strategy , Michael Porter says it best in his Harvard Business Review article , “ What is Strategy ? ” ( emphasis mine ) :
The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do .
Thank you , Godfather Michael .
You ’ve given us reason to question redesigning and begin thinking about realigning , simply by first saying no to the typical whims of gratuitous refresh and renew .
But enough about strategy and other conceptual banter .
Let ’s talk practical application .
Proof Is In the Pixels#section7
So who ’s already riding the Realigner bandwagon ?
A few brief case studies follow .
Though we ’ve never met in person , I consider Jesse Bennett - Chamberlain one of my closest friends .
While authoring initial ideas for this article , I was given a peek at the upcoming redesign —er , realign — of Jesse ’s studio site , 31 Three .
Jesse had no idea I was penning thoughts on this subject , yet the instant I saw his nascent layout in raw format I knew I had my first case study .
After literally years of begging him to do so , Jesse was finally heeding the call to jump from tables to standards , as well as adding a blog to the site .
Accordingly , the site needed to be updated , yet an all - out redesign was n’t necessary .
He already had a solid design , so following a few minor color , grid , and typography changes he was well on his way to becoming a Realigner .
Gorgeous , is n’t it ?
Final score : Realigners 1 , Redesigners 0 .
Like most other sites of age , Dan Cederholm ’s SimpleBits has changed over the years .
But not as one might expect .
Take a look at the sequence of screen grabs below :
Notice any sweeping changes from year to year ?
Neither did I .
Dan has managed to tune , tweak , and adapt his site in response to growth and changes in positioning , while maintaining a skeleton that bears similarities with each passing phase .
As I ’ve watched Dan launch new versions over the years , he ’s done so with an eye toward purpose - driven improvements .
Chalk up another one for the Realigners .
“ But Cameron , ” you interject , “ these are a pair of small studio sites you ’re spoon - feeding us .
What about realigning on a larger scale ? ”
Not so fast , honey .
Keep reading .
Philanthropic realignment#section10
Over the summer , I had the pleasure of doing contract work for March of Dimes .
Founded by Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1938 , March of Dimes seeks to reduce premature births through research and fundraiser events such as WalkAmerica .
Following a generous referral from Nick Finck , they came to me in need of a new homepage .
As typical with other projects , I was provided an RFP before being selected for the project .
Here ’s the opening statement from that RFP :
In September of 2002 we launched our parent website , www.marchofdimes.com.
Since then , we ’ve built several other websites , our page views have grown exponentially , we ’ve built an online fundraising tool from the ground up that raised over $ 12 million this year , and gained tremendous credibility and interest from within the foundation itself …
To support all of these initiatives and continue our growth into other online communities ( message boards and blogs ) , we need to re-address and redesign our homepage .
Bingo .
They nailed it .
That ’s the thinking of a Realigner — purpose - driven retooling .
There ’s virtually no mention of aesthetics , but plenty of talk about responding to growth and new opportunities .
And so began the realignment of the March of Dimes homepage .
In fact , we were to realign only the homepage ; all other pages would remain intact .
The homepage , therefore , would not only need to address the issues mentioned in the RFP , but it would also need to integrate aesthetically with the rest of the site .
This fact alone silenced any desire for a full makeover .
It ’s probably no surprise , then , that the realigned homepage ( shown at right above ) will not be entirely different from the existing homepage .
The new homepage is scheduled to be released in the coming weeks and is still under final review at time of publication ( note the filler headline , for example ) .
The full - refresh disclaimer #section11
By now I hope I ’ve recruited you to join me on the Realigner sidelines .
However , be aware that I do n’t shun the full refresh in all its aesthetical glory when necessary .
It ’s perfectly fine to refresh the entire design from the ground up if there ’s good reason to do so , and especially if it ’s the cause and not merely the symptom of your site ’s woes .
In fact , this very site ( A List Apart ) underwent a similar transformation only weeks ago , based on a need to adapt to the new identity , brand extensions ( A Book Apart , An Event Apart ) , and other necessary improvements .
So by all means , bring on the full refresh should it be warranted .
Converting to realignism #section12
Ready to embrace the paradigm shift from redesign to realign ?
Consider the following when making the leap of faith to Realignism :
Ensure a “ raison d’être ” exists .
What are the reasons / objectives / purpose for realigning ?
I typically reserve a line in my clients ’ project summaries specifically for this item , What is the raison d’être for this project ?
Remember to say no just as much as you say yes .
Greg Storey ’s ALA foray on a similar topic is worth a read : “ Never Get Involved in a Land War in Asia ( or Build a Website for No Reason ) ” .
Determine what level of realignment is required .
Will minimal changes suffice , or is a total revamp necessary ?
A solid raison d’être will aid in answering this question .
Evaluate user switching costs .
What will the impact be to users of the site ?
How will they be forced , enticed , or encouraged to mentally “ switch ” to the realigned design and any changes to the user interface , navigation , color scheme , etc . ?
How painful or painless will the switch be ?
Will this affect the level of realignment required ?
Determine the impact on launch plans .
Answers to steps 2 and 3 will set the stage for launch and will likely determine such issues as whether a phased rollout or a single deployment is necessary .
Go get ’em , kids .
As Mom used to say , “ make something of yourself . ”
Team Realigner is a great place to start .
Euphoria Induced by Experimental Trickery
How our thoughts influence our emotions .
To illustrate this nomination for my top ten psychology studies I ’d like to tell you a story .
Imagine it ’s the 1960s and you ’re a first year psychology student at the University of Minnesota .
Being a brave soul , along with wanting a better final grade , you ’ve agreed to take part in a psychology experiment .
You ’ve heard that it involves testing a new vitamin injection but that has n’t put you off .
These are the days when men are real men and psychology experiments are real psychology experiments .
Innocent days before ethics committees and lawyers took over and stopped psychologists injecting people and lying about their motives in the name of understanding human behaviour .
So you turn up to the lab where a white - coated man tells you they are testing the effects of a vitamin injection on vision .
You roll up your sleeve and concentrate on those extra marks you ’re going to receive as result of participating in this experiment .
Messing around
Soon after the injection you are taken to different room where another student who has also just had the injection is waiting .
The other student , who nods and smiles when you come in , is scribbling on pieces of paper and seems full of energy .
His energy is infectious ; soon the two of you are playing catch and flying paper aeroplanes around the room .
Your childish enjoyment of just messing around increases .
You help the other student build a tower from a pile of folders lying around in the room , then try to shoot it down with elastic - band powered paper balls .
“ You are enjoying yourself .
Your heart - rate is higher , your face flushed , hands trembling . ”
You are enjoying yourself .
Your heart - rate is higher , your face flushed , hands trembling .
After a while the experimenter returns and asks you to fill out a questionnaire about your mood .
You indicate exactly how feel : euphoric , full of energy , ready for mischief .
A few hours later , after your involvement in the experiment has finished , you bump into a friend who also did the experiment .
When he relates what happened to him , you can hardly contain your amusement at the clever subterfuge .
Unlike you , your friend was told the vitamin injection had some side - effects including a raised heart - rate , trembling hands and a flushed face .
Like you they were shown into a room after the injection with the over - excited fellow student .
Unlike you , after interacting with them , they did n’t experience the same high level euphoria and excitement .
What ’s going on ?
The explanation
As you learned from the experimenter after it was finished , you were actually given a shot of adrenaline , not a vitamin preparation .
This increases your heart - rate , makes you hands tremble and flushes your face .
But as you were n’t expecting this to happen , to what do you attribute these changes in your body ’s state ?
Quite naturally , as it turns out , you think the physiological changes you ’re experiencing are from playing with a the student .
In fact the fellow student is in on the experiment .
He ’s been instructed to act in this manner in a certain manner with the participants .
“ Your friend had the same experience as you in all but one respect . ”
Your friend had the same experience as you in all but one respect .
Crucially , he was told to expect the physiological changes as a result of the injection .
Instead of interpreting the physiological changes as excitement , your friend already has an explanation for the sensations .
You , on the other hand , had no other explanation for the physiological changes than the fun you were having .
So , in effect , you ‘ explained ’ your feelings in terms of being euphoric when your physiological reactions had actually been manipulated by the injection .
In other words you thought messing around was much more exciting than it actually was .
A beautiful manipulation
I ’ve described two conditions from Schacter & Singer ’s ( 1962 ) landmark study .
They also controlled for elements such as the stimulating effect of having an injection and the suggestion effect of telling people what to expect from the injection .
Without knowing about these , you can still see the simple beauty of the experimental manipulation .
The only difference between you and your friend ’s experience was what you were told to expect .
Your emotional response flowed from there .
Ultimately Schachter & Singer ( 1962 ) were trying to understand how cognitions influence emotion .
In this they were successful to a certain extent .
Their study clearly illustrates the importance of how you interpret your physiological states , which themselves form an important component of your emotions .
Also , their cognitive theory of emotional arousal dominated for two decades .
No study is perfect , of course , and this one had some flaws .
It was criticised on two main grounds :
The size of the effect seen in the experiment was not that large .
Other researchers had difficulties repeating the experiment .
That said , there ’s no doubt their 1962 experiment was extremely influential , leading to a range of further studies and findings .
It ’s easy to see that this was a really smart experiment , stylishly executed .
Even today the essential spirit of this study lives on in the modern explanation of the emotions : appraisal theory .
Image credit : Andres Rueda
Peter Norvig on Google 's Hiring Practices
Peter Norvig on Google 's approach to hiring : “ You can see how hire - above - the - min leads to a precipitous drop in skill level ; one we 've been able to avoid . ”
I do n't think I 've ever seen a quantitative comparison of hiring strategies before .
Of course it 's a lot easier if it 's possible to quantify a candidate 's quality .
( Gavin : “ With all the stats available , it would be cool if google could actually point to the person / hire who brought the overall intelligence down . ” )
I like to interview programmer candidates .
Maybe it 's like having a standard geeky conversation except that the context demands that both interviewer and interviewee have extra special focus on the conversation and try harder than usual to be smart ( except that there 's also pressure not to be an arrogant asshole — take that , nerd ! ) .
Ever since
Will gave me a neat programming exercise as part of the hiring process at Intell / Agent , I 've been a big fan of using take - home programming assignments as the best way to get a feel for the person 's grasp of programming .
The exercise I use is actually an exact copy of the one Will gave me in 1995 or so , including the Lisp data files .
For the past few years I 've mostly been involved in hiring C++ programmers , so I throw in some C++ code to read the data .
The exercise takes a good programmer somewhere around 5 or 6 hours , which I think is substantial enough to get a good feel for the candidate 's design skills as well as their raw coding ability .
The instructions for the assignment and the data include some minor inconsistencies and areas of vagueness which were not originally intended , but which have explicitly not been fixed , so I get to see how people deal with that too ( emailing me with questions is a great response , as just one example ) .
HR departments have , at times , not wanted to ask candidates to spend so much effort and time on the exercise , which I think is pretty misguided .
It 's too hard to judge someone 's coding ability without seeing significant chunks of code , and it's not common for people to have a significant chunk of code that is n't legally encumbered in some way that prevents them from showing it to other people ( working on an open source project might be one way to solve this problem , but I wonder if there are other good solutions , too ) .
I used to ask candidates what they do n't like about their favorite programming languages , but too often people did n't have any good answers .
Which kind of blows my mind , and depressed me enough to create a pain barrier to even asking .
Do n't forget , every language sucks , man , and if you do n't realize that you better start wondering why not .
As Steve Yegge says ,
The very best Ruby programmers , as with any language , are the ones who can think outside Ruby ; i.e. , they know its limitations as well as its strengths .
It ’s extremely uncommon for average programmers or language novices to be able to speak intelligently about their favorite language ’s weaknesses , because the language books and tutorials rarely focus on the weaknesses .
One of these days I 'll finish my “ 20 True Reasons Lisp Sucks ” post .
Posted by jjwiseman at April 03 , 2006 12:35 PM
Fun Movie Quiz - 2
Hi again !
Welcome to the second part of our Awesome® , Amazing ® and Incredible ® Movie Quiz !
Oh , do n’t worry this one is as much Fun as the last one , but “ Fun ” just is n’t a flashy enough word for us to use in our PR Sentence .
At least that ’s what the PR goons told us .
Anyway , like last time we hope you will have much fun doing the test .
We tried to make this one a bit harder , but you know how it is - once it ’s on the Internet it gets solved in 5 minutes , so we are n’t really hoping on holding the fort for too long .
Again it ’s a gathering of movie stills , from 30 more of our all time favorites .
There are more older movies , but you can find pretty recent ones , too .
Most of the titles are American , but there are a few international in there .
Just to take you off your game .
You ’re even more of a nerd if you solve all of them this time .
Seriously , we did try to make it harder .
Unfortunately we have some bad news too .
We are all out of “ Wow we ’re impressed ” awards .
That ’s it .
We just ca n’t be impressed anymore this month .
Sorry .
Check back in March .
We could even be funny by March .
But do n’t count on it .
Take your time , as there is no time limit to the quiz .
This is meant to be fun , so if you get frustrated just let it rest for a day and try again .
Try solving it by yourself – that ’s the way pros do it .
Here are some tips : 1 . DON ’T PANIC
2 . If you ’re sure you know the movie , but are uncertain about the spelling go to imdb.com and check it .
If for some reason the script refuses to acknowledge a right answer … well it ’s obviously wrong .
We ’re pretty confident in our spelling .
It does n’t matter if you try in caps or not , it is not case sensitive .
( note : We are from Europe .
So we ’re kind of used to UK titles .
So we use them .
If some hypothetical movie is called “ Puma ” , it does n’t matter if it ’s called “ The Uber - Sikrit Agent ” in the USA , we ’ll still call it “ Puma ” .
We ’re just like that , stupid and stubborn . )
3 . If you ’re very , very stuck try finishing the movie quiz with friends .
It should be a fun social experience .
4 . Do n’t use IMDB , other than to check your spelling .
It ’s cheating and it takes away from the fun .
5 . There are some really tricky ones , but most are from a signature scene in the movie .
If you ca n’t recognize the actor , try to remember the scene that the still is from .
It should help you .
6 . Do n’t ask us for the answers , we wo n’t tell it to you .
We ’re keeping our secrets to ourselves .
Ask your friends .
Or that other guy… what was he name , something with G – Guugel or something .
Yeah , go ask him .
Good Luck and , more importantly , have fun .
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Scoring : 1 – Come on , you can do better ; 2 - 7 – You have n’t seen a lot of movies , besides the high budget ones .
There ’s more to cinema , you know ;
8 -19 – Pretty good .
You ’ve got a good knowledge about movies and have seen a lot .
You probably missed most of the tricky ones .
No shame in that ;
20 - 29 – You go to the movies a lot , eh ?
Pretty amazing score , you got some ( if not all ) of the tricky ones .
Amazing job all around .
You should be proud ;
30 – YOU ARE A MOVIE GOD .
And officially eligible for our annual “ Wow , we ’re impressed ” award ( No reward , if you did n’t hear the news , we ’re all out ) .
Now send us a mail , so we can praise you some more .
CORRECT ANSWERS : 0 / 30
Long ago and across the world in Vietnam , I had the job of persuading enemy soldiers to leave their government to join " our side " in the long struggle there against revolutionary socialism .
Some of my experiences could be replicated in places such as Iraq and Afghanistan , although the recent news makes me wonder if it 's still possible to bring people over to our side .
The names we hear daily in the news – " Haditha , " and " Hamandiya " among several others – represent serious investigations into atrocities allegedly committed by American troops .
It 's impossible to say now what the outcome of these investigations will be .
Many of the allegations involve the treatment of Iraqi and Afghan civilians .
Some include people who were clearly combatants on the other side in the war .
The responsibility of our soldiers – or anyone 's soldiers – to safeguard non-combatants is crystal clear in our law and in international law .
The problem of how to deal with enemy fighters is another and more complicated issue .
At the commencement of this war on terror the Bush administration decided that enemy fighters would not be considered " prisoners of war , " although they would be afforded comparable protections .
This judgment , in my view , has made possible the questionable internment and interrogation facility at Guantánamo , " rendition " of prisoners to countries that are known to torture prisoners , such as Egypt , and a general lowering of standards in the treatment of prisoners in places such as the Abu Ghraib prison complex .
From personal experience as a military intelligence officer who dealt with prisoners of war in Vietnam , I can tell you that the rules were quite different .
In Vietnam , enemy prisoners of war were treated in accordance with the Geneva Conventions and were given the POW designation .
Many people have seen photographs of American or South Vietnamese soldiers with prisoners from the other side , the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army .
Although there were undoubtedly instances in which individual Americans abused prisoners , I would defy anyone to provide photographic evidence of such abuse in a facility for the detention of enemy prisoners of war in Vietnam .
The enemies captured in Vietnam were held by US or South Vietnamese military police ( MPs ) , interrogated by US Army or South Vietnamese military intelligence , and then sent to prisoner - of - war camps that were run by the South Vietnamese Army under the tutelage of American MP advisers .
Some exceptions applied .
Underground political cadres ( communist politicians secretly running a shadow government ) , for example , were not considered to be prisoners of war because they were neither soldiers nor organized guerillas and thus were not protected by the Fourth Geneva Convention on the treatment of prisoners of war .
They were treated as criminals and traitors to the South Vietnamese state .
Enemy intelligence personnel apprehended in civilian clothes were subject to the sanction traditionally reserved for spies .
There 's the famous picture of South Vietnam 's chief of police , for example , shooting a captured North Vietnamese intelligence officer in the street during the 1968 Tet offensive .
The South Vietnamese general thought he was acting within his legal rights .
Nevertheless , the great majority of captured enemies , and by that I mean soldiers and guerrillas captured on the battlefield , went to prisoner - of - war camps .
These camps were located throughout the country .
They housed thousands of enemy soldiers until the end of the war under conditions that met the standards of the International Committee of the Red Cross , the organization charged with monitoring adherence to the Geneva Conventions .
Part of my job that year was proselytizing in these camps , trolling for those who might want to change sides .
I visited a number of these camps in 1972 and did not see anything very objectionable about them .
When the war finally ended , these imprisoned soldiers were returned to their own side .
But as in any war , soldiers who are not so firmly anchored to one side can be persuaded to " come over . "
Often these men are among the most intelligent and experienced , who have come to see war itself as a cynical game played by the powerful at the soldiers ' expense .
Hundreds of prisoners decided to change sides during the Vietnam War and join with US or South Vietnamese forces .
One of the most useful projects that the " turncoats " served in were the " Kit Carson Scouts . "
These former enemy soldiers wore our uniforms , bore arms as part of our combat forces , and accompanied our own soldiers in the field .
Their knowledge of the enemy 's methods and habits proved invaluable .
After demonstrating their loyalty to the American forces during the war , many of them came to live in the US .
I talked with a lot of prisoners that year .
But one stands out .
I was " scouting " in the POW camps for someone suitable for a special project that my unit was " running . "
We needed an enemy officer – an expert resource – to advise our intelligence analysts .
We were notified that there was someone in a facility near Saigon who might be interested .
I drove out there to see a North Vietnamese lieutenant .
We spent the day in a whitewashed room , smoking Gitanes ( French cigarettes ) , drinking tea , and chatting .
The lieutenant had been a rifle company commander in the 325th NVA Division .
He spoke excellent French and had graduated from a good school in the North .
Like me , he had served a previous tour of duty in South Vietnam .
He was an Olympic competitor in marksmanship and had been sent to the Olympic Games in Europe after his first combat tour .
When he returned home , he was upgraded from a sergeant to an officer and sent back to South Vietnam with the 325th – an outfit akin to the 82nd Airborne Division in our forces .
During our chat , we discovered that we had actually fought each other a couple of times in the Central Highlands of South Vietnam in days gone by .
This was a kind of bond .
At the end of the day , he said that he wanted to get out of " this place , " and that he had no one to go home to in the North .
He asked if I thought he could live in California " afterward . "
He left the camp with me to work with our forces against his former comrades .
I hope he made it to the Golden State .
None of this sounds like Iraq .
We do n't seem to really grasp the variety of our enemies in Iraq .
We do n't seem to know how to take advantage of that .
I hope I am wrong .
• Patrick Lang is former head of human intelligence collection and Middle East intelligence at the Defense Intelligence Agency .
A jury at Plymouth Magistrates ' Court was shown the footage
The seven - minute footage , filmed at a house by one woman , was shown in a case at Plymouth Magistrates ' Court .
In the clip , a boy wearing a nappy was called a " wimp " for not hitting a girl back after she struck him in the face .
Four women admitted child cruelty charges and were released on bail on Wednesday .
Det Sgt Andy Kings said the police had been " shocked " by the case .
I did n't see any harm in toughening them up
A defendant
" Locally this is something that is new to us , but we are aware that similar incidents have occurred elsewhere in the country and it is something people need to be aware of . "
The film was found by social services .
The boy , aged two , is seen crying after being punched in the face by the three - year - old girl and is told by one of the four women in the room " not to be a wimp or a faggot " and to hit her back .
The four women , all from the same family , are heard laughing as the toddlers are urged to keep on fighting .
' Taunted '
When the boy tries to get away and climb into an armchair , the women shout at the girl to punch him again .
She does and the boy is urged to fight back , but says : " No , I do n't want to . "
The girl leaves the room , and when she comes back the two are taunted and told to fight again .
The court heard that when interviewed by police , one of the women said : " I did n't see any harm in toughening them up .
I done the same with my own children . "
One of the women pleaded guilty to causing or procuring the children to be ill treated in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering or injury .
The other three pleaded guilty to jointly inciting the ill treatment of children .
Sentencing was adjourned until 16 March for reports .
The children are in the care of Plymouth City Council 's Social Services .
Add some spice to your diet by incorporating foods from other cultures !
By incorporating ethnic foods into your lifestyle you are adding history and flavor .
Find delicious Indian food recipes online .
Want to learn how to cook Italian food ?
All you need is the internet !
Whether you are looking for Greek , Ethiopian or Indian food , the internet has the best recipes !
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
In 1848 , a twenty - five - year - old construction foreman named Phineas Gage won nationwide fame by way of a hole in his head .
While working on a railroad project in Vermont , he experienced a severe brain injury when a three - foot - long , fourteen pound tamping iron was violently propelled through his skull .
Astonishingly , he lived to tell about it .
At the time of the accident , one of Gage ’s duties was to set explosive charges to remove unwanted sections of large rocks .
Typically , a long , narrow hole was drilled into the rock which was then filled with gunpowder and ignited .
Before lighting the fuse , the hole was topped off with sand , and a three - foot - long , 1.25 ″ diameter iron tamping rod was used to pack down the gunpowder .
However on 13 September 1848 , Gage was distracted momentarily while in the process of preparing a blast , and he neglected to add the protective barrier of sand .
When he thrust the iron tamper into the hole in the rock , it created a spark , and the gunpowder was ignited .
The resulting explosion propelled the fourteen pound iron rod straight into the air with the force of a cannon , causing it to pass through Gage ’s skull in the process .
It entered through the bottom of his left cheekbone and exited through the top of his head , then continued to fly in an arc across the sky , landing almost 100 feet behind him .
The unscheduled explosion got the attention of his fellow railroad workers , who rushed over to see if there was a problem .
What they found was Phineas Gage slumped on the ground with a hole through his skull .
Amazingly , the man was still alive and breathing .
Even more amazingly , within moments his eyes were open and he was speaking to his fellow workers .
The injured Gage was quickly loaded into a cart , and transported back to his boarding house , some 45 minutes away .
When Dr. John Martyn Harlow arrived , Phineas was conscious and had a regular heartbeat , and both of his pupils reacted to light normally .
He was reported to be “ in full possession of his reason , and free from pain . ”
He was under the care of Dr. Harlow for ten weeks , at which point he was sent home to Lebanon , New Hampshire .
But while he was recovering , the doctor noted some changes in the man ’s demeanor and personality .
People who had known him before the accident described him as hard - working , responsible , and popular with his workers , but after the traumatic injury , Phineas Gage was not the same man .
In regards to his patient , Dr. Harlow wrote :
Gage was fitful , irreverent , indulging at times in the grossest profanity ( which was not previously his custom ) , manifesting but little deference for his fellows , impatient of restraint or advice when it conflicts with his desires , at times pertinaciously obstinate , yet capricious and vacillating , devising many plans of future operations , which are no sooner arranged than they are abandoned in turn for others appearing more feasible .
A child in his intellectual capacity and manifestations , he has the animal passions of a strong man .
Previous to his injury , although untrained in the schools , he possessed a well - balanced mind , and was looked upon by those who knew him as a shrewd , smart businessman , very energetic and persistent in executing all his plans of operation .
In this regard his mind was radically changed , so decidedly that his friends and acquaintances said he was ‘ no longer Gage ’ .
Several months after the accident Gage felt strong enough to return to work , yet due to his personality changes , his previous employers would not entrust him with the foreman position he had previously held .
In the following years , he took various jobs caring for horses , driving stagecoaches , and doing some farm work .
He also briefly appeared at a museum in New York which was curated by the infamous P. T. Barnum , alongside the tamping iron which had impaled his brain .
Not much is known about his years after the injury , but eleven years after the accident , when he was aged thirty - seven years , Gage began to experience epileptic seizures .
He died several months later , on 21 May 1860 .
His brain was not subjected to any medical examination at that time , but seven years later his body was exhumed so that his skull might be studied .
It has since been subjected to much scrutiny .
It was determined that damage occurred to Gage ’s skull in three places :
There is a relatively small area under the cheek bone where the tamping iron first impacted , the orbital bone behind the eye socket , and very large hole where the iron rod emerged .
The bone fragments over the exit wound were very skillfully put back in place by Dr. Harlow⁠ — so much so that it was hardly visible from outside the skull⁠ — but the original hole was about three and a half inches long by two inches wide .
There is still some controversy over the extent of damage to Phineas ’ brain .
It is certain that it passed through the anterior frontal cortex and white matter , but it has not been determined with certainty whether the lesion involved both frontal lobes or was limited only to the left side .
In any case , the damage caused by the accident was roughly equivalent to a frontal lobotomy .
Today , Gage ’s skull and the tamping rod which damaged it are on permanent display at Harvard ’s Countway Library of Medicine .
The incident did much to advance the field of neurology , as it was among the first evidence suggesting that damage to the frontal lobes could alter aspects of personality and affect social skills .
Before Gage ’s brain injury , the frontal lobes were largely thought to have little role in behavior .
Top 20 Games That Nobody Played – But You Should
There are hundreds of excellent games that have been released over the last two decades that never quite got the attention and sales they deserved .
Many times it is because of lousy marketing , but at least some of these games find an afterlife as a cult classic .
While not all of these titles are “ retro ” , I hope that you consider taking a look at all of these games .
Update :
If you want to read a more in - depth look at under - appreciated games , check out our Hidden Gems series
Jet Grind Radio / Jet Set Radio – Dreamcast
The combination of slick cell - shading graphics , energetic music , adrenaline - pumping action , and a very unique premise made Jet Grind Radio a title that no serious gamer should go without .
Unfortunately , JGR was left on a lot of store shelves as it suffered from very little marketing , a confusing title , and lousy cover art .
Game shoppers just did n’t have any motivation to give it a chance .
Many gamers that did give the game a try were quickly discouraged by the initially - tricky controls .
But I can assure you that once you put a bit of time into the game , it will become second nature and you will be having a blast .
The game saw a sequel on the XBox in Jet Set Radio Future , but that game seemed to be watered down a bit in gameplay and did n’t bring anything new and exciting in return .
Full Review of Jet Grind Radio
Panzer Dragoon Saga – Saturn
Touted by many Saturn fans as the greatest RPG ever , PD Saga is still a hot commodity on eBay .
The graphics were great for it ’s time , the gameplay was deep , and the total of 4 - discs brought you to a new world that few games have rivaled .
Saga came out near the end of the Saturn ’s short life and combined with a relatively short print run , not very many gamers got their hands on the game initially .
It was n’t until the Playstation , N64 , and the Dreamcast made it onto the scene that the Saturn and its crown RPG got the recognition it deserved from hardcore , classic gamers .
Why Saga was never ported to another system , I will never know .
Full Review of Panzer Dragoon Saga
Pac-Man Vs. – Gamecube
Pac - Man vs. is possibly one of the best party games ever to grace a console .
It does n’t matter if your friends are gamers or not .
If you have 3 controllers and a GBA w / Link cable , you will have fun with this game .
In Vs. , up to three people control the ghosts on the screen .
When a ghost eats Pacman , the two players switch roles .
The beauty of it all is that the player controlling Pacman uses a GBA to see the entire map and the ghosts are limited to viewing a small area around themselves .
So even though the rules of the game have n’t really changed , the experience is profoundly different than the original .
Shigeru Miyamoto , father of Mario and the brain behind Vs. , originally planned on having this game as a release on its own , but instead came bundled with a couple of other existing Namco GameCube titles .
Because of this , it was never really marketed and given much attention .
Full Review of Pac - Man Vs .
Guardian Heroes – Saturn
Developed by fan - favorite , Treasure , Guardian Heroes is another late - blooming Saturn title that many people still have n’t discovered .
Guardian Heroes is a beatemup with strong RPG elements .
Treasure combined great 2D animation , a unique control scheme , and killer gameplay with the ability to level up and focus the skills that you choose .
If the game caught on as much as it should have , it could have brought new life to the beatemup genre .
A psedo - port / sequel showed up on the Gameboy Advance , but it lacking much of the excitement of the original .
Also worth mentioning is Panzer Bandit , a Playstation game that is basically a Guardian Heroes - copycat that was enjoyable , but lacked much of the Treasure Charm and RPG elements .
Full Review of Guardian Heroes
Beyond Good And Evil – PS2 , Gamecube , XBox
Possibly one the best games of 2004 , Beyond Good and Evil featured a magical combination of action , animation , and storytelling that won it many high ratings .
The game represented high quality and production values when most other games on the market were either re-hashes of other successful games or just plain awful .
Even though it did receive a decent amount of advertising from UbiSoft , shoppers just did n’t respond to this new title among a sea of big - name sequels that were released at the same time .
While it receive many critical acclaims from both the press and the gamers that tried it , many BG&E cases were still sitting on stores ’ clearance shelves .
Full Review of Beyond Good and Evil
Samba De Amigo – Dreamcast
If you enjoy rhythm games , monkeys , and need something different from Dance Dance Revolution , you really need to take a look at Samba De Amigo .
Samba is another one of the ultimate party games and deserves another chance .
It involves waving / shaking maracas in certain directions to match the upbeat music .
Many people find it much easier for beginners to play as opposed to DDR , but it still is a challenge in higher levels and it can be a riot to watch your friends shake their maracas like there ’s no tomorrow .
Hampered by the high price of Sega ’s first party maracas , Samba did n’t sell very well .
Now , cheaper third - party maraccas can be found online , but I find the game to be highly enjoyable even with traditional controllers .
Full Review of Samba De Amigo
Snatcher – Sega CD ( plus a few others if you read Japanese )
Heavily inspired by Blade Runner , Snatcher is an RPG - like adventure game that is developed by Konami and the people behind the Metal Gear Solid series .
Originally made for the MSX and some other older platforms in Japan , Snatcher finally had an English port on the Sega CD .
Unfortunately like many other terrific games on Sega ’s platforms it came out on the tail end of a dying system .
To this day it is still claiming a premium on eBay .
Snatcher was also released on the Saturn in Japan along with it ’s 3 - disc sequel Policenauts .
Policenauts was n’t quite as fortunate as Snatcher , as it never saw an English release ( petition anyone ? )
Update : Could a DS Port Be On Its Way ?
Full Review of Snatcher
River City Ransom – NES , GBA
You could say that River City Ransom was a precusor to Guardian Heroes .
It was the original beatemup on the NES that had entertaining RPG elements .
The game has a unique style that is fun and still looks cool today in a cartoony sort of way .
It ’s personality is one that still is rarely matched today .
It ’s simple controls and deep gameplay have taken it from it ’s originally obscure status to a bit of a cult favorite .
It also made its way to the Gameboy Advance , but yet again , it did n’t seem to sell well .
Full Review of River City Ransom
Phantasy Star 2 – Genesis
One of the greatest RPGs of of the 16 - bit era , Phantasy Star 2 had rich storyline in a futuristic setting , several worlds to explore , and a cataclysmic epic with a truly satisfying conclusion .
While the the Final Fantasy installments and other Square RPGs may have gotten all the attention on the SNES , Phantasy Star 2 showed that RPG fans could have fun on the Genesis .
Full Review of Phantasy Star 2
Rocket Knight Adventures – Genesis
In the avalanche of 2D platformers during the 16 - bit era , it was easy for a game like Konami ’s Rocket Night Adventures to get lost in the shuffle .
Rocket Knight Adventures has more technique and plot than any other platform of the era .
The slick effects and big bosses alone can carry the game .
It may have its flaws — mainly with the replay value , but overall , this is one of the best bets for the Genesis , period .
Full Review of Rocket Knight Adventures
Silhouette Mirage – Playstation , Saturn
Treasure once again , beautifully pushes the 2D envelope to the max on both the Saturn and PSX in addition to having a wonderful soundtrack and great sound effects .
Treasure is generally regarded among industry veterans to be one of the best developers of original 2D action games .
Thanks to Treasure ’s creativity , Silhouette Mirage has revolutionary play mechanics and an insane amount of depth .
It features gameplay elements depending on changing colors — much like Treasure ’s later shmup masterpiece , Ikaruga .
While Treasure has a great deal of quality titles , they are rarely promoted much and often have obscure names .
Silhouette Mirage ended up in bargain bins and can still be found for a reasonable price on the Playstation .
Full Review of Silhouette Mirage
Virtua Tennis – Dreamcast , Arcade
Having the essential quality of being easy to play and difficulty to master , Virtua Tennis was one of the sleeper hit of short - lived Sega Dreamcast .
It is often overlooked as a killer party game — I have had many parties with both guys and girls of all gaming levels having a blast on a 4 - player doubles tournament .
While other enjoyable tennis titles have come long since ( Top Spin and Mario Power Tennis ) , Virtua Tennis still holds up as being possibly the best tennis game ever .
Also worth mentioning is the sequel , Tennis 2K2 is also on the Dreamcast .
Full Review of Virtua Tennis
X -COM : UFO Defense – Playstation , PC
In this cult - favorite , players battle an alien invasion by building bases and handling inventory , attacking UFOs , managing a staff of researchers and engineers , and sending your squads of soldiers off to engage in one of the most intense , enjoyable turn - based tactical games ever .
Over the decade , X - COM has still not been topped in terms of strategy .
Although it may be lacking eye - candy , the depth of gameplay , open - endedness and amazing atmosphere created by the audio simply makes this game amazing .
Full Review of X - COM : UFO Defense
Chu Chu Rocket – Dreamcast , GBA
Chu Chu Rocket was extremely popular and recognized by most gamers who had actually played it and virtually unknown otherwise .
The concept is simple : point mice into your rocket , keep cats away from your rocket .
Put four players on the same board and the trash - talking quickly escalates .
Reversals of fortune , spontaneous alliances and blistering speed and deep strategy easily make up for its rudimentary graphics .
I have to admit , this game would be hard to sell .
If you picked this game off the shelf and took a look at the screenshots , it seems very confusing .
But I can attest to the fact that if you give this game a chance , you ’ll adore it .
Full Review of Chu Chu Rocket
The Adventures of Cookie & Cream – PS2
C&C is one of the most underrated co-op experiences .
This game is about true cooperative game mechanics .
Forget about other co-op games that allow the leading player to drag the other player along through checkpoints – this game requires both players to complete puzzles and challenges together , otherwise neither player can progress .
It is presented in a clear and intuitive fashion so that I can play it with casual gamer friends .
It is also challenging enough that my hardcore gamer friends enjoy it as well .
I ’m sure it is often overlooked since it ’s too cute for its own good .
The main characters are two bunnies in a cartoon world , and the graphics are only average , but they blend well with the artistic direction of the game .
Full Review of The Adventures of Cookies and Cream
Puyo Pop Fever – Dreamcast , Gamecube , DS , PS2 , PSP
Puzzle games are easily overlooked by game shoppers as they are usually not that flashy and do n’t receive much promotion .
In addition , most puzzle game sequels do n’t bring much to the table other than unsuccessfully messing with a formula that is already working .
The Puyo Puyo franchise ( some sequels went by other names in the US ) has been around since the NES days and not much happened in the innovation department until the late Japanese release of Puyo Puyo Fever on the Dreamcast .
While Fever offered the orignal gameplay that puzzle fans came to love , it also brought a Fever Mode that brought more strategy and combo-blitzing without adding too much chaos .
Puzzle sequels like Bust - A - Move 4 promoted heavy combos , but in doing so , it made them a little too easy and made the game crazy and unpredictable .
Puyo Pop
Fever has the perfect balance of strategy and simplicity which makes it a title that both hardcore and casual gamers can enjoy .
Full Review of Puyo Pop Fever
Ogre Battle – SNES , Playstation , GBA
This game has received its fair share of blank stares when mentioned in conversations with fellow gamers .
The game was a hybrid real time strategy / turn - based RPG that let you build up an army of up to 100 characters .
I think the game fell short in popularity partly because of the length of levels ( some battles could last an hour easily ) , and partly because of its small original retail release .
The game comes highly recommended because of the near flawless game balancing and design .
Full Review of Ogre Battle
Herzog Zwei – Genesis
Combining elements of real - time strategy and resource management into a shmup , Herzog Zwei is possibly one of the best games on Sega ’s 16 - bit powerhouse .
Game developers these days tend to stick to a single genre , rather than combining elements from several .
It ’s a shame because hybrid games like this always get me excited .
Full Review of Herzog Zwei
Shadowrun – Super Nintendo , Genesis , Sega CD
Based on a pen and paper RPG , the console versions of Shadowrun are an RPG that is set in a dark future .
The gameplay is more similar to Western PC RPGs as opposed to traditional Japanese console RPGs .
Because of this , it seemed to stay under the radar of mainstream console gamers .
Instead of using experience points that you find in most RPGs , which allow you to move up levels , Shadowrun uses karma points , which you earn one at a time .
These Karma points are used to make your character more powerful .
And like Guardian Heroes , the game allows you to choose what aspects of your character you wish to improve .
Full Review of Shadowrun
Propeller Arena – Dreamcast
I am sure that nobody bought this game in stores — basically because it was never sold .
Propeller Arena was slated to be a big release with great online capabilities .
It ’s solid arcade - style dogfighting action would have been great in an online community ( much like Crimson Skies eventually was on XBox Live ) .
However , the game kept getting delayed until it was getting close to the point where Sega ceased Dreamcast production .
It used 9/11 as an excuse for canceling the game since one stage in the game allows you to fly your planes into sky - scrapers .
The game was finished by Sega and a limited number of final test copies were floating around .
Finally , a couple years ago , one of those test copies was sold for a great deal of cash , ripped , and released on the Net.
Now , all the members of the Dreamcast “ scene ” have a copy of the game .
Yes , I have a copy myself , and the game is incredible .
Sure , Crimson Skies can rival it , but if you are a Dreamcast owner , it ’s definitely a thrill .
Full Review of Propeller Arena
Related Links :
お正月には新年を祝うロゴ、オリンピックには聖火をあしらったロゴなど、グーグルのロゴは、ときどき遊び心のあるものに差し替わる。グーグルでロゴを描いているデニスさんに話を聞いた。
プロフィール デニス・ホワ ン( Denis Hwang）。スタンフォード大学で芸術とコンピュータサイエンスを専攻。在学中の2000年にインターンとしてグーグルに入社。ウェブマスター兼ロゴ描きとして多忙な日々を過ごす。韓国系アメリカ人、28歳。
まさか絵を描くと思わずに入社
[ 編集部 ] そもそもグーグルのロゴ遊びはいつ頃はじまったのですか？
[ デニス ] ロゴ遊びは、まだグーグルが創業者の2人だけで運用されていた1998年ごろに始まりました。砂漠のど真ん中で夜を徹して行なわれる“バーニングマン・フェスティバル”というヒッピー的な芸術祭があるのですが、ラリーとセルゲイは、このフェスティバルに参加するとき、サーバが一時的に管理者不在になるということをユーザーに知らせるために、ロゴに絵を加えました。まだ、机の下で数台のサーバーを動かしていたような時代です。
グーグル初のお絵かきロゴ
[ 編集部 ] 最初のころのロゴはデニスさんではなかった？
[ デニス ] ええ、私は2000年の夏にインターンとしてグーグルに加わりましたから、それまでにもすでにいくつかお絵かきロゴがありました。私が加わった当時でも、グーグルは100人にも満たない小さな会社で、みんなが家族みたいなものでした。それで、すぐに創業者の目にとまったんですね。「君は芸術とコンピューターを専攻してたっけ、ロゴを描いてみない？」って。
[ 編集部 ] それから、ずっ と6年間？
[ デニス ] はい、最初に描いたフランス革命記念日のロゴが良かったのか、以来ずっと任されています。
最初のころは、自分がいったい何に関わろうとしているのかぜんぜん分からなくて不安でしたね。まだ当時は22歳ぐらいでしたから、すごく真剣に考えこんだりして。
昼はウェブマスターの仕事、夜はロゴのお絵描き
[ 編集部 ] でも、ロゴ専任ではない ？
[ デニス ] 絵が好きなので、絵だけでやっていけたらいいんですが、本職はウェブマスターです(笑)
グーグルの技術者は仕事時間の2割を、目の前の仕事以外の何かに割り当てることになっています。私の場合、それがロゴの絵描きですね。
[ 編集部 ]
1枚描くのに何時間ぐらい？
[ デニス ] 全体の2割の時間というのは、だいたい当てはまりますが、ものによりますね。オリンピックのある週だと、毎日絵を差し替えるので、ほとんどずっと絵ばかり描いていますが、技術的なプロジェクトがあれば、ずっとプログラミングをやっているという週もあります。大きなイベントや休日があると忙しくなるので、最近は休日恐怖症なんですよ(笑)
トリノオリンピック時のロゴ
[ 編集部 ] 絵は手描のものをスキャンしているんですか？
[ デニス ] いえ、最初からデジタル作業です。アドビのPhotoshopと、コーレルのPainterを使って描いています。以前はワコム製のタブレットを使っていましたが、最近はタブレットPCですね。やっぱり直接画面に線が描けるほうが使いやすくて、これでずいぶん時間短縮になりました。
[ 編集部 ] 下世話な質問で恐縮ですが、絵では報酬をもらっていないんですか？
[ デニス ] まったくもらっていません(笑)
国や文化別に表示するロゴも
[ 編集部 ] どのぐらいの頻度で絵を描くのですか？
[ デニス ] スケジュールは特に決まっていません。グーグルのブランドイメージに合うものであれば、何でもネタにします。“ イノベーション ” 、“ テクノロジ ー ” 、“ ギーキ ー( geeky：技術系オタクっぽい ) ” 、そういうのがおおざっぱなガイドラインですね。
[ 編集部 ] デニスさんがネタを決めるんですか？
[ デニス ]
いまは3人ぐらいのグループが3～4ヵ月に1度集まってカレンダーを囲んで取り上げるネタを決めています。アインシュタインの誕生日だったり、芸術家の誕生日だったり、あるいは月面着陸の記念日だったり、いろいろです。ユーザーからのリクエストを採用することもあります。
地域や言語別のネタも増えています。たとえば、ペルシャのお正月はペルシャ語のページでしか表示されません。日本の七夕についても、ほかの国の人には意味がないので、日本のグーグルでのみ表示という形になっています。
最近は絵を描くこと自体には慣れて手早く描けるようになったんですが、何をどうやって描くかを考えるのに、時間がかかるようになってきました。七夕の背後には、とても美しい物語があって、そういうもの調べて、どう絵に表現しようかと考えたり。
それと、もう5、6年もやっていますから、クリスマスやサンクスギビングのように毎年繰り返すネタについても、いかに去年と違うものを描くかということで頭を悩ませています。
日本の七夕を祝うロ ゴ
フランスの革命記念日のロゴ
遺伝学者からDNA の絵にクレーム!?
[ 編集部 ] ファンがパロディーとして描いた、非公式なフェイクロゴがたくさんありますが、ご覧になったことはありますか？
[ デニス ] ええ、なかには、公の場に出すと……、すごくマズいネタのものもありますよね(笑)
でも、ユーザーのみなさんが楽しんでいるのはいいことじゃないでしょうか。
ふつうロゴというのは、神聖なものなんですね。絶対に触れちゃいけない。マクドナルドにしても、BMWにしても、色とか形といったデザインは非常に厳しく管理されています。ところが、グーグル創業者の2人は、いつも人と違うふうに物事を考えるんです。「なんで？
なんでそうでなきゃいけないんだ、と」。大量の情報を詰め込んだポータルサイトが流行していたなかで、スッキリと検索ウィンドウだけにしたのも、そういう発想からでしたし、ロゴで遊んでしまおうと考えたのも同じだと思います。
[ 編集部 ] 描いてからボツになったロゴは？
[ デニス ]
最初のころはよくありました。たとえば、DNAの絵を描いたんですが、それを見たラリーは、あごを撫でながら、「うーん、これって2匹の魚が絡まってるだけに見えるよね」なんて言って(笑)
ほかにも、2004年ごろだったと思いますが、一連のスノーマンシリーズ。もともと最初の絵では、スノーマンの鼻を抜き取ってそれに雪を入れてアイスクリームのようして食べるというストーリーにしていたんです。でも、ちょっとやりすぎじゃないかというので、ラリーは「もうちょっとファミリー向けっぽいほうがいいんじゃないかな」と提案しました。それで結局、子どものスノーマンが親スノーマンを手伝ってロゴを作り直しているような構図になりました。
[ 編集部 ] DNA の絵は生物学者たちから反応があったと聞きました。
[ デニス ] あのときは驚きましたね。ものの数分で世界中の遺伝学者から「二重らせんになってない！」と指摘を受けました。
でも、その絵を描くためにずいぶん自分なりに調査をして慎重に慎重に描きましたから、間違っていないという自信があったんです。それでいったい何が不満なんだろうかと思って、よくよく聞いてみると、「いや、2本が平行になっているだけで、互いに絡まっていないんだ」と言うんですよ。そう指摘されて改めて注意深く細部を見直してみたら、確かに2ドットぶんの色が違っていたんです(笑)
本来手前に描くべき線を、一部分背後に描いてしまっていたんですね。
といっても、科学者たちは別に怒っていたわけではなく、むしろ、われわれがDNAのらせん構造発見の記念日をテーマに取り上げたことを歓迎するコメントが多かったのですが。
遺伝学者たちから間違いの指摘を受けて修正したというDNAの二重らせん構造を取り入れたロゴ
[ 編集部 ] そうです ね 、DNAのロゴを見たユーザーは、なぜDNAなんだろうと思うでしょうし、それがDNAと分からない子どもたちもロゴをクリックして学習するでしょうしね。
[ デニス ] そうなんです、そういう教育的な配慮もあります。たとえば、いま世界中で使われている点字“ブライユ点字”を開発したルイ・ブライユの生誕記念日には思い切った点字の図柄にしました。
[ 編集部 ] あれは一瞬エラーかと思いました(笑 )
でも、すぐにリサーチして、日本のかな文字の点字文化のことや、点字図書館の存在について学ぶことになりました。点字図書館の人気貸し出し書籍リストを見たりして、私にとっては新鮮なオドロキでした。翌日は駅で覚えたての点字をなぞりもしました。
ブライユ点字 で “ Google ” と綴ったロゴ。現在普及している1文字を6点で表わす点字を開発したルイ・ブライユの生誕記念日に掲載
お気に入りは芸術家の作風を真似たロゴ
[ 編集部 ] 思い出深いロゴは ？
[ デニス ] ロゴではありませんが、エイプリルフールネタで使った鳩の絵ですね。グーグルの“ページランキングテクノロジー”の技術解説するというジョークネタで、端末の前に鳩をずらーっと並べた絵を描こうとしたんですね。グーグルでは大量の鳩たちがページを選別しています、というマジメな解説もつけて(笑)
それで鳩の写真がたくさん欲しかったのですが、その当時はまだグーグルはお金がなくて商業用の写真が買えなかったんです。
[ 編集部 ]
1枚で数万円しますよね。
[ デニス ] ええ、それ で 「写真を買いたい」という話をしたら、午後になってセルゲイからメールが来ました。「さっき外で鳩を見たよ、ちょっと出ていって写真を撮って来たらどうだ」って。ところが実際にカメラをもって外に出てみると、イヌばっかり(笑)。結局、1万円ぐらいで写真を1枚だけ買って、それをレタッチして、複数の鳩を描きわけました。
グーグルのランキングテクノロジーの舞台裏を示すエイプリルフールのロゴ
[ 編集部 ] どれかお気に入りの1枚を選ぶとすると？
[ デニス ]
どれも自分の子どものようなもので、これ1枚というのは選べません。みんな、それぞれ違いますから。でも、芸術専攻だったので、あえて言えば芸術家の作風を真似た一連のロゴがお気に入りです。
ミケランジェロの作風を真似たロゴ
ゴッホの作風を真似たロゴ
エッシャーの作風を真似たロゴ
※この記事は週刊アスキー5/23日号に掲載されたものに加筆・修正を加えたものです。
Web Authoring System Haskell ( WASH ) WASH is a family of embedded domain specific languages ( EDSL ) for programming Web applications .
Each language is embedded in the functional language WASH is a family of embedded domain specific languages ( EDSL ) for programming Web applications .
Each language is embedded in the functional language Haskell , which means that it is implemented as a combinator library .
wash2hs , a preprocessor for including literal XHTML fragments in the style of Haskell Server Pages ( HSP )
See here for an explanation of the syntax .
See here for an explanation of the syntax .
WASH / CGI for server - side web scripting
WASH / HTML for dynamic generation of HTML and XHTML
WASH / Mail for email processing
WSP , a server supporting Wash Server Pages
WASH / DB , a transactional interface to SQL databases
DBconnect , a simple interface to PostgreSQL ( deprecated )
one program can implement entire sessions ;
the specification of an input field and the collection of the input from this widget are tied together so that mismatches are not possible ; the external name of an input field does not matter ;
input fields are first - class entities ; they may be typed and grouped to compound input fields ( compositionality ) ; each group may be bound to a callback action ;
first - class images as active input fields where each pixel of the image can result in a different action ;
no explicit URLs need to be constructed in the script , except references to external pages ;
compiled scripts are " relocatable " ; they can be moved in the directory hierarchy or to another server without change ( provided that it can execute at all on the other machine ) ;
support for persistency through transactional variables .
See the WASH .CGI .
Transaction module .
Resources
Installation ( WASH AND GO )
Download the current release WashNGo ( version 2.12 of 20070725 )
Create a new directory , say , build and untar the file into it .
and untar the file into it .
Follow the instructions in file INSTALL .
.
Check the online documentation .
If you want graphics ( module CGIGraphics ) and you have the same setup as my machine ( not that unlikely ) , all you have to do is create two directories /tmp / REGISTRY and / tmp / Images .
If the graphics part still does not work , then consider the following hints .
The graphics part requires GHC 4.08.2 ( tested on SUSE Linux 6.4 ) .
It is known not to work with GHC 4.04.1 , due to a problem resulting in a virtual timer expired error message .
error message .
The graphics part requires pbmplus to run , which is most likely installed on your machine .
Edit the line pbmPath = " /usr/X11R6/bin / " in file CGIGraphics.hs to point to the place where pbmplus is installed on your machine .
An extended version of Simon Marlow 's webserver ( hws ) that runs WASH modules as servlets .
WASH modules are compiled transparently and dynamically loaded into the running server .
Each servlet runs in one of three modes : LogOnly ( using a log to reconstruct the current state like WASH's CGI implementation ) , StateIDOnly ( running a thread for each session and continuing in the same thread with each form submission ) , LogAndState ( use a thread for efficiency and keep the log for robustness ) .
Prerequisites
WASH ( from version 2.6 )
hs-plugins ( from version 0.9.10 )
Installing
Download the current pre-release WSP ( version 0.1.6 of 20060413 )
Create a new directory , say , build and untar the file into it .
and untar the file into it .
Type make .
. Edit myconfig.conf .
.
Start the server using hws - dynamic -f ./myconfig.conf .
.
Configure the server through the web configuration interface at http://localhost:8080/console .
.
Example scripts for uploading into the server may be found in the subdirectory scripts .
main module CGICounter , main symbol mainCGI main module HelloWorld , main symbol mainCGI
.
Reservation
Installing
Download the current pre-release WASH / DB ( version 0.2 of 20060608 ) TRANS / DB ( version 0.3.2 of 20060830 ) transactional database access for Haskell , required by WASH / DB
First for TRANS / DB and then for WASH / DB : Create a new directory , say , build and untar the file into it .
Type make to build the library and the example programs .
Type make install to install both ( you may have to edit the Makefile for the location of your CGI directory ) .
It 's not integrated with WSP , yet .
But it might work , anyway .
Please let me know .
NUM_INSTS
10000
src/prelude.h
QR Code Link to This Post
Even after I tried to kill myself , for several years after that I was still miserable and depressed and thought about ending it all , all the time .
But something strange happened , something I did n't think would happen .
Time went on , and all of a sudden , I was happy .
Not just happy as a momentary feeling , nothing the result of instant gradification .
I 'm talking about happiness as a state of mind .
I wake up most days , and I 'm honestly thrilled to be alive .
I look in the mirror and I can tell myself that everything is OK .
Before when I did told myself that , deep down inside I knew it was a lie , and that perhaps nothing could be further from the truth .
Nothing was alright .
And as I sit here and type this , and I get all choked up and tears creep into my eyes , I know deep down inside that everything is alright .
I am no longer lying to myself , it really happened .
I never thought I could live this life .
The happy , simple life .
And I just wish I could go out into the world and find all the people like me .
The black sheep , the outcasts , the lonely .
I wish I could hug each and every one of them , hold them in my arms , tell them that everything is going to be alright .
Tell them that all you have to do is survive , just keep going , no matter how much it hurts .
One day it will stop hurting .
You just have to hold on .
But I can't .
This is the best I can do .
I know that horrible , black , endless abyss inside .
I 've been there , I 've been so lost there .
I used to live there .
I remember looking around in the darkness and asking , praying , begging for things to change .
It seemed like time would stand still and the pain would last forever .
That I would never get out .
But time goes on and will keep going on .
And one day things will change , and one day you 'll be looking out of a window , amazed at how fast time really does go by .
And you will be happy .
Please , do n't do it .
Please , just hold on .
Hold on .
Found : Provision in Iraq bill to shield reconstruction spending from US auditors RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday May 10 , 2006 Print This | Email
This Congress quietly adds provision to bar inspector general from auditing spending " The Senate last week approved $ 209 billion in additional spending for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , including $ 2.5 billion in added Iraq reconstruction money , " the Wall Street Journal begins in a page four story Wednesday .
" The administration has spent $ 20.9 billion to reconstruct Iraq 's infrastructure and modernize its oil industry , but the effort has n't restored the country 's electricity output , water supply or sewage capabilities to prewar levels . "
Writes the Journal : " A behind - the - scenes battle among legislators has made a crucial distinction between the new reconstruction money and that already spent :
The new funds wo n't be overseen by the government watchdog charged with curbing the mismanagement that has overshadowed the reconstruction . "
" Special inspector general , Stuart Bowen , who has 55 auditors on the ground in Iraq , will be barred from overseeing how the new money is spent , " the Journal adds .
" Instead , the funds will be overseen by the State Department 's inspector general office , which has a much smaller staff in Iraq and warned in testimony to Congress in the fall that it lacked the resources to continue oversight activities in Iraq . "
The move comes just two weeks after an American contractor was convicted for admitting a bribe - for - jobs scheme in Iraq .
Wrote the Washington Post in April : " As part of the plea , Philip H. Bloom admitted his part in a scheme to give more than $ 2 million in cash and gifts to U.S. officials in exchange for their help in getting reconstruction contracts for his companies .
Bloom 's firms won $ 8.6 million in reconstruction deals , with an average profit margin of more than 25 percent . "
More arrests are likely , the Post added .
Again from the Journal : " Exactly how and why the change was made is n't clear .
Republican Appropriations Committee aides say legislators shifted the Iraq money to the foreign operations accounts at the request of the White House , not to curb oversight .
They say administration officials sought the change to streamline accounting so the Iraq reconstruction would be incorporated into the State Department 's operations and budget rather than kept in stand - alone accounts . "
The White House told the JOURNAL that requesting the new Iraq money from the government 's foreign operations account is part of its " goal of normalizing our treatment of Iraq assistance . "
READ THE REST OF THE STORY HERE .
Free guides
We have a series of guides which we provide free of charge on this site .
The guides are provided in Adobe Acrobat ( PDF ) format .
If you cannot read PDF files on your computer , you will need to download Adobe Reader .
You can also download Drivel Defence , a software application which inspects webpages .
All the guides below will open in a new browser window .
We have updated most of our guides , and added a new category of plain English grammar guides ( September 2009 ) .
We hope that you will find these new guides useful .
General guides
Glossaries
Special subjects
Grammar guides
We own the copyright to these guides .
You are welcome to print out any of the guides or save them to disk for your own use .
You must contact us to get our permission if you want to use any of the material in your own publications or on your website .
If you wish to use the free guides internally on your company intranet , you can do this for £ 200.00 .
We can provide a custom - made style guide , created to meet your organisation ’s specific needs , from £ 1000 +VAT .
Contact us at info@plainenglish.co.uk for more details .
Our free guides in HTML format :-
BitTorrentでは、どの参加者についてもアップロードとダウンロードがおよそ等量になると言われている。接続速度が速くアップロード能力が大きいということはダウンロード能力も大きいということであり、これにより接続速度の違いによる不公平が相殺されるというのである。
しかし、ワシントン大学のある研究者が現実のBitTorrentグループを調べたところ、決して公平ではなく、高速接続している参加者は受け取るよりも与える方が多かった。そうした参加者が太っ腹だったというわけでも、ダウンロードが終わるとトレントをばらまき続けたというわけでもない。典型的な設定をしている高速接続クライアントは、アップロードに見合った速さでダウンロードできていないということだ。
その理由について、件の論文は、クライアントがペアを組む参加者を選定する手法の結果だとしている。一般的なクライアントは、BitTorrentグループの中から新しい参加者を無作為に選び接続を試みる。クライアントから見たグループ状態が常に更新されるため、これは悪いことではない。しかし、高速接続クライアントにとっては、十分に多くの高速接続参加者とペアになり自身の高速アップロードに見合うだけのダウンロードを行うために要する時間（アップロード量とダウンロード量が平衡に達するまでの時間）は、参加者を無作為に選んでいるために自身の接続速度が速いほど長くなるというのである。
件の研究者は、人気の高いGPLedクライアントAzureusを基にBitTyrantと名付けたBitTorrentクライアントを作成した。このBitTyrantは無作為に参加者を選ぶのではなく、アップロードとダウンロードが均衡している参加者を選び、アクティブな参加者と接続しようとする。
BitTorrentクライアントは設定やオプションが多いためBitTyrantがペアとなる参加者を選定する具体的な方法は複雑なものになるが、それが極めて大きな違いを生む。高速接続のBitTyrantはアップロードとダウンロードの均衡状態に急速に達し、その結果ダウンロード時間が短くなったというのだ。
倫理と公 平
BitTyrantが提起する問題の一つに、その選択が倫理的な行動かどうかというものがある。厳密に言えば、これをP2Pネットワークを悩ませているマルウェアと同列に論じることはできない。選定の際にアップロード能力を偽るわけでもなく、どのような意味でもプロトコルを欺いてはいない。単に、通常とは異なる方法で参加者を選んでいるだけなのだ。
とはいえ、この種のクライアントは「利己的」といわれ、一部のブロガーからは、悪意あるハッキングや攻撃と同じように非難されている。グループの参加者を平等に扱わないため、BitTyrantは他の参加者に負担を押しつけて自己の利益を得ているというのだ。
しかし、この議論には穴がある。BitTyrantでなければ高速ユーザーは不公平な扱いを受けることが実験により明らかになったのだ。したがって、「BitTyrantは不公平だから禁止すべし」と単純に言うことはできない。
論文は 、BitTyrantクライアントの存在によってグループ内の他の参加者のパフォーマンスが低下しうるケースを幾つか示している。しかし、これを持ってしてBitTyrantがBitTorrentファンにとって悪しき知らせだとするのは、あまりにも性急すぎる。高速クライアントにとってBitTyrantは有利だが、低速クライアントにとっても有利なのだ。また、BitTyrantユーザーは他のBitTyrantユーザーの存在で利益を得る。利益の大きさは、同時にダウンロードするトレントの数と各トレントの設定の仕方に依存する。BitTorrentクライアントには調整可能なパラメーターが多くあり、日々の利用で変化する要因も多く、一般化は困難である。
論文は 、BitTorrentは、常識に反して、公平なシステムではないと結論づけている。現状がすでに不公平であり、クライアントの行動を少し変えただけでその不公平性は変化する。したがって、BitTyrantはBitTorrentを攻撃しようとする悪しき行為ではなく、BitTorrentモデル自体がそもそも脆弱なのだ。
Jason Richardson is retiring after a 13 - year NBA career in which he averaged more than 23 points a game for Golden State 10 years ago .
The 34 - year - old swingman signed with the Atlanta Hawks in August .
He played 19 games with the Philadelphia 76ers last season , his play shortened by a knee injury .
Richardson announced his retirement on Facebook , a move confirmed by the Hawks on Thursday .
He says his decision was “ hard and tough ” but made easier by “ choosing my family and my health . ”
Richardson also has played with Phoenix , Orlando and Charlotte .
He averaged 17.1 points a game , including three seasons over 20 points .
He set a career high with 23.2 points per game with the Golden State Warriors in the 2005 - 06 season .
Advertisement
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
New Age Diamonds , a Russian company specializing in the production of gem-quality synthetic diamonds , has entered the Japanese market with a new product called the " Heart - In Baby Diamond " -- a synthetic diamond made from the hair of newborn babies .
The Heart - In Baby Diamond is the latest addition to the company 's " Your Personal Diamond " ( YPD ) line of commemorative diamonds , which are custom - made from the hair or fur of your favorite person or pet , living or departed .
Heart - In Baby Diamond prices range from 403,000 yen ( US $ 3,500 ) for a 0.2 - carat canary yellow diamond to 1,934,000 yen ( US $ 17,000 ) for a 0.8 - carat chameleon red diamond .
As Japan 's population begins to shrink , newborn babies become all the more precious and each birth is a greater cause for celebration .
In addition , fewer mouths to feed results in increased amounts of disposable household wealth .
New Age Diamonds appears to be capitalizing on these two factors by offering proud new parents an innovative and luxurious way to bestow gratitude on their blessed offspring .
[ Via : Slashdot Japan ]
Republican Bob Ney pleads guilty to bribery
Washington , D.C .
10/13/06
Representative Bob Ney , an Ohio Republican , pleaded guilty to conspiracy and making false statements , the first U.S. lawmaker to admit to crimes in connection with disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
The Ohio Republican faces up to 10 years in prison for taking money , gifts and favors in return for official actions on behalf of Jack Abramoff and his clients .
Ney confessed before U.S. District Judge Ellen Huvelle .
" I plead guilty your honor " was his statement to the judge .
In a statement distributed to reporters after the court session , Ney said , " I accept responsibility for my actions and I am prepared to face the consequences of what I have done . "
Ney is the latest in a string of once - influential men convicted in a scandal that so far has caught several lobbyists and two members of the Bush administration .
House Republicans gave
Ney a standing ovation after he told them May 10th that he had no plans to resign and would vigorously fend off a likely federal indictment .
A team of international scientists gather at the Harvard University have recently received more than a billion dollars in project funding from the US energy department .
This is a result of the US government realizing that the oil resources is coming to its end and that being dependant on middle eastern oil is making the US vulnerable to outside factors .
The team of scientists are working on a gene manipulated bacteria that will be able to create regular water from lakes , into gasoline .
All you need is CO2 , sunlight and some mineral salts .
Although the bacteria is not yet a reality , the scientists are confident that it will only be a couple of years before the actual bacteria is developed , within the next 20 years it should be ready to produce gasoline .
Aside from solving the lurking energy crisis and securing the USA 's position as a superpower , the bacteria gasoline will help reducing the outlet of greenhouse gas and hopefully help to further reduce global warming .
Unfortunately , this quick note will most likely not reach the people it needs to , but it needs to be said in any case :
When contacting myself or other people who produce free software , please use the mailing list for the project in question unless you have a really good reason to keep the conversation private .
The reasons :
Other people can benefit from , and contribute to the conversation .
They might also be more interested than I am in the problem at hand , or at least want to hear about how it ’s resolved .
It gets archived , and therefore people can find it via search engines in the future .
This is critical when you want to be able to point people at archives that led to decisions that affect the project .
It creates more sense of ‘ community ’ .
Most successful open source projects are not the fruit of only one person ’s labor .
Perhaps they are initially , but at a certain point , everyone is better off if a community grows up around the project , and keeping conversations public helps that process along .
Please pass this along – hopefully people will start to get the idea .
The C++ Source
A Pause to Reflect : Five Lists of Five , Part V
My Most Important C++ Aha !
Moments ...
Ever
Opinion
by Scott Meyers
September 6 , 2006
In this article , Scott Meyers shares his picks for the five most meaningful Aha !
moments in his involvement with C++ , along with why he chose them .
In the first four articles in this series , I named my picks for the most important contributions to C++ in the categories of books , non-book publications , software , and people :
In this fifth and final installment , I name my five biggest Aha ! moments in C ++.
You do this job long enough , you ’re going to have a few moments when the big pieces of the puzzle come together , and things suddenly make sense .
( If not , you ’ve made a poor choice of profession . )
When those rare moments occur , I ca n’t help but inhale quickly and freeze , staring off into the distance as if the world , which had heretofore been black and white , suddenly snapped into color .
And then I smile .
Such moments are intense .
Confusion vanishes .
Understanding takes its place .
One revelation of this ilk took place in 1978 , when , after a period of struggle , I suddenly realized how pointers work : a computing coming of age if ever there was one .
But I was programming in Pascal at that time , so it does n’t make the list of my five most important C++- related “ Aha ! ” moments .
Here are the ones that do :
Realizing that C++’s “ special ” member functions may be declared private1 , 1988 .
Like many of my friends , I was teaching myself C++ at the time .
One day a fellow graduate student , John Shewchuk , came into the office with a problem he ’d been wrestling with .
“ How do you keep an object from being copied ? , ” he asked .
There were several of us present , and none of us could figure out how .
We knew that if you did n’t declare the copy constructor and copy assignment operator , compilers would generate them automatically , and the resulting objects would be copyable .
We also knew that the only way to prevent compilers from generating those functions was to declare them manually , but then the functions would exist , and , we reasoned , the objects would again be copyable .
Like the Grinch , 2 we puzzled and puzzled , but none of us was able to find a way to resolve this conundrum .
Later that day ( or perhaps the next day , I do n’t remember ) , John came back and announced that he ’d figured it out : the copying functions could simply be declared private .
Of course !
But at the time it was a revelation , a critical step on my understanding of how the pieces of C++ fit together .
When I wrote the first edition of Effective C++ some three years later , this simple insight earned its own Item .
( At under a page long , it ’s possibly the shortest Item in the book . )
That I continue to find the insight important is reflected in the fact that I ’ve included it in both subsequent editions of Effective C++.
I did n’t think there was anything obvious about declaring the implicitly generated functions private in 1988 , and I feel the same way in 2006 .
Understanding the use of non -type template parameters in Barton ’s and Nackman ’s approach to dimensional analysis , 1995 .
In May 1988 , I read the IEEE Software article , “ Dimensional Analysis with C++ , ” by Robert F. Cmelik and Narain H. Gehani .
They described an approach to detecting units errors in computations involving physical units , e.g. , distances , velocities , time , etc .
For example , dividing a distance by time and comparing that to a velocity is fine , but comparing it to an acceleration ( which represents distance divided by time squared ) is not .
Cmelik ’s and Gehani ’s solution involved storing information about the units inside the objects and performing runtime check to detect errors .
That increased object sizes and also increased runtimes .
It seemed to me that there should be a better way to address the problem , but after another round or two of fruitless puzzling , I stopped thinking about the matter .
John J. Barton and Lee R. Nackman described a wonderful solution to the units problem in their 1994 book , Scientific and Engineering C++ ( Addison - Wesley ) , but even though I received a copy of the book , I did n’t notice their work when it came out .
To be honest , I found the book rather boring , and I read little of it .
However , I read Barton ’s and Nackman ’s column in the January 1995 C++
Report in its entirety , and that column presented a stripped - down ( and vastly more readable ) version of their approach .
Three things about it struck me .
First , it covered all possible combinations of units , not just the combinations with names .
That is , we have a name for distance divided by time ( velocity ) and for force divided by distance squared ( pressure ) , but we do n’t have a name for distance times time squared divided by angular velocity cubed .
At least not one that I know of .
The B&N approach ensures dimensional unit correctness , even if calculations yield heretofore unneeded combinations of units .
The second thing that got my attention about the B&N solution was its runtime cost : there is n’t any .
Objects get no bigger , and programs get no slower .
The B&N approach thus covers everything and costs nothing .
3
That ’s the kind of combination that makes me pay attention .
But what really transported me to the giddy land of Aha !
was their use of non -type template parameters to represent the exponents of the various fundamental units and their use of arithmetic operations on these parameters to calculate the resulting unit types .
4
So not only did they solve a practical problem that had piqued my interest years before , they did it by applying a feature of C++ ( non -type template parameters ) that until then had struck me as more a curiosity than anything else .
I get excited about Barton ’s and Nackman ’s work even now , and I wish I could have included their C++
Report column on my list of the most important non -book C++- related publications , but from what I can tell , few people found their work as revolutionary as I did , and it had little impact .
To this day I think that ’s a shame , because I cherish the flash of understanding their column engendered in me .
Understanding what problem Visitor addresses , 1996 or 1997 .
A bedrock software engineering principle is that good names are important , and this is a case where a poor name tripped me up .
I do n’t recall having a particular problem following the mechanics of the Visitor design pattern , but it never made any sense to me .
I just could n’t grasp how the pieces fit together .
Then , one day , I made a fundamental realization : the Visitor Pattern has nothing to do with visitation .
Rather , it ’s a way to design hierarchies so that new virtual - acting functions can be added without changing the hierarchies .
Once I grasped that , the pattern was easy to understand .
But the name was a real stumbling block for me , even though Design Patterns documents this as part of the pattern ’s intent : Visitor lets you define a new operation without changing the classes of the elements on which it operates .
That ’s about as clear and straightforward as you can get , but because I was so fixated on the pattern ’s name , I could n’t get past the idea that Visitor had something to do with visitation or iteration or something like that .
There are two possible conclusions here .
One is that I ’m so dense , I ’m surrounded by a small event horizon .
The other is that names should be chosen carefully , because if a name suggests one thing and the documentation says another , at least some people — if only exceedingly dense ones — will be misled .
I prefer the latter interpretation .
Understanding why remove does n’t really remove anything , 1998 ?
My relationship with the STL remove algorithm did not begin on an auspicious note .
Just as I expected the Visitor design pattern to visit things , I expected the remove algorithm to remove things .
It was thus with considerable shock and a feeling of betrayal that I discovered that applying remove 5 to a container never changes the number of elements in the container , not even if you ask it to remove everything .
Fraud !
Deceit !
False advertising !
Then one day I read a column — possibly Andrew Koenig ’s “ C++ Containers are Not Their Elements ” ( C++ Report , November - December 1998 ) — that made clear to me a fundamental STL truth : algorithms can never change the number of elements in a container , because algorithms do n’t know what container they are operating on .
The “ container ” might in fact be an array , and certainly there is no way to change the size of an array .
6
This is a natural fallout of the fact that algorithms and containers are independent and know nothing about one another .
remove , I realized , did n’t change the number of elements in a container , because it could n’t .
It was at that moment that I really began to understand the architecture of the STL , to appreciate that iterators , though typically served up by container member functions , were quite separate entities , ones on a par with containers and algorithms .
I ’d read that many times before .
I ’d probably even parroted it back in presentations I ’d given .
But this was the first time I really understood it .
From then on , remove and I got along a lot better , and when I later realized that not only did remove do as well as it could given what it had to work with , it also did what it did better than most programmers who write their own loops ( remove runs in linear time , but naïve loops run in quadratic time ) , I developed a grudging respect for remove .
I ’m still not wild about the name , but it ’s not clear what name it could have that would both accurately summarize what it does and be easy to remember .
Ruby Monitor - Functions
Or Meta -Meta - Programming in Ruby
Tue Aug 14 13:09:14 UTC 2007
Erik Veenstra < rubyscript2exe@erikveen.dds.nl >
PDF version ( A4 )
1. Rationale
2. Wrapping an Instance Method
3. Wrapping a Module Method or Class Method
4. Module #pre_condition and Module#post_condition
5. Implementation
5.1 . Order of Execution of Recursively Wrapped Methods
5.2 . The Real Stuff
5.3 . Unit Tests
6. Real - World Examples
6.1 . Type -Checking
6.2 . Value - Checking
6.3 . Once
6.4 . Singleton
6.5 . Abstract Methods
I had a discussion with a friend .
A Java guy .
He wants the arguments of a method call being checked .
" I want the first one to be an Integer .
And the second one is a String .
Period . "
No discussion .
I explained our duck - typing paradigm .
He 's not convinced .
He thinks Java .
So , he gets Java .
Lets check the types of the arguments of a method call !
( Well , this article is not about type checking at all .
It 's about how to implement such a type checker .
Or , more general , it 's about monitoring - functions . )
I wanted to do this with a nice and clean implementation , with the real magic pushed down to a place I would never come again ( write once , read never ) .
I wanted something like this ( focus on line 8 ) :
1 class Foo 2 def bar(x , y , z ) 3 # x should be Numeric 4 # y should be a String 5 # z should respond to : to_s 6 end 7 8 check_types : bar , Numeric , String , : to_s 9 end
( Focus on line 8 , once again .
Make it three times .
It 's all about line 8 . )
That was good enough for him .
" But you ca n't do this .
You simply can't .
That 's magic . "
I laughed at him , turned around and did it ...
That 's what this story is all about .
To be more accurate :
It 's about how it 's done , about monitor - functions and method - wrapping , not about type - checking .
First , here 's a piece of code which does n't do anything , except that it seems to wrap the original method with a block ( focus on line 14 ) :
1 class Module 2 def just_wrap ( method_name ) 3 wrap_method ( method_name ) do |org_method , args , block| 4 org_method.call( *args , &block ) 5 end 6 end 7 end 8 9 class Foo 10 def bar(x , y , z ) 11 p [ x , y , z ] 12 end 13 14 just_wrap : bar 15 end 16 17 Foo.new.bar ( " a " , " b " , " c " ) # === > [ " a " , " b " , " c " ]
You can find the implementation of Module # wrap_method in Implementation .
This article is all about that very one method .
It 's the big trick .
You do n't need to understand its implementation .
Knowing how to use it is good enough .
Line 3 retrieves the original method and yields the given block with this method , as well as with its arguments and its block .
Not * args , not &block .
Just args and block .
Blocks do n't get blocks , you know .
( Although it 's introduced in Ruby 1.9 . )
Within the given block ( near line 4 ) , we can do whatever we want to .
That 's where the real stuff goes .
But , someday , we have to call the original method with the original parameters and the original block .
That 's what we do on line 4 .
That 's about it .
That 's the whole story .
There 's nothing more to say .
Except for an example or two ...
Here 's a simple example .
It upcases every argument .
It must be silly to upcase every argument like this , but we 'll do it anyway .
Introducing line 4 :
1 class Module 2 def big_arguments ( method_name ) 3 wrap_method( method_name ) do |org_method , args , block| 4 args = args.collect{|x| x.to_s.upcase} 5 6 org_method.call(*args , &block ) 7 end 8 end 9 end 10 11 class Foo 12 def bar(x , y , z ) 13 [ x , y , z ] 14 end 15 16 big_arguments : bar 17 end 18 19 Foo.new.bar ( " a " , " b " , " c " ) # === > [ " A " , " B " , " C " ]
Here 's another example .
Lines 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 .
They inform you about nil things .
1 class Module 2 def find_nil ( method_name ) 3 wrap_method ( method_name ) do |org_method , args , block| 4 if args.
include ?( nil ) 5 $ stderr.puts
" Found a nil when called \ 6 from #{caller [ 1..- 1].inspect} . "
7 end 8 9 org_method.call(*args , &block ) 10 end 11 end 12 end 13 14 class Foo 15 def bar(x , y , z ) 16 end 17 18 find_nil : bar 19 end 20 21 Foo.new.bar ( " a " , " b " , " c " ) # === > 22 Foo.new.bar ( " a " , " b " , nil ) # === >
Found a nil when 23 called from from 24 [ " test.rb : 22 " ] . 25 Foo.new.bar ( " a " , " b " , " c " ) # === >
I call check_types , just_wrap , big_arguments and find_nil : monitor - functions .
I do n't know exactly how this term got into my head , but it does sound good : monitor - functions .
It 's definitely better than wrap - method - functions .
( You can build non -monitor - functions as well .
But that 's really stupid : monitor - and - non - monitor - functions . )
Did I mention that it is possible to double - wrap a method with two or more monitor - functions ?
The order in which they are executed is , of course , bottom - up :
1 class Foo 2 def bar(x , y , z ) 3 # x should be Numeric 4 # y should be a String 5 # z should respond to : to_s and : gsub 6 end 7 8 check_types : bar , Numeric , String , [ : to_s , : gsub ] 9 log_args : bar 10 end
Meanwhile , I played with a couple of monitor - functions : debugging , logging , synchronization , statistics , benchmarking , roles ( like on WebSphere ) , #typechecking type checking , even value checking and range checking .
Ideas ?
It 's easy to create them .
Try it .
Let me know .
Forget about the implementation of Module # wrap_method .
It 's just sitting there , waiting to be used to implement a monitor - function .
It 's easy to implement a monitor - function .
And it 's very , very easy to use it .
Those where my goals .
Oh , by the way , if such a monitor - function is kind of meta - programming ( it 's a buzz - word , I know , but it is , is n't it ? ) , how would you call wrap_method ?
Meta-meta - programming ?
Now , we have this Module # wrap_method for wrapping instance methods .
But what about wrapping module methods , like Module#wrap_module_method ?
( Module #wrap_module_method is deprecated .
Use aModule.metaclass.wrap_method instead . )
We are going to take this dangerous type checking thing to the next level .
Just as an example .
( I 'm not promoting this technique ; it 's just an example ! )
Imagine , we want the type definition to be positioned before the method instead of after the method .
Just for better readability :
1 class Foo 2 def_types Numeric , String , [ : to_s , : gsub ] 3 def bar( x , y , z ) 4 # x should be Numeric 5 # y should be a String 6 # z should respond to : to_s and : gsub 7 # Very long method ... 8 end 9 end
... instead of :
1 class Foo 2 def bar(x , y , z ) 3 # x should be Numeric 4 # y should be a String 5 # z should respond to : to_s and : gsub 6 # Very long method ... 7 end 8 9 check_types : bar , Numeric , String , [ : to_s , : gsub ] 10 end
We could do this by storing the types in def_types and overwriting Foo: : method_added .
But what about the old functionality in Foo: : method_added ?
You could alias to another method and than use this alias .
That 's the common way to work around this problem .
( I 've never liked it ...)
But , again , we can use wrap_method to add the new functionality to the original method .
A module is an instance itself after all , is n't it ?
Introducing metaclass.wrap_method :
1 class Module 2 def def_types ( * types ) 3 metaclass.wrap_method(:method_added ) do |org_method , args , block| 4 if types 5 method_name = args [ 0 ]
6 t = types 7 types = nil # Avoid looping 8 9 check_types ( method_name , *t ) 10 end 11 12 org_method.call(*args , &block ) if org_method 13 end 14 end 15 end
But , be careful , there 's a hidden loop .
def_types wraps method_added .
From now on , every time method_added is called , it calls check_types ( line 9 , but only if we removed if types on line 4 ) , which calls wrap_method , which adds methods and thus triggers method_added .
And so on .
This types = nil ( line 7 ) avoids this looping .
It also applies the wrapping to only the next method defined in Foo ( only to Foo#bar1 and not to Foo#bar2 ) .
You only have to add this mechanism when wrapping Module # method_added , not for other module methods .
Do you see that this metaclass .
wrap_method looks like wrap_method ?
They should look the same .
They are brother and sister .
Once again , it should be possible to wrap the wrapper :
1 class Foo 2 def_types Numeric , String , [ : to_s , : gsub ] 3 def_stat " /tmp/stats.log " 4 5 def bar1 ( x , y , z ) 6 end 7 8 def bar2 ( x , y , z ) # bar2 is neither logged , nor checked .
9 end 10 end
Since doing checks on arguments before executing an instance method is very common , I 've made Module # pre_condition .
You give it the names of the instance methods you want to wrap ( as symbols or as strings ) and you give it a block .
This block is executed in the original context and receives |obj , method_name , args , block| .
There 's also a Module # post_condition .
Example :
1 class Foo 2 def bar ( *args , & block ) 3 p [ : in_method , args , block ] 4 5 yield ( * args ) 6 end 7 8 pre_condition ( : bar ) do |obj , method_name , args , block| 9 p [ : in_pre_condition , args ] 10 end 11 12 post_condition ( : bar ) do |obj , method_name , args , block| 13 p [ :in_post_condition , args ] 14 end 15 end 16 17 foo = Foo.new 18 19 foo. bar ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) do |*args| 20 p [ : in_block , args ] 21 end
Which results in :
[ :in_pre_condition , [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] ] [ : in_method , [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , #< Proc:0xb7d7f868@.....:19 > ] [ : in_block , [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] ] [ :in_post_condition , [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] ]
Use metaclass as receiver of Module # pre_condition or Module # post_condition to wrap a module method instead of an instance method :
1 require " ostruct " 2 3 class Foo < Struct.new ( : aa , :bbb ) 4 metaclass.post_condition(:new ) do |obj , method_name , args , block| 5 line = caller.select{|s | s.include ?( __FILE__)}.shift.scan(/\d+/) [ - 1 ] 6 7 puts " An object of class #{self} has been created . " 8 puts " The call looked like : #{self}.new(#{args.inspect} ) . " 9 puts " It 's done on line : # {line} . " 10 puts 11 end 12 end 13 14 Foo.new ( 11 , 111 ) 15 Foo.new ( 22 , 222 ) 16 Foo.new ( 33 , 333 )
Which results in :
An object of class Foo has been created .
The call looked like : Foo.new ( [ 11 , 111 ] ) .
It 's done on line : 14 .
An object of class Foo has been created .
The call looked like : Foo.new ( [ 22 , 222 ] ) .
It 's done on line : 15 .
An object of class Foo has been created .
The call looked like : Foo.new ( [ 33 , 333 ] ) .
It 's done on line : 16 .
Use obj.instance_eval to execute part the block in the context of the object , instead of in the original context :
1 require " ostruct " 2 3 class Foo < Struct.new ( : aa , : bbb ) 4 post_condition ( : initialize ) do |obj , method_name , args , block| 5 line = caller.select{|s | s.include ?( __FILE__)}.shift.scan(/\d+/) [ - 1 ] 6 7 obj.instance_eval do 8 puts
" An object of class #{self .
class} has been created . " 9 puts " The arguments are : @aa= # {aa} and @bbb=#{bbb} . " 10 puts " The object has id : # {__id__} . " 11 puts " It 's done on line : # {line} . " 12 puts 13 end 14 end 15 end 16 17 Foo.new ( 11 , 111 ) 18 Foo.new ( 22 , 222 ) 19 Foo.new ( 33 , 333 )
Which results in :
An object of class Foo has been created .
The arguments are : @aa=11 and @bbb=111 .
The object has id : -605321068 .
It 's done on line : 17 .
An object of class Foo has been created .
The arguments are : @aa=22 and @bbb=222 .
The object has id : -605321448 .
It 's done on line : 18 .
An object of class Foo has been created .
The arguments are : @aa=33 and @bbb=333 .
The object has id : -605321898 .
It 's done on line : 19 .
It is possible to wrap a non-existing method .
And since the block is , well , uh , a block , and not a method definition , it captures the local variables .
1 class Foo 2 x = 7 3 4 post_condition ( : bar ) do 5 puts " Variable x is captured in the closure and has value # {x} . " 6 end 7 8 x = 8 9 end 10 11 Foo.new.bar
Which results in :
Variable x is captured in the closure and has value 8 .
( Although they 're named * _condition , they 're not checking anything .
They should be named * _action .
But pre_action is harder to remember than pre_condition .
So I stick to the latter . )
One more minute ...
In normal Ruby , when a method of an object is called , it 's searched for in the class of that object .
If it 's not found , Ruby tries to find it in the superclass , and so on .
When wrapping methods , it 's basically the same .
At wrap - time , you can only wrap methods in the specified class , not methods in the superclass .
At run-time , this chain of blocks is called in reversed order .
At the end ( beginning ? ) of the chain , the original method is called .
If there 's no original method , the superclass is searched for its method ( or chain ) .
Imagine this code :
1 class Foo 2 def bar 3 p [ Foo , : bar ] 4 end 5 6 pre_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Foo , : pre ] } 7 post_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Foo , : post ] } 8 end 9 10 class Bar < Foo 11 pre_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Bar , : pre ] } 12 post_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Bar , : post ] } 13 end 14 15 class Baz < Foo 16 def bar 17 p [ Baz , : bar , : before ] 18 super 19 p [ Baz , : bar , : after ] 20 end 21 22 pre_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Baz , : pre ] } 23 post_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Baz , : post ] } 24 end 25 26 class Bam < Foo 27 def bar 28 p [ Bam , : bar , : before ] 29 # no super 30 p [ Bam , : bar , : after ] 31 end 32 33 pre_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Bam , : pre ] } 34 post_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Bam , : post ] } 35 end 36 37 class Foo 38 pre_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Foo , : prepre ] } 39 post_condition ( : bar ) {p [ Foo , : postpost ] } 40 end 41 42 puts 43 Foo.new.bar 44 puts 45 Bar.new.bar 46 puts 47 Baz.new.bar 48 puts 51 Bam.new.bar
Which results in :
[ Foo , : prepre ] [ Foo , : pre ] [ # < Foo:0xb7d618b8 > , : bar ] [ Foo , : post ] [ Foo , : postpost ] [ Bar , : pre ] [ Foo , : prepre ] [ Foo , : pre ] [ # < Bar:0xb7d61250 > , : bar ] [ Foo , : post ] [ Foo , : postpost ] [ Bar , : post ] [ Baz , : pre ] [ # < Baz:0xb7d60878 > , : bar , : before ] [ Foo , : prepre ] [ Foo , : pre ] [ # < Baz:0xb7d60878 > , : bar ] [ Foo , : post ] [ Foo , : postpost ] [ #< Baz:0xb7d60878 > , : bar , : after ] [ Baz , : post ] [ Bam , : pre ] [ # < Bam:0xb7d5ec18 > , : bar , : before ] [ # < Bam:0xb7d5ec18 > , : bar , : after ] [ Bam , : post ]
Finally !
If you want this code to be available as a gem , please shout .
If enough people want it , I might build one .
About the license :
If you want to copy this code to your application , go ahead .
Just do n't sell this code as a standalone solution .
That 's not fair .
require " thread " class Module # Meta - Meta - Programming #
With this , we can create monitoring functions .
#
It might not be clearly readable , # but it 's written only once .
#
Write once , read never .
# Forget about the internals .
# Just use it . #
It should be part of Ruby itself , anyway ... :) #
This wrap_method is low - level stuff .
#
If you just want to add code to a method , scroll # down to pre_condition and post_condition .
#
They 're much easier to use .
def wrap_method ( * method_names , &block1 ) raise ArgumentError , " method_name is missing " if method_names.empty ?
raise ArgumentError , " block is missing " unless block1 Thread .
exclusive do method_names.flatten.each do |method_name| count = Module.module_eval do @_wm_count_ ||= 0 @_wm_count_ +=1 end module_eval <<- EOF #
Get the method which is to be wrapped .
method = instance_method ( :" #{method_name} " ) rescue nil #
But it should n't be defined in a super class ... if method.to_s != " #< UnboundMethod : " + self.to_s + " ##{method_name} > " method = nil end if method.nil ?
and ( $ VERBOSE or $ DEBUG ) $ stderr.puts \
" Wrapping a non-existing method [ " +self.to_s + " ##{method_name} ] . " end #
Store the method - to - be - wrapped and the wrapping block .
define_method (:" _wm_previous_#{method_name}_#{count}_ " ) do [ method , block1 ] end #
Avoid this stupid " warning : method redefined " .
unless :#{method_name} == : initialize undef_method ( :" #{method_name} " ) rescue nil end # Define __class__ and __kind_of__. define_method(:__class__ ) \ { Object.instance_method(:class ).bind(self ) .call} define_method(:__kind_of__ ) \ { |s| Object.instance_method ( :" kind_of ? " ).bind( self ) .call(s ) } #
Define the new method .
def #{method_name}(*args2 , &block2 ) if self.__kind_of__( Module ) context = metaclass else context = self .
__class__ end #
Retrieve the previously stored method - to - be - wrapped ( old ) , # as well as the wrapping block ( new ) .
# Note : An UnboundMethod of self.superclass.metaclass can't be # bound to self .
metaclass , so we " walk up " the class hierarchy .
previous = context.instance_method ( :" _wm_previous_#{method_name}_#{count}_ " ) begin previous = previous .
bind ( zelf ||= self ) rescue TypeError => e retry if zelf = zelf .
superclass end old , new = previous .
call #
If there 's no method - to - be - wrapped in the current class , we # should look for it in the superclass .
old ||= context.superclass.instance_method ( :" #{method_name} " ) rescue nil #
Since old is an unbound method , we should bind it .
# Note : An UnboundMethod of self.superclass.metaclass can't be # bound to self .
metaclass , so we " walk up " the class hierarchy .
begin old &&= old .
bind ( zelf ||= self ) rescue TypeError => e retry if zelf = zelf .
superclass end # Finally ... new.call ( old , args2 , block2 , self ) end EOF end end end def wrap_module_method ( * method_names , & block1 ) # Deprecated if $ VERBOSE or $ DEBUG $ stderr.puts " Module #wrap_module_method is deprecated . " $ stderr .
puts " Use aModule.metaclass.wrap_method instead . " end metaclass.wrap_method(*method_names , &block1 ) end #
Since adding code at the beginning or at the # end of an instance method is very common , we # simplify this by providing the next methods .
#
Althoug they 're named * _condition , they 're # not checking anything .
They should be named # * _action .
But pre_action is harder to remember # than pre_condition .
So I stick to the latter .
def pre_condition ( * method_names , & block1 ) pre_and_post_condition ( true , false , * method_names , & block1 ) end def post_condition ( * method_names , & block1 ) pre_and_post_condition ( false , true , * method_names , & block1 ) end def pre_and_post_condition ( pre , post , * method_names , & block1 ) method_names.flatten.each do | method_name| wrap_method( method_name ) do |org_method , args2 , block2 , obj2 | block1.call( obj2 , method_name , args2 , block2 ) if pre res = org_method.call(*args2 , &block2 ) if org_method block1.call ( obj2 , method_name , args2 , block2 ) if post res end end end end class Object def metaclass class << self self end end end
Work in progress ...
require " ev/metameta " #
This is where I store my meta- meta - programming stuff .
require " test/unit " class TestMetaMeta1 < Test :: Unit:: TestCase TESTRESULT = [ ] class
Foo def bar TESTRESULT << [ Foo , : bar ] : foo_bar end pre_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Foo , : pre ]} post_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Foo , : post ] } end class Bar < Foo pre_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Bar , : pre ]} post_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Bar , : post ] } end class Baz < Foo def bar TESTRESULT << [ Baz , : bar , : before ] super TESTRESULT << [ Baz , : bar , : after ] : baz_bar end pre_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Baz , : pre ]} post_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Baz , : post ] } end class Bam < Foo def bar TESTRESULT << [ Bam , : bar , : before ] # no super TESTRESULT << [ Bam , : bar , : after ] : bam_bar end pre_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Bam , : pre ]} post_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Bam , : post ] } end class Foo pre_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Foo , : prepre ] } post_condition ( : bar ) { TESTRESULT << [ Foo , : postpost ] } end def setup TESTRESULT .
clear end def test_foo res = Foo.new.bar assert_equal ( : foo_bar , res ) assert_equal ( [ [ Foo , : prepre ] , [ Foo , : pre ] , [ Foo , : bar ] , [ Foo , : post ] , [ Foo , : postpost ] ] , TESTRESULT ) end def test_bar res = Bar.new.bar assert_equal ( : foo_bar , res ) assert_equal ( [ [ Bar , : pre ] , [ Foo , : prepre ] , [ Foo , : pre ] , [ Foo , : bar ] , [ Foo , : post ] , [ Foo , : postpost ] , [ Bar , : post ] ] , TESTRESULT ) end def test_baz res = Baz.new.bar assert_equal ( : baz_bar , res ) assert_equal ( [ [ Baz , : pre ] , [ Baz , : bar , : before ] , [ Foo , : prepre ] , [ Foo , : pre ] , [ Foo , : bar ] , [ Foo , : post ] , [ Foo , : postpost ] , [ Baz , : bar , : after ] , [ Baz , : post ] ] , TESTRESULT ) end def test_bam res = Bam.new.bar assert_equal ( : bam_bar , res ) assert_equal ( [ [ Bam , : pre ] , [ Bam , : bar , : before ] , [ Bam , : bar , : after ] , [ Bam , : post ] ] , TESTRESULT ) end end class TestMetaMeta2 < Test :: Unit:: TestCase TESTRESULT = [ ] def setup TESTRESULT .
clear end class
Foo def self .
xyz TESTRESULT << :xyz2 : foo_xyz end metaclass.pre_condition(:xyz ) do |o , m , a , b| TESTRESULT << : xyz1 end end class Bar < Foo end class Bam < Foo metaclass.post_condition ( :xyz ) do |o , m , a , b| TESTRESULT << : xyz3 end end def test_xyz_bar res = Bar.xyz assert_equal ( : foo_xyz , res ) assert_equal ( [ : xyz1 , :xyz2 ] , TESTRESULT ) end def test_xyz_bam res = Bam.xyz assert_equal ( nil , res ) assert_equal ( [ : xyz3 ] , TESTRESULT ) end end
In this example , we implement a type - checking mechanism with wrap_method .
require " ev/metameta " #
This is where I store my meta- meta - programming stuff .
class Module #
Type checking .
#
Or duck - type checking .
# Example : # class Foo # def_types String , Numeric , [ : to_s , : gsub ] # def : bar( x , y , x ) # # x should be Numeric # # y should be a String # # z should respond to : to_s and : gsub # end # end def def_types ( * types ) metaclass.pre_condition(:method_added ) do |obj , method_name , args , block| if types method_name = args [ 0 ] t = types types = nil # Avoid looping check_types ( method_name , * t ) end end end # Example : # class Foo # def : bar( x , y , x ) # # x should be Numeric # # y should be a String # # z should respond to : to_s and : gsub # end # check_types : bar , String , Numeric , [ : to_s , : gsub ] # end def check_types ( method_names , * types ) [ method_names ].flatten.each do | method_name| pre_condition ( method_name ) do |obj , method_name , args , block | args.each_with_index do |arg , n| [ types[ n ] ].flatten.each do |typ| if typ.kind_of ?( Module ) unless arg.kind_of ?( typ ) raise ArgumentError , " wrong argument type " + " ( #{arg. class} instead of #{typ} , " + " argument # {n+1} ) " end elsif typ.kind_of ?( Symbol ) unless arg .
respond_to ?( typ ) raise ArgumentError , " #{arg} does n't respond to :#{typ} " + " ( argument # {n+1} ) " end else raise ArgumentError , " wrong type in types " + " ( #{typ} , argument # { n+1} ) " end end end end end end end
And this is a little test script :
require " ev/types " require " test/unit " class TestTypes < Test :: Unit :: TestCase class
Thing def_types Numeric , String , [ : gsub , : to_s ] def go(x , y , z ) # x should be Numeric # y should be a String # z should respond to : gsub and : to_s throw " BOOM " if x == 0 [ x , y , z ] end end def test_ok assert_equal ( [ 7 , " 8 " , " 9 " ] , Thing.new.go( 7 , " 8 " , " 9 " ) ) end def test_first_parm_not_numeric assert_raise ( ArgumentError ) { Thing.new.go( " 7 " , " 8 " " 9 " ) } end def test_second_parm_not_string assert_raise( ArgumentError ) { Thing.new.go( 7 , 8 , " 9 " ) } end def test_third_parm_not_responding assert_raise( ArgumentError ) { Thing.new.go( 7 , " 8 " , 9 ) } end def test_exception_comes_through assert_raise ( NameError ) { Thing.new.go(0 , " 8 " , " 9 " ) } end end
This example checks an argument of a call for certain values .
It accepts arrays of values or ranges ( everything that responds to : include ? ) . nil means : no check .
require " ev/metameta " #
This is where I store my meta- meta - programming stuff .
class Module # Example : # class
Foo # def : bar( x , y , z ) # # z should be :abc or : xyz # end # check_values : bar , nil , nil , [ : abc , : xyz ] # end def check_values ( method_names , * values ) [ method_names ].flatten.each do | method_name| pre_condition ( method_name ) do |obj , method_name , args , block| args.each_with_index do |arg , n| unless values [ n ] . nil ? or values [ n ]. include ?( args [n ] ) argss = args.collect{|s| s.inspect}.join ( " , " ) call = " %s# %s ( %s ) " % [ self , method_name , argss ] raise ArgumentError , " value of argmument # {n+1} is invalid [ #{call} ] " end end end end end end
And this is a little test script :
require " ev/values " require " test/unit " class TestValues < Test :: Unit :: TestCase class
Thing def go(x , y , z ) # x can have any value # y should be in the range 20..29 # z should be :abc or : xyz throw " BOOM " if x == 0 [ x , y , z ] end check_values : go , nil , 20..29 , [ : abc , : xyz ] # ^^^ ^^^ ^^^^^^ ^^^^^^^^^^^^ # method x y x end def test_ok assert_equal ( [ 11 , 22 , :abc ] , Thing.new.go(11 , 22 , :abc ) ) end def test_second_parm_not_correct assert_raise( ArgumentError ) { Thing.new.go(11 , 33 , :abc ) } end def test_third_parm_not_correct assert_raise ( ArgumentError ) { Thing.new.go(11 , 22 , : def ) } end def test_exception_comes_through assert_raise ( NameError ) { Thing.new.go(0 , 22 , : abc ) } end end
In this example , we implement a caching mechanism with wrap_method .
The given method will be executed only once .
The result is cached .
The next time the method is called , the result is returned immediately .
The drawback is that the object itself should be frozen to enforce some integrity .
For the same reason , blocks are prohibited .
You can pass true to freeze the object on the fly , or pass false to skip this check .
require " ev/metameta " #
This is where I store my meta- meta - programming stuff .
require " thread " class Module def once ( * method_names ) forced_freeze = method_names.include ?( true ) ignore_frozen = method_names.include ?( false ) method_names = method_names.select{|x| x.kind_of ?( Symbol ) or x.kind_of ?( String ) } Thread.exclusive do pre_condition ( : freeze ) do |obj , method_name , args , block |
Thread .
exclusive do unless obj.instance_variable_get(" @_once_results_ " ) obj.instance_variable_set(" @_once_results_ " , {} ) end end end end [ method_names ].flatten.each do | method_name| wrap_method( method_name ) do |org_method , args , block , obj| obj. freeze if forced_freeze and not obj.frozen ?
raise " object must be frozen " unless obj.frozen ?
or ignore_frozen raise " block handling is not ( yet ) implemented " if block results = nil if obj.
frozen ?
results = obj.instance_variable_get(" @_once_results_ " ) else Thread .
exclusive do unless results = obj.instance_variable_get(" @_once_results_ " ) results = obj.instance_variable_set(" @_once_results_ " , {} ) end end end results [ [ method_name , args ] ] ||= org_method.call(*args ) if org_method end end end end
And this is a little test script :
require " ev/once_method " require " test/unit " class TestOnceMethod < Test :: Unit:: TestCase TESTRESULT = [ ] class
Foo def initialize freeze end def bar3 (n ) TESTRESULT << [ : bar3 , n ] fail " BOOM ! " if n == 0 3 * n end def bar4 (n ) TESTRESULT << [ : bar4 , n ] 4 * n end once : bar3 end def setup TESTRESULT .
clear end def test_ok foo = Foo.new assert_equal ( 18 , foo. bar3 ( 6 ) ) assert_equal ( 18 , foo. bar3 ( 6 ) ) assert_equal ( 21 , foo. bar3 ( 7 ) ) assert_equal ( 21 , foo. bar3 ( 7 ) ) assert_equal ( 32 , foo. bar4 ( 8 ) ) assert_equal ( 32 , foo. bar4 ( 8 ) ) assert_equal ( 36 , foo. bar4( 9 ) ) assert_equal ( 36 , foo. bar4( 9 ) ) assert_equal ( [ [ : bar3 , 6 ] , [ : bar3 , 7 ] , [ : bar4 , 8 ] , [ : bar4 , 8 ] , [ : bar4 , 9 ] , [ : bar4 , 9 ] ] , TESTRESULT ) end def test_block_not_supported assert_raise ( RuntimeError ) { Foo.new.bar3(1 ) {2}} end def test_exception_comes_through assert_raise ( RuntimeError ) { Foo.new.bar3(0 ) } end end
These are implementations of singleton .
( Do n't use them !
Stick to the original ! )
require " ev/metameta " #
This is where I store my meta- meta - programming stuff .
require " thread " class Module def singleton1 metaclass.wrap_method( :new ) do |org_method , args , block , obj| Thread.exclusive do @_instance ||= org_method.call(*args , &block ) end end end end
Or better :
require " ev/metameta " #
This is where I store my meta- meta - programming stuff .
require " thread " class Module def singleton2 metaclass.wrap_method( :new ) do |org_method , args , block , obj| Thread .
exclusive do unless @_instance @_instance = org_method.call(*args , &block ) metaclass.wrap_method(:new ) do #
Use define_method for pure speed ... @_instance end end end @_instance end end end
We could even use once .
require " ev/once_method " class Module def singleton3 metaclass.
once : new , true end end
And this is a little test script :
require " ev/singleton_by_wrap_1 " require " ev/singleton_by_wrap_2 " require " ev/singleton_by_wrap_3 " require " test/unit " class TestSingleton123 < Test :: Unit :: TestCase class Foo1 singleton1 end class Foo2 singleton2 end class Foo3 singleton3 end def test_singleton1 id1 = Foo1.new.object_id id2 = Foo1.new.object_id id3 = Foo1.new.object_id assert_equal( id1 , id2 ) assert_equal ( id1 , id3 ) end def test_singleton2 id1 = Foo2.new.object_id id2 = Foo2.new.object_id id3 = Foo2.new.object_id assert_equal( id1 , id2 ) assert_equal ( id1 , id3 ) end def test_singleton3 id1 = Foo3.new.object_id id2 = Foo3.new.object_id id3 = Foo3.new.object_id assert_equal ( id1 , id2 ) assert_equal ( id1 , id3 ) end end
This enforces subclasses to implement certain methods .
( This really slows down your application .
You might want to use it only in debug and test environments . )
require " ev/metameta " class Class def abstract_method ( * method_names ) metaclass.pre_condition(:new ) do |obj , method_name , args , block | method_names.each do |method_name| obj.instance_eval do unless instance_methods.include ?( method_name.to_s ) raise NotImplementedError , " Class #{self} does n't implement method #{method_name} . " end end end end end end
And this is a little test script :
require " ev/abstract " require " test/unit " class TestAbstractMethods < Test :: Unit :: TestCase class
Foo abstract_method : bam # if `hostname` == ... end class Bar < Foo end class Baz < Foo def bam : ok end end def test_foo assert_raise ( NotImplementedError ) {Foo.new} end def test_bar assert_raise ( NotImplementedError ) {Bar.new} end def test_baz assert_nothing_raised {Baz.new} end end
" Z vsemi uredniki ob koncu leta opravimo pogovore , ki se nanašajo predvsem na koncept in razvoj edicij , ki jih urejajo .
Pri tovrstnih pogovorih z Bojanom Požarjem smo ugotovili , da imamo na razvoj Direkta nekoliko drugačne poglede , ki bi onemogočali naše učinkovito sodelovanje .
Zato smo se sporazumno odločili , da se razidemo , " je povedal predsednik uprave Dnevnika , d.d. , mag .
Branko Pavlin .
Podobno ocenjuje tudi dosedanji urednik Direkta Bojan Požar : " Moj pogled in pogled uprave Dnevnika na prihodnji razvoj časnika Direkt se v nekaterih točkah razlikujeta , zato naše sodelovanje ne bi bilo več produktivno .
Vsekakor pa sem s svojim delom na Direktu zadovoljen , saj sem imel možnost sodelovati pri rojstvu časnika , ki hkrati pomeni novost za slovenski trg .
Direkt je danes na visokem petem mestu po branosti med dnevniki , zato sem prepričan , da je bilo moje delo uspešno in Direkt vsekakor tudi moj uspeh .
Ekipi Direkta in njenemu novemu uredniku ' iz prve roke ' želim uspešno delo . "
« Condi faces the music in South America | Latest postings | Swamp Sunrise » Originally posted : March 11 , 2006
Obama on Bush , Bush on Obama Posted by Mark Silva at 11:45 pm CST
It turns out that Sen. Barack Obama not only has impeccable timing and creative writers , but the freshman Democratic senator from Illinois who has arrived in Washington to exceedingly great expectations among leaders of a party desperately in need of new leaders also can sing .
And when Obama had a chance in the spotlight tonight at the annual dinner of The Gridiron Club to poke some fun at the Bush administration , lampoon Vice President Dick Cheney 's hunting mishap and even take a few pokes at himself and his own party , he rolled it all out with extraordinary ease .
He unloosed a song to boot , sung to the tune of " If I Only Had a Brain , '' with the punch - line landing on John McCain .
Obama 's standup was a hard act to follow .
Ask President Bush , who closed the four - hour , white - tie dinner in a ballroom of a Washington hotel with a few jokes of his own but seemed at a loss for return fire .
" Sen. Obama , I want to do a joke on you , '' Bush said .
" But doing a joke on you is like doing a joke on the Pope .
Give me something to work with …
Mispronounce something . ''
Lynne Cheney , the vice president 's wife , also followed Obama with a de rigeur Republican response , noting with a sense of irony that the senator had " emerged ' ' from his " shell . "
" There is one good thing about speaking this late , '' she said .
" All the hunting jokes have been used up . ''
Most of them were used up by Obama , who opened with a show of pleasure for the " extravaganza ' ' of the evening , attended by Bush , Cheney , half the Cabinet , Chief Justice John Roberts Jr. , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and a cast of media stars at a perenially private , " Closed Press ' ' event .
" Men in tails .
Women in gowns , '' Obama marveled .
" An orchestra playing , as folks reminisce about the good old days .
Kind of like dinner at the Kerrys .
" Nice to see you , Mr. President and Mrs. Bush , '' Obama said to the president seated to his right and first lady to his left .
" I think it takes a great spirit for the president , who we all know is an early riser , to sit here until midnight and hear himself lampooned , when he could be back at the White House enjoying a quiet , peaceful night , watching TV and approving secret wiretaps . ''
Wielding a script for which Democratic political consultant David Axelrod bears a great amount of credit , Obama noted the absence of Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice : " You know , the president promised a muscular foreign policy .
And anyone who 's seen the Condi Rice workout tapes knows he means business .
" The truth is , I 'm terrified to be here , '' he said .
" Not because you 're such a tough audience , but because they 're serving drinks .
I 'm standing about 30 yards from the vice president , and I 'm a lawyer .
The only thing that could make this more dangerous is if he considered me a friend .
" Mr. vice president , I know you came here expecting to be a target , which , it turns out , may prove easier for you than shooting at one , '' said Obama , having fun with Cheney 's recent accidental shooting and wounding of Texas attorney Harry Whittington on a quail - hunting trip in Texas .
" But I do want to thank you .
For years , we Democrats have succeeded in doing little more than shooting ourselves in the foot .
" You 've taught us a valuable lesson , '' Obama told Cheney .
" Aim higher . ''
Cheney found himself pulling at his eyeglasses to wipe tears of laughter at times , though the president seemed to find less ready humor in Obama 's remarks .
Obama honed in on Cheney .
" There 's probably only one person more sick of these jokes than you , and that 's your wife , '' Obama continued , hammering on the accident which took the vice president 's office nearly a day to publicly reveal .
" It 's an honor to share this stage with Lynne Cheney – a great personage in her own right , '' Obama said .
" Scholar .
Author .
A few years ago , she wrote a book called , Telling the Truth , or as they call it in the vice president 's office , Telling the truth – 24 hours later .
" This appearance is really the capstone of an incredible 18 months , '' Obama said , turning to his own brief career in the U.S. Senate .
" I 've been very blessed .
Keynote speaker at the Democratic convention .
The cover of Newsweek .
My book made the best - seller list .
I just won a Grammy for reading it on tape .
And I 've had the chance to speak not once but twice before the Gridiron Club .
" Really , what else is there to do ? '' he asked .
" Well , I guess I could pass a law or something .
" About that book , some folks thought it was a little presumptuous to write an autobiography at the age of 33 , '' the senator said .
" But people seemed to like it .
So now I 'm working on volume two – the Senate months .
My remarkable journey from 99th in seniority to 98th .
" Believe me , when you 're the last guy to ask questions at every committee hearing , you have plenty of time to collect your thoughts , '' he said .
" Especially when Joe Biden 's on the committee .
" I 'll tell you , that Grammy was a big surprise .
I thought , for sure Jack Abramoff would win for his rendition of ' It 's hard Out Here for a Pimp . '
( And with that line for the indicted lobbyist , Obama drew a good sound belly laugh from Bush , who of course maintains that he does n't know Abramoff . )
" This whole ethics thing has been an adventure , '' said Obama , cast by his party to help seek ethical reforms in the aftermath of the Abramoff scandal .
" I was really excited when they asked me to be the lead Democratic spokesman .
But I do n't know .
Turns out , it 's a little like being given the Kryptonite concession at a Superman convention .
I mean , how did I know it was a freshman hazing ?
Maybe I can explain it this way : ''
And with that introduction , the band struck up a familiar refrain from The Wizard of Oz , and Obama proceeded to sing from the podium , with a steady , unflinching , and even in - tune delivery of a song about the senator from Arizona with a reputation as a maverick and potential Republican candidate for president in 2008 with whom Obama recently shared a rough - edged exchange of letters : " I 'm aspiring to greatness , but somehow I feel weightless .
A freshman 's sad refrain .
I could be a great uniter , making ethics rules much tighter ,
If I only had McCain .
" I could bring us all together , no storm we could n't weather .
We 'd feel each other 's pain .
Red and blue would n't matter , party differences would shatter ,
If I only had McCain .
" Oh why is it so hard , for honest men of good will to agree .
If we ever found a way to strike a deal , would we survive … politically ?
" When a wide - eyed young idealist confronts a seasoned realist ,
there 's bound to be some strain .
With the game barely started , I 'd be feeling less downhearted ,
If I only had McCain .
" Still I hope for the better , though I may rewrite my letter ,
cause I gotta have McCain . ''
Obama offered an unnecessary apology for his solo peformance : " Needless to say , my Grammy was in the spoken word category .
" I should say that I really do get along well with Sen. McCain , '' Obama told the reporters and editors filling the hotel ballroom .
" But as you know , not everyone in politics does .
Because of his superstar status , his virtuous image , the kind of hero worship treatment he gets from all of ' you , some of my colleagues call John a prima dona .
Me ?
I call him a role model .
" Think of it as affirmative action , '' he said .
" Why should the white guys be the only ones who are overhyped ? ''
The night was incomplete without a mention of Valerie Plame , the CIA agent whose identity was revealed by members of the Bush administration , prompting a federal prosecutor 's investigation that has led to the indictment and resignation of Cheney 's former chief of staff , Scooter Libby .
" By the way , before I forget , '' Obama told the audience .
" Raise your hand if Karl Rove did n't tell you about Valerie Plame .
" Some folks say you 've lost your investigative intensity , '' Obama said .
" You were a little slow to question the weapons of mass destruction .
Maybe got a little used on that whole Valerie Plame thing .
But , by God , you brought Dick Cheney to justice , and the world 's better off for it .
" Or , at least Gridiron speakers and late - night comedians were better off for it . ''
Turning for not quite equal time on his party , Obama said : " You know , the Gridiron Club is an aging institution with a long , proud history , known today primarily for providing a forum for jokes .
" To some , '' he said , " that may sound like the Democratic Party .
" You hear this constant refrain from our critics that Democrats do n't stand for anything .
That 's really unfair , '' he said .
" We do stand for anything .
" Some folks say the answer for the Democratic Party is to stop being so calculating and start standing up for principle , '' he said .
" In fact ( Senate Minority Leader ) Harry Reid 's appointed a task force to study this option .
" The Republicans have been poking fun at Democrats for not being united behind a single voice in our party , '' Obama said .
" I think that 's unfair , and it smacks a little of sexism .
And just because the leading voice in our party is a strong - willed , outspoken liberal woman with a famous husband does not mean the Democrats are adrift … .
And I , for one , want to thank Barbra Streisand for her great leadership .
" I 'm sick of people attacking Democrats as being out of touch , saying we lose elections because we 're all a bunch of snobby intellectuals who can't speak the common man 's language , '' he said .
" I mean , what kind of a supercilious argument is that ?
" Take John Edwards .
He 's leading a new war on poverty – from his Chapel Hill estate .
And he 's educating us .
I had no idea there was so much poverty in New Hampshire . ''
( Cheney 's glasses were starting to come off again . )
" Speaking of New Hampshire , a lot of speculation that that 2008 campaign could come down to Sen. McCain and Hillary Clinton .
The thing I do n't think people realize is how much John and Hillary have in common .
They 're both very smart .
Both very hard - working .
And they 're both hated by Republicans . ''
( Both Bush and Cheney seemed to alight on that line . )
" I mean , wow , it really has been a rough period for you , Mr. President , '' Obama said .
" I missed the Oscars , so when I picked up the paper the next morning and saw Crash in the headlines , I just assumed it was another Bush poll story .
" And how about that ports deal ? '' he added , with a reference to the attempted takeover of several U.S. port operations by an Arab firm and a shot at Bush 's experience with the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina ..
" I feel for you , sir .
It 's tough getting trapped in a storm , when no one comes to help . ''
" And then there 's the flap about global warming , '' Obama said .
" You know , the Bush administration 's been a little skeptical about the whole concept of global warming .
It 's actually not the warming part they question .
It 's the globe … .
The president was so excited about Tom Friedman 's book , The World is Flat .
As soon as he saw the title , he said , ' You see ?
I was right . '''
" But when people say the administration is hostile to science , that 's really a bad rap .
Just last week , they asked for a hundred million dollars for the NIH to fund new research into leech therapy .
" I was told that this dinner is off the record , '' Obama said , moving on to the National Security Agency 's warrantless domestic eavesdropping in search for terrorists .
" No taping or recording of this event , unless , of course , secretly authorize by the president .
I completely trust the president with that authority , by the way .
But just out of an abundance of caution , and not implying anything , I 've asked my staff to conduct all phone conversations in the Kenyan dialect of Luo .
" Truth is , this domestic spying has all kinds of useful applications for homeland security , '' he said .
" And I have a suggestion in this regard , Mr. President : you can spy on the Weather Channel , and find out when big storms are coming .
" You all watch the winter Olympics ? '' he asked .
" I 'm sure a lot of us in politics were following that figure skating , because we can identify with performers who spin wildly and sometimes fall on their butts …
I also enjoyed that biathlon , where they ski and shoot at the same time …
" Probably not your sport , Mr. Vice President . ''
Obama closed with obligatory praise for the work of the free press that served as host for his humor , something echoed by Lynne Cheney as well – for Bush 's part , he closed with a few jokes about improving his relations with the press , including Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's plan to amend the First Amendment .
Instead of a free press , Bush said Rumsfeld was looking at " free checking . ''
But Obama also closed with thanks for all the celebrity he has found during his brief tenure here .
" Most of all , I want to thank you for all the generous advance coverage you 've given me in anticipation of a successful career , '' he said .
" When I actually do something , we 'll let you know . '' in Congress , Illinois delegation , Politics , White House | Permalink Comments
The greatest truths are said in jest .
Posted by : Bill Shakespeare | Mar 12 , 2006 11:26:49 AM
Will this be broadcast on C - SPAN , C - SPAN2 , etc ?
These are always the best !
Posted by : Christine | Mar 12 , 2006 5:46:16 PM
Following the Illinois tradition started by the late Sen . Paul Simon , Obama will surely get broadcasted as a stand - up comedian - on SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE , and he wo n't be so corny as most politicians are up there .
Senator Obama should continue to take advantage of these rare in - your - face opportunities to , as Shakespeare said , " tell truth , and shame the devil ! "
Specifically , I mean Barack should do comedy in the election campaign , where he can really get at Bush directly .
- Chris Koy Posted by : Christopher Koy , Palatine | Mar 12 , 2006 9:52:15 PM
Best . Gridiron .
Speech .
Ever . Posted by : Karen | Mar 12 , 2006 10:24:10 PM
Finally , a politician that can tell the truth !
Posted by : Monte | Mar 12 , 2006 10:24:21 PM
I hope the Swamp and the rest of the press were paying attention to Obama 's closing remarks .
He seems not to suffer under the same delusions as the reporters and Democrats who want to rush to anoint him president for life :
He has not yet done anything besides be elected .
Remember that .
And , for the record , this is the second time the evil man , the great terrorist in the White House , has permitted an opponent to ridicule him to his face .
Perhaps he should get some credit for at least being a good sport and not some self - righteous blowhard as is more common among many politicians .
Posted by : Jinx | Mar 13 , 2006 11:21:34 AM
Barack !
How we need you now more than ever !!!
Please , please , please help your party regain their voice again because you seem be the only one who has one .
Posted by : Greg | Mar 13 , 2006 3:16:34 PM
Only in DC .... Is this how you get around the " Closed Press " event by blogging about it ? :)
Posted by : Dawn Withers | Mar 13 , 2006 6:15:40 PM
This is classic .
Is the dinner available on video , by any chance ?
Posted by : thomask | Mar 13 , 2006 8:08:55 PM
Read some un-intentional or maybe intentional humor at The Swamp in D.C. , with Bush not enjoying it as much as Cheney as they were both roasted .
The jokes are worth reading !!
Posted by : Nanc , Shirl , Marjie | Mar 15 , 2006 4:30:21 PM
It is great that this new senator has been given this much democratic space to develop politically .
Keep it up .
Stand up for what you speak .
Posted by : John John | Mar 17 , 2006 4:51:11 PM
This stuff should be on Pay Per View .
Also I 'm convinced the bears are winning today solely on Barack saying its going to happen .
The man is money .
Posted by : Alec K. | Jan 21 , 2007 5:47:15 AM
Comments are not posted immediately .
We review them first in an effort to remove foul language , commercial messages , irrelevancies and unfair attacks .
Thank you for your patience .
The comments to this entry are closed .
Human Genome Project
Human Genome Project -
What is it ?
The Human Genome Project , comprised of the U.S. Department of Energy and NIH Human Genome Programs , is the national coordinated effort to characterize all human genetic material by determining the complete sequence of DNA in the human genome .
The Human Genome Project 's ultimate goal is to discover and map all of the approximately 35,000 human genes and make them accessible for further biological study .
To facilitate the future interpretation of human gene function , the Human Genome Project is also conducting parallel studies on the genetic makeup of other organisms .
Human Genome Project - The DNA Sequence Has Been Revealed
After years of multi-billion - dollar research , the Human Genome Project and Celera Genomics ( a non-government biotechnology company ) jointly announced drafts of the human genome sequence in 2000 .
By mid-2001 , scientists associated with these ventures had presented the true nature and complexity of the digital code inherent in DNA .
We now understand that there are approximately 35,000 genes in each human DNA molecule , comprised of approximately 3 billion chemical bases arranged in precise sequence .
Even the DNA molecule for the single - celled bacterium , E. coli , contains enough information to fill all the books in any of the world 's largest libraries .
We now appreciate that the DNA structure is one of the greatest scientific discoveries of all time , only first discovered at its base level in 1953 by James Watson and Francis Crick .
Human Genome Project - What it Means for the 21st Century
As a result of the work of the Human Genome Project and other genetic scientists , including the recent media - hyped cloning of Dolly the sheep , we now realize that the possibilities of genetic manipulation are profound .
With this awesome technological discovery comes dramatic potential for significant abuse .
As such , we need to keep a careful eye on " science " and continually remind the popular culture that technology is not the supreme authority .
Regardless of a person 's DNA , every human being is a unique and special individual created by God.
Genetic engineering seems to accept that our DNA is the entirety of who we are .
In contrast , the Bible teaches that every person has a soul , separate and distinct from our genetic material .
When a person dies , the soul continues to exist .
Therefore , contrary to general scientific principles , we are more than a combination of genetic code and 17 naturally occurring organic elements .
The Director of the Human Genome Project , Francis Collins , is a Christian who highlights the positive aspects of genetic research , " We have caught the first glimpse of our instruction book , previously known only to God . "
While this is an exciting statement , we must never lose sight of the fact that no matter how " smart " we get as a society , we are not God and should not put ourselves in a position to play God .
Since we live in a post - modern society influenced more by humanism , materialism and moral relativism than by Judeo - christian values , we must keep careful tabs on the potential uses and abuses of human genetic engineering .
Human Genome Project - A Monstrous Final Thought
The Human Genome Project is a phenomenal undertaking .
Unfortunately , it reminds us that some of the worst events in human history have occurred when technological expertise was united with spiritual emptiness .
Mary Shelley , author of Frankenstein , explains it perfectly in the introduction to her famous book , " Frightful must it be ; for supremely frightful would be the effect of any human endeavor to mock the stupendous mechanism of the Creator of the World . "
Explore More Now !
The pro-Baathist website printed the following pictures showing similarities between the hanging pictures and Moqtada al - Sadr .
These rumors have been flying around for a number of days now .
However , given the circumstances of the hanging , it is not terribly far - fetched .
So , here are the pictures for what they are worth .
So , what does everyone think ?
Here is what I would do ( with respect to the U.S. )
I would go on TV and just have a frank conversation with the public .
I would hit on both Global Warming and Peak Oil , explaining that we have to find other energy solutions because 1 ) .
Peak
Oil is going to force us to ; and 2 ) .
Global Warming is strongly suggesting that we do it ASAP .
I would go on to explain that there are no magic technological solutions waiting in the wings to save us .
We are n’t going to go to the filling station and fill up on E85 or hydrogen .
At least not any time soon .
Sacrifice is required , for the sake of future generations .
I would explain some of the possible scenarios if we do n’t begin to sacrifice now .
We either plan it now , or it hits us later with no parachutes for the fall .
Let ’s brainstorm some solutions to our fossil fuels crisis .
Let ’s say that you have been made dictator of the world .
Your policies are going to be implemented without question .
What energy policies would you enact ?
( Let ’s restrict this to energy , as this could really get way off topic otherwise . )
The problem , I would explain , is that fossil fuels are simply too cheap .
We use them too casually .
We must stop doing this .
We have to stop and really think about our fossil fuel usage .
So , starting today , the tax on fossil fuels will be increased by $ 3 / ( barrel of oil equivalent ) each month for at least the next 3 years , at which time this tax will be reviewed .
The tax will apply to crude oil , natural gas , coal , tar sands , shale oil , etc .
All fossil fuels .
This tax increase is only $ 0.0714 per gallon per month ( with an additional increment of $ 0.0714 per gallon each month ) , and a tax credit will be initially be provided for those making less than $ 50,000 a year ( because I am a benevolent dictator ) .
The tax credit in the early years will be high enough to offset the impact on the average consumer ’s life .
However , given that you know prices are going to be increasing , there is a tremendous incentive to begin conserving .
Our ultimate objective is sustainability .
The money raised from this tax will be funneled into public transportation , alternative fuel research , conservation incentives , and the development of walkable communities .
Proposals will be reviewed by a panel of scientists and engineers from the appropriate disciplines in academia and industry .
Suggestions from the public are welcome , and will be considered based on technical merit .
( No cars that run on water , though ) .
So , that would be the cornerstone of my energy policy .
What are your suggestions ?
What are some alternatives to this ?
Or do you believe the market will provide , and such steps are unnecessary ?
How To Look Like A UNIX Guru
How To Look Like A UNIX Guru
Terence Parr
Last updated : August 30 , 2006
Translations :
UNIX is an extremely popular platform for deploying server software partly because of its security and stability , but also because it has a rich set of command line and scripting tools .
Programmers use these tools for manipulating the file system , processing log files , and generally automating as much as possible .
If you want to be a serious server developer , you will need to have a certain facility with a number of UNIX tools ; about 15 .
You will start to see similarities among them , particularly regular expressions , and soon you will feel very comfortable .
Combining the simple commands , you can build very powerful tools very quickly -- much faster than you could build the equivalent functionality in C or Java , for example .
This lecture takes you through the basic commands and then shows you how to combine them in simple patterns or idioms to provide sophisticated functionality like histogramming .
This lecture assumes you know what a shell is and that you have some basic familiarity with UNIX .
[ By the way , this page gets a lot of attention on the net and unfortunately I get mail from lots of people that have better solutions or stuff I should add .
I 'm only showing what I 've learned from watching good UNIX people so I am not saying these tips are the optimal solutions .
I 'd make a pretty ignorant sys admin . ]
Everything is a stream
The first thing you need to know is that UNIX is based upon the idea of a stream .
Everything is a stream , or appears to be .
Device drivers look like streams , terminals look like streams , processes communicate via streams , etc ...
The input and output of a program are streams that you can redirect into a device , a file , or another program .
Here is an example device , the null device , that lets you throw output away .
For example , you might want to run a program but ignore the output .
$ ls > / dev/null # ignore output of ls
where " # ignore output of ls " is a comment .
Most of the commands covered in this lecture process stdin and send results to stdout .
In this manner , you can incrementally process a data stream by hooking the output of one tool to the input of another via a pipe .
For example , the following piped sequence prints the number of files in the current directory modified in August .
$ ls -l | grep Aug | wc -l
Imagine how long it would take you to write the equivalent C or Java program .
You can become an extremely productive UNIX programmer if you learn to combine the simple command - line tools .
Even when programming on a PC , I use MKS 's UNIX shell and command library to make it look like a UNIX box .
Worth the cash .
Getting help
If you need to know about a command , ask for the " man " page .
For example , to find out about the ls command , type $ man ls LS ( 1 ) System General Commands Manual LS(1 ) NAME ls - list directory contents SYNOPSIS ls [ - ACFLRSTWacdfgiklnoqrstux1 ] [ file ... ]
DESCRIPTION
For each operand that names a file of a type other than directory , ls ...
You will get a summary of the command and any arguments .
If you cannot remember the command 's name , try using apropos which finds commands and library routines related to that word .
For example , to find out how to do checksums , type $ apropos checksum cksum ( 1 ) , sum ( 1 ) - display file checksums and block counts md5 ( 1 ) - calculate a message - digest fingerprint ( checksum ) for a file
Special Directories and files
See @http://www.thegeekstuff.com/2010/09/linux-file-system-structure
A shortcut for you home directory , / home / username , is ~ username .
For example , ~ parrt is my home directory , / home / parrt .
When you are using the shell , there is the notion of current directory .
The dot ' . ' character is a shorthand for the current directory and ' .. ' is a shorthand for the directory above the current .
So to access file test in the current directory , ./ test is the same as plain test .
If test is a directory above , use ../ test .
/ is the root directory ; there is no drive specification in UNIX .
The .bash_profile file is very important as it is how your shell session is initialized including your ever - important CLASSPATH environment variable .
Your bash shell initialization file is ~ username /.bash_profile and has set up code like the following : PATH=$ PATH :$HOME / bin
Typically , you will go in and set your CLASSPATH so that you do n't have to set it all the time .
export CLASSPATH= ".:/home/public/cs601/junit.jar "
The export means that the assignment to CLASSPATH is visible to all child processes ( that is , visible to all programs you run from the shell ) .
The basics
cd
Changing a directory is done with cd dir where dir can be " . " or " .. " to move to current directory ( do nothing ) or go up a directory .
ls
Display files in a directory with ls .
The -l option is used to display details of the files : total 9592 - rw-r--r-- 1 parrt staff 5600 Aug 19 2005 C- Java-relationship.html ... drwxr-xr-x 13 parrt staff 442 Oct 19 2005 sessions - rw -r--r-- 1 parrt staff 2488 Oct 19 2005 sessions .
html ...
" staff " is parrt 's group .
If you want to see hidden files ( those starting with " . " ) , use " - a " .
Combinations are possible : use " ls - la " to see details of all files including hidden ones .
displaying files
There are 4 useful ways to display the contents or portions of a file .
The first is the very commonly used command cat .
For example , to display my list of object - oriented keywords used in this course , type : $ cat /home / public/ cs601/oo.keywords.txt
If a file is really big , you will probably want to use more , which spits the file out in screen - size chunks .
$ more /var/log/mail.log
If you only want to see the first few lines of a file or the last few lines use head and tail .
$ head /var/log/mail.log $ tail /var/log/mail.log
You can specify a number as an argument to get a specific number of lines : $ head - 30 /var/log/mail.log
The most useful incantation of tail prints the last few lines of a file and then waits , printing new lines as they are appended to the file .
This is great for watching a log file : $ tail -f /var/log/mail.log
If you need to know how many characters , words , or lines are in a file , use wc : $ wc /var/log/mail.log 164 2916 37896 /var/log/mail.log
Where the numbers are , in order , lines , words , then characters .
For clarity , you can use wc -l to print just the number of lines .
pushd , popd
Instead of cd you can use pushd to save the current dir and then automatically cd to the specified directory .
For example , $ pwd / Users / parrt $ pushd / tmp / tmp ~ $ pwd / tmp $ popd ~ $ pwd / Users / parrt
top
To watch a dynamic display of the processes on your box in action , use top .
ps
To print out ( wide display ) all processes running on a box , use ps auxwww .
chmod
To change the privileges of a file or directory , use chmod .
The privileges are 3 digit octal words with 3 bits per digit : rwxrwxrwx where the first digit is for the file owner , the 2nd for the group , and 3rd for anybody .
644 is a common word value file which means 110100100 or rw-r--r--.
When you do ls -l you will see these bits .
755 is a common word value for directories : rwxr - xr-x where directories need to be executable for cd to be able to enter that dir .
755 is a shorthand for the more readable argument u=rwx , go=rx .
u is user , g is group , o is other .
Use chmod -R for recursively applying to all the dirs below the argument as well .
Searching streams
One of the most useful tools available on UNIX and the one you may use the most is grep .
This tool matches regular expressions ( which includes simple words ) and prints matching lines to stdout .
The simplest incantation looks for a particular character sequence in a set of files .
Here is an example that looks for any reference to System in the java files in the current directory .
grep System *. java
You may find the dot '. ' regular expression useful .
It matches any single character but is typically combined with the star , which matches zero or more of the preceding item .
Be careful to enclose the expression in single quotes so the command - line expansion does n't modify the argument .
The following example , looks for references to any a forum page in a server log file : $ grep '/ forum / .*'
/home/public/cs601/unix/access.log
or equivalently : $ cat /home / public/ cs601/unix/access.log | grep '/ forum /.*'
The second form is useful when you want to process a collection of files as a single stream as in : cat /home / public / cs601/unix/access*.log | grep '/ forum / .*'
If you need to look for a string at the beginning of a line , use caret '^ ' : $ grep '^195.77.105.200 ' /home/public/cs601/unix/access*.log
This finds all lines in all access logs that begin with IP address 195.77.105.200 .
If you would like to invert the pattern matching to find lines that do not match a pattern , use -v .
Here is an example that finds references to non image GET s in a log file : $ cat /home / public / cs601/unix/access.log | grep -v '/ images '
Now imagine that you have an http log file and you would like to filter out page requests made by nonhuman spiders .
If you have a file called spider .
IPs , you can find all nonspider page views via : $ cat /home / public / cs601/unix/access.log | grep -v -f /tmp/spider.IPs
Finally , to ignore the case of the input stream , use - i .
Translating streams
Morphing a text stream is a fundamental UNIX operation .
PERL is a good tool for this , but since I do n't like PERL I stick with three tools : tr , sed , and awk .
PERL and these tools are line - by - line tools in that they operate well only on patterns fully contained within a single line .
If you need to process more complicated patterns like XML or you need to parse a programming language , use a context - free grammar tool like ANTLR .
tr
For manipulating whitespace , you will find tr very useful .
If you have columns of data separated by spaces and you would like the columns to collapse so there is a single column of data , tell tr to replace space with newline tr ' ' '
' . Consider input file / home / public / cs601 / unix / names : jim scott mike bill randy tom
To get all those names in a column , use $ cat /home / public / cs601/unix / names | tr ' ' '
'
If you would like to collapse all sequences of spaces into one single space , use tr -s ' ' .
To convert a PC file to UNIX , you have to get rid of the ' \r ' characters .
Use tr - d ' \r ' .
sed
If dropping or translating single characters is not enough , you can use sed ( stream editor ) to replace or delete text chunks matched by regular expressions .
For example , to delete all references to word scott in the names file from above , use $ cat /home / public / cs601/ unix / names | sed 's / scott //'
which substitutes scott for nothing .
If there are multiple references to scott on a single line , use the g suffix to indicate " global " on that line otherwise only the first occurrence will be removed : $ ... | sed 's / scott//g'
If you would like to replace references to view.jsp with index.jsp , use $ ... | sed 's/view.jsp/index.jsp/'
If you want any .asp file converted to .jsp , you must match the file name with a regular expression and refer to it via \ 1 : $ ... | sed 's /\(.*\).asp/\1.jsp/'
The \(...\) grouping collects text that you can refer to with \ 1 .
If you want to kill everything from the ' , ' character to end of line , use the end - of - line marker $ : $ ... | sed 's / , .*$//'
# kill from comma to end of line
awk
When you need to work with columns of data or execute a little bit of code for each line matching a pattern , use awk .
awk programs are pattern - action pairs .
While some awk programs are complicated enough to require a separate file containing the program , you can do some amazing things using an argument on the command - line .
awk thinks input lines are broken up into fields ( i.e. , columns ) separate by whitespace .
Fields are referenced in an action via $ 1 , $ 2 , ... while $ 0 refers to the entire input line .
A pattern - action pair looks like : pattern {action}
If you omit the pattern , the action is executed for each input line .
Omitting the action means print the line .
You can separate the pairs by newline or semicolon .
Consider input aasghar Asghar , Ali wchen Chen , Wei zchen Chen , Zhen - Jian
If you want a list of login names , ask awk to print the first column : $ cat /home / public / cs601/unix/emails.txt | awk '{print $ 1;} '
If you want to convert the login names to email addresses , use the printf C - lookalike function : $ cat /home / public / cs601/unix/emails.txt | awk ' {printf ( " %s@cs.usfca.edu , " , $ 1 ) ; } '
Because of the missing
in the printf string , you 'll see the output all on one line ready for pasting into a mail program : aasghar@cs.usfca.edu ,wchen@cs.usfca.edu ,zchen@cs.usfca.edu
You might also want to reorder columns of data .
To print firstname , lastname , you might try : $ cat /home / public / cs601/unix/emails.txt | awk ' { printf ( " %s %s
" , $ 3 , $ 2 ) ; } '
but you 'll notice that the comma is still there as it is part of the column : Ali Asghar , Wei Chen , Zhen - Jian Chen ,
You need to pipe the output thru tr ( or sed ) to strip the comma : $ cat /home / public / cs601/unix/emails.txt | \ awk ' { printf ( " %s %s
" , $ 3 , $ 2 ) ; } ' | \ tr - d ' , '
Then you will see : Ali Asghar Wei Chen Zhen - Jian Chen
You can also use awk to examine the value of content .
To sum up the first column of the following data ( in file / home / public / cs601 / unix / coffee ) : 3 parrt 2 jcoker 8 tombu
use the following simple command : $ awk '{n +=$ 1;} ; END { print n;} '
< /home/public/cs601/unix/coffee
where END is a special pattern that means " after processing the stream . "
If you want to filter or sum all values less than or equal to , say 3 , use an if statement : $ awk '{if ( $ 1 < =3 ) n+=$ 1;} END { print n;} '
< /home/public/cs601/unix/coffee
In this case , you will see output 5 ( 3+2 ) ;
Using awk to grab a particular column is very common when processing log files .
Consider a http://www.jguru.com page view log file , / home / public/ cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log , that are of the form : date - stamp ( thread - name ) : userID - or - IPaddr URL site - section
So , the data looks like this : 20021022_00.00.04( tcpConnection-80-3019 ) : 203.6.152.30 /faq/subtopic.jsp?topicID=472&page=2 FAQs 20021022_00.00.07( tcpConnection-80-2981 ) : 995134 /index.jsp
Home 20021022_00.00.08( tcpConnection-80-2901 ) : 66.67.34.44 /faq/subtopic.jsp?topicID=364 FAQs 20021022_00.00.12(tcpConnection-80-3003 ) : 217.65.96.13 /faq/view.jsp?EID=736437 FAQs 20021022_00.00.13(tcpConnection-80-3019 ) : 203.124.210.98 /faq/topicindex.jsp?topic=JSP
FAQs /JSP 20021022_00.00.15(tcpConnection-80-2988 ) : 202.56.231.154 /faq/index.jsp
FAQs 20021022_00.00.19(tcpConnection-80-2976 ) : 66.67.34.44 /faq/view.jsp?EID=225150 FAQs 220021022_00.00.21(tcpConnection-80-2974 ) : 143.89.192.5 /forums/most_active.jsp?topic=EJB
Forums / EJB 20021022_00.00.21(tcpConnection-80-2996 ) : 193.108.239.34 /guru/edit_account.jsp
Guru 20021022_00.00.21(tcpConnection-80-2996 ) : 193.108.239.34 /misc/login.jsp
Misc ...
When a user is logged in , the log file has their user ID rather than their IP address .
Here is how you get a list of URLs that people view on say October 22 , 2002 : $ awk '{print $ 3 ; } '
< /home/public/cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log /faq/subtopic.jsp?topicID=472&page=2 /index.jsp /faq/subtopic.jsp?topicID=364 /faq/view.jsp?EID=736437 /faq/topicindex.jsp?topic=JSP
/faq/index.jsp /faq/view.jsp?EID=225150 /forums/most_active.jsp?topic=EJB
/guru/edit_account.jsp /misc/login.jsp ...
If you want to count how many page views there were that day that were not processing pages ( my processing pages are all of the form process_ xxx ) , pipe the results through grep and wc : $ awk '{print $ 3 ; } '
< /home/public/cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log | \ grep -v process | \ wc -l 67850
If you want a unique list of URLs , you can sort the output and then use uniq : $ awk '{print $ 3 ; } '
< /home/public/cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log | \ sort | \ uniq
uniq just collapses all repeated lines into a single line -- that is why you must sort the output first .
You 'll get output like : / article/index.jsp /article/index.jsp?page=1 /article/index.jsp?page=10 /article/index.jsp?page=2 ...
Tarballs
Note :
The name comes from a similar word , hairball ( stuff that cats throw up ) , I 'm pretty sure .
To collect a bunch of files and directories together , use tar .
For example , to tar up your entire home directory and put the tarball into / tmp , do this $ cd ~ parrt $ cd .. # go one dir above dir you want to tar $ tar cvf /tmp/ parrt.backup.tar parrt
By convention , use .tar as the extension .
To untar this file use $ cd /tmp $ tar xvf parrt.backup.tar
tar untars things in the current directory !
After running the untar , you will find a new directory , / tmp / parrt , that is a copy of your home directory .
Note that the way you tar things up dictates the directory structure when untarred .
The fact that I mentioned parrt in the tar creation means that I 'll have that dir when untarred .
In contrast , the following will also make a copy of my home directory , but without having a parrt root dir : $ cd ~parrt $ tar cvf /tmp/ parrt.backup.tar *
It is a good idea to tar things up with a root directory so that when you untar you do n't generate a million files in the current directly .
To see what 's in a tarball , use $ tar tvf /tmp/ parrt.backup.tar
Most of the time you can save space by using the z argument .
The tarball will then be gzip 'd and you should use file extension .tar.gz : $ cd ~ parrt $ cd .. # go one dir above dir you want to tar $ tar cvfz /tmp/ parrt.backup.tar.gz parrt
Unzipping requires the z argument also : $ cd /tmp $ tar xvfz parrt.backup.tar.gz
If you have a big file to compress , use gzip : $ gzip bigfile
After execution , your file will have been renamed bigfile.gz .
To uncompress , use $ gzip -d bigfile .
gz
To display a text file that is currently gzip 'd , use zcat : $ zcat bigfile.gz
Moving files between machines
rsync
When you need to have a directory on one machine mirrored on another machine , use rsync .
It compares all the files in a directory subtree and copies over any that have changed to the mirrored directory on the other machine .
For example , here is how you could " pull " all logs files from livebox .
jguru.com to the box from which you execute the rsync command : $ hostname jazz.jguru.com $ rsync - rabz -e ssh -v 'parrt@livebox.jguru.com :/var/log/jguru/*'
\ / backup/web/logs
rsync will delete or truncate files to ensure the files stay the same .
This is bad if you erase a file by mistake -- it will wipe out your backup file .
Add an argument called -- suffix to tell rsync to make a copy of any existing file before it overwrites it : $ hostname jazz.jguru.com $ rsync - rabz -e ssh - v -- suffix .rsync_`date '+ %Y%m %d'` \ 'parrt@livebox.jguru.com :/var/log/jguru/*' / backup/web/logs
where `date '+ %Y%m % d'` ( in reverse single quotes ) means " execute this date command " .
To exclude certain patterns from the sync , use -- exclude : $ rsync - rabz --exclude=entitymanager / --suffix .rsync_`date '+ %Y%m %d'` \ -e ssh -v 'parrt@livebox.jguru.com :/var/log/jguru/*' / backup/web/logs
scp
To copy a file or directory manually , use scp : $ scp lecture .
html parrt@nexus.cs.usfca.edu :~parrt/lectures
Just like cp , use -r to copy a directory recursively .
Miscellaneous
find
Most GUIs for Linux or PCs have a search facility , but from the command - line you can use find .
To find all files named .p4 starting in directory ~/ antlr / depot / projects , use : $ find ~/ antlr / depot / projects - name '. p4 '
The default " action " is to - print .
You can specify a regular expression to match .
For example , to look under your home directory for any xml files , use : $ find ~ - name '*.xml ' - print
Note the use of the single quotes to prevent command - line expansion -- you want the '*' to go to the find command .
You can execute a command for every file or directory found that matches a name .
For example , do delete all xml files , do this : $ find ~ - name '*.xml ' - exec rm {} \;
where " {} " stands for " current file that matches " .
The end of the command must be terminated with ' ; ' but because of the command - line expansion , you 'll need to escape the ' ; ' .
You can also specify time information in your query .
Here is a shell script that uses find to delete all files older than 14 days .
#!/bin/sh BACKUP_DIR=/ var/data / backup # number of days to keep backups AGE=14 # days AGE_MINS= $ [ $ AGE * 60 * 24 ] # delete dirs / files find $ BACKUP_DIR /* - cmin +$AGE_MINS
- type d -exec rm - rf {} \;
Use find in back ticks as an argument : vi `find .
- name '*. java'` # open all java files below current dir
fuser
If you want to know who is using a port such as HTTP ( 80 ) , use fuser .
You must be root to use this : $ sudo / sbin / fuser -n tcp 80 80/tcp : 13476 13477 13478 13479 13480 13481 13482 13483 13484 13486 13487 13489 13490 13491 13492 13493 13495 13496 13497 13498 13499 13500 13501 13608
The output indicates the list of processes associated with that port .
whereis
Sometimes you want to use a command but it's not in your PATH and you can't remember where it is .
Use whereis to look in standard unix locations for the command .
$ whereis fuser fuser : / sbin/ fuser
/usr / man/man1 / fuser.1 /usr/man/man1/fuser.1.gz $ whereis ls ls : / bin/ls /usr/man/man1/ls.1
/usr/man/man1/ls.1.gz
whereis also shows man pages .
which
Sometimes you might be executing the wrong version of a command and you want to know which version of the command your PATH indicates should be run .
Use which to ask : $ which ls alias ls='ls -- color=tty ' / bin/ls $ which java /usr / local / java / bin / java
If nothing is found in your path , you 'll see : $ which fuser /usr / bin / which : no fuser in ( /usr/local/bin:/usr/local/ java/bin:/usr/local/bin:/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/X11R6/bin:/usr/X11R6/bin:/home/parrt/bin)
kill
To send a signal to a process , use kill .
Typically you 'll want to just say kill pid where pid can be found from ps or top ( see below ) .
Use kill - 9 pid when you can't get the process to die ; this means kill it with " extreme prejudice " .
traceroute
If you are having trouble getting to a site , use traceroute to watch the sequence of hops used to get to a site : $ /usr/sbin/traceroute www.cnn.com 1 65.219.20.145 ( 65.219.20.145 ) 2.348 ms 1.87 ms 1.814 ms 2 loopback0.gw5.sfo4.alter.net ( 137.39.11.23 ) 3.667 ms 3.741 ms 3.695 ms 3 160.atm3-0.xr1.sfo4.alter.net ( 152.63.51.190 ) 3.855 ms 3.825 ms 3.993 ms ...
What is my IP address ?
$ /sbin/ifconfig
Under the eth0 interface , you 'll see the inet addr : eth0 Link encap : Ethernet HWaddr 00:10 : DC:58:B1:F0 inet addr:138.202.170.4 Bcast : 138.202.170.255 Mask :255.255.255.0 ...
Useful combinations
How to kill a set of processes
If you want to kill all java processes running for parrt , you can either run killall java if you are parrt or generate a " kill " script via : $ ps auxwww|grep java|grep parrt|awk '{ print " kill - 9 " , $ 2;} ' > /tmp/killparrt $ bash / tmp / killparrt # run resulting script
The /tmp / killparrt file would look something like : kill - 9 1021 kill - 9 1023 kill - 9 1024
Note : you can also do this common task with : $ killall java
Please be aware that this is linux specific ; i'm told that it will kill all processing on UNIXen like Solaris !
How to make a histogram
A histogram is set of count , value pairs indicating how often the value occurs .
The basic operation will be to sort , then count how many values occur in a row and then reverse sort so that the value with the highest count is at the top of the report .
$ ... | sort |uniq - c|sort -r -n
Note that sort sorts on the whole line , but the first column is obviously significant just as the first letter in someone 's last name significantly positions their name in a sorted list .
uniq -c collapses all repeated sequences of values but prints the number of occurrences in front of the value .
Recall the previous sorting : $ awk '{print $ 3 ; } '
< /home/public/cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log | \ sort | \ uniq / article/index.jsp /article/index.jsp?page=1 /article/index.jsp?page=10 /article/index.jsp?page=2 ...
Now add -c to uniq : $ awk '{print $ 3 ; } '
< /home/public/cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log | \ sort | \ uniq -c 623 / article/index.jsp 6 /article/index.jsp?page=1 10 /article/index.jsp?page=10 109 /article/index.jsp?page=2 ...
Now all you have to do is reverse sort the lines according to the first column numerically .
$ awk '{print $ 3 ; } '
< /home/public/cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log | \ sort | \ uniq -c | \ sort -r -n 6170 /index.jsp 2916 /search/results.jsp 1397 /faq/index.jsp 1018 /forums/index.jsp 884 /faq/home.jsp?topic=Tomcat ...
In practice , you might want to get a histogram that has been " despidered " and only has faq related views .
You can filter out all page view lines associated with spider IPs and filter in only faq lines : $ grep -v -f /tmp/ spider .
IPs /home/public/cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log | \ awk '{print $ 3 ; }'| \ grep '/ faq ' | \ sort | \ uniq -c | \ sort -r -n 1397 /faq/index.jsp 884 /faq/home.jsp?topic=Tomcat 525 /faq/home.jsp?topic=Struts
501 /faq/home.jsp?topic=JSP
423 /faq/home.jsp?topic=EJB
...
If you want to only see despidered faq pages that were referenced more than 500 times , add an awk command to the end .
$ grep -v -f /tmp/spider .IPs /home/public/cs601/unix/pageview-20021022.log | \ awk '{print $ 3 ; }'| \ grep '/ faq ' | \ sort | \ uniq -c | \ sort -r -n | \ awk '{if ( $ 1>500 ) print $ 0 ;} '
1397 /faq/index.jsp 884 /faq/home.jsp?topic=Tomcat 525 /faq/home.jsp?topic=Struts
501 /faq/home.jsp?topic=JSP
Generating Java class hierarchy diagrams
A student asked if I knew of a program that generated class hierarchy diagrams .
I said " no " , but then realized we do n't need one .
Here 's the one liner to do it : # pulls out superclass and class as $ 5 and $ 3 : # public class A extends B ... # only works for public classes and usual formatting cat *. java | grep ' public class ' $ 1 | \ awk ' BEGIN {print " digraph foo { " ;} {print $ 5 " - > " $ 3;} END {print " } " } '
It generates DOT format graph files .
Try it .
It 's amazing .
Works for most cases .
Output looks like : digraph foo { antlr .
CharScanner ->JavaLexer antlr.LLkParser->Mantra -> TestLexer }
Generating scripts and programs
I like to automate as much as possible .
Sometimes that means writing a program that generates another program or script .
Processing mail files
I wanted to get a sequence of SQL commands that would update our database whenever someone 's email bounced .
Processing the mail file is pretty easy since you can look for the error code followed by the email address .
A bounced email looks like : From MAILER -DAEMON@localhost.localdomain Wed Jan 9 17:32:33 2002 Return - Path : <>
Received : from web.jguru.com ( web.jguru.com [ 64.49.216.133 ] ) by localhost.localdomain ( 8.9.3/8.9.3 ) with ESMTP id RAA18767 for < notifications@jguru.com > ;
Wed , 9 Jan 2002 17:32:32 - 0800 Received : from localhost ( localhost ) by web.jguru.com ( 8.11.6/8.11.6 ) id g0A1W2o02285 ; Wed , 9 Jan 2002 17:32:02 - 0800 Date : Wed , 9 Jan 2002 17:32:02 - 0800 From : Mail Delivery Subsystem < MAILER-DAEMON@web.jguru.com >
Message - Id : < 200201100132.g0A1W2o02285@web.jguru.com >
To : < notifications@jguru.com >
MIME - Version : 1.0 Content - Type : multipart / report ; report - type=delivery - status ; boundary = " g0A1W2o02285.1010626322/web.jguru.com "
Subject : Returned mail : see transcript for details Auto - Submitted : auto - generated ( failure ) This is a MIME - encapsulated message -- g0A1W2o02285.1010626322/web.jguru.com
The original message was received at Wed , 9 Jan 2002 17:32:02 - 0800 from localhost [ 127.0.0.1 ]
-----
The following addresses had permanent fatal errors ----- < pain@intheneck.com > ( reason : 550 Host unknown )
-----
Transcript of session follows ----- 550 5.1.2 < pain@intheneck.com >...
Host unknown ( Name server : intheneck.com : host not found ) ...
Notice the SMTP 550 error message .
Look for that at the start of a line then kill the angle brackets , remove the ... and use awk to print out the SQL : # This script works on one email or a file full of other emails # since it just looks for the SMTP 550 or 554 results and then # converts them to SQL commands .
grep - E '^ ( 550|554 ) ' | \ sed 's /[<>]//g' | \ sed 's /\.\.\.//' | \ awk " {printf ( \" UPDATE PERSON SET bounce=1 WHERE email= '%s ' ;
\ " , \$ 3 ) ; } " >> bounces.sql
I have to escape the $ 3 because it means something to the surround bash shell script and I want awk to see the dollar sign .
Generating getter / setters
#!/bin/bash #
From a type and name ( plus firstlettercap version ) , # generate a Java getter and setter # # Example : getter .setter String name Name # TYPE=$ 1 NAME=$ 2 UPPER_NAME=$ 3 echo " public $ TYPE get$ UPPER_NAME ( ) { " echo " return $ NAME ; " echo " } " echo echo " void set $ UPPER_NAME ( $ TYPE $ NAME ) { " echo " this .
$ NAME = $ NAME ; " echo " } " echo
Have I been hacked ?
Failed logins : / var/log / messages
last , w , uptime
/ etc / passwd changed ?
fuser for ports
portscans in server report
weird processing hogging CPU ?
[ Haskell ] ANN YCR2JS , a Yhc Core to Javascript Converter
Hi , Ycr2js is a sub-project within the York Haskell Compiler ( Yhc ) project .
It is aimed to create a tool to convert an arbitrary Haskell program into Javascript which in turn may be executed in any Web browser .
I am pleased to announce that , with great amount of help from the Yhc Team , the converter has been integrated into the Yhc project , and initial stage of coding and development has been completed .
Interested members of the Haskell community are invited to experiment with the Converter .
It can be obtained with current Yhc snapshot from http://darcs.haskell.org/yhc
At this point , it is possible to convert a Haskell program into Javascript and create a XHTML page for viewing in a Web browser .
No framework is available to access DOM in type safe way , and / or support for AJAX .
Not all low - level primitives have been mapped to Javascript or optimized for the Javascript environment .
These are tasks for next stages and will be worked on in near future .
It was by no means only my idea to generate Javascript from Haskell .
Several people expressed this idea earlier in blogs and mailing lists .
I was interested in this myself , and just decided to go ahead and implement it .
Documentation ( partially written ) is available : http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Yhc/Javascript
At the moment of this announce , there is one live demo : http://darcs.haskell.org/yhc/web/jsdemos/Echo.html also referred to from the Wiki page mentioned .
Type any text in the input field provided , and see it echoed right above after Enter is pressed .
Just for fun , type any decimal number and see it converted to a Roman number , and vice versa .
Roman numerals module ( C ) Malcolm Wallace , originally from ftp://ftp.cs.york.ac.uk/pub/haskell/contrib/Roman.hs
On not so fast computers , the demo may show some delays ( e. g. 3 - 5 seconds on a 375 MHz Intel Celeron , Netscape7 , Linux ) between the text is typed and echoed ( mostly due to Roman number conversion ) .
This is being worked on .
Ycr2js is work in progress .
What is most needed is users feedback that would help improve it .
Any feedback will be greatly appreciated .
Thanks everyone who helped me in any way .
Feel free to contact me at golubovsky at gmail.com -- Dimitry Golubovsky Anywhere on the Web
Last year , I expressed my concerns about the eventual impact of a rapid collapse of Cantarell on Mexico 's oil production ( story here ) .
The last production numbers from PEMEX seems to confirm the rapid decline of Cantarell as well as the inability of the Mexican to rapidly bring new production online .
The Wall Street Journal ( thanks to Jerôme ) published an article on Cantarell last week :
From the same article , the following chart says it all !
In December 2006 , production went below 3.0 mbpd for the first time since 2001 .
We have to keep in mind that Mexico is the second second source of oil imports for the United States ( before Saudi Arabia ) with nearly 1.606 mbpd in 2006 .
Below are shown two results of the Hubbert Linearization ( HL ) applied on the monthly Mexican production for crude oil + condensate :
The first fit is based on production data from 1992 to 2006 ( green points ) and predicts an URR around 70 Gb with a moderate decline .
The cumulative production at the end of 2006 is 34.9 Gb .
The second HL ( Figure 2 ) is more pessimistic but reflects the stronger production decline observed since 2005 .
Fig 2 . Result of the Hubbert Linearization on the monthly crude oil + condensate production using the years 1991 to 2006 .
Fig 3 . Result of the Hubbert Linearization on the monthly crude oil + condensate production using the years 2005 and 2006 .
Fig 4 . Result of the Hubbert Linearization on Cantarell 's production .
On Figure 5 , different forecasts for Mexico are represented :
IEA World Energy Outlook 2006 : forecasts for Crude Oil ( Table 3.2 , p. 94 ) .
IEA World Energy Outlook 2004 : forecast for All liquids ( Table 3.5 ) .
EIA , International Energy Outlook 2006 : World Oil Production Capacity by Region and Country , Reference Case , High and low prices scenarios , 1990 - 2030 ( Table E1 , p. 155 ) .
The recent drop in production since the beginning of 2006 has been very important ( around 400 kbpd ) and most forecasts have been overoptimistic .
According to the logistic model ( low variant ) the production of crude oil could potentially cross domestic demand levels around 2013 .
On Cantarell alone , the decline is quite impressive and the annual production decline rate could exceed 15 % in the next few years .
On Figure 5 , different forecasts for Mexico are represented :
The recent drop in production since the beginning of 2006 has been very important ( around 400 kbpd ) and most forecasts have been overoptimistic .
According to the logistic model ( low variant ) the production of crude oil could potentially cross domestic demand levels around 2013 .
Fig 5 . Mexico's oil production and various forecasts ( data sources explained in the footnotes ) .
PC= Productive capacities .
Click to enlarge .
Some numerical values for the different forecasts shown on Figure 4 are given in the table below .
Forecast 2005 2006 2007 2010 2015 Peak Date Peak Value Crude oil + NGL Observed ( EIA ) 3.69 3.68 NA NA NA 2004-02 3.90 IEA ( WEO , 2004 ) 3.93 4.02 4.09 4.20 4.14 2010 4.20 EIA Low Prices1 ( IEO , 2006 ) 3.90 3.94 3.98 4.13 4.54 2030-01 5.80 EIA Reference Case1 ( IEO , 2006 ) 3.88 3.90 3.93 4.02 4.22 2030-01 5.10 EIA
High Prices1 ( IEO , 2006 ) 3.84 3.85 3.86 3.93 4.40 2015-01 4.40 Crude Oil + Lease Condensate Observed ( EIA ) 3.27 3.25 NA NA NA 2004-05 3.45 IEA ( WEO , 2006 ) 3.30 3.28 3.23 3.10 3.10 2005 3.30 Logistic Low 3.29 3.18 3.06 2.66 1.96 1999 3.63 Logistic Medium 3.28 3.29 3.29 3.24 3.01 2006 3.29 Demand IEA ( WEO , 2006 ) 2.10 2.12 2.14 2.20 2.40 2030 3.10 Cantarell Observed 1.91 1.63 1.50 NA NA 2004-01 2.14 Logistic Cantarell 2.00 1.76 1.48 0.75 0.18 2003 2.28 Table I. Production figures in mbpd .1 Productive capacities .
The Bottom Line
Mexican gasoline prices have increased by 20 % . oil production has dropped by 11 % .
oil rig count has decreased by 20 % .
Cantarell 's production has dropped by 30 % .
domestic oil demand has increased by 2.5 % .
oil production may have dropped by 30 % .
Cantarell 's production may have dropped by 80 % .
domestic oil demand may increase by 10 % .
Fig 6 . Production , demand and prices in January 2004 values .
Click to enlarge .
Footnotes :
Production data sources :
1857 -1958 : from " API Facts and Figures Centennial edition 1959 " .
1959 - 1964 : from " Twentieth Century Petroleum Statistics 2004 " of DeGolyer & MacNaughton .
1965 -2005 : BP Statistical Review of World Energy .
EIA monthly data for NGPL production ( 1992-2005 ) .
EIA data ( Monthly Energy Review ) for crude oil + condensate ( 1973-2005 )
Monthly estimates from PEMEX for 2006 .
Rig count from Baker Hughes .
Notations : mbpd= Millions of barrels per day
Gb= Billions of barrels ( 10 9 )
) Tb= Trillions of barrels ( 10 12 )
) NGPL= Natural Gas Plant Liquids
NGL= Natural Gas Liquids ( lease condensate + NGPL )
URR = Ultimate Recoverable Resource
Further Reading :
Figure 6 below is summarizing the situation .
Since 2004 ( peak year ) :
By 2012 :
SAN FRANCISCO , Jan. 21 — The XXX industry has gotten too graphic , even for its own tastes .
Pornography has long helped drive the adoption of new technology , from the printing press to the videocassette .
Now pornographic movie studios are staying ahead of the curve by releasing high - definition DVDs .
They have discovered that the technology is sometimes not so sexy .
The high - definition format is accentuating imperfections in the actors — from a little extra cellulite on a leg to wrinkles around the eyes .
Hollywood is dealing with similar problems , but they are more pronounced for pornographers , who rely on close - ups and who , because of their quick adoption of the new format , are facing the issue more immediately than mainstream entertainment companies .
Producers are taking steps to hide the imperfections .
Some shots are lit differently , while some actors simply are not shot at certain angles , or are getting cosmetic surgery , or seeking expert grooming .
Authors Title
Wednesday , 17 January 2007
Invited Keynote - Session Chair 9:00 - 10:00
Audrey Tang Perl 6 : Reconciling the Irreconcilable
Session Chair 10:20 - 11:20
Jacob Matthews and Robert Bruce Findler Operational Semantics for Multi-Language Programs
Pavel Avgustinov , Elnar Hajiyev , Neil Ongkingco , Oege de Moor , Damien Sereni , Julian Tibble , Mathieu Verbaere Semantics of Static Pointcuts in AspectJ ( pdf )
Juan Chen A Typed Intermediate Language for Compiling Multiple Inheritance ( pdf )
Session Chair 11:30 - 12:30
Maria Jump and Kathryn S McKinley Cork : Dynamic Memory Leak Detection for Garbage - Collected Languages ( pdf )
Marina Polishchuk , Ben Liblit , and Chloë W. Schulze Dynamic Heap Type Inference for Program Understanding and Debugging
Patrice Godefroid Compositional Dynamic Test Generation ( pdf )
Xipeng Shen , Jonathan Shaw , Brian Meeker , Chen Ding Locality Approximation Using Time ( pdf )
Lunch 12:30 - 13:45
Lunch with presentation of the Most Influential POPL 97 Paper award
Session Chair 14:00 - 15:15
Derek Dreyer , Robert Harper , and Manuel M.T. Chakravarty Modular Type Classes ( pdf )
Jeffrey Mark Siskind and Barak A. Pearlmutter First - Class Nonstandard Interpretations by Opening Closures ( pdf )
Yitzhak Mandelbaum , Kathleen Fisher , David Walker , Mary Fernandez , and Artem Gleyzer PADS / ML : A Functional Data Description Language ( pdf )
Andrew M Pitts and Mark R Shinwell Generative Unbinding of Names ( pdf )
Session Chair 15:45 - 17:15
Gerwin Klein , Harvey Tuch , Michael Norrish Types , Bytes , and Separation Logic ( pdf )
Andrew W. Appel , Paul - Andre Mellies , Christopher D. Richards , Jerome Vouillon A Very Modal Model of a Modern , Major , General Type System ( pdf )
Cristiano Calcagno , Philippa Gardner , Uri Zarfaty Context Logic as Modal Logic : Completeness and Parametric Inexpressivity ( pdf )
Session Chair 17:20 - 17:35
Matthias Felleisen Business Meeting
Thursday , 18 January 2007
Invited Keynote - Session Chair 9:00 - 10:00
Don Batory From Implementation to Theory in Product Synthesis
Session Chair 10:20 - 11:30
Ralf Lammel Scrap your boilerplate with XPath - like combinators
Atsushi Ohori , Isao Sasano Lightweight Fusion by Fixed Point Promotion ( pdf )
Barak A. Pearlmutter and Jeffrey Mark Siskind Lazy Multivariate Higher - Order Forward - Mode AD ( pdf )
Session Chair 11:30 - 12:30
Kristian Stoevring and Soren B. Lassen A Complete , Co-Inductive Syntactic Theory of Sequential Control and State ( pdf )
Daniel K. Lee , Karl Crary , Robert Harper Towards a Mechanized Metatheory of Standard ML ( pdf )
Session Chair 14:00 - 15:30
Ben Wiedermann and William R. Cook Extracting Queries by Static Analysis of Transparent Persistence ( pdf )
Josh Berdine , Aziem Chawdhary , Byron Cook , Dino Distefano , Peter O'Hearn Variance analyses from invariance analyses ( pdf )
Session Chair 16:00 - 17:30
Pasquale Malacaria
Assessing security threats of looping constructs ( pdf )
Dachuan Yu , Ajay Chander , Nayeem Islam , and Igor Serikov JavaScript Instrumentation for Browser Security ( pdf )
Michele Bugliesi and Marco Giunti Secure Implementations of Typed Channel Abstractions ( pdf )
Reception Time TBA
Thursday evening reception at Brasserie Flo
Friday , 19 January 2007
Invited Keynote - Session Chair 9:00 - 10:00
Chet Murthy Advanced Programming Languages in Enterprise Software : A lambda - calculus theorist wanders into an enterprise datacenter
Session Chair 10:20 - 11:20
Byron Cook , Alexey Gotsman , Andreas Podelski , Andrey Rybalchenko , Moshe Vardi Proving That Programs Eventually Do Something Good ( pdf )
Sumit Gulwani and Nebojsa Jojic Program Verification as Probabilistic Inference ( pdf )
Session Chair 11:30 - 12:30
Michael Emmi , Jeffrey Fischer , Ranjit Jhala , Rupak Majumdar Lock Allocation
Matthew Parkinson , Richard Bornat and Peter O'Hearn Modular Verification of a Non-Blocking Stack ( pdf )
Vineet Kahlon and Aarti Gupta
On the Analysis of Interacting Pushdown Systems ( pdf )
Session Chair 14:00 - 15:30
John Reppy , Yingqi Xiao Specialization of CML message - passing primitives ( pdf )
Mayur Naik and Alex Aiken Conditional Must Not Aliasing for Static Race Detection ( pdf )
Ranjit Jhala , Rupak Majumdar Interprocedural Analysis of Asynchronous Programs
Session Chair 16:00 - 17:30
Kapil Vaswani , Aditya V. Nori , Trishul M. Chilimbi Preferential Path Profiling : Compactly Numbering Interesting Paths ( pdf )
Dan Ghica Geometry of Synthesis : A structured approach to VLSI design
My friend Kamal - who is definitely doing what he loves and helping others to boot with his new venture helping folks collectively pool funds for gifts or their favorite causes and charities - sent me Paul Graham 's latest essay , How to Do What You Love , with this note attached : " The definitive intelligent essay on doing what you love . "
Paul starts :
To do something well you have to like it .
That idea is not exactly novel .
We 've got it down to four words : " Do what you love . "
But it 's not enough just to tell people that .
Doing what you love is complicated .
I 've been traveling in tsunami- struck Thailand for the last month and have met dozens upon dozens of volunteers who quit their jobs for extended periods of time , directors of newly formed foundations , and various owners of hotels , bars , dive shops , restaurants , bakeries and more who are doing precisely what they love .
I 'll say upfront that rarely do I meet Americans .
Thais , French , Belgians , Germans , Swedes , Canadians , Australians , Brits , Scots , sundry expats living in Hong Kong and Shanghai and India , you name it - but few Americans .
Sandra , a friendly nurse - practitioner from Canada , came to Phi Phi , a resort island with limestone crags and turquoise bays hit hard by the tsunami , in February 2005 to set up a community medical center after the local clinic was wiped out .
Still an unpaid volunteer into late December , I spoke with Sandra about HiPhiPhi , a successful grassroots organization on the island .
On one hand she understands my question about how she managed to pull this off for nearly a year , but on the other she knows that I know already know the answer .
There is a tinge of impatience : " You just make it happen .
It 's a choice . "
When I explain that my readers may want a teeny bit more guidance on how to do this themselves she explains that she is n't attached to material possessions or the security of a pension .
Still I sense the question does n't fit .
It bristles like ill - fitting underwear .
I 'm reminded of the title to Peter Block 's book , The Answer to How is Yes .
" Granted , I came to Asia to do volunteer work , " says Tilo , a stonemason from Colorado , who is a key player and a construction consultant for the Tsunami Volunteer Center .
" I was building a soup kitchen in Ko Samet for the low season .
At the time of the tsunami , I should have been on a boat to a small island off Railey where no one survived , but I stopped for an extra fifteen minutes to make a phone call to my Dad at the market inland . "
" When I showed up at the TVC [ Tsunami Volunteer Center ] , I felt everything had lead up to that moment , " continues Tilo .
" If you would have told me all this last year would have encompassed , I would n't have believed it . "
Talking with Tik over the scent of longan nut , poppyseed , chocolate , lemon cheesecake , and tiramisu sitting on the counter at the Stempfer Cafe she tells me she has a biotechnology degree from a German university .
Before I can censor myself , I blurt , " Then what are you doing here ? "
She explains how she hated working in a food control lab .
" I thought making cakes was hard , but it 's not , " she tells me .
It dawns on me that she is not a waitress , but the co-owner with her German husband .
And more importantly , in her last year in Germany she chose to study baking .
I realize you can flip the question :
What am I doing here ?
A backpack journalist jotting notes in eight - dollar - per - night bungalows while her electrical engineering diploma just rots away .
In fact , Tik 's background will serve her well when she opens up the dream baked goods factory and distributes her packaged treats all over Thailand .
And having grown up in this province she wants to give work to its people too , she says .
" The farung call me Mr. One Love " , says Rakdeaw , whose name literally means ' one ( deaw ) love ( rak ) . '
His degree in agricultural education usually takes him to farmers in the north provinces , Laos , Vietnam , Cambodia , and Burma to teach them how to grow organic crops .
These days , Rakdeaw is teaching indigenous kids called the Moken at their learning center through Foundation for Children in Tung Wa .
He talks to me about globalization and the need to preserve their unique culture .
" I 'd like to have a library here with Moken [ not a written language ] , Thai and English books .
Write down the history and culture of the people .
Create a Moken dictionary .
Now every day we have old people come and teach five Moken words to the children . "
He shares with me tidbits of his knowledge of the Moken .
" They have no pockets , " explains Rakdeaw .
" What do you mean ? " I 'm thoroughly confused .
He gestures placing his upturned palms into a bowl .
" They get everything from the sea .
It is like gold for them .
Always the sea gives fish and whatever they need . "
Ah .
They put their trust in the bounty of the universe , not their savings accounts .
I am beginning to comprehend .
GNU Bash is one of the most common shells in the Linux world , it 's also the default shell on Debian systems .
People who use it frequently and browse the manual usually learn something new , here I 'm going to share two tips I can not live without .
What are yours ?
autocompletion is literally what it 's name might suggest , you start to type something and it 's completed for you .
This is usually enabled for simple things such as file and directory names , and by default it will be activated by the " TAB " key .
For example if you wish to look at the system 's password file you might wish to run :
less /etc / passwd
To save keystrokes you can actually type :
lesTAB /eTAB / passTAB
As you proceed to type the words pressing TAB will automatically complete things for you .
In the Debian bash package there is a file installed called /etc / bash_completion , this adds a lot more useful behaviours to bash including :
Auto completion of hostnames , for SSH
Auto completion of Debian specific utilities
To cause your shell to use it run the following command , then login again :
echo '. /etc/bash_completion ' >> ~/.bashrc
This will now give you a lot more completions , most usefully I find the following :
apt - get upg TAB
This becomes the familiar " apt - get upgrade " , other apt - get , and dpkg commands suddenly understand completion too , so instead of typing " dpkg -- search " you can cut this down to " dpkg -- seaTAB " .
To be honest I do n't know the full extent of the completion offered as some of the code in the /etc / bash_completion file is pretty hard to follow , but I know it saves me time .
Why not have a look yourself ?
Friday , September 20 , 2002
[ National Review Online , September 20 , 2002 ]
True Love Waits .
Wait Training .
Worth Waiting For .
The slogans of teen abstinence programs reveal a basic fact of human nature : teens , sex , and waiting are n’t a natural combination .
Over the last fifty years the wait has gotten longer .
In 1950 , the average first - time bride was just over 20 ; in 1998 she was five years older , and her husband was pushing 27 .
If that June groom had launched into puberty at 12 , he ’d been waiting more than half his life .
If he had been waiting , that is .
Sex is the sugar coating on the drive to reproduce , and that drive is nearly overwhelming .
It ’s supposed to be ; it ’s the survival engine of the human race .
Fighting it means fighting a basic bodily instinct , akin to fighting thirst .
Yet despite the conflict between liberals and conservatives on nearly every topic available , this is one point on which they firmly agree : young people absolutely must not have children .
Though they disagree on means — conservatives advocate abstinence , liberals favor contraception — they shake hands on that common goal .
The younger generation must not produce a younger generation .
But teen pregnancy , in itself , is not such a bad thing .
By the age of 18 , a young woman ’s body is well prepared for childbearing .
Young men are equally qualified to do their part .
Both may have better success at the enterprise than they would in later years , as some health risks — Cesarean section and Down syndrome , for example — increase with passing years .
( The dangers we associate with teen pregnancy , on the other hand , are behavioral , not biological : drug use , STD ’s , prior abortion , extreme youth , and lack of prenatal care . )
A woman ’s fertility has already begun to decline at 25 — one reason the population - control crowd promotes delayed childbearing .
Early childbearing also rewards a woman ’s health with added protection against breast cancer .
Younger moms and dads are likely be more nimble at child - rearing as well , less apt to be exhausted by toddlers ’ perpetual motion , less creaky - in - the - joints when it ’s time to swing from the monkey bars .
I suspect that younger parents will also be more patient with boys - will - be - boys rambunction , and less likely than weary 40 - somethings to beg pediatricians for drugs to control supposed pathology .
Humans are designed to reproduce in their teens , and they ’re potentially very good at it .
That ’s why they want to so much .
Teen pregnancy is not the problem Unwed teen pregnancy is the problem .
It ’s childbearing outside marriage that causes all the trouble .
Restore an environment that supports younger marriage , and you wo n’t have to fight biology for a decade or more .
Most of us blanch at the thought of our children marrying under the age of 25 , much less under 20 .
The immediate reaction is : “ They ’re too immature . ”
We expect teenagers to be self - centered and impulsive , incapable of shouldering the responsibilities of adulthood .
But it was n’t always that way ; through much of history , teen marriage and childbearing was the norm .
Most of us would find our family trees dotted with many teen marriages .
Of course , those were the days when grown teens were presumed to be truly “ young adults . ”
It ’s hard for us to imagine such a thing today .
It ’s not that young people are inherently incapable of responsibility - history disproves that - but that we no longer expect it .
Only a few decades ago a high school diploma was taken as proof of adulthood , or at least as a promise that the skinny kid holding it was ready to start acting like one .
Many a boy went from graduation to a world of daily labor that he would not leave until he was gray ; many a girl began turning a corner of a small apartment into a nursery .
Expectations may have been humble , but they were achievable , and many good families were formed this way .
Hidden in that scenario is an unstated presumption , that a young adult can earn enough to support a family .
Over the course of history , the age of marriage has generally been bounded by puberty on the one hand , and the ability to support a family on the other .
In good times , folks marry young ; when prospects are poor , couples struggle and save toward their wedding day .
A culture where men do n’t marry until 27 would normally feature elements like repeated crop failures or economic depression .
That ’s not the case in America today .
Instead we have an artificial situation which causes marriage to be delayed .
The age that a man , or woman , can earn a reasonable income has been steadily increasing as education has been dumbed down .
The condition of basic employability that used to be demonstrated by a high school diploma now requires a Bachelor ’s degree , and professional careers that used to be accessible with a Bachelor ’s now require a Master ’s degree or more .
Years keep passing while kids keep trying to attain the credentials that adult earning requires .
Financial ability is n’t our only concern , however ; we ’re convinced that young people are simply incapable of adult responsibility .
We expect that they will have poor control of their impulses , be self - centered and emotional , and be incapable of visualizing consequences .
( It ’s odd that kids thought to be too irresponsible for marriage are expected instead to practice heroic abstinence or diligent contraception . )
The assumption of teen irresponsibility has broader roots that just our estimation of the nature of adolescence ; it involves our very idea of the purpose of childhood .
Until a century or so ago , it was presumed that children were in training to be adults .
From early years children helped keep the house or tend the family business or farm , assuming more responsibility each day .
By their latter teens , children were ready to graduate to full adulthood , a status they received as an honor .
How early this transition might begin is indicated by the number of traditional religious and social coming - of - age ceremonies that are administered at ages as young as 12 or 13 .
But we no longer think of children as adults - in - progress .
Childhood is no longer a training ground but a playground , and because we love our children and feel nostalgia for our own childhoods , we want them to be able to linger there as long as possible .
We cultivate the idea of idyllic , carefree childhood , and as the years for education have stretched so have the bounds of that playground , so that we expect even “ kids ” in their mid-to - late twenties to avoid settling down .
Again , it ’s not that people that age could n’t be responsible ; their ancestors were .
It ’s that anyone , offered a chance to kick back and play , will generally seize the opportunity .
If our culture assumed that 50 - year - olds would take a year - long break from responsibility , have all their expenses paid by someone else , spend their time having fun and making forgivable mistakes , our malls would be overrun by middle - aged delinquents .
But do n’t young marriages tend to end in divorce ?
If we communicate to young people that we think they ’re inherently incompetent that will become a self - fulfilling prophecy , but it was not always the case .
In fact , in the days when people married younger , divorce was much rarer .
During the last half of the 20th century , as brides ’ age rose from 20 to 25 , the divorce rate doubled .
The trend toward older , and presumptively more mature , couples did n’t result in stronger marriages .
Marital durability has more to do with the expectations and support of surrounding society than with the partners ’ age .
A pattern of late marriage may actually increase the rate of divorce .
During that initial decade of physical adulthood , young people may not be getting married , but they ’re still falling in love .
They fall in love , and break up , and undergo terrible pain , but find that with time they get over it .
They may do this many times .
Gradually , they get used to it ; they learn that they can give their hearts away , and take them back again ; they learn to shield their hearts from access in the first place .
They learn to approach a relationship with the goal of getting what they want , and keep their bags packed by the door .
By the time they marry they may have had many opportunities to learn how to walk away from a promise .
They ’ve been training for divorce .
As we know too well , a social pattern of delayed marriage does n’t mean delayed sex .
In 1950 , there were 14 births per thousand unmarried women ; in 1998 , the rate had leapt to 44 .
Even that astounding increase does n’t tell the whole story .
In 1950 the numbers of births generally corresponded to the numbers of pregnancies , but by 1998 we must add in many more unwed pregnancies that did n’t come to birth , but ended in abortion , as roughly one in four pregnancies do .
My home city of Baltimore wins the blue ribbon for out - of - wedlock childbearing : in 2001 , 77 % of all births were to unwed mothers .
There are a number of interlocking reasons for this rise in unwed childbearing , but one factor must surely be that when the requirements presumed necessary for marriage rise too high , some people simply parachute out .
It ’s one thing to ask fidgety kids to abstain until they finish high school at 18 .
When the expectation instead is to wait until 25 or 27 , many will decline to wait at all .
We ’re saddened , but no longer surprised , at girls having babies at the age of 12 or 13 .
Between 1940 and 1998 , the rate at which girls 10 - 14 had their first babies almost doubled .
These young moms ’ sexual experiences are usually classified as “ non-voluntary ” or “ not wanted . ”
Asking boys to wait until marriage is one way a healthy culture protects young girls .
The idea of returning to an era of young marriage still seems daunting , for good reason .
It is not just a matter of tying the knot between dreamy - eyed 18 - year - olds and tossing them out into world .
Our ancestors were able to marry young because they were surrounded by a network of support enabling that step .
Young people are not intrinsically incompetent , but they do still have lots of learning to do , just like newly - weds of any age .
In generations past a young couple would be surrounded by family and friends who could guide and support them , not just in navigating the shoals of new marriage , but also in the practical skills of making a family work , keeping a budget , repairing a leaky roof , changing a leaky diaper .
It is not good for man to be alone ; it ’s not good for a young couple to be isolated , either .
In this era of extended education , couples who marry young will likely do so before finishing college , and that will require some sacrifices .
They ca n’t expect to “ have it all . ”
Of the three factors — living on their own , having babies , and both partners going to school full - time — something is going to have to give .
But young marriage can succeed , as it always has , with the support of family and friends .
I got married a week after college graduation , and both my husband and I immediately went to graduate school .
We made ends meet by working as janitors in the evenings , mopping floors and cleaning toilets .
We were far from home , but our church was our home , and through the kindness of more - experienced families we had many kinds of support — in fact , all that we needed .
When our first child was born we were so flooded with diapers , clothes , and gifts that our only expense was the hospital bill .
Our daughter and older son also married and started families young .
Things do n’t come easy for those who buck the norm , but with the help of family , church , and creative college - to - work programs , both young families are making their way .
Early marriage can’t happen in a vacuum ; it requires support from many directions , and it would be foolish to pretend the costs are n’t high .
The rewards are high as well .
It is wonderful to see our son and daughter blooming in strong , joyful marriages , and an unexpected joy to count a new daughter and son in our family circle .
Our cup overflows with grandchildren as well : as of July we have four grandbabies , though the oldest is barely two .
I ’m 49 .
It ’s interesting to think about the future .
What if the oldest grandbaby also marries young , and has his first child at the age of 20 ?
I would hold my great - grandchild at 67 .
There could even follow a great - great - grand at 87 .
I will go into old age far from lonely .
My children and their children would be grown up then too , and available to surround the younger generations with many resourceful minds and loving hearts .
Even more outrageous things are possible : I come from a long - lived family , some of whom went on past the age of 100 .
How large a family might I live to see ?
Such speculation becomes dizzying — yet these daydreams are not impossible , and surely not unprecedented .
Closely - looped , mutually supporting generations must have been a common sight , in older days when young marriage was affirmed , and young people were allowed to do what comes naturally .
Meirion Jones
BBC Newsnight
There are concerns that such funds are wiping out the benefits which international debt relief was supposed to bring to poor countries .
Martin Kalunga - Banda , a Zambian consultant to Oxfam told Newsnight , " That $ 40 m is equal to the value of all the debt relief we received last year . "
Vulture funds - as defined by the International Monetary Fund and Gordon Brown amongst others - are companies which buy up the debt of poor nations cheaply when it is about to be written off and then sue for the full value of the debt plus interest - which might be ten times what they paid for it .
Mockery
Caroline Pearce from the Jubilee Debt campaign told Newsnight it makes a mockery of all the work done by governments to write off the debts of the poorest .
" Profiteering does n't get any more cynical than this .
Zambia has been planning to spend the money released from debt cancellation on much - needed nurses , teachers and infrastructure : this is what debt cancellation is intended for not to line the pockets of businessmen based in rich countries . "
Martin Kalunga - Banda says $ 40 m is equivalent to Zambia 's annual debt relief
Suing
In 1979 the Romanian government lent Zambia money to buy Romanian tractors .
Zambia was unable to keep up the payments and in 1999 Romania and Zambia negotiated to liquidate the debt for $ 3 m .
Before the deal could be finalised one of Debt Advisory International 's vulture funds stepped in and bought the debt from Romania for less than $ 4 m .
They are now suing the Zambian government for the original debt plus interest which they calculate at over $ 40 m and they expect to win .
Like the other vulture funds Debt Advisory International refuse to do interviews but reporter Greg Palast caught up with the company founder Michael Sheehan outside his home in Virginia .
Greg Palast ( right ) tracked down Michael Sheehan
Michael Sheehan : " No comment I 'm in litigation .
It 's not my debt . "
Greg Palast :
Are n't you just profiteering from the work of good people who are trying to save lives by cutting the debt of these poor nations ?
Michael Sheehan :
Well there was a proposal for investment .
That 's all I can talk about right now .
Five years ago Gordon Brown told the United Nations that the vulture funds were perverse and immoral : " We particularly condemn the perversity where Vulture Funds purchase debt at a reduced price and make a profit from suing the debtor country to recover the full amount owed - a morally outrageous outcome " .
But the vulture funds are still operating .
' We do n't do interviews '
The London case is just one of many which are running around the world .
Newsnight went to New York to try to interview Paul Singer - the reclusive billionaire who virtually invented vulture funds .
In 1996 his company they paid $ 11 m for some discounted Peruvian debt and then threatened to bankrupt the country unless they paid $ 58 m .
They got their $ 58 m .
Now they 're suing Congo Brazzaville for $ 400 m for a debt they bought for $ 10 m .
We did n't get our interview .
His spokesman told us , " We have nothing to hide ; we just do n't do interviews " .
US courts
Jubilee Debt Campaign told Newsnight that they are calling on Gordon Brown to turn his moral outrage about vulture funds into action
Watch more of Greg Palast 's Newsnight reports
Debt Advisory International are very generous to their lobbyists in Washington .
They have been paying $ 240,000 a year to the lobby firm Greenberg Traurig - although recently they jumped ship to another firm after Greenberg Traurig 's top lobbyist was put in jail .
Paul Singer has more direct political connections .
He was the biggest donor to George Bush and the Republican cause in New York City - giving $ 1.7 m since Bush started his first presidential campaign .
Rudi Guiliani is the favourite to be the next Republican presidential candidate and a leaked memo from his campaign shows that Paul Singer has pledged to raise $ 15 m for Guiliani 's campaign .
Tactics
The vulture funds have teams of lawyers combing the world for assets which can be seized to settle their claims .
There have also been claims of dubious tactics .
Back in Britain the Zambian case has seen much legal discussion about allegations of bribery .
The Zambian legal team - led by William Blair QC - Tony Blair 's brother , has argued that a $ 2 m bribe was offered to the former Zambian President to make it easier for the vulture funds to claim their money .
They showed the court an email disclosed in the Zambia case saying that a payment to the " President 's favourite charity " had allowed them to do a more favourable deal .
When we caught up with Michael Sheehan outside his house in Virginia he told us it was not a bribe but a charitable donation .
He told us , " We offered to donate debt to a low income housing initiative which was a charitable initiative which did end up building several thousand houses " before adding " you 're contorting the facts , you 're on my property and I would ask you to step off " .
The Jubilee Debt Campaign told Newsnight that they are calling on Gordon Brown to turn his moral outrage about vulture funds into action if he becomes Prime Minister and change the law to make the Zambian case the last to appear in a British court .
Meirion Jones produced Greg Palast 's Newsnight report on vulture funds .
Newsnight would like to make it clear that Debt Advisory International are not linked to companies with similar initials , such as DAI and DAI Europe Ltd .
The patient at the hospital in the southern Urals who reported the case heard the children 's muffled cries .
She used her mobile phone to film a baby lying in a cot with his mouth taped , while others had dummies taped to their mouths .
They are all orphans .
The case , covered widely by Russian media , has caused deep shock .
Russians are used to scandals in the hospital , but this case has touched a raw nerve , says the BBC's Richard Galpin in Moscow .
Criminal probe
The patient who reported the incident , Elena Kuritsyna , had been in the hospital with her own children .
Elena Kuritsyna spotted the babies during a visit to the hospital
She said she heard the suppressed crying of young children in the next ward .
" I heard that a baby was mumbling in a neighbouring room ; when I looked in , I saw the baby with plaster over his mouth ; he could not cry or do anything , was just mumbling , " she told Reuters television .
She approached the nurse in the ward and was initially told to mind her own business .
Children were crying too loudly , and distracting nurses from their work , she was told .
She eventually persuaded the nurse to remove the plaster , but she says that afterwards the nurse did it again .
The nurse has been suspended and on Wednesday the head doctor at the hospital was reprimanded .
Prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation , and say they have discovered that sticking plaster was used more than once .
" Children in the first year of life were systematically gagged with sticking plaster to make children behave quietly , " the prosecutors ' press service said .
It is alleged the babies were silenced because there were too few staff to deal with them .
Ruby 1.8.5 Released
By Peter Cooper
It 's not mentioned on the official Ruby homepage yet , but Matz has just announced the release of Ruby 1.8.5 on the Ruby mailing list .
He claims there are no big changes from 1.8.4 and cites stability as the main benefit of upgrading .
Unless you 're having problems with 1.8.4 , however , I 'd wait a few weeks to see how it pans out , but if you 're itching to try it out get it from http://ftp.ruby-lang.org/pub/ruby/ruby-1.8.5.tar.gz
" After three years of being laughed out of meetings , the U.S. Marine Corps ' futuristic plans to deploy through space may finally be getting some traction , " notes Aviation Week 's spunky new spin - off , Defense Technology International .
Although the chuckle factor has n't altogether disappeared , the Air Force Research Laboratory and Darpa are beginning a study of options for a reusable upper - stage space travel vehicle -- the same kind of technology that the Marines might need for a ride halfway across the globe .
The effort is called " Hot Eagle , " and it could be the first step forward in the Marine Corps ' hopes for space travel .
Within minutes of bursting into the atmosphere beyond the speed of sound -- and dispatching that ominous sonic boom -- a small squad of Marines could be on the ground and ready to take care of business within 2 hours .
[ One presentation muses that the capsule might later be picked up by a Osprey or by a " balloon cable and C - 17 " transport plane .
Or , the Marines might " hike out , " and " leave [ the ] crew capsule behind . " -- ed. ]
The Marine Corps calls the concept the Small Unit Space Transport and Insertion Capability ( Sustain ) .
This plan , a growing group of Marine supporters say , is the natural evolution of the service 's proclivity for expeditionary warfare that began decades ago with amphibious landings ...
The concept is to deliver strategic equipment or a small squad of soldiers to any point on the globe -- even the most hard - to - reach location -- within hours of need .
Once on the ground , those soldiers can carry out strategically critical missions like reconnaissance or destroying a specific target .
At least , that 's their pitch .
PANGANDARAN , Indonesia , Wednesday , July 19 — Thousands of terrified residents in this coastal community huddled together in makeshift camps , parents clutching small children , on the crest of nearby hills Tuesday night , fearing a repeat of Monday ’s tsunami that has now killed more than 300 people and injured hundreds more .
Most villagers said they were taken by surprise when the six - foot wall of water pounded the shore , leveling seaside houses and hotels up to 500 meters inland .
Wood and debris blocked roads , while cars and small boats , carried inland by the waves , littered the many coconut groves dotting the shore .
A 7.7 magnitude undersea earthquake at about 3 p.m.
Monday set off the tsunami , but most residents said they barely felt the quake and only realized the danger after the ocean began to quickly recede — a sign of a coming tsunami .
“ The tremors were not strong , so I felt no need to worry , ” said Mumu , 42 , whose 15 tourist cottages were reduced to hollow frames .
“ But then I heard the screams of the people on the beach and when I looked over the fence the water was rushing toward me . ”
May thy dice chip and shatter
Introducing GameByEmail 's Dice - O-Matic .
Made from Legos , a USB camera , and a bit of software , it 's a home - grown , dice - rolling monster .
Do n't let it 's rickety looks deceive you ; this puppy can easily crank out the 50,000 rolls a day consumed by GamesByEmail .
In fact , at full speed it averages almost one roll a second , well over 80,000 a day !
Let 's take a close look at the hardware .
It has 5 major parts :
1 ) The Hopper
2 ) The Shoe
3 ) The Camera
4 ) The Throwing Wheels
5 ) The Catcher
The Hopper .
The hopper collects and stacks the dice vertically .
The cycle is fast enough that only three dice need to be in the system .
The dice I use are 15 mm , exactly fitting into a 2x2 brick space .
Sometimes the dice stuck though , so the hopper chute is 3x3 .
Dice in the hopper start out resting on the top surface of the shoe .
The Shoe , Part 1 .
The shoe moves back and forth at the bottom back of the hopper .
It is 2 wide , 1 & 1/3 tall with a bumpless top , just short of the height of a die .
When the cycle starts , the shoe is almost all the way into the hopper , with the dice stacked on top .
The bottom die poses through a window for the camera .
The Camera .
The cheap USB camera is mounted using a few holes I drilled in its housing to accept pegs .
It 's is mounted on an old time hinge and swivel to make orienting easy .
The camera has an external button on it's housing to take still shots .
Rather than try to rig up something to poke this button directly ( which would jostle the camera , blurring the picture , and probably reorient it ) , I sacrificed a long Lego wire jumper .
I cut the jumper in half , opened the camera housing , fed the wires of a half jumper through a small hole I drilled in the housing , and then soldered the wires to the camera 's push button leads .
I can now easily use a Mindstorm push button sensor to trigger the camera .
The sensor is depressed at the right time by a peg on the shoe connecting rod , and the camera sends a black and white picture to the computer .
The Shoe , Part 2 .
After the picture is taken , the shoe slides back , allowing the stack of dice to drop 1 level .
It then moves forward again , pushing the bottom die out from under the stack and toward the throwing wheels .
A ramp at the end lifts the die directly between the wheels .
The Throwing Wheels .
The throwing wheels are two 81.6x15s spaced 13 holes apart , exactly enough room to get a good grip on a die in between them .
They have their own motor and gear train as they do not need to synchronize with the rest of the cycle .
The wheels are geared together so they spin at the same rate , but in opposite directions .
They spin pretty fast , using a 40 to 24 increasing gear set .
When the die is pushed up the ramp , it gets pinched and thrown into the air , spinning , but more or less straight up .
Unblocked , they reach about 2 feet high .
However , the catcher is positioned to grab them before they peak .
The Catcher .
The catcher is a deflector plate attached to the hopper .
The upward bound die hits the angled plate which sends the die into the funnel of the hopper .
There are a few tumbling blocks in the hopper that help roll the die .
The die tumbles to the stack at the bottom , where it begins the journey again .
There must be at least three dice in the system to help gravity feed and position the die for the camera .
I run it with a few extra .
Next , the software .
It has 4 parts :
1 ) The Camera
2 ) The Preview Box
3 ) The Still Image Box
4 ) The Pip Counter
The Camera .
The USB camera is a TWAIN device .
I 'm programming in .NET which currently has no built - in TWAIN libraries .
I 'm too cheap to buy an aftermarket TWAIN library for .NET , and too lazy to figure out all the details of using twain_32.dll as an extern to capture the incoming still images directly .
So I let the TWAIN events get handled by the simple preview and still image applications that came with the camera , and simply do screenshots of the still image application box , and process that .
The Preview Box .
The first time you click the camera button , the preview box opens , looking like so .
I 've set the image filter to drop the color as I 'm only interested in black and white .
The Still Image Box .
When the preview box is open and the camera button is clicked again , the image is sent to the Still Image Box .
Every time the button is clicked , a new image is in the box .
The Pip Counter .
I wrote a .NET application to count the pips on the dice .
It does this by constantly monitoring the Still Image Box .
Every quarter second , it captures a partial screen shot of the Still Image Box .
It then compares this image to the previous image .
Even with consecutive rolls , the images are slightly different .
If the images are the same , no new picture was taken and nothing happens .
If the images are different , it scans for pips .
The image captured is not of the whole box , it is just the part where the dice should be .
The image is scanned in a simple left to right , top to bottom fashion , looking for a black pixel .
When a black pixel is found , the scanning process pauses , and it goes into Fill Pip mode .
This mode recursively checks a pixel and returns it 's " Fill Count " .
If it is white , the count returned is 0 .
If it is black , the pixel is made red , the count is set to 1 , and then it 's neighbors are checked , recursively adding their fill count to the total .
In the end , you have the number of pixels in a black group .
If the group was large enough , it is counted as a pip , else it is ignored .
Since the black pixels in the group were turned red , the same group will not be counted again when the scan resumes .
The scan is done stepping 5 pixels at a time .
This is both faster and allows the pip fill to traverse reflection streaks that might otherwise split a single pip into two .
The rolls are appended to a text file , with an automated nightly upload to the game server .
If so inclined ( and I had the bandwidth ) , the image of each actual roll could be stored and uploaded as well , and shown to the player .
Just make sure they cannot be viewed before they are consumed !
Presto !
Dedicate an old 266MHz machine to the task , and the rolls are as random as I can make them .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has filed a lawsuit against the Department of Defense and the Army that seeks more information on a military web censorship unit called the Army Web Risk Assessment Cell ( AWRAC ) after the DOD failed to answer the EFF 's Freedom of Information Act request in an expedited fashion .
AWRAC 's existence was revealed last October in an Army News Service piece that described the unit .
The AWRAC team monitors hundreds of thousands of web sites each month and contacts webmasters and bloggers about any security concerns .
The EFF wanted more information , and on November 2 , 2006 , they filed a FOIA request with the DOD .
In that request for documents and e-mails , the EFF also requested " expedited processing " and applied for the journalistic fee waiver .
Both requests were denied on November 13 .
The FOIA examiner at the DOD told the EFF that " the information you have requested would not be considered the subject of a breaking news story because it has already been the subject of multiple national news stories . "
Furthermore , because the EFF is not primarily a publisher , the group did not qualify for the news media waiver .
The fee waiver decision was overturned on appeal , but the expedited processing decision was not .
The EFF then chose to file suit in the DC Circuit Court , seeking to compel the DOD to turn over the information promptly .
The government has not yet filed a response .
The FOIA request and subsequent lawsuit are part of the EFF 's FLAG program that looks at government " technologies that invade privacy , " but the group is not seeking to have the AWRAC program shut down .
Marcia Hoffman , the EFF attorney who filed the complaint , says that she recognizes the need for some censorship of war information .
" Of course , a military effort requires some level of secrecy , " she says .
" But the public has a right to know if the Army is silencing soldiers ' opinions as well .
That 's why the Department of Defense must release information on how this program works without delay . "
Froo Froo Menu Generator
I thought this guy ’s website was hilarious .
The Breaded Reptile with a Whipped Grits sounded great .
I ’m sure some NYC chef desperate for inspiration will cycle through this thing ad infinitum .
Check it out .
by Gina Trapani
Your digital music collection is crying out for new songs .
Sure you could hit up the iTunes Music Store , or rip another CD , or fire up your P2P software and pray the RIAA does n't eat your firstborn - but the plain ol ' web is an untapped goldmine of audio .
If you 're willing to branch out beyond the Top 40 , have a gander at six of my favorite places to find tunes on the web .
Advertisement
Google
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Use Google operators to find unprotected directories of audio files or files of type .mp3 .
As suggested by this Google Tutor & Advisor article , a Google search like this :
- inurl : ( htm|html|php ) intitle : " index of " + " last modified " +" parent directory " + description +size +( wma|mp3 ) " Kleptones "
Turns up several directory listings of Kleptones MP3's .
Replace " Kleptones " with the artist , genre or keyword of your liking .
Singing Fish
If you do n't want to screw around with nutty Google operators , check out Singing Fish , an exclusively audio and video search engine .
See most popular searches and easily filter by file type and duration .
Advertisement
Webjay
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Webjay is a playlist community .
Webjay users create lists of songs that exist all over the Web in different formats .
Browse around Webjay playlists and play them in a variety of music players - from Winamp to iTunes to RealPlayer .
Not all formats are supported by all players , so it takes some patience to find what works with your software .
Webjay also has the " Play this page " bookmarklet which will generate a playlist from a list of music files on a web page .
Snag that bookmarklet to help yourself sample songs from the sources mentioned here .
Advertisement
del.icio.us social bookmarks
Bookmark aggregator del.icio.us filters its bookmarks by filetype - which means http://del.icio.us/tag/system:med… will give you a page of audio files , http://del.icio.us/tag/system:fil… will give you a page of MP3's , and http://del.icio.us/tag/system:fil… will give you a page of MP3's tagged mashup .
You can play del.icio.us music directly on the page or subscribe to del.icio.us audio in iTunes and get new songs automatically using iTunes ' Podcasting feature .
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
The good stuff floats to the top , so the most popular del.ici.us MP3's are almost always worth a listen .
Amazon
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Amazon 's Top Free Music downloads updates every six hours with DRM - free and legal tracks Amazon users like the most .
This previously - mentioned Greasemonkey script will make DL'ing the Amazon tunes easier for Firefox users .
Easier Amazon MP3 downloading Yesterday I mentioned Amazon 's surprisingly good selection of DRM - free MP3 downloads .
Problem is to Read more
Advertisement
MP3 blogs
Tons of music bloggers post MP3's for download almost daily ( shout - out to my personal favorite , Stereogum ! ) .
To get you started , the Tofu Hut blog has an insanely long list of MP3 blogs , as does this classic Metafilter post .
Once you find the MP3 blogs that you like , download songs from them automatically .
Command - line lover Jeff Veen has a great method using the wget utility to fetch audio files listed on web sites you specify in a text file .
Check out his instructions on how to wget new music every day .
Advertisement
Also ,
The Hype Machine is an MP3 blog aggregator that gathers all the audio links on MP3 blogs into one place .
( Thanks , Tim ! )
Note : Some of these sources guarantee legal downloads ( like Amazon ) .
Others are aggregators and search engines that may or may not include links to pirated songs .
Lifehacker does n't condone piracy , but we sure do encourage readers to support musicians in their music - making endeavors .
Lots of working musicians offer free downloads of their music to advertise .
So go ahead and explore the " long tail , " sample music from artists you never heard , and then head over to their web site and buy the album .
Advertisement
Where do you find new music on the web ?
Let us know in the comments or at tips at lifehacker.com .
Gina Trapani is the editor of Lifehacker .
Her special feature Geek to Live appears every Wednesday and Friday on Lifehacker .
No reason to feel optimistic
Conversely , those who are depressed , nervous or angry are more likely to complain about cold symptoms - whether or not they get bitten by the cold bug .
A team from Carnegie Mellon University , Pittsburgh , found people who had a positive emotional attitude were not infected as often and experienced fewer symptoms than people with a negative emotional style .
There are a lot of interactions going on in the body which we just do n't fully understand
Dr Nigel Higson
After their assessment , each volunteer got a squirt in the nose of a rhinovirus - the germ that causes colds .
The researchers kept the subjects under observation for five days to see whether or not they became infected and how they manifested symptoms .
Tests showed that positive people were no less likely to be infected with the virus .
However , infection seemed to produce fewer signs and symptoms of illness .
Lead researcher Dr Sheldon Cohen said : " We found that experiencing positive emotions was associated with greater resistance to developing a common cold .
" But a negative emotional style had no effect on whether or not people got sick . "
Immune system
Dr Cohen believes the findings suggest that a positive outlook may impact on how effective the immune system is at fighting disease .
He said that a more upbeat attitude may also help to reduce the risk of other infectious diseases .
Dr Cohen told BBC News Online : " The symptoms of a cold are caused by the release of chemicals such as cytokines , histamines and bradykinins .
" The release of these chemicals is to some extent under the control of hormones that are produced when we experience various emotions .
" We think that the levels of these hormones in happy people may partly protect them from developing symptoms of cold when infected by a cold virus . "
Dr Nigel Higson , a GP and chairman of the Primary Care Virology Group , said there was a lot of anecdotal evidence to suggest that stress had an impact on the immune system .
He said : " It seems that the immune system is affected by your wellbeing , and if you are free from stress it is able to fight disease more rapidly . "
Dr Higson said it was possible that chemicals in the brain may have a direct impact on the functioning of immune system chemicals .
However , he said : " There are a lot of interactions going on in the body which we just do n't fully understand . "
The research is published in the journal Psychosomatic Medicine .
Scott Rosenberg : What Makes Software So Hard Print By Edward Cone
The history of software development is marked by missed deadlines , blown budgets and broken promises .
Author Scott Rosenberg discusses this dysfunctional culture , and why it persists .
This is my response to If
this suite ’s a success , why is it so buggy ?
by Andrew Brown of
The Guardian .
Andrew Brown claims that OpenOffice “ illustrates the limitations of
open source ” and establishes that my aphorism “ Many eyes make bugs shallow ” is
false , but his reasoning is shaky .
Mr Brown appears to be arguing that because open - source development is n’t
perfect , it is n’t any better than closed source .
But there is no
silver bullet for the problem of software complexity — all
programs , open or closed , will have bugs .
The figures he is waving
around ( 6 K bugs , 5 K feature requests ) are meaningless in isolation .
In fact , controlled comparisons between closed - and open - source
versions of functionally equivalent programs have been done .
Barton
Miller ’s well - known “ Fuzz Papers ” suggested that open source programs
to have a 39 % edge in reliability over closed - source equivalents .
So where are the comparative statistics for the bug load of Microsoft
Office ?
Do we know that it has fewer than 11,000 bugs and feature
requests outstanding ?
If Mr. Brown do n’t know that , or at least have
those figures for a closed - source program of comparable size to
OpenOffice , he has no basis for asserting that the open - source method
is failing .
His article does inadvertently illustrate an important point , however .
If you make legal paperwork a requirement before volunteers can
contribute to a project , very few will do so .
If OpenOffice is
failing its promise , it ’s not because “ many eyeballs ” does n’t work —
it ’s because bureaucratic obstacles are driving the eyeballs away .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
IN THE EARLY 1980s you did n’t need to be a member of EarthFirst ! to know that Ronald Reagan was bad for the environment .
You did n’t even have to be especially politically aware .
Here was a man who had , after all , publicly stated that most air pollution was caused by plants .*
By contrast , while George W. Bush gets low marks on the environment from a majority of Americans , few fully appreciate the scope and fury of this administration ’s anti-environmental agenda .
“ What they ’re doing makes the Reagan administration look innocent , ” says Buck Parker , executive director of Earthjustice , a nonprofit environmental law firm .
The Bush administration has been gutting key sections of the Clean Water and Clean Air acts , laws that have traditionally had bipartisan support and have done more to protect the health of Americans than any other environmental legislation .
It has crippled the Superfund program , which is charged with cleaning up millions of pounds of toxic industrial wastes such as arsenic , lead , mercury , and vinyl chloride in more than 1,000 neighborhoods in 48 states .
It has sought to cut the EPA ’s enforcement division by nearly one - fifth , to its lowest level on record ; fines assessed for environmental violations dropped by nearly two - thirds in the administration ’s first two years ; and criminal prosecutions - the government ’s weapon of last resort against the worst polluters - are down by nearly one - third .
The administration has abdicated the decades - old federal responsibility to protect native animals and plants from extinction , becoming the first not to voluntarily add a single species to the endangered species list .
It has opened millions of acres of wilderness - including some of the nation ’s most environmentally sensitive public lands - to logging , mining , and oil and gas drilling .
Under one plan , loggers could take 10 percent of the trees in California ’s Giant Sequoia National Monument ; many of the Monument ’s old - growth sequoias , 200 years old and more , could be felled to make roof shingles .
Other national treasures that have been opened for development include the million - acre Grand Canyon - Parashant National Monument in Arizona , the 2,000 - foot red-rock spires at Fisher Towers , Utah , and dozens of others .
And then , of course , the White House has all but denied the existence of what may be the most serious environmental problem of our time , global warming .
After campaigning on a promise to reduce emissions of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide , Bush made an abrupt about - face once elected , calling his earlier pledge “ a mistake ” and announcing that he would not regulate CO2 emissions from power plants - even though the United States accounts for a fourth of the world ’s total industrial CO2 emissions .
Since then , the White House has censored scientific reports that mentioned the subject , walked away from the Kyoto agreement to reduce greenhouse - gas emissions , and even , at the behest of ExxonMobil , engineered the ouster of the scientist who chaired the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
So why are n’t more people aware that George W. Bush is compiling what is arguably the worst environmental record of any president in recent history ?
The easy explanations - that environmental issues are complex , that war and terrorism push most other concerns off the front pages - are only part of the story .
The real reason may be far simpler :
Few people know the magnitude of the administration ’s attacks on the environment because the administration has been working very hard to keep it that way .
Like any successful commander in chief , Bush knows that putting the right person in the right place is the key to winning any war .
This is n’t just a matter of choosing business - friendly appointees for top positions .
That ’s pretty much standard operating procedure for Republican administrations .
What makes this administration different is the fact that it is filled with anti-regulatory zealots deep into its rank and file - and these bureaucrats , unlike James Watt , are politically savvy and come from the very industries they ’re charged with regulating .
The result is an administration uniquely effective at implementing its ambitious pro-industry agenda - with a minimum of public notice .
Take the case of mountaintop - removal coal mining .
As the name implies , this method - the predominant form of strip mining in much of Appalachia - involves blasting away entire mountaintops to get at coal seams below and dumping the resulting rubble , called “ spoil , ” into adjacent valleys .
In some cases , valleys two miles long have been completely filled with spoil .
Opponents had hoped that a court - ordered Environmental Impact Statement ( EIS ) would crack down on the practice , which has buried at least 1,000 miles of Appalachian streams and destroyed tens of thousands of acres of woodland that the EPA describes as “ unique in the world ” for their biological diversity .
But when the Bush administration released the EIS this spring , it not only gave mountaintop removal a clean bill of health ; it also relaxed what few meaningful environmental protections existed and focused on how to help mining companies obtain permits more easily .
So how did a process mandated by a federal judge “ to minimize , to the maximum extent practicable , the adverse environmental effects ” from mountaintop removal become a vehicle for industry ?
Two words : Steven Griles .
Never heard of him ?
You ’re not supposed to .
Steven Griles is one of industry ’s moles within the Bush administration .
Before coming to work as deputy secretary of the Interior , Griles was one of the most powerful lobbyists in Washington , with a long list of energy - industry clients , including the National Mining Association and several of the country ’s largest coal companies .
On August 1 , 2001 , Griles signed a “ statement of disqualification , ” promising to stay clear of issues involving his former clients .
Despite that promise , according to his own appointment calendar ( obtained by environmental groups through the Freedom of Information Act ) , Griles met repeatedly with coal companies while the administration worked on the mountaintop - removal issue .
Griles has denied discussing the “ fill rule ” in any of those meetings .
But on August 4 , 2001 - three days after signing his recusal letter - he gave a speech before the West Virginia Coal Association , reassuring members that “ we will fix the federal rules very soon on water and spoil placement . ”
Two months later , Griles sent a letter to the EPA and other agencies drafting the EIS , complaining that they were not doing enough to safeguard the future of mountaintop removal and instructing them to “ focus on centralizing and streamlining coal mine permitting . ”
Griles is now the subject of an Interior Department investigation for possible ethics violations .
With key positions in the hands of industry veterans , the administration has been able to pursue one of its most effective stealth tactics — steering clear of legislative battles and working instead within the difficult - to - understand , yawn - producing realm of agency regulations .
It ’s a strategy that has served Bush well , especially in his push to give the energy industry - which donated $ 2.8 million to the 2000 Bush campaign - access to some of the nation ’s last wildlands .
In Congress , where the administration ’s agenda must endure full public scrutiny , Bush ’s effort to allow drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge has failed repeatedly .
But there was little public debate over a plan to drill 66,000 coalbed methane gas wells in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming and Montana - a massive project that will result in 26,000 miles of new roads , 48,000 miles of new pipelines , and discharges of 2 trillion gallons of contaminated water , disfiguring for years the rolling hills of that landscape .
That plan was hatched behind closed doors , by the secretive energy task force headed by Vice President Dick Cheney .
The Cheney task force is behind another of the administration ’s pet projects - protecting utilities from having to comply with a law enacted 26 years ago .
Some 30,000 Americans die each year because the federal government is unwilling to take meaningful steps to enforce the Clean Air Act ’s standards for coal - fired power plants .
Nearly 6,000 of those deaths are attributable to plants owned by a mere eight companies , according to a study by ABT Associates , which frequently conducts assessments for the EPA .
( The companies are American Electric Power , Cinergy , Duke , Dynegy , FirstEnergy , SIGECO , Southern Company , and the Tennessee Valley Authority . )
When Congress passed the current air - pollution standards in 1977 , it grandfathered in these aging plants and some 16,000 other industrial facilities around the country .
Under a provision known as New Source Review , the plants could perform routine maintenance without having to install cleaner technologies , but any substantive changes or expansions leading to increased emissions would force the operators to meet the new standards .
The grace period was expected to last just a few years - a reasonable compromise , it must have seemed to Congress at the time .
Yet , for nearly three decades these facilities have gotten around the New Source Review rules by continually expanding and calling it “ routine maintenance . ”
In 1999 , the EPA ’s then - director of enforcement , Eric Schaeffer , tried something radically new :
He actually enforced the law .
The agency filed suit against eight power companies that together emitted one - fifth of the nation ’s total output of sulfur dioxide - a deadly compound that is also the leading cause of acid rain .
Soon , violators started lining up to negotiate settlements .
By the end of 2000 , two of the largest power companies had agreed to cut emissions by two - thirds .
And then George W. Bush took office .
The new administration immediately leaked its intentions to expand , rather than close , the New Source Review loophole ( see “ No Clear Skies “ ) .
By March 2002 , EPA administrator Christine Whitman was telling Congress that if she were an attorney for one of the companies sued by the agency , “ I would not settle anything . ”
Not surprisingly , the two tentative agreements the EPA had worked out evaporated .
Meanwhile , in a classic bit of greenwashing , the White House has released a plan called “ Clear Skies ” that will , in President Bush ’s words , “ dramatically reduce pollution from power plants . ”
In fact , Clear Skies would gut the standards of the Clean Air Act , allowing companies to wait 15 more years to install state - of - the - art pollution - control equipment - and even then , power plants would be emitting far more pollution than allowed under current law , for a total of 450,000 tons of additional nitrogen oxide , 1 million tons of sulfur dioxide , and 9.5 tons of mercury annually .
The administration also wants to sink millions into reviving the dying nuclear industry , increasing by 50 percent the number of nuclear plants currently operating in the United States .
That ’s no small feat , given that not a single new plant has been ordered for two and a half decades - not since the nation held its breath in 1979 , waiting to find out if a nuclear doomsday scenario was unfolding at Three Mile Island .
Industry officials insist that with today ’s improved technology such a calamity is unthinkable .
But that has n’t stopped the administration from endorsing a $ 9 billion cap on industry liability , just in case the unthinkable should occur .
Other gifts to nuclear - plant operators include more than $ 1 billion in new subsidies and tax breaks , support for relicensing dangerously outdated reactors , and at least $ 18 billion in taxpayer money for construction of a high - level nuclear waste dump at Yucca Mountain , Nevada .
JUST BEFORE SHE STEPPED DOWN last summer , EPA head Whitman issued a “ state of the environment ” report that fairly rhapsodized about the significance of environmental protection : “ Pristine waterways [ and ] safe drinking waters are treasured resources , ” one passage declared .
“ The nation has made significant progress in protecting these resources in the last 30 years . ”
What Whitman did not mention was that the administration has spent two years attempting to eviscerate the law that brought about most of that progress - the Clean Water Act of 1972 .
In January 2003 , the administration proposed new rules for managing the nation ’s wetlands , removing 20 percent of the country ’s remaining swamps , ponds , and marshes from federal protection .
And wetlands are only the beginning : A close reading of the proposed rules shows that the administration is attempting to change the definition of “ waters of the United States ” to exclude up to 60 percent of the country ’s rivers , lakes , and streams from protection , giving industries permission to pollute , alter , fill , and build on all of these waterways ( see “ Down Upon the Suwannee “ ) .
“ No president since the Clean Water Act was passed has proposed getting rid of it on the majority of waters of the U.S. , ” notes Joan Mulhern of Earthjustice - and Bush might not have tried either , had he been forced to justify the move in congressional debate rather than burying it in bureaucratic rule - making .
Even when it seems to bow to environmental concerns , the administration often manages to leave a back door open for industry .
This summer , after more than two years of foot - dragging and resistance in court , the Department of Agriculture finally accepted a Clinton - era rule placing more than 58 million acres of national forests off limits to road building ( and thus logging ) .
But it added two caveats : Governors could obtain exemptions for federal forests inside their borders ( as several have already done ) ; and the rule would n’t apply in much of Alaska , where the largest stretches of roadless wild forest are located .
In June , Undersecretary of Agriculture Mark Rey- a veteran timber lobbyist who is now the chief architect of the nation ’s forest policy - announced that nearly 3 million acres of land could be opened to timber sales in Alaska ’s Tongass National Forest , the planet ’s largest pristine temperate rainforest and home to several species of animals found nowhere else on earth .
The White House has also been darkly brilliant at using the courts to do its dirty work - through methods such as “ sweetheart suits , ” the practice of encouraging states and private groups to file lawsuits against the federal government , and then agreeing to negotiated settlements that bypass environmental laws without any interference from Congress or the public .
In perhaps the most egregious such case , in April the state of Utah and the Interior Department announced that they had reached a settlement involving 10 million acres of federal lands set aside in the 1990s for possible wilderness designation .
The deal will allow Utah to sell oil and gas rights on what had largely been pristine areas , including the Grand Staircase - Escalante National Monument with its multihued cliffs and Cedar Mesa , a fragile desert area near Monument Valley that holds world - renowned archaeological sites - and that is now slated to host a jeep safari .
Two days after the first settlement with Utah - in another closed - door deal - Interior Secretary Gale Norton signed a second , more sweeping compact promising that the federal government would never again so much as study lands for wilderness designation .
And not just in Utah :
The decision , which effectively freezes a wilderness - protection program that goes back nearly 40 years , applies to more than 200 million acres of Western lands , an area twice as large as California .
But it ’s not just the West ’s spectacular scenery that ’s threatened , or even the purity of our air and water - as important as those are .
By using stealth tactics to pursue a corporate agenda , the Bush administration is undermining the very landscape of democracy , which depends on an informed citizenry , transparency in government , and lively public debate .
A culture of deception and deceit erodes all of these - and that is probably the most serious “ environmental ” damage of all .
* Correction , April 4 , 2007 :
The original opening paragraph of this story erroneously continued , “ And then there was Reagan ’s secretary of the Interior , James Watt , who saw no need to protect the environment because Jesus was returning any day . ”
But Watt ’s statements about his religious beliefs were taken out of context .
On Feb .
5 , 1981 , Watt told a congressional oversight committee he believed his job was “ to be steward for the natural resources for this generation as well as future generations .
I do not know how many future generations we can count on before the Lord returns , whatever it is we have to manage with a skill to have the resources needed for future generations . ”
The FeelGood Money ® company
When we started in 2005 our ambition was to create better solutions for everybody ’s money needs .
Since then we ’ve helped hundreds of thousands of customers take the stress out of money by building our business on honesty , transparency and trust .
We give our customers a fair deal as standard and our products are built so that we win when you win .
Managing your money is no sweat .
With handy tools to get stuff done and helpful people always at the end of a phone .
We listen to what you want and change with your needs .
