ANALYSIS / OPINION :
The gun grabbers are at it again in Maryland .
Next month , the state ’s House Judiciary Committee will initiate hearings on legislation forcing firearms enthusiasts to register with the state government before they can exercise their Second Amendment rights .
The plan , drafted by Delegate Samuel I. Rosenberg , Baltimore Democrat , and Sen. Brian E. Frosh , Montgomery County Democrat , would mandate that citizens carry a special license while conducting any number of routine transactions involving a gun .
To obtain a gun license , a person must fill out a long application form , attend a comprehensive firearms safety course , pay a nonrefundable fee to the state and wait 30 days for the completion of a criminal background check .
If all items are processed properly , the Maryland State Police would drop the license in the mail .
It would become a crime to go to a gun range and rent a firearm for a little target shooting without this license in hand .
Out - of - state visitors who might want to keep up their skills while on vacation would be out of luck under the proposal because they would not even be allowed to apply for a state gun license .
The bill would make it a crime on par with murder , kidnapping , rape and extortion for a private party to sell his own gun to someone who has no license .
It also would give police the authority to seize the e-mail , cell phone and other records of anyone merely suspected of selling or renting a gun in Maryland without a license .
This is an extreme reaction to conduct that is perfectly legal in most states and should be a constitutional right anywhere in the Land of the Free .
It ’s obvious that Mr. Rosenberg and Mr. Frosh are not really interested in stopping criminals from obtaining weapons .
Instead , this misguided proposal plainly is designed to harass legitimate gun owners with bureaucracy and paperwork until they simply give up on the idea of exercising their legal rights .
Readers should let the measure ’s proponents know what they think .
Mr. Frosh is available at 301 / 858-3102 , brian.frosh@senate.state.md.us , and Mr. Rosenberg can be reached at 301/858-3179 , samuel.rosenberg@ house.state.md.us .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Do you want to plan a vacation with your family ?
Are you looking for the …
Amanda Seyfried , Erin Cressida Wilson , and Atom Egoyan on “ Chloe ”
Movies involve looking at people .
Sometimes those people are doing some pretty intimate things , too .
No wonder then that voyeurism remains about the single most pervasive and discussed theme in the movies and , no matter how often the particularly cinematic obsession of voyeurism has been recycled , there ’s always room for a new angle .
In the case of “ Chloe , ” which is hitting about three hundred theaters nationwide today , voyeurism in the form of morbid curiosity threatens not only the desiccated relationship of an affluent middle - aged couple played by Julianne Moore and Liam Neeson , but also the woman ’s familial ties with her son ( Max Theiriot ) and possibly her entire life .
The vehicle for all of this is a young woman Dr. Catherine Stewart bumps into who turns out to be a high - end sex worker named Chloe ( Amanda Seyfried ) .
The sex work in question here is that Dr. Stewart has some pretty good reasons to worry that her professor husband may be cheating , and so she asks Chloe to test her husband ’s fidelity in the most direct way possible .
As for the results , all you really need to know right now is that this is an erotic thriller , that it ’s directed by the elliptical art - house master Atom Egoyan at his most Hitchcockian , and adapted with some definite cunning by writer Erin Cressida Wilson from a relatively banal French import ( 2003 ’s “ Nathalie ” ) .
Interestingly , “ Chloe ” is also produced by Ivan Reitman .
Reitman is , of course , the famed director and producer far better known for broad comedies like “ Meatballs ” and “ Ghostbusters ” than for stylish melodramas .
These days , he ’s perhaps even better known as the father of “ Up in the Air ” co-writer and director Jason Reitman .
Sadly , “ Chloe ” will likely also be remembered as the movie that was interrupted when leading man Liam Neeson got the horrific news that his wife , Natasha Richardson , had died as the result of what appeared to be a minor skiing accident .
Even a year later , it ’s obviously a sensitive topic that was not broached at the first of two press days I attended at the L.A. Four Seasons to promote the film with Amanda Seyfried , a burgeoning film star after the success of such films as “ Dear John ” and “ Momma Mia ! , ” and Erin Cressida Wilson , who is probably best known for her screenplay for the kinky romantic comedy - drama , “ Secretary ” starring Maggie Gyllenhaal and James Spader .
Things got off to what I suppose is an appropriate start given the kind of movie “ Chloe ” is .
Asked about a word tattooed on her ankle , Seyfried volunteered it was crude British slang word for “ vagina ” — it ’s apparently a kind of joking term of endearment used by her and friends .
And then there was the European journalist who was clearly tasked with getting material as gossip - rich as he could manage .
As the inevitably top - of - mind topic of the film ’s somewhat explicit nude sex scenes came up , as well as the inherent difficulty of doing those scenes , his felt the need to ask which of the cast members was the best kisser .
Seyfried , somewhat outspoken and girlish , but also clearly a pro at 24 years of age , sidestepped the icky question .
Fortunately , someone came up a query that was more germane if no less sensational :
Did she meet with any real - life prostitutes to research the role ?
“ No .
Atom actually met with some working ladies in New York and I believe in Toronto as well …
It was interesting what he had to say and how he approached it .
He was very open about the information that he needed and they were very willing to share .
And that ’s the same with Chloe ; she ’s very willing to share that part of her life because she feels like it and in a way it ’s being justified by [ the fact that ] someone ’s asking you about your job . ”
Finally , screenwriter Erin Cressida Wilson was allowed to jump into discussion .
She had some thoughts on the film as a whole , and Julianne Moore ’s central character in particular , that definitely sounded like they came from the screenwriter of “ Secretary ” as well as some high profile literary erotica .
“ This is a film , so it ’s a fantasy , an exaggeration of reality in many ways and a fable .
It ’s taking maybe an instinct that we might have and playing it out .
I think that [ Catherine ] is in such a place where her desire has been so squelched and so eradicated , not only by herself and her aging and society but by the calcification of her marriage .
Bringing in this fantasy , this beauty , this fountain of youth [ i.e. , Chloe ] energizes their relationship through jealousy but also through eroticism and finally looking at each other and [ saying ] ‘ I love you .
You ’re the one I love . ' ”
Lest things got too intelligent , the European journo followed that by immediately asking about Seyfried ’s recent Oscar appearance presenting Best Song alongside Miley Cyrus and noting that the actress was named “ Best Dressed ” by Entertainment Tonight .
“ Do you dream about ever getting that Oscar ? ” he asked .
Seyfried gave the question about the respect it deserved .
“ Uhm .
It does n’t seem that great , ” she said as several of us laughed .
She did , however , admit to enjoying escorting winning singer - songwriter Ryan Bingham afterwards through the backstage , post - award gauntlet .
“ He ’s adorable ! ” Wilson chimed in .
“ He ’s , uh , married , ” Seyfried responded to more laughter and some more brief discussion between Wilson and Seyfried of Bingham ’s highly attractive , though unavailable , qualities .
But back , eventually , to the rigors of actually playing Chloe .
“ I knew this was something I could easily fuck up if I did n’t prepare .
I have n’t had to prepare as much for anything else because everything ’s kind of based on me . ”
How did she prepare , exactly ?
“ Just hours and hours and hours and hours of discussing [ with director Egoyan ] the character ’s motivation — scene by scene , the evolution of the relationship of Chloe ’s thoughts and perceptions of everything that ’s going on . ”
Then Seyfried asked Wilson if she had similar discussions with Egoyan .
The answer was no .
“ I did n’t have to say anything to him .
We got each other immediately .
We met a long time ago during ‘ Secretary ’ when it opened .
I gave him a book of erotica that I wrote and we started to talk about how we could do something …
Coincidentally , years later , Ivan Reitman said ‘ How about Atom Egoyan to direct this ? ’ and I ’m like ‘ yeah ! ’
Because , in a weird way this script is a book of erotica .
It ’s about erotic storytelling and how it can grab you and change you and heal you and ruin you . ”
That led to a question from yours truly about “ Nathalie , ” which at that point I had n’t seen and had barely heard about prior to seeing “ Chloe . ”
Just how similar were the two ?
Was the original script a simple jumping off place or was the two films telling essentially the same story .
( Having seen it now , I can tell you that the though both films start out largely the same in terms of storytelling , “ Chloe ” ends up in a very different place indeed and is , I think , the far more interesting and entertaining film . )
“ It ’s such a hard question for me to answer for some reason for me because it ’s ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no .
’… The set - up is exactly the same , really … .
The other day I was watching our ‘ Chloe ’ and I was watching Julie talking to Amanda as Amanda ’s telling her about having sex with her husband …
I remembered that when I was 36 my boyfriend slept with a 21 year - old .
We were actually just broken up , but even then , it ’s not right , ” Wilson said with a smile .
“ It killed me …I felt terrible , I felt ugly , I felt old and then I felt jealous .
And then I felt a little aroused … I wrote a piece in The Erotica Project about how the situation was really complex , it was n’t cut and dried .
It ’s not a good thing …
It was a turning point and I had to find myself again and [ say ]
‘ Well , now I ’m not 21 and I am okay .
I am desirable and I do desire . ’
I had to reincarnate myself . ”
After more gossipy questions directed toward Seyfried , I was able to ask her if she thought Chloe ’s situation was in some way analogous to a performer who gets overly involved in a role .
“ I do n’t know …Her job is to act and be sexual and act just completely aroused by every man she works with .
I feel that all just comes away when she meets Catherine .
She ’s still acting but it kind of breaks down slowly . ”
This leads to another personal question from one of the other writers regarding possible shared traits between traits between Chloe and Seyfried .
“ Yeah .
There ’s a rawness to her ; there ’s a neediness to her , ” Seyfried answered .
Erin Cressida Wilson chimed in with more .
“ There ’s a Puck quality to Chloe … at least I think so , to Chloe and certainly to Amanda .
There ’s a trickster . ”
****
A week later it was time for another gang - interview , this time with filmmaker Atom Egoyan , best known for his highly acclaimed films as a writer - director , 1997 ’s “ The Sweet Hereafter ” and , more to the point regarding “ Chloe , ” 1994 ’s “ Exotica , ” a typically languorous , emotional , and elliptical film written and directed by Egoyan .
It centers on a Toronto strip club and a number of characters associated with it in various ways .
( It ’s also the subject of one of Roger Ebert ’s “ Great Movies ” essays . )
This time , however , your writer made an unforgivably wrong traffic calculation and arrived late to the event .
Still , with typical Canadian politeness , I was allowed to enter late and even given a brief moment or two to ask questions of Egoyan afterwards .
Missing the delicious pre-interview snacks , it appears , was punishment enough .
When I arrived , it was clear this was a very different gathering from last week ’s group .
For one thing , no one was asking Egoyan who the best kisser on the “ Chloe ” set was .
Also , as you might expect , the cerebral director was in the middle of an in - depth discussion about the characters in his latest .
He had some interesting thoughts about his protagonist .
“ Catherine is a particular type of woman .
She is very controlling .
We see that in terms of her relationship with her son and certainly we see that in terms of even her relationship with her patients .
[ There ’s ] the woman who ca n’t climax and [ she says ]
‘ Orgasm is a series of muscular contractions ; nothing mysterious about it .
Here ’s a pamphlet . ’
Because it ’s Julianne Moore and she does it so pleasantly , you think it ’s actually very nice but it ’s actually kind of demonic really .
Only Julianne can pull of that kind of role where you feel it ’s all normal , but it ’s not , really . ”
And then came the question , finally , about just what it was like dealing with the fall - out of Natasha Richardson ’s death .
“ There is n’t much to tell .
It was just a terrible tragedy .
It happened .
[ Liam Neeson ] had some days left to shoot and he came back eventually and finished .
It was really a heroic sort of thing that he did .
We were all so devastated by this . ”
Moving on quickly , someone asked about the decision to cast Amanda Seyfried , a relative unknown at the time .
“ She came into the room and she was it .
She had this incredible energy .
There was something unpredictable and very touching about her .
She was just playing with the role in a very interesting way .
I think a lot of people had a preconception of what Chloe ’s sexual persona was about .
It was great to see that challenged by something so specific to who Amanda is … There ’s something very unprotected about her [ as Chloe ] which is not characteristic about what you would think a woman in that job would be about . ”
Egoyan went on praising Seyfried for staying true to her commitment to the film even after her star began rising after the release of “ Momma Mia . ”
He noted that she has said that “ Chloe ” is probably the last film where she will ever be cast as an actress instead of as a star .
Then came a question about the involvement of how Egoyan wound up in a film produced by Ivan Reitman who , apart from being a fellow Canadian , seems like an unusual collaborator for the rather serious - minded director .
Egoyan , however , sees a deeper connection .
“ On the one hand it seems unlikely .
But , looking at Ivan ’s filmography , the film where the worlds kind of come together a little bit is a film called ‘ Dave . ' ”
The hit politically themed comedy from 1993 starred Kevin Kline as a presidential lookalike who winds up substituting for an actual U.S. President .
“ ‘ Dave ’ is also about a marriage , it ’s also about a surrogate .
Sigourney Weaver [ playing the first lady ] loses her husband and then there ’s this surrogate and she falls back in love with him , though it ’s not him .
Actually , it ’s a similar parallel to ‘ Chloe ’ in a way .
It ’s also an interesting film to look at in terms of examining the relationship between Jason [ Reitman ] ’s work and Ivan ’s work .
I think it ’s kind of the meeting point of their two sensibilities . ”
Then came an interesting question that , since this is an unusual film in Egoyan ’s career in that it ’s not written by him and did n’t originate with him , about how he went about trying to “ make it his own . ” “
“ I consciously tried to avoid ‘ making it mine . ’
I just wanted to do the best job I could directing it , given what Erin ’s intentions were , given what Ivan ’s ambitions were , and also finding the best cast and being able to concentrate on performance .
And knowing , I suppose , that working with the same team , it could n’t help but have a similar feel [ to earlier films ] .
I actually think it ’s not like one of my own screenplays . ”
At this point , and as he joyfully listened to some speculations about what is “ really ” happening in “ Chloe , ” it became clear that Egoyan is another director who is also very much a film fan and who is not afraid to engage in a bit geekery .
Ironically , he said that hearing viewers discuss the film that way made him want to do a DVD less , since he did n’t want to quash viewers ’ thoughts by putting too specific interpretation on them .
He also mentioned that , as he ’s contemplated previously , he is working on his first comedy , though Ivan Reitman might not get the chance to become involved in this one .
“ I am writing something now .
I do n’t know if I ’ll ever make it but it ’s been really fun writing it , I must say . ”
Then comes a question about what keeps him excited about making films after decades as a noted independent creator and working director .
“ It ’s like this — talking about [ films and their meaning ] .
It can be read at so many different levels .
It ’s a great form … .
It ’s getting tougher to make drama , that ’s for sure in feature films , but I consider it a privilege and it ’s wonderful to have this conversation . ”
And with that he wrapped it up , but then it was time for my bonus questions .
I noted that , watching “ Chloe , ” I kept finding myself thinking about Alfred Hitchcock ’s “ Vertigo . ”
“ That was one of the reasons I did n’t want to shoot it in San Francisco . ”
So , the Alfred Hitchcock classic was on Egoyan ’s mind while shooting the film ?
“ It ’s always on my mind .
It ’s my favorite film .
There are a number of things which are not conscious references but are pretty [ obvious ] right down to the coiled hair [ that Chloe wears ] . ”
And , finally , I threw at him my earlier question to Amanda Seyfreid .
Even if she does n’t see it that way , does Egoyan look at Chloe as a performer whose fallen too deeply into a role .
“ Yes .
In a lot of the movies [ I ’ve made ] there are people who get too involved .
Professionally , they go outside the parameters of what the job they ’re supposed to do , from insurance adjustors [ 1991 ’s “ The Adjustor ” ] to custom officers [ in “ Exotica ” ]
…
It ’s about trying to figure out what someone else wants you to do and be and react accordingly . ”
The first political ads bought by a corporation in Texas appeared in East Texas newspapers just weeks after the U.S. Supreme Court effectively ended the state 's ban on that kind of spending .
The ads appear to mark the first instance of a corporation directly playing in a Texas election since the nation 's highest court lifted a century - old ban on political spending by corporations and labor unions .
That January ruling — in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission — does n't affect contributions to candidates , which remain restricted .
But it does mean corporations and unions can spend money as they wish on politics and run all the ads they want , so long as they do n't coordinate their efforts , messages and plans with the campaigns they 're promoting or with other third - party groups that have similar political interests .
The ads in the Jacksonville Daily Progress , the Tyler Morning Telegram and the Panola Watchman took issue with the Republican bona fides of state Rep. Chuck Hopson of Jacksonville , a Democratic incumbent who jumped to the GOP in November and ran in a three - way race in the Republican primary this month .
He got 61 percent of the vote , easily besting Michael Banks and Allan Cain .
The newspaper ads ran in Jacksonville and Tyler on the Sunday before the election and a week earlier in Panola , and they urged voters to choose anyone but Hopson .
They were paid for by KDR Development Inc. , a real estate company whose president , Republican Larry Durrett , lost to Hopson in 2006 , when Hopson was still a Democrat .
Durrett is also the president of Southern Multifoods , a Jacksonville - based company with dozens of franchised Taco Bell , KFC , Pizza Hut , A&W and Long John Silvers restaurants .
The two companies are closely related , sharing addresses , officers and directors .
" I think we 're on solid legal ground , " Durrett said in an interview .
" We checked it out every way from Sunday . "
At least one paper — the Longview News - Journal — had reservations .
" The disclaimer was n't complete , and then we saw that it was a corporate ad , " said Alan Todd , the paper 's advertising director .
" When we questioned it , [ the buyer ] pulled the ad . "
Durrett wanted to run ads against Hopson and had been reading and hearing about the Supreme Court ruling on corporate politicking .
He checked with a lawyer in Tyler , who sent him to a specialist in Austin , did " a significant amount of discussion about this , " and then went to the papers with the ads .
" My businesses do better under conservative people and not under people who are n't , " he said .
" There are an awful lot of folks on the Republican side of the House who are n't all that conservative , and that 's an irritant . "
He felt the other two candidates were more conservative than Hopson .
He used corporate money for a simple reason .
" You take the money out of the pocket that 's got some money in there , " he said .
Durrett does n't consider Hopson 's win a complete loss for his side : " If you continue to point out that people are n't as conservative as you are , it moves them to the right . "
The ad has a quote on one side , and the copy on the other is standard fare for a House race , written in the form of a letter .
The quote , from the Austin American - Statesman : " House Democratic Caucus leader Jim Dunnam said Hopson informed him of the move Friday morning .
' He told me he did n't have any intention of changing his voting patterns , but he just thought it was an easier way of getting elected , ' Dunnam said . "
The letter :
Dear East Texas Republicans , For several years Chuck Hopson has represented East Texas House District 11 as a Democrat .
As he ran for office as a Democrat throughout these election cycles , he continued to support the Democratic platform and agenda .
He even traveled to Ardmore , OK to fight a redistricting plan and promote the Democratic agenda in East Texas .
Chuck Hopson is now running in the Republican primary and will be facing Allan Cain and Dr. Michael Banks .
There are records that show that 90 % of Hopson 's contributions have come from outside the District from special interest groups and Democrats and not the voters of HD 11 .
We need to vote for someone INSIDE our district that is a true conservative Republican .
In this election , vote for your choice , but please vote for one of the two true conservative Republicans , in this crucial redistricting year .
Sincerely , KDR Development Inc
Before the Supreme Court ruling , that would have been an illegal ad in Texas , purely based on the corporate funding .
So long as KDR did n't work with the campaigns or with anyone else on the copy , it now appears to be the sort of direct corporate expenditure the Supremes are protecting .
" It raised some issues with us , and I asked some people in the organization to look at it , " said Amy Miller , publisher of the Daily Progress .
In the end , the paper decided to accept the ad : " It 's a pre-paid political ad , and I did n't see anything wrong with it . "
The ad does bear some similarities to printed mailers sent by others .
Cain , for instance , used that same quote from Dunnam in a mailer that also carried the " Hopson is not conservative " theme .
Former state Sen. Drew Nixon , R - Carthage , paid for ads in the race , too , using that Dunnam quote again and a chart very similar to that used in Cain 's flyer .
Signed by three of the four GOP county chairs in the district , it was more direct in its hit on the party - switcher : " Make no mistake , Chuck Hopson is a Democrat . "
But as long as the corporation was n't in league with anyone else , they appear to be the first example of what might be possible under the court 's ruling .
The Texas Ethics Commission , which regulates these things , is still working on a full opinion of this new world of campaign finance .
The agency posted its first impression online right after the court issued its ruling :
" ... We believe the Texas Legislature intended laws under our jurisdiction to prohibit political expenditures by corporations to the full extent allowed by the Constitution , as interpreted by the United States Supreme Court .
In light of the recently issued United States Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , it is our position that corporations are allowed to make all types of direct campaign expenditures ...
It is also our position that corporations are still prohibited from making political contributions unless specifically allowed ... "
TEC now has a draft opinion in circulation — not yet voted out by its board — that goes further : " For the reasons stated in Citizens United , we can not ... prohibit a corporation or labor organization from making a direct campaign expenditure or ... prohibit an individual or other association from making a direct campaign expenditure . "
They can still block corporations and labor organizations from making contributions to candidates , but they can't do anything if those outfits want to spend money for or against the candidates without the candidates ' knowledge .
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories , or may be the subject of them .
For a complete list of contributors , click here .
The Electronic Text Corpus of Sumerian Literature
Catalogues : by date | by number | in full | Website info : navigation help | site description | display conventions | recent changes
Project info : consolidated bibliography | about the project | credits and copyright | links
This composition : composite text | bibliography
A hymn to Ninkasi : translation
1 - 4 Given birth by the flowing water ...... , tenderly cared for by Ninhursaja !
Ninkasi , given birth by the flowing water ...... , tenderly cared for by Ninhursaja !
5 - 8 Having founded your town upon wax , she completed its great walls for you .
Ninkasi , having founded your town upon wax , she completed its great walls for you .
9 -12 Your father is Enki , the lord Nudimmud , and your mother is Ninti , the queen of the abzu .
Ninkasi , your father is Enki , the lord Nudimmud , and your mother is Ninti , the queen of the abzu .
13 -16 It is you who handle the ...... and dough with a big shovel , mixing , in a pit , the beerbread with sweet aromatics .
Ninkasi , it is you who handle the ...... and dough with a big shovel , mixing , in a pit , the beerbread with sweet aromatics .
17 -20 It is you who bake the beerbread in the big oven , and put in order the piles of hulled grain .
Ninkasi , it is you who bake the beerbread in the big oven , and put in order the piles of hulled grain .
21 -24 It is you who water the earth - covered malt ; the noble dogs guard it even from the potentates ( ? ) .
Ninkasi , it is you who water the earth - covered malt ; the noble dogs guard it even from the potentates ( ? ) .
25 -28 It is you who soak the malt in a jar ; the waves rise , the waves fall .
Ninkasi , it is you who soak the malt in a jar ; the waves rise , the waves fall .
29 -32 It is you who spread the cooked mash on large reed mats ; coolness overcomes .......
Ninkasi , it is you who spread the cooked mash on large reed mats ; coolness overcomes .......
33 -36 It is you who hold with both hands the great sweetwort , brewing it with honey and wine .
Ninkasi , it is you who hold with both hands the great sweetwort , brewing it with honey and wine .
37-401 line damaged
You ...... the sweetwort to the vessel .
Ninkasi , .......
You ...... the sweetwort to the vessel .
41 - 44 You place the fermenting vat , which makes a pleasant sound , appropriately on top of a large collector vat .
Ninkasi , you place the fermenting vat , which makes a pleasant sound , appropriately on top of a large collector vat .
45 -48 It is you who pour out the filtered beer of the collector vat ; it is like the onrush of the Tigris and the Euphrates .
Ninkasi , it is you who pour out the filtered beer of the collector vat ; it is like the onrush of the Tigris and the Euphrates .
Top | composite text | bibliography
Revision history
Eli Lake
Remember the Steele Dossier ?
It was n’t nearly as reliable as the bureau thought .
By Andrew McFarlane and Alexis Akwagyiram
BBC News
Twenty years ago a protest against what had been dubbed the poll tax erupted in violence and led to rioting that could be heard in nearby Downing Street .
Some of those who were there remember the day 's events .
The rioting in central London on 31 March , 1990 , was not the first demonstration against the so - called poll tax to end in violence .
In the weeks beforehand a number of protests around the country had culminated in violent skirmishes .
POLL TAX RIOTS IN PICTURES
Eleven key images from the day
But the riot that turned London 's Trafalgar Square , a top tourism spot , into a battleground between police and protesters came to be seen by many as the fatal blow for the government 's community charge .
A central policy of the Conservative Party 's winning 1987 general election manifesto , the charge , which replaced the old rates system , was levied on individuals rather than properties .
It was supposed to increase accountability .
But its introduction met with fierce resistance among some sections of the public .
In the London poll tax riots , up to 3,000 demonstrators turned on police , attacking them with bricks , bottles and scaffolding poles , and 340 were arrested .
Of 113 people injured , 45 were police .
By the end of the year , Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher had been forced to step down .
She was replaced by John Major who scrapped the charge in favour of the council tax that continues today .
INSP DICK TANNER , MOUNTED BRANCH Insp Tanner was in charge of the 20 - strong team of mounted officers whose charge across Trafalgar Square under a hail of missiles became one of the most replayed incidents of the riot .
The officer , now retired , recalls following a mass of demonstrators into the square : Richard Tanner said it was the longest day of his police career " There was an angry noise .
You could sense the tension .
A building was on fire and officers on the ground were trying to sort out scuffles , linking arms and looking frightened .
" It was not a good situation . "
The order came to clear the Northumberland Avenue side of the square to allow fire crews access to the burning building .
" We were n't cantering all - out , we were trying to push the crowd away , " says the 54 - year - old , now a web manager from Ashford , Kent .
However , one horse turned sideways and knocked over a demonstrator .
TV footage showed her being picked up by fellow protesters and reports suggested she was shocked but not badly harmed .
" We tried to trace her afterwards but never managed , " says Mr Tanner .
As the officers advanced , they were pelted with bricks .
One injured Mr Tanner 's hand , another tore a chunk from the flank of his horse , Keswick .
" I could n't shake hands for about six months , " he recalls , adding that other officers suffered psychologically afterwards .
For six hours after the crowds had dispersed from Trafalgar Square , mounted police " chased incidents " around central London .
" We were exhausted by the end .
None of us had ever seen or experienced anything like it , " he adds .
CHRIS BAMBERY , SOCIALIST WORKER PARTY ACTIVIST
For Chris Bambery , 54 , the riot was the product of a decade of " cumulative anger " that had built up against Margaret Thatcher 's Conservative government .
" There was an immense sense of ' them and us ' in the Thatcher years and we felt it was payback time , " he says .
COMMUNITY CHARGE ( POLL TAX )
Flat - rate tax per adult , replaced old rates system Proposed by Prime Minister Margaret
Thatcher who saw it as a more accountable tax Introduced in Scotland in 1988 - 9 , England and Wales a year later 38 million were to pay the poll tax against 14 million who paid rates Controversial and opposed by some ' Thatcherites ' like Nigel Lawson Admin costs shot up and there was widespread non-payment Tax was abandoned when John Major replaced Thatcher in 1990
In pictures : Poll tax riots " There was a deep sense of injustice about the poll tax at the end of a decade in which there had been a celebration of wealth . "
Mr Bambery says the government 's use of police against striking miners and during inner-city riots had angered many .
At the start of the march , in Kennington Park , there was a " buzz in the air " and a sense of elation .
But that turned to anger when police split the march at Trafalgar Square .
" Riot police turned up at the top of Whitehall and launched into the square .
The crowd charged and they ran , dropping their shields , " he says .
" For four or five hours there was constant fighting and a building site was set on fire . "
Police eventually forced rioters into the West End , where people turned their anger on gentlemen's clubs and car dealerships which to them symbolised the ruling elite .
" I have n't seen anything on that scale before or since , " says Mr Bambery .
LORD WADDINGTON , HOME SECRETARY 1989 - 90 David Waddington walked through the door of his constituency home in Lancashire on 31 March , 1990 , to be greeted by the phone ringing .
That moment , the telephone in the car rang and we learned that trouble had broken out in Strangeways Prison in Manchester
Lord Waddington
After being told of the violence in London , the home secretary headed straight back to survey the damage .
" We knew there was going to be a big demonstration but we certainly had no inkling the demonstrators were going to be infiltrated by people out to cause mayhem .
We were n't anticipating any great trouble , " he says .
" There were broken windows all over the place and a mess in the streets .
One of the most awful things was the use of scaffolding poles against police .
" The day afterwards , near Trafalgar Square , a little band of very unpleasant customers was still roaming around .
They made as if to attack the car and the police insisted I get back in and we hurried away .
" That moment , the telephone in the car rang and we learned that trouble had broken out in Strangeways Prison in Manchester .
I thought , ' well , I seem to have a lot of trouble on my hands ' . "
However , the sight of prisoners " capering around " on the roof , having taken control of the jail , stayed with him much longer than the poll tax trouble , the peer adds .
In a Commons debate after the riot , David Waddington criticised some Labour MPs who he felt had " lent encouragement " to some of the rioters by backing non-payment .
Now , he says the poll tax riots seem less significant after violence at last year 's G20 summit left a man dead .
LIZZIE WOODS , TEENAGE ACTIVIST
Trade union representative Lizzie Woods was 16 when she led a delegation of 20 school pupils from south - east England to the march .
" We felt that every part of our lives as working class kids was under attack , " she recalls .
" The government miscalculated because they thought poor people did n't have a voice .
Lizzie Woods then , left , and now " There were thousands of ordinary people on the march - families , pensioners , black and white people and mothers with pushchairs .
I 've never seen so many people who did n't deem themselves political on a march .
The mood was really upbeat and jubilant and the police were happily chatting to people . "
However , the mood changed to " complete chaos in the blink of an eye " .
" It was terrifying .
I saw people on scaffolding throwing bits of wood at people , " she says .
" Objects were being thrown around and there were police horses .
We got split up for about an hour and were very frightened . "
Like many others , she believes the march was infiltrated by those bent on violence .
" It descended into a riot but we won .
Poll tax did n't get through . "
ROY HANNEY , UNIVERSITY LECTURER Roy Hanney , who lived in south London , attended the march as a " family outing " with friends , his sister and three - year - old nephew .
" We were making our voices heard .
We felt the poll tax was unfair , " says Mr Hanney , 49 , who now lives in Portsmouth .
Mr Hanney successfully took his case to court After reaching Trafalgar Square , he parted company with his friends to head to Soho .
On returning to the square an hour later , expecting to hear speeches , he found " all hell had broken loose " .
" The police had started driving vans into the crowds .
I saw a cavalry charge come up from Whitehall past that building into the crowd and there was a woman who was trampled by these horses .
A whole load of people came running out to help her .
" Sights like that just served to further inflame the crowd and make them feel like they were under attack .
The police were charging around like lunatics .
" I climbed up onto scaffolding to get off the streets . "
After climbing down about an hour later , two police officers ran into a crowd , pushing Mr Hanney to the ground and manhandled him into a van .
He was arrested but a jury stopped his trial , convinced he was innocent .
He eventually received £ 30,000 in compensation .
CONSTABLES ANTHONY COOPER AND STEVE WOODING
Standing in shirt sleeves as the sun shone over Hammersmith Bridge , PC Anthony Cooper was " having a lovely time " controlling the genteel crowds watching the varsity boat race .
But instead of returning to their west London base , his 23 - strong team was diverted to Trafalgar Square where " all hell had broken loose " .
" I 'll never forget the extent of the damage , " says the 67 - year - old , now retired to Somerset .
Rioters took out their aggression on shops and businesses " We walked up Regent Street from Trafalgar Square and every bank or shop window was smashed , every car had a dustbin thrown through the back windscreen .
It was a terrible atmosphere .
People had just used the poll tax as an excuse to rampage and wreck things . "
PC Steve Wooding , from Essex , watched events unfold on screens at Scotland Yard 's Gold Control room , from where he directed officers to trouble spots .
" We had anticipated trouble and you had the usual ' rent - a - mob ' who had nothing to do with the demonstration but were there to cause trouble .
It all kicked off when some wanted to get into Downing Street . "
" Placards were being ripped up and lumps of wood were flying through the air .
We deployed horses to try to split the crowd .
We had inspectors asking for urgent assistance , saying their men were being stoned from both sides , " he says .
" It was frustrating because you could see how frightening it was but you felt like you could n't do anything about it .
Mr Wooding admits some police were too " heavy - handed " but believes officers did well to control their emotions in the face of such aggression .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
I remember walking through Trafalgar Square that Saturday evening after the demonstrators had gone .
I was 20 years of age and working in a hi- fi shop in South Kensington , and was trying to reach Charing Cross station for my journey home .
I 'd been watching the violence unfold on the TV screens in the store , so was n't surprised later when the Tube driver said we would n't be stopping at Embankment .
So I hopped off at Westminster and walked up Whitehall .
Off its side streets I saw the last remnants of coaches being boarded by those who had demonstrated peacefully , for their journey home to whichever part of the country they had come from .
Entering Trafalgar Square was a surreal sight , like walking through the set of a disaster movie .
There was loads of debris lying around , the smouldering remains of the Portakabins that had been set on fire and a burnt - out car .
There was a minimum police presence at this point , and the whole eerie experience gave me a small taste of what might happen if there was ever a mass breakdown of in law and order in London .
It stills sends a shiver up my spine to this day .
Elliot Willson , Sidcup , Kent I was living in Holborn to the east of Trafalgar Square at that time .
It was a Saturday and I was due to visit my parents which usually meant driving through Trafalgar Square en route .
The Strand had been cordoned off to traffic by police but I knew the side roads so found myself as the only car driving westwards down the Strand towards Trafalgar Square .
As I got nearer the square I could see smoke coming from it , so thought better and did a U - turn on The Strand .
While negotiating another route I got a good look at the " protestors " ( rioters ) - the usual suspects intent on having a riot who would have evaded most taxes anyway .
Charles Riley , Aylesbury , UK I stumbled on the protests by accident after spending a pleasant morning in Covent Garden with friends .
It seemed like a good idea to hang around and listen to some of the speeches .
It appears luck was on our side as we left via the strand just as the police horses charged the protest .
It is my recollection that this ignited the trouble as many indignant innocent people were ruthlessly baton charged in police tactics honed during the miners ' strikes .
Brutality breeds brutality and the police were misguided in their actions and at fault in too may ways to mention .
We escaped by diving into a door way and waiting for the horses to pass before scuttling off down the Strand .
There was no way out for those who were left .
It must have been like shooting fish in a barrel .
Dave , York , UK I remember the chaos of that Saturday afternoon , while working , the police had closed the underground , people were going crazy , they burnt the Renault car dealership include cars near Leicester square .
We managed to get to a Regent St branch of shop I worked in , someone threw a bin through the window , people were basically helping themselves .
Safraz Khan , Kent I was there to demonstrate peacefully .
The march had a friendly carnival atmosphere right up until we got to Trafalgar Square .
In Trafalgar square the police boxed everyone in , there was nowhere to go , and the police started getting heavy handed .
After years of mass unemployment and a divisive right wing government that seemed only to care about the rich , there was a lot of resentment .
People had had enough and fought back .
Saying it was " rent - a - mob " shows a lack of any understanding of the situation .
Mike , Leeds Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Explore the discomfort of disconnect in identity with James Kim ’s MOONFACE , a realistic , semi-autobiographical audio drama mini-series about a gay Korean - American man ’s struggle to come out to his mother using the language they can both understand .
Like what you hear ?
Us too .
You can support James Kim on his website .
About Radio Drama Revival :
Learn more about how to support Radio Drama Revival on our website
Support Elena Fernández Collins on Patreon
Support Wil Williams and Anne Baird on Patreon
Support Eli McIlveen and Sean Howard on Patreon
Find Fred Greenhalgh on his website
Find David Rheinstrom on Twitter
Find Rashika Rao on Twitter
You shall not find the elusive Heather Cohen
This episode of Radio Drama Revival was recorded on the unceded territories of the Akimel O’odham and Hohokam peoples .
If you are seeking ways in which to donate to Native communities , the Aniwa Gathering of Elders and the Boa Foundation are raising community relief funds for six reservations : Oglala Lakota , Hopi , Lenape - Ramapough , Apache , Diné ( Navajo ) and Tohono O’odham communities .
You can donate to their GoFundMe .
[ Read More … ] about MOONFACE – ‘ Moaning ’
( New York , March 12 , 2010 ) - The Uzbek government should immediately release a human rights defender convicted on fabricated religious extremism charges , Human Rights Watch said today .
On March 9 , 2010 , in an appeals hearing that lasted only about 20 minutes , the Kashkadarya Regional Criminal Court upheld a 9 - year prison sentence for Gaibullo Jalilov , a Karshi - based human rights defender and member of the Human Rights Society of Uzbekistan .
The court rejected the appeal despite the apparent absence of any credible evidence of criminal activity and Jalilov 's testimony during his trial that he was coerced into signing a false " confession . "
" We are very worried about Jalilov 's safety and well - being , " said Holly Cartner , Europe and Central Asia director at Human Rights Watch .
" Authorities should release Jalilov immediately , drop the charges against him , and investigate thoroughly his possible ill - treatment in detention . "
Jalilov , who already had a lung condition , was brought to the appeals hearing with a swollen eye , suggesting that he was recently ill - treated in custody .
His relatives told Human Rights
Watch that he looked very weak and that he could not stop coughing .
After the hearing , Jalilov told his relatives that several days earlier a man had entered his cell and punched and kicked him repeatedly .
Jalilov , a pious Muslim , has been a member of the Kashkadarya Branch of the Human Rights Society of Uzbekistan since 2003 .
His work has focused on the violation of the right to religious freedom , and in particular , on the persecution of independent Muslims in the Kashkadarya region of Uzbekistan .
At the time of his arrest in September 2009 , he reportedly had collected information on over 200 arrests of independent Muslims in the region .
Karshi authorities charged Jalilov and three other men , Faizullo Ochilov , Utkir Sodikov , and Yusuf Bobomuradov , with a series of fabricated religious extremism charges and tried them as members of a criminal group with an extremist and separatist agenda .
However , nothing incriminating was found during the search of Jalilov 's home and the prosecution was unable to substantiate the charges .
The Human Rights Society of Uzbekistan denies that Jalilov is involved in any extremist or anti-government activities and believes that he is being persecuted for his human rights work and religious expression .
" Jalilov 's case unfortunately follows a well - established pattern of wrongful imprisonment of human rights activists in Uzbekistan , " Cartner said .
" He is only the latest victim of the Uzbek government 's relentless persecution of independent civil society activists . "
The Uzbek government also has a well - documented track record of unlawful arrest or detention of those who meet privately for prayer or Islamic study , who belong to Islamic groups not registered with the government or who possess Islamic literature not generated by the government , singling them out for no reason other than the peaceful expression of their religious beliefs .
Human Rights
Watch has documented allegations of ill - treatment in a number of these cases .
Jalilov 's imprisonment brings to at least 14 the number of human rights defenders held by the Uzbek authorities on politically motivated charges .
They are , in addition to Jalilov : Solijon Abdurakhmanov , Habibulla Akpulatov , Azam Formonov , Nosim Isakov , Alisher Karamatov , Jamshid Karimov , Norboi Kholjigitov , Rasul Khudainasarov , Ganihon Mamatkhanov , Farkhat Mukhtarov , Yuldash Rasulov , Dilmurod Saidov , and Akzam Turgunov .
Background
In a closed hearing on January 18 , the Kashkadarya Regional Criminal Court sentenced Jalilov and his three co-defendants to prison terms ranging from 7 to 10 years on charges of anti-constitutional activity ( article 159 of the Uzbek criminal code ) , distribution of materials containing threat to public security ( article 244 - 1 ) , and membership in a banned religious organization ( article 244 - 2 ) .
The prosecution accused Jalilov of having said that the government of Uzbekistan has a flawed anti-Islam policy while at the Navo Mosque in Karshi , where he used to pray .
During the trial , Jalilov testified that he had been coerced into signing a confession during the investigation and asserted his innocence on all counts .
His three co-defendants reportedly also testified they had been ill - treated in custody .
Instead of investigating these allegations , authorities moved the trial , in advance of the sentencing hearing , from Karshi , where all prior hearings had been held , to Bukhara , about 150 kilometers away .
Jalilov 's lawyer and members of his family who had been attending the trial were not notified of the change in location and thus were unable to attend the hearing .
The court appears to have purposefully withheld scheduling information from Jalilov 's lawyer throughout the trial .
Jalilov 's lawyer was not notified that the first hearing was scheduled for November 24 , 2009 , for example , and consequently , did not attend .
Jalilov was detained on September 5 , 2009 , around 10 p.m. as he was returning home from the house of Nodir Akhatov , a fellow human rights defender .
Jalilov was forced into a vehicle by several men , two of whom were reportedly in police uniforms .
He was initially held incommunicado , and efforts by his family and fellow human rights defenders to find out where he was were unsuccessful .
On September 23 , nearly three weeks after his arrest , Jalilov 's father , who had inquired about his son's whereabouts , received a written statement from the Karshi City Department of Internal Affairs informing him of the criminal charges brought against his son .
Never seen an episode of Star Trek ?
Never read any Philip K. Dick ?
What 's the one hallowed piece of the science fiction firmament you 've never seen or heard or read ?
Do n't be embarrassed ; we 've all got one .
At least .
Advertisement
Life has a way of getting away from us .
Time is fleeting at worst , elastic at best — that thing you meant to watch stays in the plastic .
Or the book remains uncracked .
And you can't bring yourself to listen to that time the Mothership landed .
Advertisement
For me , I figured I 'd begin my official tour of duty at io9 with an admission .
Just so we start from a place of openness and honesty .
So here it goes : I have never read Slaughterhouse - Five .
Or any Kurt Vonnegut , for that matter .
I know I 'm missing something .
Or , to be exact , a whole lot of somethings .
Now , I realize that this vacuum in my geek knowledge base is worth , at the very least , a kick in the airlock , but I also realize that I 'm not alone .
( I 've also never seen Donnie Darko .
Or all of Rocky Horror .
Or Bride of Frankenstein .
Shhhhh . )
What 's sitting comfortably in your scifi blind spot ?
Heading into the 2010 - 11 NHL Season the Flames will have the second largest payroll in the NHL and that 's with out including are 7 NHL free agents .
The payroll is only behind the youthful and sometimes questionable Chicago Blackhawks -
None the less they are in a much better situation then we are , more after the jump .
Next season the Flames will have $ 53,379,167 devoted to the current roster without bringing back any of our current UFA 's or RFA 's who have NHL contracts .
I have compiled a list of players that will have paychecks heading into next season and compiled a list of our current players destined for the open market .
The Cap Space for next season that I 've used is the active 58.6 Million .
Offseason numbers .
Money into players right now : $ 53,379,167
Cap Space : $ 5,220,833
Needs : 1st Line Centre , Backup Goalie
Draft Picks : No 1st or 2nd Round Picks
Forwards ( Cap Hit )
Jarome Iginla ( 7,000,000 )
Daymond Langkow ( 4,500,000 )
Matt Stajan ( 3,500,000 )
Rene Bourque ( 3,333,333 )
Niklas Hagman ( 3,000,000 )
Ales Kotalik ( 3,000,000 )
David Moss ( 1,300,000 )
Mikael Backlund ( 1,270,833 )
Curtis Glencross ( 1,200,000 )
Nigel Dawes ( 850,000 )
Forwards = $ 28,954,166
Defensemen
Jay Bouwmeester ( 6,680,000 )
Robyn Regehr ( 4,020,000 )
Cory Sarich ( 3,600,000 )
Steve Staios ( 2,700,000 )
Mark Giordano ( 891,666 )
Adam Pardy ( 700,000 )
Defense = $ 18,591,666
Goaltenders
Miikka Kiprusoff ( 5,833,333 )
Goalies = $ 5,833,333
Total Salary = $ 53,379,167
UFA's/RFA's
Forwards
Chris Higgins ( 2,250,000 ) UFA
Jamal Mayers ( 1,333,333 ) UFA
Craig Conroy ( 1,050,000 ) UFA
Eric Nystrom ( 687,500 ) UFA
Brian McGrattan ( 547,000 ) UFA
Defenseman
Ian White ( 850,000 ) RFA
Goaltenders
Vesa Toskala ( 4,000,000 ) UFA
There are about four contracts that Flames would be better off without .
- Daymond Langkow still has $ 8,750,000 owed to him for the next two seasons .
Cap hit of 4.5 over those two years .
- Cory Sarich still has $ 7,000,000 owed to him for the next two seasons .
Cap hit of 3.6 over those two years .
- Ales Kotalik still has $ 6,000,000 owed to him for the next two seasons .
Cap hit of 3.0 over those two years .
- Steve Staios still has $ 2,220,000 owed to him for next season .
Cap hit of 2.7 over next year .
That totals $ 23,970,000 tied up into these three players .
Daymond Langkow ( 33 ) and Ales Kotalik ( 31 ) are probably the most attractive players out of these three and could be moved if the right team came along , Steve Staios will not be brought back after next season so 2010 - 11 will probably Sarich is also 31 .
Langkow will be 34 and Sarich will be 32 when the 10 - 11 campaign begins .
All three will be very hard to dump but if all three just brought in Prospects and Draft Picks that would make everything a lot easier and calmer in Calgary with Money to rope in the big fish Patrick Marleau in particular .
The main objective for the Flames this season is simple make the playoffs .
This offseason you can decide whether it is right to start from scratch .
This again does n't bring into the account of any AHLers that could make the jump next season and most of us would agree that no one down on the farm is quite ready to make the jump to the big time .
Nothing is worse for systems like Digg and Reddit than repetitive , mediocre content .
These networks are designed to magnify the efficiency of the Internet by taking excellent content — regardless of source — and promoting it through impartial democracy .
Ultimately , the goal is to minimize the time it takes someone to get up to speed on the most original / interesting content within a given area of focus , be it technology , politics , or whatever .
When done correctly , the concept is quite beautiful .
Spamming vs. Contributing
The system breaks down horribly , however , when these communities fail to understand the difference between submitting original content and blogspamming .
Many are confused about what blogspamming actually is : it ’s not posting a link to something on your own blog or website ( if it ’s decent and original , that ’s called “ contributing ” ) .
Blogspamming is actually very specific ( I had the Digg staff spell it out for me ) — here are the requirements :
Find interesting content somewhere on the Internet Post that content on your own website
Post the link to your website rather than the original source
This is blogspamming , and it ’s every bit as evil as people make it out to be .
But it should not be confused with people posting their own original content .
That practice , i.e. sharing ideas , is what makes the Internet so wonderful .
The Idea Bazaar
When it comes to sharing ideas , the Internet should be viewed much like a traditional , open marketplace — where people bring the artwork , pottery , clothing , woodwork , etc. for public review .
It ’s like open - mic night in front of billions of people .
Hello , everyone .
Here ’s a short story I just finished .
I hope you like it …
This is what the Internet is about , and I think Digg , Reddit , and their successors should be more open to this philosophy .
We should n’t penalize people for offering their own original content to the world just because they submitted it themselves .
It ’s far more genuine to do that , after all , than to artificially manufacture a third - party submission ( which so many people do ) .
Remember that writers submit their work to publishers ; they do n’t wait for it to be found .
Artisans have shows and invite lots of people .
Academics submit to their respective journals .
In short , submitting original content for peer review is an absolute must in any system that values intellectual progress .
Communities that rely on a constant flow of quality content need to adopt a mantra of judging offerings based on only two things : originality and merit .
Any would - be resource that fails to grasp this concept ( or later forgets it ) is doing its users a disservice by discouraging would - be contributors from participating . :
No new nuclear or coal plants may ever be needed in the United States , the chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said today .
" We may not need any , ever , " Jon Wellinghoff told reporters at a U.S. Energy Association forum .
The FERC chairman 's comments go beyond those of other Obama administration officials , who have strongly endorsed greater efficiency and renewables deployment but also say nuclear and fossil energies will continue playing a major role .
Wellinghoff's view also goes beyond the consensus outlook in the electric power industry about future sources of electricity .
The industry has assumed that more baseload generation would provide part of an increasing demand for power , along with a rapid deployment of renewable generation , smart grid technologies and demand reduction strategies .
Jay Apt , a professor at Carnegie Mellon University 's Electricity Industry Center , expressed skepticism about the feasibility of relying so heavily on renewable energy .
" I do n't think we 're where Chairman Wellinghoff would like us to be , " Apt said .
" You need firm power to fill in when the wind does n't blow .
There is just no getting around that . "
Some combination of more gas - or coal - fired generation , or nuclear power , will be needed , he said .
" Demand response can provide a significant buffering of the power fluctuations coming from wind .
Interacting widely scattered wind farms cannot provide smooth power . "
Wellinghoff said renewables like wind , solar and biomass will provide enough energy to meet baseload capacity and future energy demands .
Nuclear and coal plants are too expensive , he added .
" I think baseload capacity is going to become an anachronism , " he said .
" Baseload capacity really used to only mean in an economic dispatch , which you dispatch first , what would be the cheapest thing to do .
Well , ultimately wind 's going to be the cheapest thing to do , so you 'll dispatch that first . "
He added , " People talk about , ' Oh , we need baseload . '
It 's like people saying we need more computing power , we need mainframes .
We do n't need mainframes , we have distributed computing . "
The technology for renewable energies has come far enough to allow his vision to move forward , he said .
For instance , there are systems now available for concentrated solar plants that can provide 15 hours of storage .
" What you have to do , is you have to be able to shape it , " he added .
" And if you can shape wind and you can effectively get capacity available for you for all your loads .
" So if you can shape your renewables , you do n't need fossil fuel or nuclear plants to run all the time .
And , in fact , most plants running all the time in your system are an impediment because they 're very inflexible .
You can't ramp up and ramp down a nuclear plant .
And if you have instead the ability to ramp up and ramp down loads in ways that can shape the entire system , then the old concept of baseload becomes an anachronism . "
' A lot that is still not understood '
Asked whether his ideas need detailed studies , given the complexity of the grid , Wellinghoff said the technology is already moving that way .
" I think it 's being settled by the digital grid moving forward , " he said .
" We are going to have to go to a smart grid to get to this point I 'm talking about .
But if we do n't go to that digital grid , we 're not going to be able to move these renewables , anyway .
So it 's all going to be an integral part of operating that grid efficiently . "
In response to Wellinghoff 's comments , James Owens , a spokesman for the Edison Electric Institute , an association of shareholder - owned utilities , issued this statement : “ While our industry is making very major strides in expanding energy efficiency and the use of renewables , we ’ll still have to add new baseload generation capacity to help meet the growth in demand for electricity .
As we intensify the transition to a low - carbon future , we will need to have all generation options on the table , including advanced new nuclear , advanced clean coal with carbon capture and storage , as well as natural gas . ”
The North American Electric Reliability Corp. reported last week on challenges in integrating a twentyfold expansion of renewable power into the nation 's electricity networks but did not specifically address whether additional baseload generation would be needed .
A spokesperson for NERC did not have an immediate response to Wellinghoff 's comments .
Revis James , who directs energy technology assessment for the Electric Power Research Institute , said recently that it is not clear how fast renewable energy can be added without creating reliability issues .
" No one knows what the magic number is , " he said .
" Are we moving too fast ?
On the policymakers ' side , there 's a lot that is not still understood about the implications of a large share of renewables . "
Impact on nuclear power
Wellinghoff 's statement – if it reflects Obama administration policy – would be a huge blow to the U.S. nuclear power industry , which has been hoping for a nuclear " renaissance " based on the capacity of nuclear reactors to generate power without greenhouse gas emissions .
Congress created significant financial incentives to encourage the construction of perhaps a half - dozen nuclear plants with innovative designs , and Energy Secretary Steven Chu has promised Congress to accelerate awards of federal loan guarantees for some of these proposals .
But a major expansion in U.S. nuclear energy would require a high effective tax on carbon emissions from coal plants , or an extended loan guarantee and tax incentive policy , according to the Congressional Research Service and outside consultants .
The leading energy bills before Congress do not provide more loan guarantees .
" If expansion of nuclear plants is the nation 's policy , then Congress has to recognize that the U.S. energy companies cannot afford to do this alone , " said Paul Genoa , policy director for the Nuclear Energy Institute , in a recent interview .
" The president needs to show his cards on nuclear energy , " said energy consultant Joseph Stanislaw , a Duke University professor .
" He cannot keep this industry , which must make investments with a 50 - year or longer horizon , in limbo for much longer . "
" I think [ new nuclear expansion ] is kind of a theoretical question , because I do n't see anybody building these things , I do n't see anybody having one under construction , " Wellington said .
Building nuclear plants is cost - prohibitive , he said , adding that the last price he saw was more than $ 7,000 a kilowatt – more expensive than solar energy .
" Until costs get to some reasonable cost , I do n't think anybody 's going to [ talk ] that seriously , " he said .
" Coal plants are sort of in the same boat , they 're not quite as expensive . "
Can renewables meet demand ?
There 's enough renewable energy to meet energy demand , Wellinghoff said .
" There 's 500 to 700 gigawatts of developable wind throughout the Midwest , all the way to Texas .
There 's probably another 200 to 300 gigawatts in Montana and Wyoming that can go West . "
He also cited tremendous solar power in the Southwest and hydrokinetic and biomass energy , and said the United States can reduce energy usage by 50 percent .
" You combine all those things together ... I think we have great resources in this country , and we just need to start using them , " he said .
Problems with unsteady power generation from wind will be overcome , he said .
" That 's exactly what all the load response will do , the load response will provide that leveling ability , number one , " he said .
" Number two , if you have wide interconnections across the entire interconnect , you 're going to have a lot of diversity with that wind .
Not all the wind is going to stop at once .
You 'll have some of it stop , some of it start , and all of that diversity is going to help you , as well . "
Push for grid modifications
But planning for modifying the grid to integrate renewables must take place in the next three to five years , he said .
" If we do n't do that , then we miss the boat , " Wellinghoff said .
" That planning has to take place so you do n't strand a lot of assets , a lot of supply assets . "
Unlike coal and nuclear , natural gas will continue to play a role in generating electricity , he said .
" Natural gas is going to be there for a while , because it 's going to be there to get us through this transition that 's going to take 30 or more years . "
Chu reiterated before the House Energy and Commerce Committee today that he supports loan guarantees for new nuclear power plants and is working with the White House on the issue .
" I believe nuclear power has to be part of the energy mix in this century , " Chu said .
Chu also noted today that nuclear technology , along with renewables , is an area where the United States has lost its lead .
" We are trying to start the American nuclear industry again , " he said .
Coal currently provides half of U.S. power , while nuclear energy accounts for about 20 percent .
Senior reporter Ben Geman contributed .
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Summary
PlusCallback is a C++ library , contained in a single header file , that implements easy to use function and method callbacks .
It is completely contained in one header file , so it 's trivial to add to your projects .
It also uses the simplest syntax of any callback method I 've ever seen ( for C++ ) , and it 's quite flexible .
Code Sample
//Setup callback for TestObject .
Foo( ) .
cb::Callback1<int , int > callback ( &TestObject , & TestClass :: Foo ) ; //Call TestObject .
Foo ( 5 ) . callback (5 ) ; // Change callback to a free function .
callback = SomeRandomFunction ; // Call SomeRandomFunction ( 8 ) . callback ( 8 ) ;
Features
Contained in one header file , trivial to install
Portable ANSI C++ code
Completely free for any use ( zlib license )
Very simple API
Type -safe , no macros or casts
Container storage safe ( e.g. std: :map , list , vector , etc )
Links
Internet users around the world are attracted by the availability of information
Almost four in five people around the world believe that access to the internet is a fundamental right , a poll for the BBC World Service suggests .
The survey - of more than 27,000 adults across 26 countries - found strong support for net access on both sides of the digital divide .
Countries such as Finland and Estonia have already ruled that access is a human right for their citizens .
International bodies such as the UN are also pushing for universal net access .
INTERNET POLL
The findings in detail [ 477 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here " The right to communicate cannot be ignored , " Dr Hamadoun Toure , secretary - general of the International Telecommunication Union ( ITU ) , told BBC News .
" The internet is the most powerful potential source of enlightenment ever created . "
He said that governments must " regard the internet as basic infrastructure - just like roads , waste and water " .
" We have entered the knowledge society and everyone must have access to participate . "
The survey , conducted by GlobeScan for the BBC , also revealed divisions on the question of government oversight of some aspects of the net .
Web users questioned in South Korea and Nigeria felt strongly that governments should never be involved in regulation of the internet .
However , a majority of those in China and the many European countries disagreed .
In the UK , for example , 55 % believed that there was a case for some government regulation of the internet .
Rural retreat
The finding comes as the UK government tries to push through its controversial Digital Economy Bill .
As well as promising to deliver universal broadband in the UK by 2012 , the bill could also see a so - called " three strikes rule " become law .
This rule would give regulators new powers to disconnect or slow down the net connections of persistent illegal file - sharers .
Other countries , such as France , are also considering similar laws .
A season of reports from 8 - 19 March 2010 exploring the extraordinary power of the internet , including : Digital giants - top thinkers in the business on the future of the web Mapping the internet - a visual representation of the spread of the web over the last 20 years Global Voices - the BBC links up with an online community of bloggers around the world
BBC SuperPower season
Send us your comments
Recently , the EU adopted an internet freedom provision , stating that any measures taken by member states that may affect citizen 's access to or use of the internet " must respect the fundamental rights and freedoms of citizens " .
In particular , it states that EU citizens are entitled to a " fair and impartial procedure " before any measures can be taken to limit their net access .
The EU is also committed to providing universal access to broadband .
However , like many areas around the world the region is grappling with how to deliver high - speed net access to rural areas where the market is reluctant to go .
Analysts say that is a problem many countries will increasingly have to deal with as citizens demand access to the net .
The BBC survey found that 87 % of internet users felt internet access should be the " fundamental right of all people " .
More than 70 % of non-users felt that they should have access to the net .
Overall , almost 79 % of those questioned said they either strongly agreed or somewhat agreed with the description of the internet as a fundamental right - whether they currently had access or not .
Free speech Countries such as Mexico , Brazil and Turkey most strongly support the idea of net access as a right , the survey found .
More than 90 % of those surveyed in Turkey , for example , stated that internet access is a fundamental right - more than those in any other European Country .
Facebook has become a lightning rod for causes of all types South Korea - the most wired country on Earth - had the greatest majority of people ( 96 % ) who believed that net access was a fundamental right .
Nearly all of the country 's citizens already enjoy high - speed net access .
The survey also revealed that the internet is rapidly becoming a vital part of many people 's lives in a diverse range of nations .
In Japan , Mexico and Russia around three - quarters of respondents said they could not cope without it .
Most of those questioned also said that they believed the web had a positive impact , with nearly four in five saying it had brought them greater freedom .
However , many web users also expressed concerns .
The dangers of fraud , the ease of access to violent and explicit content and worries over privacy were the most concerning aspects for those questioned .
A majority of users in Japan , South Korea and Germany felt that they could not express their opinions safely online , although in Nigeria , India and Ghana there was much more confidence about speaking out .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Find An Event Create Your Event Help NakedGirlsReading Seattle : Get Sprung ! with special guest Fannie Beaverhausen !
West Hall , Oddfellows Building
Seattle , WA Share this event : Get Tickets
There are no active dates for this event .
Not Available
Event NakedGirlsReading Seattle : Get Sprung ! with special guest Fannie Beaverhausen !
** CANCELLED **
NakedGirlsReading Seattle presents :
Get Sprung !
April 3 , 2011
NGR Seattle invites you to celebrate Spring with special guest reader Fannie Beaverhausen !
It 's sure to be a luscious literary romp through all things fecund !
What is Naked Girls Reading ?
Founded in Chicago by Michelle L'Amour and Franky Vivid , it is live monthly salon featuring stunning women reading their favorite selections before an extremely lucky audience .
Featuring :
Jesse Belle - Jones
Polly Wood
Heidi Von Haught
Our host Elsa Von Schmaltz
and a rotating cast of erudite ecdysiasts .
Please visit www.nakedgirlsreading / seattle / for info on our Facebook page and Yahoo group !!!
Naked Girls Reading also continues to support the Seattle Public Library .
We believe that all people deserve access to information and continuing education , regardless of financial status .
Please bring books or monetary donations for Seattle 's libraries .
Purchase a general admission seat for the price of $ 17 advance / $ 20 at the door , or a seat at one of the front tables for $ 22 advance / $ 25 at the door .
Tables seat up to 4 people .
Doors open at 6:30 , show runs 7 - 9 pm .
Please note , due to Washington State Liquor Laws pertaining to nudity , no beverages / beverage containers of any kind can be brought in to the space .
We will provide water during the show ..
Thank you for your cooperation !
Please be aware that all readers are fully nude !
If you are uncomfortable with this , please reconsider purchasing .
No one under 18 will be admitted , and we will ID at the door .
West Hall is Wheelchair accessible .
Please email ngrseattle at gmail for accessibility needs or wheelchair seating .
Your ticket contains in the price of CIty of Seattle Admissions Tax of 5 % ( If you do n't want to pay 5 % in show sales taxes to the City and / or feel this is an unfair burden to small venues , then please contact your legislature ) :
$ 17 ( Face Value ) = $ 16.19 ( Ticket Price ) + $ 0.81 ( Admissions Tax )
$ 20 ( Face Value ) = $ 19.05 ( Ticket Price ) + $ 0.95 ( Admissions Tax )
Location West Hall , Oddfellows Building
10th and E Pine
Seattle , WA 98122
United States Categories Other
Minimum Age : 18 Kid Friendly : No Dog Friendly : No Non-Smoking : No Wheelchair Accessible : Yes !
Contact Owner : Academy of Burlesque On BPT Since : 03 Mar 2006 Polly Wood 206-47 - TWIRL ngrseattle@gmail.com ... www.nakedgirlsreading.com
Ask a question ...
Ask !
Portland Port has berths for nuclear powered submarines Loud hailer announcements by a water company and a leaflet advising what to do during a radiation leak caused fears of a nuclear catastrophe in Dorset .
Emergency services in Portland were inundated with calls when Wessex Water officials used a hailer to inform residents of a cut to services .
Meanwhile , leaflets had been delivered advising people what to do during a radiation emergency at the nearby port .
One 78 - year - old resident said the loud hailer left her " frightened to death " .
The leaflets were distributed as part of a Nuclear Accident Emergency Plan exercise at Portland Port on Wednesday evening .
I thought what are you supposed to do ?
Freeze ?
Vivien Hawkins
They advised people in the area to stay indoors , put out fires and boilers , take potassium iodate tablets if they had been issued and wait for the all clear .
However , in an unconnected event , the water company used a loud hailer to inform residents their water was being turned off .
Vivien Hawkins , 78 , said : " There was this awful noise .
I opened the front door and there was a loud speaker .
It was so loud you could n't hear what he was saying .
" Just after that a leaflet came through the door telling you what to do - douse all fires , close all windows .
" I thought what are you supposed to do ?
Freeze ?
I was frightened to death .
" I rang my son and he said ' Have they got a submarine in Portland Port that 's leaking ? ' " ' A bit silly '
The nuclear exercise was run jointly by the county and borough councils , the Royal Navy , the Maritime and Coastguard Agency and other nuclear officials .
Dorset County Council said residents were warned about the exercise via local media .
But Winifred Groves , 81 , said : " The water works were doing some work .
" They had machines and loud speakers going and it all happened at the same time .
That 's what caused the panic .
" It was a bit silly to drop the booklets in after dark . "
Another exercise is due to take place on 27 April at the port , which offers harbour to nuclear powered submarines .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NASA ’s Spirit rover should be able to wriggle free of its sandy trap on Mars after all , says a scientist for the mission .
But the robotic explorer will need to survive the bitter Martian winter first .
In April 2009 , Spirit ’s wheels broke through a thin surface crust and got mired in the loose sand below .
After months of trying unsuccessfully to free the rover , NASA declared on 26 January that Spirit would henceforth be a stationary lander mission rather than a rover .
But the announcement was “ a little bit premature ” , rover scientist Ray Arvidson of Washington University in St Louis , Missouri , told researchers at the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Houston , Texas , on Monday .
In nine drives between 15 January and 8 February , mission members coaxed the rover into driving backwards by 34 centimetres – “ pretty good for a lander ” , Arvidson said .
That far surpasses the mere millimetres of motion Spirit had managed in previous efforts .
Advertisement
The technique involved swivelling the rover wheels from side to side , which cleared away some of the loose soil beneath the wheels and compacted what remained .
By alternating wheel swivelling with short drives , the rover was able to make slow and steady progress .
“ We only stopped because we ran out of sunlight ” as winter approached , Arvidson said .
Spirit is hibernating now , with too little power to continue driving .
“ After we come out from hibernation in September or October , my suspicion is that a couple weeks [ of driving ] and we ’ll back out [ of the trap ] , ” he said .
But first Spirit will have to survive the cruel Martian winter .
In previous winters , it was able to park on slopes that tilted its solar panels northwards , maximising the amount of sunlight falling on them at Spirit ’s location in the southern hemisphere of Mars .
This time around , Spirit ’s solar panels are tilted slightly to the south , which means power is likely to drop lower than ever before in the mission .
That could leave Spirit with too little juice to warm its electronics , and they could break if they get too cold .
“ It will be dicey , ” Arvidson admits .
Former Minnesota governor and one - time professional wrestler Jesse Ventura has run afoul of the Huffington Post ’s no-conspiracy - theory policy , and he ’s not happy about it .
“ I ca n’t believe the Huffington Post today will practice censorship , ” Ventura says in astonishment .
“ I ’ve got news for them . … I wo n’t ever write for ’em again . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Ventura had posted an item on Tuesday which took note of a recent conference at which “ more than one thousand architects and engineers signed a petition demanding that Congress begin a new investigation into the destruction of the World Trade Center skyscrapers on 9/11 . ”
He also quoted a few paragraphs from his new book , American Conspiracies , to explain why some of those experts see signs of controlled demolition .
The item was featured on the front page of Huffington Post when it first went up , but after a few hours it vanished .
All that appears now at its original location is an editor ’s note saying , “ The Huffington Post ’s editorial policy , laid out in our blogger guidelines , prohibits the promotion and promulgation of conspiracy theories — including those about 9/11 .
As such , we have removed this post . ”
The note is followed by three pages of comments , enthusiastically arguing the pros and cons of controlled demolition and other 9/11 theories , that were posted during the couple of hours before the entry was deleted and comments were closed .
Huffington
Post ’s own guidelines for its bloggers state , “ We must — and do — reserve the right to remove objectionable , inaccurate , or inflammatory material and , if necessary , suspend or revoke blogging privileges .
This also includes propagating conspiracy theories and blogging about behind - the - scenes housekeeping issues that are not of interest to the general public . ”
Anastasia Churkina , a correspondent for RT , interviewed Ventura about the controversy .
“ He ’s a man who does n’t mince his words too much , ” she reported on Thursday .
“ He was pretty blunt . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ca n’t believe the Huffington Post today will practice censorship , ” Ventura told her angrily .
“ They asked me to be a contributing editor and they said , ‘ Write about anything you want . ’
So it was the second time I did something — and they removed it ? ”
“ Well , I ’ve got news for them , ” he continued .
“ I wo n’t ever write for ’em again . …
I wo n’t do a thing for the Huffington Post because I do n’t like it when people censor what I have to say . ”
“ All I do is ask questions ! ” he exploded .
“ That ’s what bugs me about 9/11 .
9/11 is an event you ’re not allowed to ask a question about .
…
Clearly they do n’t want any questions on it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Ironically , Ventura had to go to RT , the English - language version of a Russian news channel , to tell his story .
Although polls show that large numbers of Americans believe in a broad range of conspiracy theories , and a majority entertain doubts about the official story of 9/11 , few of those questions ever appear in the mainstream media .
As Raw Story recently reported , “ In November of 2007 , an online article noted , ‘ Nearly two - thirds of Americans think it is possible that some federal officials had specific warnings of the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , but chose to ignore those warnings , according to a Scripps Howard News Service / Ohio University poll . ’
A national survey of 811 adult residents of the United States conducted by Scripps and Ohio University found that more than a third believe in a broad smorgasbord of conspiracy theories including the attacks , international plots to rig oil prices , the plot to assassinate President John F. Kennedy in 1963 and the government ’s knowledge of intelligent life from other worlds .
The high percentage is a manifestation , some say , of an American public that increasingly distrusts the federal government . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Even liberal websites , however , discourage questions about 9/11 , to the point where BooMan of the Booman Tribune had to preface a post at Daily Kos in 2005 by writing “ I know this touches on verboten conspiracy theories , but this is a front - page NYT article . ”
“ It ’s kind of hard to tell whether or not a new investigation will be launched , ” Churkina concluded .
“ Many people do n’t think this is going to be happening any time soon , even with such public figures , like Jesse Venture and other , calling for it . ”
This video from RT was posted at YouTube on March 12 , 2010 .
We may be compensated by advertising and affiliate programs .
See full disclosure below
Sometimes you just need to stop spending money for a few days .
Maybe you are already over budget , or close to it , and the month is n’t over .
Perhaps you have savings goals with deadlines and need to kick a little extra towards one of those goals before the deadline comes and goes .
Or maybe you just hate to see your hard - earned dollars fly out of your wallet on trivial things .
If any of these things describe you , I suggest a no - spend weekend .
What is a No - Spend Weekend
A no -spend weekend is pretty much just what it sounds like — a weekend where no money leaves your wallet or bank account , no checks are written , and no spending is done on a credit card .
You are allowed to use things you have already paid for or will pay for in the future , like groceries , cable , and gas for your car .
If you take public transportation and have a pre-funded fare card , you can use that too .
No -Spend Weekend Ground Rules
For a no-spend weekend to truly have an impact on your bottom line , you have to follow some ground rules :
1. Do It Spontaneously
If you plan a no - spend weekend too far in advance , it is likely that you will end up spending money in advance to prepare for the weekend — as in “ oh I ca n’t buy groceries next weekend , so I ’ll do it this weekend .
I ca n’t eat out , so I ’ll do it on Thursday . ”
The best thing is to decide Thursday , or even Friday — and challenge yourself to make do with the food and entertainment you already have .
2. Whole Family Participation
If you spend no money , but your spouse does , it kind of defeats the purpose .
Ditto if you split costs with a significant other in the form of “ you pay this time , I ’ll pay next time ” — you ’ll just end up making up for your lack of spending at a later date .
If you live with or spend significant time with someone , and have commingled your finances formally or informally , you ’ve got to both do this together to reap the benefits .
3. Keep Spending Normally Once the Weekend is Over
One of the reasons that I advocate doing this for just a weekend , rather than days or weeks at a time , is that you should n’t really feel deprived after only 2 - 3 days without spending .
Therefore , once your weekend is over , you should n’t feel the need to spend feverishly to make up for the lost time .
If you usually do a big grocery shopping on Monday , that ’s fine — do it .
4. Shift the Timing to Where You Actually Spend Money
When I have a no-spend weekend , I usually define it as the time I get home from work on Friday to the time I leave for work on Monday .
I spend at least 80 % of my money on the weekend , so that is when going spend - free has the most impact on my bottom line .
If you know you do n’t usually spend money on the weekend anyway , but can identify other days or times of the month that are hard on your wallet , try going spend - free on those days instead .
Activities for No-Spend Weekend
If your weekend normally revolves around going out for meals / drinks / entertainment , try one or more of these ideas instead :
1. Play Board Games
This is one of my favorite free forms of entertainment .
You can invite friends over and have fun spending time together at no cost to any of you !
2. Watch TV / DVDs or catch up on DVR
If you are a TV person ( and I recognize that some people are n’t ) , a no-spend weekend is a great time to catch up on some of your favorite shows .
If you do n’t have cable , you can go through old DVDs collection , watch YouTube videos , or do a TV night at your friend ’s house .
3. Exercise
Get outside and walk , run , or bicycle .
If the weather does n’t permit that , do some simple exercise in your home or apartment .
4. Visit Local Parks , Museums , or Things Your City Offers for Free
I live in Washington , so most museums have free admission .
Take advantage of anything similar in your area — even if it ’s just sitting in a park for a few hours .
Make sure to bring your own snacks / drinks so you wo n’t be tempted to buy while you ’re out !
5. Try a New Recipe
Instead of boiling some pasta for the 5th time this month , get creative in the kitchen .
Use Supercook to find recipes that can be made with ingredients you have on hand — an important requirement for a new recipe used on a no-spend weekend !
6. Catch Up With Old Friends
Send emails or make phone calls to people you have n’t talked to in a while .
If you really want to make someone ’s day , write a letter — but only using paper you already own !
7. Clean
Spend some time getting things in order around your house .
If you ’re feeling adventurous , organize your basement / attic / garage / shed as well .
Dust , mop , vacuum , and do anything else that you ’ve let go just a little too long .
Super Clean :
If you ’re really having a hard time filling up your time , do a full weeding - out of your possessions .
Go through every drawer , closet , and junk drawer looking for things you just do n’t use or need .
Package things that ca n’t be sold and donate to Goodwill or a charity of your choice .
Then sell the rest on Craigslist or eBay — if you ’re lucky , your no -spend weekend could end up making you money !
The ' cloud ' of data that is becoming the heart of the internet is creating an all - too - real cloud of pollution as Facebook , Apple and others build data centers powered by coal , Greenpeace said in a new report to be released today .
A Facebook facility being built in Oregon will rely on a utility whose main fuel is coal , while Apple is building a data warehouse in a North Carolina region that relies mostly on coal , the environmental organization said in the study .
" The last thing we need is for more cloud infrastructure to be built in places where it increases demand for dirty coal - fired power , " said Greenpeace , which argues that web companies should be more careful about where they build and should lobby more in Washington for clean energy .
The growing mass of business data , home movies and pictures has ballooned beyond the capabilities of many corporate data centers and personal computers , spurring the creation of massive server farms that make up a " cloud , " an emerging phenomenon known as cloud computing .
The Greenpeace report comes during a global debate whether to create caps or other measures to cut use of carbon - heavy fuels like coal and curb climate change .
Cheap and plentiful , coal is the top fuel for US power plants , and its low cost versus alternative fuels makes it attractive , even in highly energy - efficient data centres .
Apple , Facebook , Microsoft Corp , Yahoo Inc and Google have at least some centres that rely heavily on coal power , said Greenpeace .
Most of the companies declined to give details of their data centers to Reuters .
All said , however , they considered the environment in business decisions , and most said they were aggressively pursuing energy efficiency .
High technology companies say they support the environment .
Apple has released its carbon footprint , or how much greenhouse gases it produces , and Facebook said it chose the location for its centre to use natural means to cool its machines .
Microsoft said it aimed to maximize efficiency , and Google said it purchased carbon offsets - funding for projects which suck up carbon - for emissions , including at data centres .
Yahoo , which is building a center near Buffalo , New York , that Greenpeace saw as a model , will get energy from hydroelectric facilities .
The company said energy - efficiency was the top goal , with a building design that promotes air circulation .
Data centre energy use already is huge , Greenpeace said .
If considered as a country , global telecommunications and data centres behind cloud computing would have ranked fifth in the world for energy use in 2007 , behind the United States , China , Russia and Japan , it concluded .
The cloud may be the fastest - growing facet of technology infrastructure between now and 2020 , said Greenpeace .
“ Afghanistan announced a ban on news coverage of Taliban strikes on Monday , saying such coverage only emboldened the Islamist militants , whose latest strikes killed six in the southern city of Kandahar , ” Reuters reports .
Journalists will only be allowed to cover the aftermath of Taliban attacks with permission from the National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) spy agency , the agency said .
It threatened to detain journalists who film attacks without permission and confiscate their equipment .
“ Live coverage does not benefit the government , but benefits the enemies of Afghanistan , ” NDS spokesman Saeed Ansari said .
The agency summoned a group of reporters to announce the ban .
No filming will be permitted while attacks are under way , and live broadcasts will be banned even from a distance , Ansari said .
The move was denounced by Afghan journalism and rights groups , which said it would deprive the public of vital information about the security situation in the country .
ADVERTISEMENT
The wire service adds that the “ government imposed a similar ban for a single day last year as an extraordinary measure during a presidential election , but has never before issued a permanent , blanket ban . ”
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan ( AFP ) – Twin car bombs and multiple other attacks killed four NATO soldiers and 10 Afghans Monday , taking foreign troop deaths this year well above the level for the first two months of 2009 .
The NATO deaths in southern and western Afghanistan mean 105 foreign soldiers have been killed in the country this year — twice the number in the same period last year .
A string of bomb blasts struck the south within 24 hours in an increase in Taliban - linked violence more than two weeks after thousands of US - led troops launched a major offensive in Helmand province .
The attacks highlighted the threat posed by the militia across much of the nation and emphasised the challenge faced by US and NATO troops taking part in a military “ surge ” aimed at ending the eight - year war .
ADVERTISEMENT
On Monday morning , a suicide bomber rammed his car into a NATO convoy crossing a bridge in Kandahar province , which neighbours Helmand , sending an armoured vehicle plummeting into the river below , an AFP reporter said .
The Afghan interior ministry said the attack killed “ four of our innocent civilian compatriots ” .
Sergeant Jeff Loftin , a spokesman for NATO ’s International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) , said one foreign soldier was killed and “ a few ” injured but did not disclose their nationalities .
ADVERTISEMENT
Hours later , a station wagon packed with explosives blew up outside the provincial police headquarters in Kandahar city — the spiritual capital of the Taliban — killing one person and wounding 16 others , police said .
“ In the remote - controlled car bomb explosion … one civilian working for the police headquarters was killed , ” said deputy provincial police chief Fazel Mohammad Shairzad .
ADVERTISEMENT
Of the 16 wounded , nine were policemen , he added .
Taliban spokesman Yousuf Ahmadi told AFP by telephone from an undisclosed location that his organisation was responsible for both bombings .
ISAF later released a statement reporting three more deaths on Monday — two in an attack in the west and one in a shooting in the south .
The force gave no further details , and did not identify the nationalities of the dead .
ADVERTISEMENT
The deaths bring to 105 the number of foreign soldiers who have died in Afghanistan so far this year , according to an AFP count based on a tally kept by the independent website icasualties.org .
Last year was the deadliest since the war began , with 519 foreign troop deaths .
Another five Afghan civilians were killed by roadside bombs in Helmand on Monday , the interior ministry said .
One mine exploded under a car near the provincial capital Lashkar Gah , killing three civilians , and two others died in a similar attack in Gereshk district , it said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
On Sunday , a bomb planted by the Taliban killed 11 civilians including women and children in Helmand , where 15,000 troops have been waging a massive anti-Taliban offensive .
Overall , more than 120,000 foreign troops are currently in Afghanistan .
Since February 13 , US , NATO and Afghan troops have been fighting to drive the Taliban from the Marjah and Nad Ali areas of Helmand .
Afghan authorities say they are now in control , having hoisted the national flag last week .
Operation Mushtarak ( “ Together ” ) is aimed at driving the Taliban from their strongholds and is part of Washington ’s strategy to end the war .
Although commanders say the fighting is now winding down and Kandahar is next on the list , authorities have been reluctant to return thousands of displaced villagers because of innumerable mines left by the Taliban .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Taliban , their affiliated networks and loyalists have focused their fight to bring down the Western - backed Afghan government on the south but are said to have a significant presence across virtually the entire country .
Foreign troop numbers in Afghanistan are set to rise to 150,000 by August as part of the war strategy adopted by US President Barack Obama and key allies .
( with AFP report )
If the Patriot Act had n’t been approved for another year , Sunday would have looked much different .
Sunday could have meant the government was no longer given permission to wiretap the phones of Americans and seize their records and property .
But since the bill was approved by Congressional Democrats earlier this week and signed into law by President Obama on Saturday , this Sunday is just another Sunday for Americans living with the Patriot Act .
ADVERTISEMENT
To be fair , many Democrats asked for additional protections for the privacy rights of American citizens .
But Republicans said that would detract from the ability of the country ’s intelligence agencies to track down terrorists .
Lacking a 60 - vote supermajority in the Senate to pass the bill with the extra provisions , Democrats left them out .
Democratic Rep. Jane Harman opposed the House ’s approval of the extension , citing abuses during the administration of President George W. Bush .
“ While I strongly support using the most robust tools possible to go after terrorists , Congress must revise and narrow — not extend — Bush era policies , ” Harman said .
Glenn Greenwald of Salon.com had the following to say of the overwhelming support of the law ’s extension :
ADVERTISEMENT
One of the strangest prongs of conventional Beltway wisdom is the lament that there is not enough bipartisanship .
The opposite is true : many of the most damaging acts inflicted on the country by Washington are enacted on a fully bipartisan basis — the most destructive political act of this generation , the invasion of Iraq , was fully bipartisan , as were most of the post - 9/11 civil liberties abuses and other Bush - era initiatives– and , at least in certain areas , the harmonious joining together of Republicans and Democrats continues unabated .
Most publications and politicians expected Obama to sign the Patriot Act .
Propagandaoffensive für die Kopfpauschale Peter Mühlbauer
Wie aus einem Köderangebot von 140 Euro schnell 570 und mehr werden können
Man kann die Kopfpauschale als eine
Art gesundheitspolitischen Irakkrieg sehen : Auch bei Letzterem ließen sich diejenigen , die ein ideologisches oder wirtschaftliches Interesse daran hatten , nicht gleich dadurch entmutigen , dass es keine Mehrheiten für ihr Vorhaben gab .
Stattdessen warteten sie ab und holten ihre lange vorher bereitstehenden Pläne im Zuge der Anschläge vom 11 .
September 2001 aus der Schublade .
Trotzdem bedurfte es noch einer eineinhalbjährigen Propagandakampagne , bis die amerikanische Öffentlichkeit schließlich sturmreif für einen Einmarsch im Irak geschossen war .
Ähnlich verhält es sich mit der Kopfpauschale :
Sie verschwand in der Schublade , nachdem die CDU 2005 mit ihr die Bundestagswahl verlor , und wurde bei den Koalitionsverhandlungen 2009 erst dann wieder aus dem
Hut gezaubert , als kaum einer der Unionswähler noch mit ihr gerechnet hatte .
Nun läuft die Überzeugungsphase , mit der sichergestellt werden soll , dass eine Umsetzung nicht in allzu herbe Verluste für CDU und CSU mündet .
Denn Kopfpauschalen sind unpopulär .
Nicht erst seit 2005 , sondern schon lange vorher .
Abgaben , welche nicht nach Zahlungsfähigkeit unterscheiden , wurden ( wie das Brockhaus - Konversationslexikon von 1908 weiß ) vor allem " unterworfenen Völkerschaften auferlegt " - beispielsweise Einwohnern von Kolonien .
Auch die Dschizya , die islamische Eroberer Angehörigen von " Buchreligionen " auferlegten , kassierten sie häufig als Kopfpauschale .
1
Außerhalb von Unterwerfungssituationen tauchen solche Abgaben seltener auf .
Als die damalige englische Premierministerin Margaret Thatcher 1990 eine poll tax einführen wollte , wurde dies zur wichtigsten Ursache für ihren Sturz .
In Deutschland lehnen 80 Prozent der Bevölkerung die von der Regierung geplante Krankenversicherungs - Kopfpauschale bisher strikt ab .
Offenbar nicht zuletzt deshalb versuchten der bayerische Umwelt - und Gesundheitsminister Markus Söder und Horst Seehofer die im Koalitionsvertrag festgelegten Schritte dahin zu relativieren .
Allerdings gibt es auch CSU - Abgeordnete , die ganz offensiv für das Modell werben - beispielsweise Hans - Peter Friedrich und Wolfgang Zöller .
Zöller sitzt seit 1990 im Bundestag , Friedrich seit 1998 .
Beide dürfen auch dann mit einer großzügigen Pension rechnen , wenn sie bei der nächsten Wahl aus dem Parlament fliegen .
Und während ihrer aktiven Zeit als Abgeordnete konnten sie in zahlreichen Fällen miterleben , wie dem Ausscheiden aus der Politik nach einer Wahlniederlage ein fürstlich bezahlter Job in der freien Wirtschaft folgte .
Fürstlich sind auch die Honorare , welche die derzeit von Organisationen wie der Informationszentrale der Bayerischen Wirtschaft e.V. übers Land geschickten Kopfpauschalenverteidiger wie Bernd Raffelhüschen für ihre Vorträge erhalten .
Die PR - Veranstaltungen , bei denen er auftritt , sind eine Art Heilsarmee für freie Journalisten : Die Besucher bekommen umsonst zu essen , wenn sie sich dafür Predigten anhören , von denen die Veranstalter hoffen , dass sie auf fruchtbaren Boden fallen .
Das muss nicht immer der Fall sein - bei manchen Kollegen etwa merkt man schon an der Kleidung , dass es ihnen an einem Auftraggeber fehlt , bei dem sie einen
Text unterbringen könnten .
Bei anderen dagegen funktioniert die Propaganda offenbar tatsächlich .
Kern der Botschaft ist die Behauptung , eine Kopfpauschale könne es für 140 Euro geben .
Wäre dem tatsächlich so wäre , dann müsste man sich freilich fragen , warum private Anbieter für solch eine vorerkrankungsunabhängige Versicherung rund 570 Euro berechnen - und auch das nur auf staatlichen Druck hin .
Eine Teilerklärung ist , dass zur Kopfpauschale noch ein Arbeitgeberanteil hinzukommt , der jedoch dem Willen von FDP - Politikern nach langfristig wegfallen soll .
Weil der Arbeitgeberanteil früher als Kostenbremse wirkte , indem für Ausgabensteigerungen zugunsten von Pharmaindustrie , Ärzten oder Geräteherstellern wie Siemens auch Arbeitgeber aus anderen Branchen mitzahlen mussten , haben all diese Akteure im Gesundheitswesen ein starkes Interesse an seiner Abschaffung .
Freiberufler müssen wahrscheinlich gleich nach einer Umstellung die doppelte Kopfpauschalensumme bezahlen .
Und auch auf die Empfänger von Transferleistungen wird dieser bisher aus öffentlichen Kassen gezahlte Anteil möglicherweise früher abgewälzt als auf Arbeitnehmer - sofern man ihnen diese Last nicht sogar von Anfang an ganz oder teilweise aufbürdet .
Doch selbst dann , wenn der Arbeitgeberanteil noch eine Zeit lang beibehalten wird , gibt es nur drei Wege , auf denen sich eine Kopfpauschale für 140 Euro verwirklichen lässt :
Der erste ist der bloße Etikettenschwindel : Man behält die ( lediglich abgesenkten ) lohnabhängigen Zahlungen einfach bei und packt eine Kopfpauschale als zusätzliche Belastung dazu .
Die zweite Möglichkeit ist die massive Subvention aus Steuermitteln .
Auf dieser Subvention würde von Anfang an ein ebenso massiver Abbaudruck liegen .
Es liegt nahe , dass man sie bei jedem der in der Zukunft drohenden Haushaltslöcher und jeder Überschreitung der Euro - Defizitgrenze ein wenig abbauen würde .
Und wenn 2016 die von Union und SPD im Windschatten der Finanzkrise beschlossene " Schuldenbremse " in Kraft tritt , dann könnte es mit dieser Steuersubvention endgültig vorbei sein und die Beträge würden in Höhe jener der privaten Krankenversicherungen liegen .
Eine vollständige Privatisierung der Krankenversicherungen auf diesem
Umweg ist auch das erklärte Ziel vieler Befürworter des Kopfpauschalenmodells - allerdings sagt man das selten so offen .
Lediglich dann , wenn man sich beim Plausch als Sympathisant der Sache gibt , werden diese wahren Ziele nach und nach offengelegt .
Der dritte
Weg ist die Herausnahme von Leistungen aus dem Erstattungskatalog , bis nur noch ein Kernschutz übrig bleibt , der fast alles als Selbstbehaltsbereich des Versicherten definiert und wenig mehr ist , als ein erzwungener Schutz der Krankenhäuser vor Zahlungsausfällen .
Wer arm ist , der hat dann zwar theoretisch eine billige Krankenversicherung , zahlt aber durch Arztrechnungen und Medikamente im Durchschnitt sehr viel mehr Geld an das Gesundheitssystem als jetzt .
Auch dieser Effekt wird von manchen der besonders engagierten Befürworter der Kopfpauschale hinter vorgehaltener Hand durchaus begrüßt :
Weil eine direkte Kürzung von Renten und Transferleistungen auf politischem
Wege schwer durchsetzbar ist , setzen sie darauf , dass eine " Flexibilisierung " der Leistungen mit " mehr Wahlmöglichkeiten " indirekt zu diesen Effekten führt .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
American journalists in Sudan are confronted with the dilemma of whether to return home to report on the atrocities they have seen , or to stay behind and help some of the victims they have encountered .
Despite wearing dossard number 1 as the defending champion , Quick Step ’s Tom Boonen had no qualms whatsoever about abandoning yesterday ’s Kuurne - Brussel - Kuurne race .
The Belgian champion had gone into the race with the intention of repeating his two previous victories ( 2009 and 2007 ) but the horrendous weather conditions caused him , and many others to recosider .
" You always start a race with the ambition to get something good out of it , " he told the Belgian media .
" But it was a whole day of misery : rain , wind , holes in the road .
And then the cold , eh .
I was slowly freezing , and I knew that I ’d never get warm . "
Under those circumstances Boonen was forced to decide whether it was worthwhile continuing in the race .
" At that moment , I had to consider ‘ what are the pros and cons ? ’ ” he explained , " and to ride on now had far more disadvantages than advantages . "
The Kuurne - Brussel - Kuurne race is a prestigious Flemish semi-classic but it is by no means the main target for Boonen this spring .
As a two time winner of the Ronde van Vlaanderen and a three - time winner of Paris - Roubaix he is bidding to add a sixth victory in the cobbled classics in just over a month ’s time .
Should Boonen win a third Ronde he would join his great mentor Johan Museeuw as a rider who has won both races three times ; should he win a fourth Roubaix he would equal the outright record of wins in the Enfer du Nord , currently held by the legendary Roger De Vlaeminck .
" I did not want to work four months training to lose it all in a weekend , ” said the 2005 World champion .
“ On some days it ’s better for you to step off early rather than late .
Only the winner gets to something from such a day , the rest of the finishers took many risks for nothing . "
Virginia Tech 's RoMeLa Lab has done more than its fair share to further the development of our future robot overlords .
Now , in a recent TED talk , Dr. Dennis
Hong brings us up to date on some of the creepier candidates for world domination , including the spider - like STRiDER and the amoeboid ChIMERA ( Chemically Induced Motion Everting Robotic Amoeba ) .
The latter achieves locomotion by the movement of its silicone skin , squeezes through spaces half its diameter , and travels up to half a meter per second .
The good doctor is tight - lipped on much of the device 's specifics , but among options being explored for powering the thing are chemical actuation , electroactive polymers , and air - driven tubes .
Check out the team 's work in the video after the break .
[ Thanks , Travis ]
Every man has natural inclinations of his own .
Mine are domestic .
They are not calculated to make me particularly popular in Wall Street , and I can not help that .
In 1960 , South Korea was poorer than two - thirds of the nations in sub-Saharan Africa .
Today it ’s the world ’s most digital nation , with a per capita income of nearly $ 28,000 , higher than New Zealand ( $ 27 K ) or Portugal ( $ 22 K ) .
This transformation largely took place during 1965 - 1985 , and is known as the “ Korean Miracle . ”
But the transformation of the Land of the Morning Calm is far from complete .
South Korea is pushing ahead with a host of interlocking technology initiatives bold enough to potentially make the period 2010 - 2025 a second Korean miracle , this time focused on what Seoul National University refers to as convergence technology .
The factors underlying the first Korean Miracle are fairly well understood by social scientists .
They include :
a relatively equal distribution of wealth ( which arose by historical accident , due to the Japanese occupation and the Korean war )
a highly educated population
a relatively young population ( presently , e.g. 10 % of Koreans and 20 % of Germans are 65 or older )
a culture oriented toward hard work
a tradition of bureaucratic service without extreme levels of corruption
high savings and investment rates
a concerted effort on the part of the government to stimulate and protect a set of carefully selected manufacturing and technology industries
What ’s interesting is that all these factors are still there , and , as a combination , they still differentiate Korea from nearly all other major nations .
Powered by these favorable conditions , Korea continues to move rapidly forward .
But now , rather than merely catching up with the developed world , they are in a position to move ahead .
Korea ’s economy is export - driven , currently focusing on electronics , automobiles , ships , machinery , petrochemicals and robotics .
These industries were fostered by substantial government investment , and in many cases by protectionist trade policies .
But now the combined juggernaut of Korean government , industry and academia is pushing the country in a new direction , aimed at taking Korea ’s “ most digital nation ” status to a whole new level .
The Coming Convergence
One of the nation ’s goals is to link all of their infrastructural systems together into a big , intelligent national knowledge network .
Listen to Deputy Minister Lim , of the Ministry of Knowledge Economy ( and how many countries have one of those ? ) , who early this year announced that by 2020 : “ The city smart transportation system , the eco-friendly transportation & logistic system , the smart grid system , the local optimized multi-energy system , the city asset management system , the disaster prevention system and the digital river management system , the home healthcare system , and the transportation service for the disabled … will be all connected with the IT system . ”
Everyone in the international technology industry knows this sort of thing is feasible in principle , but from the perspective of US or European politics , it seems almost science - fictional .
The Koreans may actually pull it off by 2020 .
Note the theme of integration in this knowledge economy plan .
We see the same meme in Seoul National University ’s new graduate institutes , the “ Advanced Institutes of Convergence Technology , ” whose areas of focus read like the top - level headings of an encyclopedia of today ’s transformative technologies :
Nano Materials and Devices Institute
Integrated Bioscience and Biotechnology Institute
Advanced Automotive Institute
Intelligent Robotics Institute
Software and Digital Media Institute
Environment , Energy , Resources Institute
Information Technology Institute
Urban Infra-Tech Institute
Transdisciplinary Studies Institute
Samsung cranial implants , coming soon to an Interweb near you ?
I lectured at the Institutes of Convergence Technology in November 2009 , at a forum on “ Cognitive Machines : Convergence of Biological and Physical Intelligence . ”
The topics discussed were rather similar to what one finds at US futurist conferences like the Singularity Summit or the H+ Summit — except that this was sponsored by the government at a major research university , and the talks were more densely packed with demos and equations .
I was particularly impressed by Frank Park ’s demos of gracefully moving , biologically - inspired robots , and some in - depth discussions of smart power grids and the uses of AI to forecast power failures and usage patterns .
And then there was Byoung - Tak Zhang ’s work on DNA computing for natural language generation : test tubes of DNA , manipulated to arrange themselves in patterns interpretable as meaningful sentences !
SNU ’s Convergence Technology thrust really impressed me .
I know of no American or European university initiative with a similarly broad and deep futuristic technology thrust , seamlessly fusing the practical and the visionary .
Not only does the government provide systematic , well - conceived stimuli for advancing technologies , it also provides a conducive regulatory environment , unimpaired by the Luddite “ ethical ” worries that plague research in many areas , particularly biomedicine , in the Western world .
Cloning research has flourished , including the first successful cloning of a dog , Snuppy , and the cloning of two females of an endangered species of wolves at SNU .
Stem cell research has been heavily funded , and I personally know a group of Americans currently working on setting up a stem cell therapy center in South Korea , aimed at life extension and the cure and prevention of aging - related diseases .
And the focus on advanced technology extends from the upper reaches of the educational system right down to the youngest children .
Korea is the first country of the world to bring high - speed fiber - optic broadband to every primary and secondary school ; and promises universal distribution of free digital textbooks by 2013 .
A Samsung Robot in Every Home By 2020 ?
On the same visit I visited Samsung , which last year passed HP to become the world ’s largest electronics company ( 2009 revenue : $ 119.4 billion ) .
I had been invited to give a talk on the applications of advanced AI to control robots and virtual agents , but I was surprised to find the audience was most interested in my affiliation with the Singularity Institute for AI , and they peppered me with questions about Ray Kurzweil and the Singularity .
The questions tended to be far more supportive than skeptical .
Not long after that , a team from KAIST — another major Korean research institute with close connections to Samsung — traveled to the US to visit representatives from the Singularity Institute , the Singularity University , and other futurist organizations .
Samsung Electronics plays a leading role in 60 + product categories and it also has a flourishing research division .
As the government ties together Korea ’s infrastructure into a nationwide IT network , and the universities create new connections between biotech , robotics , nanotech , smart power grids and the rest , Samsung and other Korean firms devise transformative electronic devices that are practical realizations of the same sort of radical convergence technologies that are pioneered at universities like SNU and KAIST .
As Korea ’s infrastructure is turned into a vast information network , it ’s easy to envision Samsung smartphones serving as the citizen ’s interface to this new informational environment .
Transportation , medicine , power , education — everything integrated into a single pool of knowledge , available to everyone via increasingly intelligent pocket - sized devices .
Indeed , Samsung researchers are currently discussing the creation of AI software for turning smartphones into smart agents that communicate both reactively and proactively : telling the user what she needs to know when she needs to know it , and even carrying out communications for the user when she ’s not available to do it herself .
While not as well known as Sony ’s ( now defunct ) AIBO and Qrio or Honda ’s ASIMO , Samsung has its own line of humanoid robots , the Mahru bots .
The latest , Mahru - Z , was created by engineers at KAIST building on earlier Samsung systems , and serves as a robot maid .
You Bum - Jae , head of KAIST ’s cognitive robot centre at the Korea Institute of Science and Technology , brags : “ It recognizes people , can turn on microwave ovens , washing machines and toasters , and also pick up sandwiches , cups and whatever else it senses as objects . ”
Mahru - Z is not yet ready for commercial dissemination , but it ’s clearly a serious step toward Korea ’s stated goal of “ a robot in every home by 2020 . ”
If , in fact , robots will be in every home , they ’ll need to know how to interact with humans emotionally as well as physically .
Last summer I had the opportunity to learn something about Samsung ’s efforts in this regard , when Samsung engineer Hyun - Ryong Jung attended the Artificial General Intelligence Summer School that I hosted at Xiamen University in China .
Among other topics , Jung told us about his work with Georgia Tech scientists implementing mathematical emotion models for humanoid robots .
These models are inspired by cognitive science , but adapted to the particular requirements of digital beings and their interactions with humans .
Among the interesting results found via studying the interactions of emotional robots and humans , Georgia Tech researchers demonstrated that younger people do better than older ones at recognizing emotions from robots ’ facial expressions .
And there are equally fascinating possibilities on the nano - bio side .
Samsung engineers recently filed a patent for carbon nanotube electron emitters , perhaps intended for use in a new generation of display screens .
On the other hand , researchers in Israel and the US are now exploring the viability of carbon nanotubes as a tool for brain - computer interfacing : connecting computer chips to brain matter .
The convergence possibilities here are obvious .
Samsung cranial implants , coming soon to an Interweb near you ?
Or more prosaically , how about bold new devices allowing the blind to see , the deaf to hear far more clearly than cochlear implants , the financial trader and the biologist to experience the markets and the genome as immediately as we perceive the trees in the forest .
Korea ’s Role in the Transnational Multilarity
Aside from the robot in every home , what might Korea look like in 2020 or 2025 , when it ’s powered by the government ’s infrastructure / information integration , the convergence research insights of SNU and Kaist , and the technologies of Samsung and other firms ?
Smartphones connecting not only with every other citizen , but every part of the country ’s infrastructure ?
And , following the notion of the “ internet of things , ” every object as well ?
How about not merely having robots in every home ( the grandchildren of Mahru - Z ) but homes that are robots ?
Not to mention factories , trains , buses , and cars with intelligence rivaling the people who operate them ( or should we say , co-operate with them ? )
Nanotube connections spanning ubiquitous computing fabric and brain matter ?
Smart power grids that fix their own breakdowns and send power where it ’s going to be needed , inventing new routing algorithms on the fly ?
Virtual assistants that do our digital gruntwork and teach us new skills ?
Digital textbots instead of digital textbooks ?
As always , the details are hard to foresee — but with the heady mix of convergent ideas and technologies that ’s brewing , it ’s easy to estimate that some collection of interlocking , amazing things will occur , binding together bio , nano , info and cogno on multiple levels ranging from the individual and her smartphone up to the whole integrated IT networked “ national organism . ”
A few months ago , I wrote an article for this magazine on the “ Chinese Singularity , ” exploring the possibility that the Singularity will be launched by Chinese researchers .
Now I ’m lauding Korea .
What gives ?
Of course , the Singularity is n’t likely to be created by any one nation alone .
In fact , it will look like a Singularity only from a distance .
Up close , it will be more of a “ Multilarity , ” a network of separate but coupled radical advances , occurring at different places and times , building on each other and nudging each other forward .
China has a huge pool of researchers , and a willingness to fund innovation , which makes it a likely place to spawn breakthroughs .
What Korea has going for it , according to my analysis , is a bit different , but related : a genius for technology transfer , for proceeding rapidly and effectively on the border of research and advanced development .
This is also an American strength , but the Koreans do it with their own particular flavor , which has proved dramatically successful in some domains .
For instance , Korean university labs have world - class hardware and do world - class science , but one thing that really sets them apart from comparable labs I ’ve seen in other countries is the effectiveness of their industry - university collaboration .
The Mahru - Z robo-maid , built at KAIST on foundations laid by Samsung , is a perfect example .
And no nation equals Korea in terms of its passion for rolling out advanced technologies nationwide , for turning idea into infrastructure .
The “ next Korean miracle , ” if I ’m right , will not be about manufacturing or electronic technology , so much as about the real world applied integration of various advanced technologies .
Korea is putting money and attention specifically into making various technologies work synergistically together to do exciting things .
I predict this will pay off for Korean firms like Samsung , for Korean universities like SNU and KAIST , for the nation as a whole with its IT - networked infrastructure … and of course , for the world at large , which is becoming increasingly integrated and technologically convergent .
I spent a little while searching for a clever Korean proverb to close out this article .
I found some gems like “ Do n’t start your meal with the kimchi . ”
But the one I found to be most appropriate was rather simple , and I ’ll show it here in the beautiful Korean alphabet , which is itself a masterwork of applied engineering , and arguably the most sensible alphabet of any major language :
“ After great tribulations comes great pleasure ” — or more simply , “ hard work brings success . ”
A demo for Just Cause 2 is coming to the PlayStation Network , Steam , and Xbox Live next week , giving players 35 square miles of the Lautan Lama Desert , packed with plenty of things to do , see , and blow - up .
Advertisement
Just Cause 2 is n't due out in North America until March 23 , but Avalanche Studios and Square Enix are so eager to get the game into your hands that they 're giving you a literal sandbox to play in on March 4 .
Featuring a 35 square mile segment of the game 's 400 square mile islands , the demo gives players free reign to do whatever they 'd like to do however they 'd like to do it .
The area is littered with towns , military installations , mountains , and missions , with numerous vehicles and weapons at your disposal and one of the game 's 50 colonels waiting for you to take him down .
It even houses one full , multi-stage mission that begins with the infiltration of a base and ends with a car chase through the desert .
Advertisement
It sounds like it could be the most fun you 've had playing a demo in ages .
I 'm looking forward to spending countless hours seeing how far I can fall before opening my chute .
" An Englishman 's home is his castle " was a legal principle founded in 1604 after the famous Semayne 's case : it gave protection to householders from bailiffs breaking down their doors in pursuit of money and goods .
Of course its antiquity meant that Labour ignored the symbolic and practical importance of the tradition and busily set about allowing pretty much any peeping Tom , Dick or Harry to enter your home .
In the Lords last week Lord Selsdon produced the results of years of research into who has power of entry .
Introducing a bill that would allow entry only allowed if authorised by the judge or magistrate , he revealed that about 1,200 powers of entry existed in dozens of different acts .
His proposal would limit entry to a maximum of four officials in working hours or between 8 am and 1 pm on a Saturday .
That would certainly tidy up the appalling mess created by Labour 's abhorrence of privacy and personal sanctuary .
Lord Selsdon , one of 90 hereditary peers , said the problem was that no one knew exactly how many powers of entry there were , and added : " Worse than that , the householder has no idea either .
The householder feels more and more insecure .
He fears the knock on the door . "
The powers of entry bill received backing from every quarter except the government , which in the shape of Lord Brett , unsurprisingly an ID - card zealot representing the Home Office , said the bill amounted to an " inflexible approach " .
The Tory peer Lord Skelmesdale summarised the feelings of many : " Powers of entry have become so widespread and so draconian over this government 's time in office that there has arisen a considerable amount of unease , to put it mildly , both in and outside parliament . "
The bill seems unlikely to become law without government support .
What needs to happen now is that both Tories and Liberal Democrats commit to legislation in the new parliament that restores the sanctity of an individual 's home and makes sure that it can only be breached with the householder 's permission , or some proper legal authority .
This may seem a small point , but an important piece of protection and a psychological shield were lost when these powers of entry were promiscuously included in so many laws .
Business Fundas
Business Fundas is an educational initiative on business & management .
Our authors are full time educators from top QS ranked universities and practitioners from multinational enterprises , who engage in blogging only as a hobby .
We have articles on on strategy , marketing , supply chain , technology management , finance , insurance , social media , digitization and operations .
To partner with us , please email us at editor.webposts@gmail.com
So , if you 're happy to see your award restored do n't forget to tell Jinny how awesome she is !
Had to add the again part as this is actually the second time the Awards database has had to be redone from scratch .
The heroine of the day is none other than Jezebel , who wrapped her hands around the data she was given , recreated each past award in the system , then came back through and reassigned them to everyone who had ever had one .
Now if you think that 's a small job let me just say that at the time the rebuild was started we had created more than 255 individual awards which were assigned to 828 accounts , some with several awards .
Those using tablets and smartphones can again use the site with the complete menu without having part of the site cutoff from view .
With that said there are further plans to be implemented regarding mobile browsers , but for the time being things are working as expected in that they are similar to the previous software .
A ' responsive ' version will come in the future .
Details Written by Rachel Category : News Published : 06 May 2014 Hits : 5068 Print
Print Email
When you have a forced deadline , no time for help , and barely enough time to do the necessary task you just have to take care of the basic needs .
While the appearance is definitely far from perfect it is at least functional for the time being .
In addition , though the Library is still currently offline when it does return to service it will not be connected to the member database .
What does that mean ?
Well , you can try to log in all you like , but you will keep getting messages about how there is no such account .
Unfortunately this is something we could no longer avoid due to the timeline given by our host to upgrade specific software or have the site disabled .
The good news is the software in question is now done for .
The bad news is after 12 hours at the keyboard and 30 hours awake I am calling it a day .
So have fun , enjoy poking around , just remember there 's more to come in the next few months .
ELECTRONICS AND ACCESSORIES PC
Accessories & Top - Brand Electronics
Find the latest PC Accessories and Electronics designed to enhance your everyday needs whether at work , home or on the go .
Ghana – The E - Waste Computer Dump For The World
Have you ever wondered where old computers end up ?
The suburb of Agbogbloshie in Ghana ’s capital , Accra , has in recent years bacome a dumping ground for computers and electronic waste from Europe and the US .
Hundreds of tons of e-waste end up here every month as countries in the West attempt to unload their ever increasing stockpiles of toxic junk .
Of the 20 to 50 million tons of electronics discarded each year 70 % will end up in poor nations , and in the EU alone 6.6 million tins of e-waste are unaccounted for every year .
Increasingly this e-waste is finding it ’s way to West Africa and countries like Ghana , Nigeria and Ivory Coast .
Traders bypass international laws by labeling the equipment as second - hand goods or charity donations , but , in reality as much as 80 % of the computers sent to Ghana are broken or obsolete .
Their final resting place is Agbogbloshie dump where they are broken apart , mostly by children , to salvage the copper , hard drives and other components that can be sold on .
The disposal of electronic goods in the West is a costly affair and must be done in an environmentally responsible manner , however in places like Ghana there are no such regulations ans as such toxic metals like lead beryllium , causing untold damage human health and the environment .
{ youtube}pr1zQrXM_7s{/ youtube}
Source : www.andrewmcconnell.com
PORT AU PRINCE , Haiti — Approaching Port au Prince , the signs of a real disaster became apparent — demolished buildings teetered at unreal angles , people in shock walked aimlessly through the devastated city with their remaining belongings balanced on their heads .
Chaos reigned .
Traffic was gridlocked as motorists fought for any remaining available fuel .
Most buildings were pancaked , as if a nuclear device had gone off .
Corpses , four days old , burned in the street .
The unforgettable , sickly sweet smell of death permeated the air .
Food , water , shelter , fuel and electricity were nearly non-existent .
The order of the day was simply survival within chaos — a search for basic needs .
There were riots as relief began to trickle in ; corpses , bloating in the tropical heat , began to pose health risks to the survivors and relief workers .
Armed groups of men prowled for loot , while scavengers picked through the rubble searching for remnants of destroyed lives .
Entire families perished inside their homes ; the survivors walked the city center in a daze , overcome by grief .
( See the aftermath of the quake in Haiti through another photographer 's lens . )
As the scale of the disaster became clear , international media poured into the city , putting a further drain on already thin resources .
Thousands of emergency amputations were performed in the first week , as compound fractures became infected .
Medical specialists were in demand , and antibiotics were scarce .
Amid the horror and death , amazing stories of survival and resilience emerged — an 83 - year - old man was pulled alive from the rubble , a young family dug themselves out and then began rescue efforts .
Doctors and relief workers entrenched themselves for the long response and recovery effort ahead .
Following is a collection of images documenting the weeks after the disaster .
Photojournalist Tim Freccia traveled to Haiti on Jan. 14 , two days after a 7.0 earthquake struck the country .
Today ’s High Court ruling that Article 50 should not be triggered by the government but rather must be mulled over and decided on by MPs is being presented as a mere technical decision .
It ’s just about ins and outs .
It ’s about practicalities , not politics .
It ’s about the ‘ procedure and policy ’ of how we leave the EU , says one of the filthy - rich claimants who took this Brexitphobic court action .
They really must believe their own propaganda about us Brexit - backing plebs being ‘ low information ’ ( Forbes ) and ‘ ignoramuses ’ ( Richard Dawkins ) if they think we ’re going to buy this .
We are n’t .
This court action , and the glee it ’s being greeted with by media and political haters of Brexit , is 100 per cent political , to its core .
It ’s motivated far less by a love for legally clean procedure than by a naked disdain for ordinary people and our democratic authority .
It ’s not a blow for box - ticking ; it ’s a blow against what we the people said in the ballot box on 23 June .
The notion that this case was a school - prefect - style stab for a clean , constitutional Brexit is shot down by the fact that it was brought by devoted Remainers .
The super - wealthy spearhead of the case , Gina Miller , says she was made ‘ physically sick ’ by Brexit .
She says the dim - witted decision to leave the EU , taken by 17.4 million people , is a result of our having been ‘ lied to ’ ( ie , we were brainwashed ) and then choosing to do some ‘ venting of anger ’ ( ie , we behaved emotionally ) .
Miller has been hailed ‘ woman of the century ’ by influential Remainers who are dedicated to diluting or even thwarting Brexit .
And the court ’s decision is being celebrated by Remainers who want to hold up ( rather than uphold ) the people ’s will .
This is a ‘ great moment for parliament ’ , says philosopher turned hater of democracy AC Grayling , since it means ‘ MPs acting from courage and conviction [ can ] stop Brexit ’ .
And they say with a straight face that it ’s ‘ about process , not politics ’ .
They really do think we ’re idiots .
They really think we cannot see through their low , cynical marshalling of the law to prevent democracy , to stop politics , to undermine us .
The most laughable argument being pushed by these pleaders with white - haired judges to block the passions of the mob is that they ’re standing up for parliamentary sovereignty .
They pose as democrats who simply want to preserve the authority of parliament over the say - so of a single PM .
With fantastic Orwellianism , one of the campaign groups that begged the High Court judge to hold up the political desires of the moronic masses calls itself ‘ The People ’s Challenge ’ .
Pro-parliamentary sovereignty ?
Come off it .
These are the very same pro-EU types who watched and clapped for years as parliamentary sovereignty was watered down through the EU and who branded as xenophobic or a Little Englander anyone who said , ‘ Wait , should n’t our parliament be properly sovereign ?’.
They have no attachment whatsoever to the fundamentals of parliamentary sovereignty .
They ’re only interested in it now because they hope , desperately , that MPs , a majority of whom are Remainers , will vote down what they view as the calamity of Brexit .
That is , they ’re drawn to parliamentary sovereignty as a potential tool for undermining the demos , for opposing the people , for acting against democracy .
They seem not to realise that if parliamentarians were to override or even slow down the will of the majority this would call into question the entire moral legitimacy of parliament .
It would devastate its democratic and moral remit , the very thing we fought wars and beheaded a king to preserve , which is derived precisely from the throng that these elitists view with such unconcealed disgust .
Parliamentary sovereignty is n’t some academic , legalistic idea that judges defend and allow : it is us made political flesh , the institutional expression of the spirit of the people .
For MPs to act against Brexit would violently intensify cynicism of institutions and bring about a crisis of democracy of the kind Britain has n’t experienced for a very long time .
Yet this is the price some Remainers are willing to pay to stop Brexit : the hollowing - out of the historic spirit of parliament .
The truth is that parliamentary sovereignty was exercised when parliament agreed to hold a referendum and to distribute pamphlets which openly stated : ‘ The government will implement what you decide . ’
This act of parliamentary sovereignty entrusted the fate of the EU to the people , and now this must be acted on — fully and swiftly , because the people want it , not because a judge thinks it might be feasible at a certain point .
Let ’s stop talking in euphemisms .
Let ’s park the blather about ‘ procedure ’ and ‘ process ’ .
What is happening here is that well - connected , well - off people are using the courts to stymie the democratic will .
It is a straight - up assault on democracy , of the sort that when it happens in Latin America or Asia the very Remainers currently cheering our wise judges would shake their heads and say : ‘ Why are those foreigners so uncivilised ? ’
The court case is a disgrace .
It ’s anti-democratic , anti-politics , fuelled by a dread of the demos and by feelings of ‘ physical sickness ’ for what the majority of people think and want .
We make them puke .
The majority calmly discussed the EU , made a decision , and voted against it .
And yet they ’ve been ceaselessly defamed as ‘ low information ’ and ‘ racist ’ and have watched as their decision has been undermined and held up and relentlessly delegitimised by academics , lawmen and politicians .
What must we do to make ourselves heard ?
To be taken seriously ?
If the ballot box does n’t work , maybe it ’s time for the streets ?
​ Washington , D.C. , would allow patients to have up to two ounces of marijuana a month — enough for about two joints a day — for medical use under a bill that moved forward Tuesday .
Patients would not be allowed to grow their own cannabis under the bill , but a committee would study whether to allow home cultivation by patients and caregivers , and make a recommendation by 2012 , reports Malin Berghult at WUSA9
The bill , which was approved by two city government committees on Tuesday , still needs approval of the full City Council .
That could come as early as May .
D.C. voters approved an initiative legalizing medical marijuana in 1998 , but Congress blocked its implementation until last December .
Average of 5 out of 5 stars
In his February Vanity Fair hitpiece , Christopher Hitchens argues that the post - 9/11 world has driven Gore Vidal ‘ Loco ’ – the signs , he says , were always there , but 9/11 and events thereafter ‘ accentuated a crackpot strain that gradually asserted itself as dominant . ’
Hitchens begins his missive with Gore ’s take on 9/11 itself , in which he ‘ insinuated or asserted that the administration had known in advance of the attacks on New York and Washington and was seeking a pretext to build a long - desired pipeline across Afghanistan . ’
And then Hitchens goes on , drawing on Vidal ’s October 2009 interview with Johann Hari :
‘ He openly says that the Bush administration was ‘ probably ’ in on the 9/11 attacks , a criminal complicity that would “ certainly fit them to a T ” ; that Timothy McVeigh was “ a noble boy , ” no more murderous than Generals Patton and Eisenhower ; and that “ Roosevelt saw to it that we got that war ” by inciting the Japanese to attack Pearl Harbor .
Coming a bit more up - to - date , Vidal says that the whole American experiment can now be described as “ a failure ” ; the country will soon take its place “ somewhere between Brazil and Argentina , where it belongs ” ; President Obama will be buried in the wreckage - broken by “ the madhouse ” - after the United States has been humiliated in Afghanistan and the Chinese emerge supreme .
We shall then be “ the Yellow Man ’s burden , ” and Beijing will “ have us running the coolie cars , or whatever it is they have in the way of transport . ” ’
Gore Vidal has ‘ descended straight to the cheap , and even to the counterfeit ’ , becoming a peddler of ‘ crank - revisionist and denialist history ’ in an ‘ awful , spiteful and miserable way ’ .
His writing and speaking witnesses ‘ the utter want of any grace or generosity ’ , the ‘ entire absence of any wit or profundity ’ , all replaced by ‘ sarcastic , tired flippancy ’ and ‘ lugubrious resentment ’ .
Even a cursory reading of Hitchens ’s attack leaves a distasteful residue on the tongue - Gore Vidal is now eighty - five ; has lost of the use of his legs ; and lost his partner of 50 years .
It is unsurprising that his irony is more cutting , his criticisms more caustic , and his tone more inflexible .
Hitchens approach , however , is to relentlessly kick an old man when he ’s down , rather than to engage critically and constructively with what his still sharp mind has learned .
Indeed , while denigrating Gore , Hitchens displays a chronic contempt for simple matters of fact and evidence .
Let ’s start with Vidal ’s supposedly ‘ crackpot ’ scepticism of the Bush administration ’s narrative of 9/11 .
Obfuscating the Failures Behind 9/11
Hitchens conveniently overlooks Vidal ’s axiomatic acceptance that the attacks were carried about by Islamist terrorists : ‘... our policies were such that we were going to have a lot of crazy people out there in the Arab world who were going to try to blow us up , because of crimes they feel we committed against them .
Any fool could see it coming .
And I ’m sufficiently a fool to have seen it . ’
It is only in this context that Gore describes bin Laden as ‘ still not the proven mastermind . ’
Hitchens thinks this is self - evidently absurd , but it would seem the FBI agree with Gore , not Hitchens : according to Sonoma State University ’s Project Censored , one of the top 25 censored news stories of 2008 was that ‘ He [ bin Laden ] has not been formally indicted and charged in connection with 9/11 because the FBI has no hard evidence connecting bin Laden to 9/11 . ’
Clearly , this does n’t prove bin Laden was n’t the mastermind , but should give us pause for thought about why the evidence is n’t so forthcoming .
On that note , it is a matter of record that the intelligence community received advanced warnings of the attacks .
In Gore Vidal ’s extended piece for the London Observer ( currently hosted on eleven term Washington Congressman Hon. Rep. Jim McDermott ’s website ) he draws on my interview with former chief investigative counsel for the US House Judiciary Committee , David Schippers , who impeached President Bill Clinton .
Schippers was approached by senior FBI agents in late July 2001 complaining that their investigations into an imminent al - Qaeda terrorist attack targeting the ‘ financial district ’ of ‘ lower Manhattan ’ were blocked from Washington .
Schippers ’ story was corroborated by investigative journalist Greg Palast , who reported for BBC Newsnight and the Guardian that pre-9/11 FBI investigations into the terrorist connections of Saudi royals and the bin Laden family were also blocked ‘ for political reasons ’ .
Gagged FBI translator Sibel Edmonds , whose courageous whistleblowing on US intelligence corruption was also featured in a Vanity Fair cover- story , has similarly said that the FBI had ‘ real , specific ’ advanced warning of the 9/11 attacks .
Documents she translated clearly ‘ showed that the Sept. 11 hijackers were in the country and plotting to use airplanes as missiles .
The documents also included information relating to their financial activities ’ - contradicting Condoleezza
Rice ’s now notorious pretence that US intelligence knew of no ‘ possibility that terrorists might use airplanes as missiles ’ .
Hitchens similarly ignores that three months before 9/11 , US officials warned the Taliban of a US military strike in October 2001 if they did n’t join up with the Northern Alliance .
That warning came on the back of a series of negotiations involving UNOCAL from 1996 to 2000 , to build a pipeline from Central Asia through Afghanistan to Pakistan .
We now know , thanks to journalists like Ahmed Rashid and politicians like Congressman Dana Rohrabacher , that the US had covertly sponsored the Taliban in the ( evidently vain ) hope they might bring the ‘ stability ’ necessary for the trans - Afghan pipeline .
And according to Forbes ( 19 January 2005 ) , ‘ Since the US - led offensive that ousted the Taliban from power , the project has been revived and drawn strong US support ’ as it would allow the Central Asian republics to export energy to Western markets ‘ without relying on Russian routes ’ .
The problem remains that the southern section of the proposed pipeline runs through territory still de facto controlled by Taliban forces .
Gore never jumps to any specific conclusions around such evidence , but instead simply provokes the reader in his inimitable fashion : ‘ Conspiracy ?
Coincidence !’
Protecting the Politicization and Corruption of Intelligence
Indeed , the pre-9/11 intelligence failure was not simply because of a lack of reliable intelligence , or because intelligence bureaucracy was hopelessly incompetent ( which it was and is ) , but ultimately because the Bush administration made political decisions that obstructed critical intelligence investigations and ongoing information - sharing that could have prevented 9/11 .
Those decisions were made to protect vested interests linked to US support of Islamist extremist networks like the Taliban and their state - sponsors , such as the Gulf kingdoms , rooted in Western oil dependency and intersecting financial investments .
The inadequacy of the 9/11 Commission investigation , in this regard , is an open secret to many intelligence experts .
In the words of 27 - year CIA veteran and former Chairman of the National Intelligence Estimate Ray McGovern , ‘ The 9/11 report is a joke .
The question is :
What ’s being covered up ?
Is it gross malfeasance , gross negligence ?
Now there are a whole bunch of unanswered questions . ’
As other whistleblowers such as the FBI ’s Coleen Rowley and Robert Wright have said , the problem was the politicization and corruption of the intelligence system - a reality which reared its ugly head yet again in the Iraq - WMD fable , also thoroughly documented by George Washington University ’s National Security Archive , which found that ‘ the public relations push for war came before the intelligence analysis , which then conformed to public positions taken by Pentagon and White House officials . ’
This assessment is corroborated by multiple senior CIA officials , including the former highest ranking CIA officer in Europe , Tyler Drumheller , who said that when incoming information proved ‘ there were no active weapons of mass destruction programs ’ , the White House group dealing with preparation for the Iraq war said ‘ Well , this is n’t about intel anymore .
This is about regime change . ’
Drumheller observes : ‘ The policy was set .
The war in Iraq was coming , and they were looking for intelligence to fit into the policy . ’
But particularly since 9/11 , reality has never been Hitchens ’s strong point .
Failing entirely to have learned his lesson over Iraq War 2003 , in relation to which he was a leading protagonist , he now continues to pontificate on Iran , lambasting the findings of successive National Intelligence Estimates to the effect that there is scant evidence of an Iranian nuclear weapons programme .
Opining that ‘ for most of the duration of the Iraq debate , the CIA was all but openly hostile to any argument for regime - change in Baghdad ’ ( ignoring that the reason for this was precisely the lack of evidence ) he superimposes the same twisted logic on the Iran scenario :
‘ Why , then , have our intelligence agencies helped to give the lying Iranian theocracy the appearance of a clean bill , while simultaneously and publicly ( and with barely concealed relish ) embarrassing the president and crippling his policy ?
It is not just a hypothetical strike on Iran that is rendered near - impossible by this estimate , but also the likelihood of any concerted diplomatic or economic pressure , as well . ’
Due to the CIA ’s failure to generate a convenient justification for Total War on Iran , Hitchens entitles his piece , ‘ Abolish the CIA ’ , and declares : ‘ The system is worse than useless - it ’s a positive menace .
We need to shut the whole thing down and start again . ’
So the CIA should be abolished not for extra-judicial assassinations or torture or anything like that , but because … it does n’t tow the neocon line on unilateral pre-emptive warfare !?
Perhaps we should also abolish the FBI for failing to indict bin Laden for 9/11 .
Or abolish the entire Western intelligence community for lampooning the widely debunked neocon allegation , supported by self - anointed crystal - ball intel - gazer Hitchens , that 9/11 chief bomber Mohamed Atta was linked to Saddam Hussein .
Or abolish the British Ministry of Defence , whose Chief Scientific Adviser described the Lancet study finding of 655,000 Iraqi civilian deaths as ‘ robust ’ and methodologically ‘ close to best practice ’ - the same study hysterically described by Hitchens as ‘ politicized hack - work ’ , a ‘ crazed fabrication ’ , and ‘ conclusively and absolutely shown to be false ’ .
While we ’re at it , let ’s abolish the BBC for reporting the MoD ’s inconvenient opinion .
Notice the pattern - the need for war is an unquestionable given ; those who pull the rug out from under the war - machine by pointing out the emperor ’s brazen nudity are committing ‘ treason ’ .
Yet it is the impassioned concern for evidence , and for the well - being of Americans and the world , that motivates Gore ’s discussions about issues like Pearl Harbour , Timothy McVeigh , and the collapse of the American empire .
Historical Revisionism : From Pearl Harbour to the Lusitania
Here , again , we see Hitchens incapable of even - handedness .
On Pearl Harbour , Vidal ’s remark ‘ Roosevelt saw to it that we got that war ! ’ is a call to question the received wisdom about a historical debate that still continues .
His disquiet reflects some of the views of high - ranking officials in Roosevelt ’s own administration , such as Vice - Admiral Frank E. Beatty , aide to Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox , who wrote in 1954 in US News and World Report :
‘ Prior to December 7 , it was evident even to me ... that we were pushing Japan into a corner .
I believed that it was the desire of President Roosevelt , and Prime Minister Churchill that we get into the war , as they felt the Allies could not win without us and all our efforts to cause the Germans to declare war on us failed ; the conditions we imposed upon Japan - to get out of China , for example - were so severe that we knew that nation could not accept them .
We were forcing her so severely that we could have known that she would react toward the United States .
All her preparations in a military way - and we knew their over - all import - pointed that way . ’
This perspective , we should note , neither contradicts nor fully supports the conclusion that Roosevelt specifically provoked and knew about the attack on Pearl Harbour as such - rather it suggests that Pearl Harbour occurred as a consequence , surprise or not , of US provocation .
There is a lesson in this , as in Gore Vidal ’s wise remark that ‘ In geopolitics as in physics , there is no action without reaction ’ .
If Gore ’s scepticism about Pearl Harbour represents a ‘ crackpot ’ strain , then what do Hitchens ’s writings about the sinking of the Lusitania in his Blood , Class and Empire ( 2004 ) say about him ?
Hitchens points to how the US sank its own ship , the USS Maine , in Havana as a pretext for the Spanish - American War .
This was precedent for Winston Churchill ’s ‘ pivotal role ’ in the Lusitania deception , a ‘ psychological warfare ’ operation that ‘ prepared United States public opinion for a war on the terrain of old Europe ’ by placing the ship in the line of German fire .
He concludes ominously :
‘ I am reluctantly driven to the conclusion that there was a conspiracy deliberately to put the Lusitania at risk in the hope that even an abortive attack on her would bring the United States into war .
Such a conspiracy could not have been put into effect without Winston Churchill ’s express permission and approval . ’
Talk about pot calling the kettle black ?
Whether either of them is right or wrong , compared to Hitchens ’s repeated , heated , solemn references to ‘ conspiracy ’ , Gore is far more measured , albeit laden with a heavy - dose of the blackest irony .
Misconstruing McVeigh
Similarly , on Gore ’s reference to Timothy McVeigh as a ‘ noble boy ’ : Lazily as usual , Hitchens relies only on the solitary interview with Hari , but Gore ’s off - hand comments to Hari about McVeigh are simply an ironic snapshot of a thoughtful , well - documented analysis printed in Vanity Fair in the same month as 9/11 , where Gore points to US authorities ’ attempts to deflect attention from a much wider plot .
Gore refers to a ‘ classified report prepared by two independent Pentagon experts ’ concluding that the 1995 Oklahoma bombing ‘ was caused by five separate bombs ’ with a ‘ Middle Eastern “ signature ” ’ .
Sources close to the study ‘ say Timothy McVeigh did play a role in the bombing but “ peripherally ” , as a “ useful idiot ” ’ .
Gore ’s argument is not to laud over McVeigh ’s role in this heinous atrocity , but to highlight that his desire for revenge against Waco and so forth was part of a simplified self - righteous moral framework manipulated by a wider terrorist network for its own ends ; a self - righteous moral framework that has often plagued Western foreign policy with its callousness about ‘ collateral damage ’ in the South .
Alas , it seems such nuances are beyond Hitchens ’s own selectively bankrupt moral framework .
Triumphant Denialism
This hypocritical selectiveness is evident again when Hitchens attempts to laud over the supposedly self - evident preposterousness of Gore ’s prediction that the US will end up ‘ somewhere between Brazil and Argentina ’ , the empire collapsing militarily in Afghanistan and internally when China calls in US debt .
Yet over a year ago , in the midst of the financial storm , Hitchens himself wrote that the meltdown will put the US ‘ on a par with Zimbabwe , Venezuela and Equatorial Guinea . ’
He even refers reverentially to Milton Friedman - and Gore Vidal ! - for coming up with the phrase ‘ socialism for the rich and free enterprise for the rest ’ to describe the ‘ collusion between the overweening state and certain favored monopolistic concerns ’ : a condition characterising the US , and thus grounds for defining it as a ‘ banana republic ’ .
But when Gore Vidal says the same , with greater prescience , precision and panache , it is for Hitchens evidence of his craziness .
Given
Gore ’s one - time playful endorsement of Hitchens as his literary ‘ successor ’ ( erased by Gore himself with the recent apt observation ‘ You know , he identified himself for many years as the heir to me .
And unfortunately for him , I did n’t die .
I just kept going on and on and on .’) , one detects more than a hint of jealous dejection here , perhaps for Gore ’s unique ability to deploy just a few witty turns of phrase to capture harsh truths .
Such as Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Admiral Mike Mullen ’s warning to US Congress about the Afghan War that ‘ We ca n’t kill our way to victory ’ or that ‘ We ’re not winning ... and if we ’re not winning we ’re losing ’ ; not to mention Obama advisor and former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker ’s sobering observation that China ’s economic rise underscores a decline in US ‘ economic ’ and ‘ intellectual ’ leadership : ‘ I do n’t know how we accommodate ourselves to it ’ , Volcker told Bloomberg News .
‘ You can not be dependent upon these countries for three to four trillion dollars of your debt and think that they ’re going to be passive observers of whatever you do ’ .
Alas , it seems , all this is simply beyond Hitchens ’s hopelessly impaired cognitive faculties .
Ahmed Vs Hitchens
Hitchens ’s contempt for reality is also evident from his bizarre misrepresentations about myself , motivated to discredit Gore ’s reference to my work in his Observer piece .
I am casually described as follows : ‘... a risible individual wedded to half - baked conspiracy - mongering , his “ Institute ” a one - room sideshow in the English seaside town of Brighton , and his publisher an outfit called “ Media Monitors Network ” in association with “ Tree of Life , ” whose now - deceased Web site used to offer advice on the ever awkward question of self - publishing , ’ my writings ‘ wild - eyed and croaking stuff ’ .
Hitchens conveniently overlooks the fact that I am at the Department of International Relations , University of Sussex ( Brighton ) ; that my ‘ one - room sideshow ’
Institute is based in London Marylebone and advised by a board of 20 leading scholars ; and that Media Monitors Network is not ‘ deceased ’ at all , but remains a flourishing alternative news website .
After I informed him of these and other facts in a letter to the editor at Vanity Fair , Hitchens responded by insisting : ‘ When he brought out The War on Freedom , its place of publication was given as a distinctly unassuming street address in Brighton .
I did not say that his publisher was deceased but that its then Web site was no more . ’
My letter of reply , as yet unpublished , stated as follows : ‘ He is either hallucinating or pretending .
The book was published in Joshua Tree , California , as clearly stated inside .
He thus demonstrates that he has never even seen a copy of my book , let alone read it .
He also forgets that in his original article , he located my Institute in Brighton , not the publisher , whose website is alive and well .
In any case , these trivial details that Hitchens prevaricates over have no relevance to my credibility or lack thereof . ’
In The War on Freedom ( 2002 ) , I merely laid out facts and lines of inquiry for an official investigation .
The book was the first read by the Jersey Girls , informing their work with the 9/11 Family Steering Committee , and is part of the 9/11 Commission Collection at the US National Archives ( a collection of 99 books , copies of which were provided to each Commissioner ) .
Hitchens particularly objects to what he describes as the book ’s ‘ pathetically conspiratorial rambling about the behavior of the military and Federal Aviation Administration that day ’ , which he thinks ‘ has since been utterly refuted by a long and exhaustive article , “ 9/11 Live : The Norad Tapes ” by Michael Bronner in Vanity Fair ( September 2006 ) . ’
Actually , in The War on Freedom , I argued that the behaviour of Gen. Richard Myers , Dick Cheney , George W Bush , among other senior officials , during the attacks on that terrible day amounted to a systemic dereliction of duty .
If , for instance , then - Commander - in - chief President Bush had got involved in the US air force response as soon as he was informed of the first WTC attack , rather than notoriously chatting to children about a pet goat , the US air force may have been able to respond sooner and more coherently , potentially saving lives now lost .
I have used the term ‘ complicity ’ to characterize this dismal failure in the strict sense of criminal law - the US legal definition of complicity applies ‘ when someone is legally accountable , or liable for a criminal offense , based upon the behavior of another ’ , and is implied specifically in the following sense : ‘... having a legal duty to prevent the commission of the offense , a person fails to make an effort he is legally required to make .
’
Instead of engaging with the fact of systemic senior official negligence on 9/11 , for which officials should be held accountable , Hitchens skirts over it by valiantly critiquing a straw - man conspiracy theory about 9/11 being a ‘ pre- arrangement involving the United States government ’ .
In The War on Truth ( 2005 ) , I elaborate , blaming the failure of US air defence on a collapse of standard operating procedures linked to confusion over various hijack exercises and simulations on 9/11 .
This argument is corroborated by Bronner ’s excellent investigation of the 9/11 NORAD tapes , cited by Hitchens , which reports that throughout the attacks pilots thought they were dealing with a simulation and had to keep checking that ‘ inputs ’ on the screen were in fact real hijackings .
Due to the excessive privatization of the US national security apparatus , a company such as Ptech - financed by indicted Saudi al - Qaeda terrorist and bin Laden supporter Yassin al - Qadi - was granted high - level security clearance by its clients which included the Pentagon , FAA , and US Air Force .
Ptech , which was investigated by the FBI in relation to 9/11 , specialised in integration software solutions and had access to some of the most sensitive computer systems across the US government .
Ptech ’s links to these security holes which could have been exploited by al - Qaeda on 9/11 were ignored by the 9/11 Commission .
The fact that the Pentagon continued to do business with Ptech even after 9/11 and despite the FBI ’s investigations , illustrates an ongoing dereliction of duty and continued politicization of the US intelligence system .
Hitchens ’s misrepresention of such lines of inquiry as ‘ conspiracy - mongering ’ does a disservice to the 9/11 victims and their families .
In this context , his screed on Gore Vidal is merely yet another example of Hitchens ’s escalating propensity to project his own increasingly vast distance from reality onto those who object to his war - mongering .
It is not Gore who has ‘ taken a graceless lurch toward the crackpot ’ , in the unabashed words of Vanity Fair ’s introduction to Hitchens ’s outburst .
Rather , it is Hitchens who has become after 9/11 an unhinged and deranged cheerleader for Total War .
After Gore , Hitchens would have himself anointed ‘ emperor ’ .
But it is Hitchens , not the indefatigable Gore Vidal , who staggers and stumbles , shamelessly exposed , screaming nonsensically , through the streets of the American capital .
Dr Nafeez Ahmed is a bestselling author and political analyst specialising in international security issues .
He is Executive Director of the Institute for Policy Research & Development in London , and has taught international relations theory , contemporary history , empire , and globalization at the School of Global Studies , University of Sussex and Brunel University ’s Politics & History Unit .
He is also Strategy Director for Creative Education at Arts Versa Consultants , where he has consulted for projects funded by HM Government ’s Department for Communities for Local Government and the US Embassy in London .
Nafeez ’s books include The War on Freedom ( Progressive , 2002 ) ; Behind the War on Terror ( New Society , 2003 ) ; The War on Truth ( Interlink , 2005 ) ; The London Bombings ( Duckworth , 2006 ) ; and A Users Guide to the Crisis of Civilization , forthcoming from Pluto and Palgrave Macmillian in June 2010 .
Nafeez has been an expert commentator for BBC News 24 , BBC Radio Five Live , BBC World Today , BBC Asian Network , Channel 4 , Sky News , C- SPAN , CNN , FOX News , Bloomberg , PBS Foreign Exchange , Al - Jazeera English , among others .
He has written for the Independent on Sunday , New Internationalist , Raw Story , New Criminologist , Counterpunch , ZNet , Alternet , Op Ed News , Atlantic Free Press and Dissident Voice .
His work is cited and reviewed in the Sunday Times , Times Higher Educational Supplement , Independent , Independent on Sunday , Observer , Big Issue , New York Observer , among others .
Nafeez ’s terrorism research was used by the 9/11 Commission , and he testified in US Congress in summer 2005 .
But it came at a price for the photographer who was diagnosed with horrific tropical diseases bilharzia , malaria twice and several parasites , which he soaked up through the dirty water in the drinking hole
Credit : GREG DU TOIT / BARCROFT
Admittedly , I have been absent from the jello blogosphere for some time .
My new job has been just the new start I needed and has also kept be super busy .
But …. summer is here and with it comes more summer cocktail inspired jellos !
Thus , I give you The French 75 .
An iconic drink of New Orleans made [… ]
Early yesterday morning , the University of California Berkeley Student Senate ( ASUC ) passed a bill to divest from companies that provide military support for the Israeli occupation of Palestine .
Debate began the night before at 9:00 pm and ended and six hours later when the vote was held at 3:00 am .
The session was attended by more than 150 students , educators and concerned community supporters , forcing the meeting to be relocated to a larger room .
Never before has the senate chambers been so overcrowded , signifying the importance and interest in the issue of Israel - Palestine on the Berkeley campus .
Ultimately , the bill passed with 16 senators in favor and 4 against .
During the debate , Rahul Patel , a Student Senator and supporter of the bill from the beginning , said that “ In the 1980s the Berkeley Student Government was a central actor in demanding that the university divest from South African apartheid .
Twenty - five years later , it is a key figure in shaping a nationwide movement against occupation and war crimes around the world . ”
He added that “ Student Government can be a space to mobilize and make decisions that have a significant impact on the international community .
We must utilize these spaces to engage each other about issues of justice worldwide . ”
Emiliano Huet - Vaughn , a Ph.D. student in economics , co-author of the bill and a member of Berkeley ’s Students for Justice in Palestine ( SJP ) , went to Gaza last July .
He explained that the bill was informed by the devastation he witnessed as a result of Israel ’s invasion of Gaza last winter , where civilian infrastructure was systematically targeted including schools , mosques , the education and justice ministries , Gaza ’s main university , hundreds of factories , livestock , prisons , courts and police stations .
Israel ’s invasion resulted in the deaths of 1,440 Palestinians , including more than 400 children , and injuring another 5,380 Palestinians in Gaza .
The bill specifies two companies in particular , United Technologies and General Electric .
It draws a direct connection between Berkeley ’s investments in these companies and their products , used to indiscriminately attack civilians and infrastructure .
Shoaib Kamil , a Ph.D. student in Computer Science explained that “ We are not pushing for divestment from Israel .
This bill is directed at US companies that enable attacks described as ‘ war crimes ’ in the Goldstone report . ”
The Goldstone commission and report , led by respected South African judge Richard Goldstone , was authorized by the United Nations to investigate accusations of war crimes during Israel ’s invasion of Gaza .
The final report , submitted to the UN Human Rights Council last September , found that both Israel and Hamas committed war crimes and called for both to conduct investigations .
However , the Goldstone report was particularly critical of Israel ’s actions , especially the deliberate targeting of civilian infrastructure by the Israeli military .
The ASUC has control over their $ 1.7 million budget and the bill calls for a committee to investigate the investments by the ASUC and the University of California Regents to ensure that no monies are invested in companies that are complicit in war crimes .
Divestment will likely be implemented first by the ASUC .
However , getting the Regents to recognize and implement the students ’ call will be a more difficult task because students have little representation in the Regents ’ decisions .
Ibrahim Shikaki , a Visiting Scholar from Palestine , spoke in favor of the bill although he did not feel that it was written from the Palestinian perspective .
Shikaki explained that “ If this were a Palestinian bill it would have mentioned my grandfather ’s land that was stolen from him , or my friend who was shot ten feet in front of me … or my aunt who for weeks was denied travel to Egypt for cancer treatment . ”
Mahaliyah Ayla O , a gender and women ’s studies major and Jewish member of SJP , voiced her surprise after the bill was passed .
Ayla O said “ It is not that complicated , we should not support corporations that manufacture weapons to oppress people . ”
Last year , the ASUC passed a bill establishing a sisterhood relationship between UC Berkeley and the three universities in Gaza : Al - Aqsa University , Al - Azhar University and the Islamic University of Gaza .
With the passage of this divestment bill , Berkeley students are taking a stand against Israel ’s human rights violations and war crimes and continue Berkeley ’s commitment to being on the vanguard of student activism .
In 1986 , UC Berkeley was one of the first universities to call for a comprehensive divestment from companies that traded with or had operations in apartheid South Africa .
Dina Omar is a UC Berkeley alumni and a member of Students for Justice in Palestine .
She currently works as the Membership Coordinator for the Arab Resource and Organizing Center .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - A Los Angeles - area sushi restaurant that made international headlines after it was charged with serving endangered whale meat will close forever as a “ self - imposed punishment , ” according to a statement on its website .
The parent company of the The Hump , a popular Santa Monica restaurant , and sushi chef Kiyoshiro Yamamoto were charged on March 11 with violating the Marine Mammal Protection Act , which makes it illegal to sell whale meat .
Federal prosecutors have said that the case stemmed from informants who were served whale meat at The Hump in October 2009 and evolved into a sting operation by U.S. wildlife and customs officials .
The federal charge carries a maximum penalty of one year in federal prison and a maximum fine of $ 100,000 for an individual or $ 200,000 for an organization .
A statement on the website said the eatery , which was picketed by protesters after the charges made news around the world , would be shuttered as of Saturday .
“ The Hump hopes that by closing its doors , it will help bring awareness to the detrimental effects that illegal whaling has on the preservation of our ocean ecosystems and species , ” the statement said .
“ Closing the restaurant is a self - imposed punishment on top of the fine that will be meted out by the court , ” the statement said .
The restaurant apologized for its “ illegal actions . ”
According to the statement , the restaurant ’s owners would make a substantial contribution to organizations dedicated to the preservation of whales and other endangered species .
The New York Times has reported that the team of activists behind the “ The Cove , ” a film about dolphin hunting that won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Film earlier this month , coordinated with federal officials on the sting operation .
The paper said that an associate producer on “ The Cove ” created a tiny camera that two activists wore into the restaurant , where they were served the whale meat .
The activists sent samples to the Marine Mammal Institute at Oregon State University , which confirmed that they were from an endangered Sei whale , the Times said .
The Hump , which has only six tables and has a view of the Pacific Ocean , has been open for 12 years .
Using a delicate instrument located under a mountain in central Italy , two University of Massachusetts Amherst physicists are measuring some of the faintest and rarest particles ever detected , geo-neutrinos , with the greatest precision yet achieved .
The data reveal , for the first time , a well defined signal , above background noise , of the extremely rare geo-neutrino particle from deep within Earth .
Funded by the National Science Foundation , UMass Amherst researchers Laura Cadonati and Andrea Pocar are part of the Borexino international team whose results are available in the current online edition of the journal Physics Letters B .
Geo-neutrinos are anti-neutrinos produced in the radioactive decays of uranium , thorium , potassium and rubidium found in ancient rocks deep within our planet .
These decays are believed to contribute a significant but unknown fraction of the heat generated inside Earth , where this heat influences volcanic activity and tectonic plate movements , for example .
Borexino , the large neutrino detector , serves as a window to look deep into the Earth 's core and report on the planet 's structure .
Borexino is located at the Laboratorio Nazionale del Gran Sasso underground physics laboratory in a 10 km- long tunnel about 5,000 feet ( 1.5 km ) under Gran Sasso , or Great Rock Mountain , in the Appenines and operated by Italy 's Institute of Nuclear Physics .
The instrument detects anti-neutrinos and other subatomic particles that interact in its special liquid center , a 300 - ton sphere of scintillator fluid surrounded by a thin , 27.8 - foot ( 8.5 - meter ) diameter transparent nylon balloon .
This all " floats " inside another 700 tons of buffer fluid in a 45 - foot ( 13.7 - meter ) diameter stainless steel tank immersed in ultra-purified water .
The buffering fluid shields the scintillator from radiation from the outer layers of the detector and its surroundings .
The scintillator fluid is so named because when neutrinos pass through it , they release their energy as small flashes of light .
Neutrinos and their antiparticles , called anti-neutrinos , have no electric charge and a minuscule mass .
Except for gravity , they only interact with matter via the weak nuclear force , which makes them extremely rare and hard to detect , as neutrinos do not " feel " the other two known forces of nature , the electromagnetic and the strong nuclear force .
Borexino is one of only a handful of such underground detectors in the world and is supported by institutions from Italy , the United States , Germany , Russia , Poland and France .
Designed to observe and study neutrinos produced inside the Sun , it has turned out to be one of the most effective observatories of its kind in the world , with 100 times lower background noise , in part due to extremely effective scintillator purification and use of radiation - free construction materials .
Borexino is not the first instrument to look for geo-neutrinos .
In 2005 , a Japanese - United States collaboration operating a similar detector in Japan was able to identify some of these rare particles .
But those measurements were affected by radioactive background noise , anti-neutrinos emitted from several nuclear reactors operating in Japan .
By contrast , the new Borexino data have stronger significance because of their purity and the absence of nuclear reactors .
As Pocar explains , " the Borexino detector is very clean and has lower levels of radioactive impurities than ever achieved in experiments of this kind .
It is indeed a very ' quiet ' apparatus for the observation of low energy neutrinos , and exceptionally precise for distinguishing these particles by origin , either solar , geo or human - made . "
Italy has no nuclear power plants , he adds .
The small number of anti-neutrinos detected at Borexino , only a couple each month , helps to settle a long - standing question among geophysicists and geologists about whether our planet harbors a huge , natural nuclear reactor at its core .
Based on the unprecedently clear geo anti-neutrino data , the answer is no , say the UMass Amherst physicists .
" This is all new information we are receiving from inside the Earth from the geo- neutrino probe , " Cadonati explains .
" Our data are exciting because they open a new frontier .
This is the beginning .
More work is needed for a detailed understanding of Earth 's interior and the source of its heat , with new geo-neutrino detectors above continental and oceanic crust . "
In the future the international researchers hope that observations from similar detectors in Canada , Japan and Borexino in Italy can be coordinated to improve geo-neutrino detection and analysis even further .
The head of the Catholic church is bracing himself for a new round of allegations by victims of paedophile priests — in Italy
The following correction was printed in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday 4 April 2010
There was some scope for misinterpretation in the article below .
We said : " As Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , Benedict handled abuse cases at the Vatican for 24 years before he became pope in 2005 . "
We should clarify that it was not until 2001 that responsibility for all abuse cases was handed to the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , run by Cardinal Ratzinger .
However , the Congregation did handle rare cases before 2001 , notably the Wisconsin case in the late 1990s which the article discussed .
Pope Benedict XVI is facing growing pressure over his handling of paedophile priests as new cover-ups come to light in Italy , the country with the greatest concentration of Roman Catholic clerics .
After the latest allegations – that Benedict took no action in the US when he was head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , the Vatican 's enforcer – the church is now " terrified " as more victims stand up to be counted in Italy , according to Roberto Mirabile , head of La Caramella Buona , an Italian anti-abuse group .
" With the scandals erupting abroad , we will see a huge growth in victims ' groups in Italy in coming weeks , " said Mirabile yesterday .
As Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , Benedict handled abuse cases at the Vatican for 24 years before he became pope in 2005 .
" We are likely to discover that the Vatican worked even harder in Italy with bishops than elsewhere to hide cases , simply because the contact was closer and the church is so powerful in Italy , " Mirabile added .
Sergio Cavaliere , an Italian lawyer who has documented 130 cases of clerical paedophilia , also believes that the Vatican 's backyard could follow Ireland , the United States and Germany in producing a wave of abuse revelations .
" The cases I have found are just the tip of the iceberg given the reluctance of many victims to come forward until now , " said Cavaliere .
" And in no single case did the local bishop alert police to the suspected abuse . "
Another startling development is how recent most of the allegations are , unlike the decades - old cases in Munich and Milwaukee that Benedict was last week accused of failing to act on .
Monsignor Charles Scicluna , who investigates abuse accusations passed on to the Vatican , denied this month that abuse had reached " dramatic proportions " in Italy , but he was concerned about " a certain culture of silence " among Italy 's 50,000 priests .
In February , the Vatican opened an investigation into allegations by 67 former pupils at a school for the deaf in Verona that 24 priests , brothers and lay religious men abused pupils from the 1950s to the 1980s .
Three of the accusers repeated their claims on Italian prime - time television on Friday .
In a case recalling the accusations against Father Lawrence Murphy in Milwaukee , who was claimed to have abused up to 200 deaf children , one Italian former pupil claimed that priests had sodomised him so relentlessly that he came to feel " as if I were dead " .
A second pupil has accused Verona 's late bishop , Monsignor Giuseppe Carraro , who is being considered for beatification , of molesting him .
In Ireland , the leader of the Catholic church has been named in more than 200 civil actions by victims of alleged clerical abuse , putting him under further pressure to resign .
The victims claim that Cardinal Seán Brady failed in his duties by neglecting to protect them from paedophile priests and other sex abusers .
There is no suggestion that he took part in any abuse .
Legal sources in the republic confirmed that 230 separate victims of alleged clerical abuse are taking the church to court .
They said these include five victims of Father Brendan Smyth , one of Ireland 's most notorious paedophiles .
Smyth 's arrest and conviction opened the floodgates for dozens of cases concerning priests abusing children in dioceses all over Ireland , alongside widespread and systemic abuse in church - run orphanages and industrial schools .
Brady has confirmed that he was present at a closed canonical tribunal into the activities of Smyth , who died in jail 13 years ago while serving 12 years for 74 sexual assaults on children .
" Smyth 's victims will argue that the church knew as far back as 1975 that he was abusing children .
But the hierarchy 's secret deal with two of his young victims that year left Smyth free to abuse others many years afterwards , " one senior legal source told the Observer .
" The cardinal now faces being named in hundreds of cases , some of which will go through the courts . "
Asked if the church was aware that Brady had been named in so many civil actions through the Irish courts , a spokesman for the Catholic Press Office in Ireland said : " The bishop who occupies the position of primate of all Ireland [ Brady ] is often named as co-defendant in judicial proceedings by people who mistakenly presume him to be the ' CEO ' for the Catholic church in Ireland .
In answer to your query , I do not know the exact number of cases taken by alleged victims of clerical sex abuse who have named Cardinal Seán Brady in their actions . "
Voice of the Faithful , an international lay Catholic organisation campaigning for reforms in the church , said it was " deeply significant " that Brady has said he is spending the run-up to Easter reflecting on his position .
Seán O'Connaill , the group 's Irish co-ordinator , said : " The situation regarding the church in Ireland and Cardinal Brady 's position is very confused and fluid .
" The problems facing the Catholic church , however , will not be resolved alone by heads rolling .
Both the people and the leadership have to realise that there has to be a major reform programme within the church to turn this around . "
WASHINGTON — An official at the United States Embassy in Iraq has told federal prosecutors that he believes that State Department officials sought to block any serious investigation of the 2007 shooting episode in which Blackwater Worldwide security guards were accused of murdering 17 Iraqi civilians , according to court testimony made public on Tuesday .
David Farrington , a State Department security agent in the American Embassy at the time of the shooting in Baghdad ’s Nisour Square , told prosecutors that some of his colleagues were handling evidence in a way they hoped would help the Blackwater guards avoid punishment for a crime that drew headlines and raised tensions between American and Iraqi officials .
The description of Mr. Farrington ’s account came in closed - door testimony last October from Kenneth Kohl , the lead prosecutor in the case against the Blackwater guards .
“ I talked to David Farrington , who was concerned , who expressed concern about the integrity of the work being done by his fellow officers , ” Mr. Kohl recalled .
He said that Mr. Farrington had said he was in meetings where diplomatic security agents said that after they had gone to the scene and picked up casings and other evidence , “ They said we ’ve got enough to get these guys off now . ”
French Fry Wrapped Bacon On A Stick
Angel Food , Bacon & Chocolate On A Stick
Chicken Parts On A Stick
Oddities On A Stick
Tempura Octopus On A Stick
Dressing On A Stick
Meatball Dinner On A Stick
Pies On A Stick
Cinnamon Rolls On A Stick
S'more On A Stick
Hot Chocolate On A Stick
With all the food monstrosities featured on Neatorama on a regular basis , is it any wonder that we are huge fans of March 28 ’s Something On A Stick Day ?
After all , aside from wrapping something with bacon , how else can you improve any given food so easy ?
Of course , if you wrap bacon around most of these top ten foods on a stick , you could only make them better .
On second thought , why wrap everything with bacon when you could just put a thick slice of bacon on a stick ?
To make things even better , try coating it with French fries glued on with corndog batter and then deep fry it .
As the creator says , you could make it a bacon wrapped hot dog on a stick , but why bother with the inferior hot dog meat ?
If you like your bacon to be served on the sweet side though , perhaps you ’d prefer this delightfully disgusting treat .
Simply take some thick - cut bacon and fold it around a stick , then wrap it in angel food , deep fry it all and then dunk it in chocolate .
Got milk ?
http://thisiswhyyourefat.com/post/201014782/chocolate-bacon-pogo-on-a-stick-bacon-wrapped-in
Perhaps fatty pig but is n’t your favorite deep - fried animal remnant though .
Maybe you like chicken innards or blood .
If you think gizzards and fried hearts are gross , you ’d better stay away from the street food in the Philippines , where deep fried chicken intestines and gelatinous chicken blood are both served on sticks .
At least the chicken blood is kind of good for you .
The street food of the Philippines has nothing on the diversity of the food stalls on the streets of Beijing though .
Many visitors to the Olympics have written about their surprise about finding scorpions , dung beetles , lizards , starfish , seahorses and more on a stick .
According to Sun Hainan , a young food trader in the area , “ Seahorses are good for men 's kidneys and their virility , Crustaceans are good for girls - they improve their skin and looks - and lizards boost virility . ”
Link Image via AudreyH [ Flickr ]
There ’s something about batter that just makes things on a stick that much more delicious .
Compare the image of seahorses on a stick to this delightfully Japanese treat of tempura octopus tentacles on a stick .
It ’s hard to deny this treat would only look half as tempting without the delightful tempura batter .
While other countries may think they have the on - a - stick concept down , I ’m still convinced it ’s something Americans have in their blood .
After all , who else but a Southern woman ( namely Paula Deen ) would think to pair her deep - fried turkey with stuffing on a stick ?
Americans even improve the foods of other nations .
While the picture may look like a simple meatball on a stick , it is much more .
There is actually pasta cooked right inside the meatball itself to create a full spaghetti and meatball dinner with just one stickful of goodness .
Link Image via Deacon Steve [ Flickr ]
Of course , not all foods on a stick need to be deep fried .
These minipies on a stick are n’t exactly great for you , but at least they ’re baked rather than fried .
Think of them as soft , chewy lollipops , or as pies you can munch on the go .
Speaking of delicious sweet treats on a stick , how about some little cinnamon rolls ?
The creator , Zoe , apparently makes an array of bread products on sticks , but what could be better than a cinnamon roll pop ?
Zoe created these treats and others to compete in the prestigious Minnesota State Fair .
Just check out some of their amazing stick - foods available .
The Minnesota State Fair ’s Oodles of Noodle booth just might have been where This Is Why You ’re Fat reader Emily Fredrix discovered this ooey - gooey deep - fried s’more on a stick .
http://thisiswhyyourefat.com/post/77794790/deed-fried-smore-on-a-stick-via-emilyfredrixIf you ’re looking for a DIY on - a - stick project that makes a great gift , you might want to consider making some of these delicious and lovely hot chocolates on a stick .
Simply use the stick as a stirrer in a cup of warm milk and you ’ll have rich , creamy cocoa that ’s sure to keep you warm in the winter .
Your turn readers .
What ’s the weirdest thing you ’ve ever seen on a stick ?
Also which of these would you most likely snack on ?
I have to admit , I think the s’more on a stick looks like pure heaven .
For Dr. Robert Mason , an archaeologist with the Royal Ontario Museum , it all began with a walk last summer .
Mason conducts work at the Deir Mar Musa al - Habashi monastery , out in the Syrian Desert .
Finds from the monastery , which is still in use today by monks , date mainly to the medieval period and include some beautiful frescoes .
Dr. Mason explains that he “ went for a walk ” into the eastern perimeter of the site - an area that has n’t been explored by archaeologists .
What he discovered is an ancient landscape of stone circles , stone alignments and what appear to be corbelled roof tombs .
From stone tools found at the site , it ’s likely that the features date to some point in the Middle East ’s Neolithic Period – a broad stretch of time between roughly 8500 BC – 4300 BC .
It is thought that in Western Europe megalithic construction involving the use of stone only dates back as far as ca. 4500 BC .
This means that the Syrian site could well be older than anything seen in Europe .
At a recent colloquium in Toronto , Canada , Mason described his shock at discovering the apparent tombs , stone circles and stone alignments : “ I was standing up there thinking , oh dear me , I ’ve wandered onto Salisbury Plain , ”
At the southern end of the landscape there are three apparent tombs .
They are about eight metres in diameter and each of them “ actually has a chamber in the middle ” .
The roof is corbelled which suggests that beneath them is “ something you would want to seal in . ”
Each of these corbelled structures had a stone circle beside it , which is about two meters in diameter .
Dr. Mason cautioned that the team did not have the chance to do more than survey the area , so it ’s still possible that these corbelled structures could have a purpose other than burial .
More work also needs to be done to get a precise date of construction .
Dr. Mason set out to look for more stone circles and chambered structures .
This time he brought a monk with him , from the monastery :
“ Lurking around in the hills above a Syrian military base with a digital camera in one hand and a GPS unit in the other is the sort of thing that makes you want to have a monk in your presence , ” he explained .
The two of them went to a rock outcrop – a place that would have been a good source of flint in ancient times – where he found the remains of several corbelled structures .
In the valley below they found another corbelled structure with a stone circle right beside it .
The monk who travelled with him sensed that this high outcrop would have been of great importance to the people who lived here .
“ This is a high place ” he told Mason .
As Mason gazed at the landscape , from the height of the outcrop , he saw stone lines , also known as alignments , going off in different directions .
Dr. Mason has a strong background in geology , and knew immediately that these could not be natural features .
“ I know what rocks look like , where they belong - these rocks do n’t belong in that . ”
One of stone lines was “ very bizarre , ” snaking its way up a hill .
Mason followed the line and found that it led to the “ biggest complex of tombs of all . ”
This particular stone structure has three chambers and was probably the burial place for “ the most important person . ”
In the front of the tomb are the remains of a stone circle .
Dr. Mason can’t confirm for sure that this was used as a tomb , until further archaeological work takes place .
The lithics the team found in the landscape are also quite unusual – they do n’t seem to be made from local material .
Mason explained that local flint is white or dark red , but the material they found is “ very good quality brown chert . ”
The Neolithic period is a time period when people in the Middle East were beginning to grow crops and adopt farming .
They did n’t live in settlements larger than a village .
There were no cities in the Middle East or anywhere else in the world .
Professor Edward Banning is a University of Toronto anthropology professor and Neolithic period expert , and has done extensive fieldwork in the Middle East , including Jordan .
He said that we need to be careful about drawing conclusions before more fieldwork is done .
“ Virtually all the burials that archaeologists have ever discovered from Neolithic sites in that part of the world come from inside settlements – in fact even below floors and houses , ” he said .
If the corbelled structures are confirmed as burial structures , then this site will represent something new .
“ It ’s possible that this landscape that Dr. Mason has identified could be an example of off - site burial practices in the Neolithic which would be very interesting . ”
This would help settle a mystery that archaeologists have long faced .
Banning said that while burials have been found in Neolithic settlements , “ Those burials are not high enough in number to account for the number of people who must have died in those settlements .
So a number of us for many years have assumed that there must have been off - site mortuary practices of some kind . ”
Dr. Mason goes a step further .
He says that this site “ sounds like Western Europe ” and he wonders if this could be an early example of the stone landscapes seen at places like Stonehenge .
Dr. Julian Siggers of the Royal Ontario Museum , another Neolithic specialist , pointed out that it has been argued that agriculture spread from the Near East to Europe .
This find creates a question - could these stone landscapes have travelled with them ?
“ It ’s such an important hypothesis if it ’s right that it ’s worth telling people about now , ” said Mason .
“ We ’ve found something that ’s never been found in the Middle East before . ”
Professor Banning is sceptical about this idea .
He said that stone structures are found throughout the world , pointing to the dolmens found in East Asia .
He claims that people in Western Europe could have developed the techniques independently of the people who built the landscape near the Deir Mar Musa al - Habashi monastery .
Prof .
Banning also said that Mason ’s site may not be entirely unique in the Near and Middle East .
He said that archaeologists have detected , via satellite photos , what appear to be cairns and stone circles in other areas , including the deserts of Jordan and Israel .
However , he admits that most of these things have not received a lot of archaeological investigation .
Transsexual singer wins top music school place after switching his voice from baritone to a soprano
When transsexual opera singer Emily De Salvo first applied to one of Italy ’s most prestigious music schools , he was rejected as the board was unsure whether to place him among the male or female singers .
This week , after three years ’ studying with baritone Maurizio Picconi and soprano Amelia Felle , the 29 - year - old has won a place at Bari ’s Tito Schipa Conservatory after changing his voice .
De Salvo , formerly Stefano , who has yet to make his gender change complete with surgery , convinced the jury he can handle both sides of the opera spectrum - from male baritones to female sopranos .
Gender change : Stefano De Salvo has not yet had the full sex - change operation but has changed his name to Emily
The singer believes he has an unusual voice which could help him to claim a niche in opera buffa .
‘ I 've been exploring the Baroque repertoire with Felle , exercising my strengthened falsetto , ’ he said .
‘ With Picconi , on the other hand , I 've been broadening my baritone chords .
‘ My vocal range is perfect for opera buffa like Donizetti or Rossini , ’ he added , stressing how proud he was to be the first transsexual to claim a conservatory spot .
De Salvo , whose legal name is still Stefano , also thanked Felle for taking his side at his second audition before the entrance panel .
‘ She defended me against those who did n't want me , ’ he said .
And he thanked a well - known local transgender musician who accompanied him on the piano during his successful recital of the Handel aria ' Ombra mai fu' in September .
‘ I could n't have done it without my close friend Luana Ricci , ’ who as Marco Della Gatta claimed headlines when he was sacked as Bari Cathedral organist last year .
‘ She was exceptional , ’ he added .
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 1.1K )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Mikko Gustafsson Airline Finnair Version McDonnell Douglas MD - 11 Generic Type McDonnell Douglas MD - 11 Basic Type McDonnell Douglas MD - 11 Manufacturer McDonnell Douglas MSN 48766 Line No. 600 Reg. OH -LGF Location Helsinki - Vantaa Country Finland Date Photographed January 25 , 2010 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 261,424
Photo Added : March 04 , 2010
Photo Albums Containing This Photo Album Views Likes Photos Hot Wings
These are the best photos on Airliners net - great shots tomford United Kingdom Views 3.4M Likes 4 Photos 196K EJrunner 's Awesome A.net photos ejrunner017 USA Views 1.3M Likes 0 Photos 139.9 K Dreamshots !!
Looks like they were taken out of a dream !!
Enjoy !!
zero18 664 Puerto Rico Views 1.1M Likes 5 Photos 7.9 K
The top
The best aviation album mrglue England , United Kingdom Views 1.1M Likes 3 Photos 61.7K
Photo Copyright © Mikko Gustafsson .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
The following video should be required viewing for every member in Congress , every teacher in the United States , and every parent with children in public education .
The video is 40 minutes long but I assure you that watching it will be time well spent .
The video compares the U.S. public education system with that in Europe , and with magnet and charter schools vs. districts where there is no competition .
The results are shocking .
Please watch ....
Stupid In America
Here are a couple of select quotes :
From a parent : " I would not send my kids to an American public school , not even for a million dollars . "
From a student : " I think it 's a pity that American children do n't have the same opportunities and the same choices that we have "
Parental Participation Is The Key
Hey , Mish .
Love your blog .
Apologize in advance for the length .
I have two children , 7 & 10 in Clear Creek ISD public schools in League City , TX ( near Houston ) .
I have coworkers that live in Friendswood , Texas , which has a higher income ( according to demographics ) .
Many of my coworkers ’ children are already in high school or college from many of the surrounding areas .
As it stands today , my kids go to school with about 25 % of the students at or near poverty .
As a parent with a vested interest in my children ’s education , I ’ve asked and read a lot about what it takes to get a great education .
What I see and hear that make a difference hinges on one thing : parental participation .
With it , the children succeed above average and in the range of their individual potential .
Without it , they struggle or fail .
At my kids ’ school , they have “ gifted and talented ” classes .
Only six students from five grades made the cut .
Both of my kids did .
Yes , they ’re smart , but they apply themselves , learn at home , explore ideas with us , etc .
In short , my wife and I are committed to learning and teaching by example .
We participate in the PTA .
We attend the literacy and math nights with our kids .
We talk regularly with the teachers to find areas to emphasize where the kids are struggling .
We are active and engaged .
And so are the kids .
I am convinced parental participation is the key .
Every kid with a parent that shows up at the school activities with their kid has a kid performing at par or better .
Kids do not have the discipline to force themselves to do what ’s good for them in the long run .
In fact , their brains are not fully developed in the frontal lobes until their twenties , which is the area that comprehends and acts with adult reasoning .
If the parent is not participating , the kids stand little chance .
Even 10:1 student to teacher ratios , kids will fail without parental concern .
Thus , when you see a kid that escapes dire childhood circumstances , it ’s usually the result of an influential adult that cared far beyond what ’s typical for that dismal environment .
I think Bill Cosby got it right a few years ago .
If the parents create a bad environment , set bad examples , and cannot succeed themselves , the vast majority of kids will follow a similar path with similar results .
Concerned Parent
League City , Texas
What 's Wrong With Public Education ?
No competition , no choices
Students locked into districts
Union work rules make it impossible to get rid of bad teachers , even teachers sending sexually explicit material to the kids
Lack of parental involvement
System geared to make money for administrators and teachers not teach kids
Money wasted on posh buildings for administrators , not spent on teaching kids
No Child Left Behind
Addendum :
Concerned Parent
The world 's average school year is 200 days per year .
In the United States it is 180 days ; in Sweden it is 170 days ; in Japan it is 243 days .
Anyone who proposes to raise academic standards in this country who does not admit the absolute necessity of American kids attending school at least as much as kids from elsewhere is either a fool or a liar .
Very truly yours ,
Jonathan
Alistair Darling has defended his budget deficit plan
The government 's plans for reducing the budget deficit are not ambitious enough - according to a European Commission report to be published on Wednesday .
The report warns that the UK is not on course to cut its deficit in line with EU rules by a deadline of 2015 .
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Liam Byrne said the report was " wrong " and would mean £ 20 bn more in spending cuts .
Ministers insist their plans to halve the deficit in four years are less likely to halt the economic recovery .
In an interview with the BBC , Mr Byrne said the spending cuts and tax rises required to meet the EU target would cause " irreparable damage " to the economy .
Shadow business secretary Ken Clarke , also speaking to the BBC , said the EU was right and the government needed to cut spending more rapidly , which could be done easily .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said the UK needed to cut its deficit or " interest rates will rise , unemployment will rise and there will be no economic recovery " .
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said the European Commission report was a blow to the government and its handling of the economy .
" Gordon Brown has set great store by leadership of the international community on the economic crisis , so when leading institutions in the international community start criticising the way he is going about economic management then that is humiliating , frankly , " he added .
EU rules say government deficits must be below 3 % of GDP , but the UK 's deficit is expected to hit £ 178bn - or 12.6 % of GDP - this year .
Labour 's plans , announced in the pre-Budget report , would see the UK 's deficit reduced to 4.7 % by 2015 - missing the EU target outlined by finance ministers last year .
Fragile recovery
In the run-up to next week 's Budget , Chancellor Alistair Darling has defended the government 's approach to the deficit , arguing that cutting it too quickly by reducing government spending would risk harming the UK 's emergence from recession .
ANALYSIS Gavin Hewitt , BBC Europe editor
The European Commission is set to enter the argument over one of the key fault lines in British politics - the country 's deficit .
Britain is not in the eurozone , but the Commission will make it clear that under economic stability rules , the UK is expected to trim its deficit to 3 % by 2014 .
The British Treasury says the government has already set out an ambitious plan to halve the deficit in four years , but the Commission thinks this target may be missed because growth could be lower than forecast .
One official told us that " Britain is being too optimistic about its chances of recovery .
It thinks it will be able to come out of this quicker than we think it will . "
Send us your comments
" The chancellor 's judgement on the pace of this adjustment takes into account the need to support the economy through the early stages of the recovery , " a Treasury spokesman said .
" To withdraw support earlier and at the wrong pace risks wrecking the recovery - a judgement supported by the Commission . "
The Treasury said the government 's plan was the sharpest and fastest deficit reduction proposal in the G7 leading industrial nations .
But the Liberal Democrats said that to be credible , parties needed to show what they would cut .
A draft of the Commission 's report suggests that " additional fiscal tightening measures " beyond those already planned are needed if the health of public finances is to be restored " within a credible timeframe " .
The report also calls into question the Treasury 's forecasts for the UK 's economic growth .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
Its forecast of 2 % growth in 2010 - 11 , and then 3.3 % growth for the next four years could prove optimistic , the Commission argues , should the global economy fail to recover as strongly as expected .
" The message from the Commission will be that the UK needs to get its house in order , " an EU official said .
The shadow chancellor , George Osborne , said a change of government was needed to restore confidence in the UK economy .
He added : " The Conservatives have been arguing that we need to reduce our record budget deficit more quickly in order to support the recovery . "
BBC political correspondent Ross Hawkins said the European Commission had walked " slap bang into the middle of an enormous political row " .
He said the issue of whether to cut " sooner or deeper " would play " at the heart " of the forthcoming election as each parties ' plans were scrutinised .
" All the competing parties say they 've got the answer and their opponents are misreading the situation , " he said .
The timing meant the topic had far greater impact than it would otherwise , he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The next Secure Hash Algorithm had better be a good one
New standard , expected to be named in 2012 , will likely serve for 20 years
SAN FRANCISCO —
The next Secure Hash Algorithm will be in service for at least 20 years , so the National Institute of Standards and Technology had better get it right , security experts said at the RSA Security Conference .
NIST is in the middle of a multi- year competition to select the next algortihm , which will become SHA - 3 , and is expected to finish in 2012 .
The algortithm will be used to protect government files .
Obeservers say SHA - 3 will have to stand up to everything increasingly sophisticated hackers can throw at it for two decades .
Because of the complexity and manpower required for the competitions , “ it is unlikely there will be another competition ( for SHA - 4 ) before 2030 , ” said Prof.
Bart Preneel of the Katholieke Unversiteit Leuven in Belgium .
Related : Cryptographic showdown , Round 2 : NIST picks 14 hash algorithms
The job of selecting an algorithm robust enough to last that long is complicated by the length of time it takes to select it .
“ The winner in 2012 will reflect the state of the art in October 2012 , ” the deadline for submitting candidates , said Preneel , speaking at the conference .
Some observers say the selection process might be moving too quickly .
Brian Snow , former National Security Agency technology director for information assurance , speaking on a cryptogrophy panel , said he would like to see the process slowed down .
“ I support extending the SHA - 3 process , ” he said .
The existing SHA - 2 standard will last long enough to allow that .
“ I think they should pick three winners , not one , and spend several years studying them . ”
Snow and Preneel expressed concerns that some good algorithms have been rejected in the initial weeding - out process , and that remaining candidates might not get a thorough shakedown before a final selection is made .
A hashing algorithm is a cryptographic formula for generating a unique , fixed - length numerical digest — or hash — of a message .
A hash can be used to securely confirm that a document has not been altered because the contents of the message cannot be derived from the hash and the hash is , to a high degree of probability , unique for each message .
Hashes can also be used to effectively sign an electronic document and link the signature to the contents .
SHA - 3 will augment and eventually replace the algorithms now specified in Federal Information Processing Standard 180 - 2 .
The standard now uses SHA - 1 , which will be retired this year , and SHA - 2 , which is composed of SHA - 224 , SHA - 256 , SHA - 384 and SHA - 512 .
Officials decided to open a competition for SHA - 3 in 2007 after weaknesses were discovered in the existing algorithms .
Fifty - one algorithms were originally submitted , and they were winnowed to 14 in the first round of competition .
Researchers now have begun looking for flaws in those candidates in Round 2 .
A final five will be selected late this year for the final round of competition .
The basic requirements for SHA - 3 candidates are that they be publicly disclosed and available without royalties , work on a wide range of hardware and software platforms and support 224- , 256 - and 512 - bit encryption .
They also must operate as quickly as the current SHA - 2 , but Preneel called that a “ moving target , ” because implementations of SHA - 2 keep getting faster .
“ I do n’t think SHA - 3 will be as blazingly fast ” as earlier algorithms MD - 4 and MD - 5 , which the original SHA resembled , he said .
Making a good hashing algorithm that is both secure and works fast is not a simple job .
Once implemented , flaws and limitations have quickly appeared , Preneel said .
As a result , “ they are not as flexible and they are not as useful as we think they are . ”
“ Making a hash code is much harder than making a code book , ” Snow said .
One article for each day of December , ending on the 25th article .
With the goals of sharing , openness , and mentoring , we aim to provide great articles about systems administration topics written by fellow sysadmins .
Want to get involved ?
Join the mailing list !
A group of hackers who ’d like to call themselves Fearâ „ ¢ ( LiGHTzz , SoleWiz , VaPoRiiZe ) have somehow managed to hack into Larry Hyrb ’s , also known as Major Nelson , Xbox Live account .
They have also changed the profile details on his account which you can see below
That ’s not all , the Fearâ „ ¢ team has also posted a youtube video claiming full responsibility for the hack and are offering their services for hacking any XBL account for a one time fee of $ 100 via their official website lightzz.com .
Larry Hyrb is the Director of Programming for the Microsoft gaming network Xbox Live .
His blog MajorNelson.com provides an “ inside ” look at operations at Microsoft ’s Xbox division .
UPDATE
Major Nelson now has full control over his account .
Stephen Toulouse , Director of Policy and Enforcement for Xbox LIVE , tweeted “ Thanks for the heads up folks .
we have gotten Major ’s account back .
We ’ll investigate what happened . ”
Source
The sonofabitch , should - have - been - left - to - die - off falcon .
WASHINGTON — Only a few short years after being removed from the endangered species list , the American peregrine falcon — once considered a creature of nobility and grace — has transformed into an " unappreciative jerk , " wildlife experts reported Monday .
Advertisement
According to workers at the Peregrine Fund , a nonprofit organization dedicated to protecting falcons around the world , the predatory bird has exhibited a complete change in attitude since its resurgence .
Animal advocates have reportedly observed the falcon flaunting its magnificent 3.5 - foot wingspan , nesting arrogantly atop nearby cliffs , and generally acting like " king shit " wherever it goes .
" For decades , the peregrine falcon faced a very real and very serious threat , " U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service deputy director Rowan Gould said .
" There was a time when many of us feared we would never see this majestic creature again , when we did everything in our power to ensure that this marvel of nature would be around for generations to come . "
Advertisement
Added Gould , " If only we 'd known then what cocky little pricks they 'd turn out to be . "
In recent months , the peregrine falcon has continued to infuriate environmentalists by reclaiming its habitat without so much as a simple thank you , frequently and loudly mating in everyone 's face , and hunting prey off the coast of Maine as though it were " master of the fucking skies . "
Advertisement
In addition , the blue - gray member of the Falconiformes order has put off dozens of its once - ardent supporters by reportedly just sitting there like it was invincible and never once on the brink of extinction .
" How about showing a little gratitude , pal ? " said Dr. Michael Halpern , a behavioral ecologist and noted naturalist .
" We did n't have to save you , you know .
There were plenty of other species on that list that would 've loved our help .
Hundreds of other species that would 've damn near polished our knobs had we chosen to save them . "
Advertisement
Despite battling back from near extinction , the peregrine falcon — known for its distinctive white markings and " pompous fat face " — is reportedly not out of danger just yet .
According to Halpern , the predatory bird could still be wiped out by a number of environmental factors , including the use of agricultural pesticides , increased deforestation in rural areas , changing climates , or , perhaps , a series of well - deserved beatings to the head .
" You think you 're so fucking stately , do n't you ? "
Halpern continued .
" Well , we 'll see how stately you look after I put my foot up your cloaca . "
Advertisement
Moved by the peregrine falcon 's arrogant resurgence , thousands of angered wildlife advocates have been working day and night to put the flourishing species back on the endangered list .
A petition to " Teach That Conceited Shit Some Manners " has reportedly garnered 30,000 signatures in less than two days , and an effort has begun to change the falcon 's scientific designation from Falco peregrinus to Fatso perestupidjerk .
" Time is running out , " said World Wildlife Fund director Margaret Weiss , standing before a photo of the bird , which she then spit on and angrily tore apart .
" Every minute we waste is another minute the peregrine falcon thinks it 's better than us !
Every minute we fail to act is another minute the peregrine falcon spends strutting around like Mr. Fucking Hollywood ! "
Advertisement
" Think about your grandchildren , " Weiss added .
" Do you want them to grow up in a world filled with these assholes ? "
Unless its attitude changes , the peregrine falcon may soon join several other animals back on the endangered list , including a thankless species of sea turtle , and a class of dung beetle that really , really had it coming .
Million Barrel Hole by Mike Cox O ne of Texas ’ most impressive engineering feats is nothing but a hole in the ground today , an idea that tanked big time .
In 1928 , however , anything seemed possible .
The newly discovered Hendricks field in Winkler County spouted 500 barrels a day and places like Pyote , Monahans and Wink became what one newspaper called “ mushroom towns . ”
The only thing rising faster than the available supply of crude was the price it fetched .
Unfortunately , the Roxana Petroleum Company ( later absorbed by Shell Oil ) did not have a pipeline to get all that oil to a refinery .
And hauling the crude to the nearest rail connection by truck over mostly unpaved roads would take a fleet of vehicles .
To solve the problem , the company decided to build a Texas - size reservoir to hold the black gold .
After selecting a site in adjacent Ward County southeast of Monahans and not far from the Texas and Pacific main line , Roxana brought in an army of workmen to dig a giant hole .
More men than the nearby town could accommodate , the work force lived in tents near the job site .
Using mule - drawn equipment , the workers completed an excavation that from an airplane must have looked like a wide meteor crater .
Next workers laid wire mesh over the packed earth .
Then , working 24 - hours - a- day , contractors started pouring tons of concrete .
When the concrete cured , the tank measured 522.6 feet from north to south and 426.6 feet east to west .
With 45 - degree walls , the tank dropped 35 feet deep .
By late April 1928 workers hammered away at a wooden cover for the colossal tank , placing creosote - soaked support timbers at 14 - foot intervals across the sprawling reservoir floor .
Those timbers supported a domed redwood roof covered with tarpaper .
Though the Monahans facility soon became known as the million barrel reservoir , engineers had actually designed it to hold a staggering 5 million barrels of oil .
Pressurized crude entered into the bottom of the tank , the intake located near a huge drain that would be used to empty the tank in case of fire .
One thing Roxana ’s engineers apparently forgot to take into consideration was the weight of crude .
One gallon of the thick stuff weighs nearly eight pounds .
A barrel of oil contains 50 gallons and weighs some 400 pounds .
When Roxana injected a million barrels of oil into the tank , the weight bearing down on the concrete amounted to 400 million pounds of pressure .
Consisting of seamed sections of concrete , under that much pressure the tank leaked .
Beyond that , despite the roof , evaporation also claimed oil .
Even so , the loss happened slowly enough to make the tank workable for a time .
The oil it did manage to hold got shipped by rail to Oklahoma to be refined .
But when production near
Wink began to decline , the flow from the field could be more easily moved by traditional methods .
Not long after the economy soured following the stock market crash in October 1929 , Roxana stopped using its below ground Coliseum without seats .
In the early 1930s , the company removed and sold the wood .
According to Ben White , retired Monahans High School swim coach and local history buff , quite a few board feet of the lumber ended up in residences and buildings in Monahans .
T he huge concrete hole in the ground , wider than five football fields , lay abandoned and mostly forgotten until 1954 , when Monahans officials tried to get the tank and land around it for a city park .
Shell nixed a lease agreement , but said it would sell the property .
The city opted not to buy it , but a former city employee named Wayne Long did .
He envisioned the tank awash with a fluid then even more precious than crude oil – fresh water .
Long drilled six water wells to fill the tank , turned a cut that had been made to remove the timbers into a boat ramp and transformed the million - barrel oil reservoir into a million - barrel lake – the most water they ’d seen in one place since moving to West Texas from Corpus Christi in 1950 .
Their lake would be a place where people could swim , ski and fish in the middle of a semi-desert .
For the lake ’s grand opening in 1958 , Long and his wife Amalie brought in a pair of professional water skiers from Austin to crisscross their new waterhole .
But water is twice as heavy as crude oil .
The lake did n’t hold water any better than oil and soon disappeared , along with all the money the Longs had sunk into the project .
Not a man to give up easily Long spent a bunch more on engineering fees hoping to find and fix the source of the leak .
Despite Long ’s best efforts , tests showed the reservoir still leaked .
An attempt to transform the tank into an automobile race tract also foundered .
Finally , he gave up on a literal and figurative dry hole .
According to local lore , his failure sent him into an emotional downward spiral that ended with his death of a heart attack in 1980 .
Six years later , Amalie Long donated the tank and 14.5 acres around it to the Ward County Historical Commission for use as a museum complex and park .
After nearly 60 years , someone had finally come up with an idea that held water .
© Mike Cox
" Texas Tales " August 14 , 2008 column
Enlarge By Stephen Brashear for USA TODAY
Holding it together : Pam Salter sings to son Braddock , 2 , in the family 's 300 - square - foot trailer in Tacoma , Wash .
" Always there 's this anxiety in the background , " she says .
" It 's like you 're constantly in a state of emergency . "
CUSHIONING THE IMPACT FOR KIDS CUSHIONING THE IMPACT FOR KIDS Children can do well despite a family 's financial setbacks , says Jana Martin , a psychologist in Long Beach , Calif .
- Parents should explain what is changing and what is n't , she suggests .
" We may have to move , but you 'll get to keep your bed and your favorite things . "
Keep as many family routines as possible .
If something has to go , try to give options :
The family makes pizza together instead of going out .
- Invite teenagers to help brainstorm ways to cut costs and contribute .
- Notice signs of possible worry , such as changes in sleep , crying or isolation from friends .
Ask about their fears .
Correct misinformation and comfort them .
- Let children know that they can ask questions about changes and that parents will talk about whatever upsets the kids .
RESOURCES FOR THOSE IN NEED RESOURCES FOR THOSE IN NEED
For referrals to local psychologists , from the American Psychological Association : ( 800 ) 964-2000 National Suicide Prevention Helpline : ( 800 ) 273-8255 National Domestic Violence Hotline : ( 800 ) 799-7233
Resources for those facing foreclosure : ( 888 ) 995- HOPE DAILY HEALTH BLOG DAILY HEALTH BLOG
Get wellness tips , medical study roundups and news for healthy living here , including info on ... • Fitness and nutrition
• Parenting / kids ' health
• Watercooler - worthy bits Signs abound that the battered economy is causing serious damage to the mental health and family lives of a growing number of Americans .
Requests for therapists have soared , Americans say they 're stressed out , and domestic - violence and suicide hotlines are reporting increased calls .
" I 've never seen this level of anxiety and depression in 22 years of practice , " says Nancy Molitor , a psychologist in Wilmette , Ill .
" The mental health fallout has been far worse than after 9/11 . "
There has been a sharp rise in mental trauma even among those who still have jobs :
The demand for therapists surged 40 % from June to December — driven largely by money - related fears — at ComPsych , which runs the nation 's largest employee - assistance mental - health program , says ComPsych chairman and CEO Richard Chaifetz .
Nearly half of Americans said they were more stressed than a year ago , and about one - third rated their stress level as " extreme " in surveys out in September from the American Psychological Association .
That was before the stock - market dive .
PERSONALITY : Some ' types ' can thrive in economic uncertainty QUIZ :
Are you terrified or ' Type T '?
BETTER LIFE :
More on mental health Meanwhile , financial advisers say they 're finding themselves in a new abnormal " normal . "
John Jones , a financial planner at ComPsych , says he 's referring many more workers to counselors .
" They start crying .
They tell me they 're not eating or sleeping .
One even said about his family , ' They'd be better off without me , ' " Jones says .
Many colleagues around the USA are having the same experience , he adds .
Joy Browne , a New York psychologist whose WOR - based radio talk show airs in 200 cities and live online , says she hears " a lot of free - floating anxiety . "
Many callers have been laid off .
" But even if they have jobs , they fear they 're going to lose them .
People are kind of holding their breath . "
Background anxiety Pam Salter , 40 , of Tacoma , Wash. , is struggling to keep her head above water , emotionally and financially , as a tidal wave of challenges washes over her family .
A college graduate who worked in human resources at a large company , Salter had to quit two years ago when Braddock was born with serious health problems .
The family rented a 2,400 - square - foot home , and her husband , Ron , had a software - related job .
Last February , with money getting tight and her son's health problems resolved , Salter began job - hunting .
After she had searched for six fruitless months , the Salters and their two sons moved into a 300 - square - foot trailer to keep the family afloat .
Pam Salter felt lucky when she latched onto a temporary five - month administrative support job in December .
But her husband was laid off the next day .
" There are n't any software jobs out there now , " she says .
Ron Salter , 50 , has diabetes and high blood pressure .
She says that when she took her husband 's blood pressure a couple of weeks ago , it was 200/101 .
( Normal is 120/80 . )
His blood pressure medicine had run out three days earlier , and he had n't told her he was trying to do without to save money .
He also has " stretched " his insulin , triggering dangerous blood sugar spikes , she says .
They have no health insurance .
The couple is bickering more and , Salter says , her temper is shorter with Braddock and 4 - year - old Bronson in such a tight living space .
" Always there 's this anxiety in the background .
It 's like you 're constantly in a state of emergency . "
Salter 's job might be extended in May , and she 's trying to keep her spirits up .
" But if I 'm on unemployment and he does n't have a job , it just scares the hell out of me , " she says .
" I do n't know how we can take care of our family . "
The Salters want to stay together , but the economic collapse may be preventing some miserable couples from divorcing because they can't afford an attorney or separate homes and can't sell the house .
" These couples are living in separate rooms , unhappily , " says Priscilla Marotta , a psychologist in Plantation , Fla. , who increasingly sees this scenario .
Molitor , the suburban Chicago therapist , says she 's noticing physically abused spouses staying in marriages because the economy has shrunk their options .
" More people are living in homes that are kind of like tinderboxes now — they blow up every once in a while , " says Karen Myatt , a divorce lawyer in Fort Lauderdale whose practice is shifting to domestic violence .
Calls to the National Domestic Violence Hotline have shot up during the recession , says spokeswoman Retha Fielding .
For example , there were 21 % more calls in September than in September 2007 .
When the stock market plunged in October , there were 18 % more calls than in October 2007 .
" And we hear more and more about money .
' We 're about to lose the house , my husband lost his job . ' " Domestic violence is about power and control , Fielding says , " so if an abuser loses control of one part of his life , he 's going to try harder to get control at home . "
And concern is rising about possibly higher rates of child abuse , which increases in tough economic times , though national statistics lag a few years behind .
Unemployment and financial problems create stress , " and we know they 're contributing factors .
The more stress factors a family has , the more likely you are to have child abuse and neglect , " says Theresa Costello , director of the government - funded National Resource Center for Child Protective Services .
Futures threatened
On the other hand , many parents who thought they were taking extra - good care of their children by setting up college funds are now shell - shocked because the funds have rapidly shrunk — and their kids still need tuition .
Linda Yalen , 52 , of Simsbury , Conn. , was part of a mass Aetna layoff in December .
A legal administrator and single mother , she has two teenage daughters , including a high school senior gifted in math and science who has her heart set on a top college .
Her daughter 's college fund has deflated , Yalen says .
She has scoured the area for legal administrator jobs .
" There are no jobs in this area .
None , " she says .
Yalen is looking into other kinds of work and tries to stay positive .
" But I 'm really worried about how we 'll have to struggle now and upset about what will happen with my daughter 's education after she worked so hard .
I get depressed thinking about it .
In the past , I could fix anything .
I ca n't fix this . "
Maybe there 's no quick fix in sight , but Americans have been through bad times before , and some have thrived despite adversity .
How they did it is a lesson for us all , says psychologist Salvatore Maddi of University of California - Irvine .
He coined the term " hardy personality " after studying more than 400 Illinois Bell Telephone managers who faced layoffs or changes in their jobs amid deregulation of their industry three decades ago .
Maddi's 12 - year pioneering study found that those who stayed on an even keel emotionally and kept their health shared three key qualities missing from colleagues who developed anxiety disorders or health problems .
The hardy people stayed committed to what they were doing ; they did n't back off or become alienated .
They also sought control , trying to influence what happened to them , looking at every avenue for solutions .
They saw stressful changes as inevitable and took them as a challenge , an opportunity to grow .
In this frightening economy , " it helps to have a broader perspective , " Maddi says .
" People have recovered from this kind of thing before .
Rather than bemoaning one 's plight , it 's important to come up with action plans that might make a difference . "
Pam Salter , who 's living in the tiny trailer with her unemployed husband and two boys , takes pride in her own fighting spirit and determination to make it through .
In fact , she named her younger son after James J. Braddock , the boxer in Cinderella Man whose comeback allowed him to pay back every dime he got in welfare payments during the Depression .
" That moment showed such pride and honor , " she says .
" I hope to keep our spirits high and hold onto our honor .
But it is n't easy . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The recent news that Conan O’Brien will be replaced by Jay Leno has caused white people to erupt with rage and hostility .
You might even expect them to lash out and do something about it like take to the streets or write a letter to NBC to voice their dissatisfaction with the network .
But no , white people will solve this problem the way that they solved the election crisis in Iran – through Facebook and Twitter status updates .
In 2009 , millions of white people took 35 seconds to turn their twitter profiles green , and consequently sent a very powerful message to the leaders of Iran .
Their message was that they wanted their friends to know that they would stop at nothing to ensure freedom and democracy for the Iranian people .
Thanks in large part to that effort Iran is now completely democratic .
With that issue settled , white people are launching a similar campaign for Conan that is sure to have similar results .
It is not hard to understand why white people love Conan O’Brien , he embodies so many of the things they already like before he even opens his mouth : Ivy League Schools , Red Hair , the Boston Red Sox , Self Deprecating Humor , The Simpsons , and Bad Memories of High School ( likely , but not confirmed ) .
Seeing him on television five nights a week is a comforting reminder of community to the white people who still have televisions .
But if your plan is to try to use Conan O’Brien as a way to get white people to become more interested you , then it is imperative that you understand a few key rules .
Firstly , all white people love “ the masturbating bear , ” if you do n’t know what this is , do not worry .
Just state your love for the character , and the white person you are talking to will simply fill in the rest .
Secondly , all white people believe that Andy Richter never should have left the show .
And finally , you should do your best to develop a “ Triumph the Insult Comic Dog ” impression .
All white people already have one , so you might as well try to fit in .
Complete these steps and watch your friendship with white people become considerably smoother .
Now , the biggest and most important thing to remember is to never , under any circumstances bring up a Conan O’Brien sketch or joke that has taken place in the last three years .
You will be met with only blank stares .
For you see , while white people will fiercely support Conan O’Brien in any public forum , they always fail to support him in the only way that actually helps – by watching his show .
Note : Under no circumstances should you ever mention that you prefer Jay Leno .
This might cause white people to think you have the same taste in humor as the wrong kind of white people , or worse , their parents .
“ It ’s a great day to fight for working families , ” thundered Ohio AFL - CIO President Joe Rugola , to the cheers of hundreds at the March for Jobs in Columbus , Ohio , on Thursday .
“ It ’s snowing here and they ’re sitting up there in Wall St. , nice and warm .
But I ’ll tell you , it ’s going to get a whole lot hotter there , as we organize and fight for jobs and security for working families here in America ! ”
“ Hey , hey , ho , ho , Wall St. greed ’s gotta go , ” “ People ’s needs , not Wall St. greed , ” and “ We need JOBS , now , ” echoed off buildings in downtown Columbus , as hundreds braved the latest snowstorm to march to the Ohio State Capital building , calling for jobs and relief for working families .
“ I came to the march to fight for jobs , for me , but especially for our families , ” said unemployed sheet metal worker Mary Young .
“ I ’ve worked four months in the last two years , and had to go to Tennessee to even get part time work , ” she said .
“ It ’s ridiculous !
These billionaires just take more and more and more from working folks .
Even when they hire a few , they wo n’t hire the women , ” she said .
The Columbus March for Jobs is expected to be just the first of many , according to Working America Director Dan Heck .
“ We ’re working with others , building committees to work for jobs , ” he said , but we felt we just had to begin to go public .
People are mad , and they should be .
We just felt like we ’d start the ball rolling . ”
The jobs march was sponsored by Working America , Ohio and Columbus AFL - CIO bodies , Progress Ohio , SOAR and Jobs with Justice .
These groups are part of the core forces that are setting up a Jobs for America Now Organizing Committee in Columbus .
“ Do n’t believe them when they tell you it ’s about government spending , its not .
It is about corporate greed , plain and simple , ” shouted State Rep Dan Stewart , to loud cheers .
“ We have millions out of work , people are suffering , ” he said , “ but CEOs now are averaging over 400 times the pay of workers .
Billionaires are bailed out , but our people starve !
The five biggest insurance companies made $ 12 billion in profits this year .
They did n’t make that providing health care to people , they did it my denying health care to people , throwing people off of health care coverage .
This must end !
We need good jobs & health care for our people again ! ”
Marie Fetters is a township trustee from rural Wayne County , but drove through the snow to participate in the march at the state capital .
“ Wayne County is farm country , ” she said , “ but we ’re not immune .
They just closed the DHC plant , throwing hundreds out of work .
We need jobs , too ! ”
Tim Burga , operations director of the Ohio AFL - CIO , was introduced as “ our local celebrity , ” after right - wing talk show jock Rush Limbaugh had recently attacked him as a “ union thug ” on his national program .
“ Rush certainly appears to be worried about what we ’re doing here , and he damned well ought to be .
It ’s the corporate thieves that pay his way that we ’re going after , ” Burga said , to the cheers of the crowd .
“ They ’re getting richer and our people are without work or aid .
We ’re here to demand Good Jobs Now ! ”
Two young African American men were dressed in dark suits , passing out materials along the march .
I first thought they may be with the Nation of Islam , but noticed they carried Monopoly games and were passing out Monopoly money .
“ We just felt like it ’s Monopoly money to the big CEOs , ” said Stan Osei-Bonsu .
“ We ’ve lost over a quarter of all manufacturing jobs in our entire nation , but the CEO of Lehman Brothers takes home $ 484 million .
Man , that ’s obscene !
That ’s Monopoly money ! ”
“ We need real jobs , not make believe money and make believe jobs , ” Jihad Seifullah chimed in .
“ They keep talking about education , training , like that is supposed to bring in jobs .
I ’m trained !
I ’m educated , ” he said , “ but we need real jobs ! ”
Photo : Union members participate in the call for job creation .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/fibonacciblue/ / CC BY 2.0
Ecologist Viorel Popescu and students are studying the population of Ohio bobcats – which have been rebounding in numbers – to help inform the state ’s wildlife management strategy for the animals .
I ’m sort of inured to pain by this point .
Anesthetic is illegal for people like me , so we learn to live without it ; I ’ve made scalpel incisions in my hands , pushed five - millimeter diameter needles through my skin , and once used a vegetable knife to carve a cavity into the tip of my index finger .
I ’m an idiot , but I ’m an idiot working in the name of progress : I ’m Lepht Anonym , scrapheap transhumanist .
I work with what I can get .
Sadly , they do n’t do it like that on TV .
The art of improving the human is shiny and bright in the media .
You see million - euro cryogenics policies and hormonal life - extension regimes that only the elite can afford .
You see the hypothesis of an immortal silicon body to house your artificially - enhanced mind .
You could buy that too , maybe , if you sold most of your organic body and the home it lives in .
But you can do something to bring it down a notch : homebrewing .
My first foray was into RFID ( radio frequency identification ) following Amal Graafstra .
He ’s famous for having his doctor implant him with a passive ID ampoule .
After one visit to an outraged state GP here in Scotland ( “ I would n’t do it even if I could , and I have no idea why you want to do it ! ” ) , I was fairly certain I ’d been born in the wrong country for that — here , doctors would be struck off the records for helping me .
I was on my own .
Luckily , I ’m far too stupid to be stopped by bureaucracy .
I bought my first Swann - Morton scalpel online , scrubbed the cleanest bathroom we could get with household bleach , settled myself cross-legged over the bathtub with my spotter , and poised the blade over the Biro - ink line I ’d drawn for guidance .
For a few minutes , I doubted whether I ’d even be able to do it — cutting yourself open is not something we ’re adapted to be good at .
Contemplating St. Gibson , I took the plunge .
It took a few weeks to heal , and when it did , with some help from my local gurus I was able to program a cheap open - source Phidgets RFID reader to recognise the chip ’s hexadecimal ID .
The piece of C code that did it resided on a Linux machine and ran in the background while the reader was connected , waiting for my chip to show up .
In short , it could see me and print a little “ hi ” when it did .
That ’s just garbage programming , too — you can see the potential if it was given to a real coder .
The chip works with any homebrew RFID project : Graafstra ’s RFID keyboard , for instance , grants or revokes access to my XP box based on whether the user is lepht or not .
You want a laptop tracking system ?
A door that only lets you in ?
A safe that wo n’t allow keypad input if you ’re not next to it ?
All you need is an ampoule ( you get five for a euro , the last time I checked ) , from any RFID hobby place , a cheap reader , and a touch of disregard for risks .
Salvage a keyboard from your local dump and you ’ve got a simple system for bioidentification .
RFID chips work on passive power .
Readers take power from a USB to generate magnetic fields .
The chips contain copper coils to convert the magnetic field back into an electric one that they can use as their power source .
After the RFID op , I acquired another implant that works with EM fields , the neodymium - 60 nodule pioneered by Steve Haworth .
The implants sit in various places under my skin : middle fingertips of my left hand , back of the right hand , right forearm — tiny magnets , five or six millimeters across , coated in gold and then in silicon to isolate the delicate metal from the destructive environment of your body .
They ’re something of an investment at about thirty euros apiece , and hard to get hold of , but worth pursuing .
When implanted , they become technological sensory organs .
There ’s an entire world of electromagnetic radiation out there , invisible to most .
Our cities are saturated with it .
A radio , for instance , gives off a field that ’s bigger than the device itself .
So do power supplies and wires in the walls .
The implants pick up on the fields , and because they ’re magnets , they fizz with gentle electricity , telling you this hard drive is currently active , that one is turned off , there ’s the main line in the wall .
Holding a mobile phone , you can feel the signals it sends and receives .
You know it ’s ringing before it starts to play any sounds , and when you answer it , you stick the touchscreen stylus to the back of your hand to hold it , then to your finger to type .
After a while , you do n’t notice anything novel about this at all .
Building computers , you pick up screws that have fallen down into the motherboard with one fingertip and stick them on the back of your wrist for safekeeping .
You know not to touch the board when it ’s powered , because your hands can “ see ” whether it is or not , just like you can see whether the hard drives being tested on the machine next to it are actually being written to or not .
It ’s just like any other sense , except that this one can be given to you for the price of a node , a needle and a bottle of antiseptic .
A new way of seeing the world , all for about fifty euros .
There ’s nothing stopping you except your own sense of self - preservation .
I say all this not to show off , but to invite more people in .
I dream of seeing more body - tweakers around who are into these things .
I know there are people out there who could open up home modification like we ’ve never dreamed .
Turn off the TV .
Pick up that needle .
Come to the junkyard .
Watching commercials for vitamin pills on TV and thinking you need a mad scientist ’s lab to be a transhumanist ?
You do n’t .
I ’ve got no money , talent or backing .
You just need curiosity and the willingness to withstand some pain .
Risk , not money , is our obstacle .
Is it yours ?
Are you reading this magazine right now ?
Do you think like that ?
What could we achieve together ?
Lepht Anonym is the Silver City ’s pseudo - anonymous biohacker , famous only in Aberdonian emergency rooms .
It Lives for transhumanism .
You can contact it at lepht@trioptimum.com .
Loy Krathong Begins and Lanterns Fly in Mae Jo , Thailand
Yesterday night trumped all sights I ’ve seen yet in my limited travels .
The Loy Krathong festival began Saturday , and by happenstance we learned that the epicenter of the evening was at the Mae Jo Agricultural University about 30 minutes north of town .
Fast forward to what I saw :
10,000 lanterns in the sky !
Here ’s a video J. and I shot .
Sorry for the low res .
Loy Krathong is a Buddhist adaptation of the Hindu festival honoring the water gods .
The primary foci are releasing floating candles ( the “ loi krathong ” which give the festival its name ) into waterways to carry away bad luck , grudges , and other ill feelings .
Additionally , thousands of paper lanterns are released into the sky for similar symbolic purposes .
There ’s a poorly written entry on Wikipedia for more information .
We hopped on the bike and drove to the school ahead of the crowds .
Parking was available on a dirt road atop a canal ’s levee .
Crowds were beginning to develop along the water and meditation grounds .
Vendors lined their carts along the canal .
They sold food , lanterns , and loi krathong .
Kids and teens had already started shooting off fireworks .
The canal felt a bit like a war zone .
The canal and rickety bridge .
Monks of the bamboo .
Kids throwing firecrackers into the canal .
Woman selling cotton candy .
Colorful loi krathong for sale .
The bulk of the festivities took place along a stage and large lawn lined with torches .
Around 5:30 the dancing began .
Various shows were performed in traditional Thai styles .
Children , adults , and various groups participated .
As the sun set , there was a Buddhist meditation ceremony .
Monk amongst torches .
The catwalk .
Beauty queen .
Lantern .
Part of the Thai orchestra .
Dancers .
More dancers offstage , scoping the competition .
A lot of Thai dances are very subtle and rely on complicated movement of the hands .
More dancers .
Monks waiting around for something .
A 200 strong group of housewives performs a candle dance .
Decorative lantern lights in a tree .
J. waiting for the real fun to begin .
Then , the moment everyone was waiting for : the lighting of the lanterns .
Candles were lit , people unfurled their charges and lighted the wicks .
People waiting for the command to release .
J. and our lantern .
Ladies and their lantern .
Release .
Ascension .
Jackpot !
Fireworks .
More fireworks .
And more .
They made the sky look like galaxies .
Most lanterns were released simultaneously .
The officials estimated 10,000 lanterns , and I believe it .
I ’ve never seen anything like this .
It ’s like standing at the bottom of an illuminated ocean of jelly fish , or maybe flying through outer space .
After the first batch of lanterns , people continued to launch more over the next few hours .
The sky was a steady field of twinkling man-made stars .
There were fireworks and music .
It was very beautiful , more a dreamworld than real .
On the way home , we got caught in horrible traffic .
The bikes and cars were packed together like fish in an aluminum container full of brine and oil with a pull top that peels off .
I had to take off my helmet because the air was so full of exhaust .
On the drive home , we passed by the grey blobs of lanterns that had fallen from the sky .
They lined the road , were stuck on power lines , trees , and buildings .
There are more days of festival ahead of us .
I ’m looking forward to heading to the river in town to experience again the beautiful battlefield that is this celebration of floats , flames , fireworks , parades , and food .
Note : J. posted a bunch more of my lantern photos on her blog too .
14 Comments
Leave a Comment
Do n't look now but this may be the year when Apple 's market cap does the unthinkable and surpasses Microsoft's .
Congratulations will be in order but so will condolences .
For a company preoccupied with products is in danger of becoming a company preoccupied with strategy .
And by " strategy , " we mean zero - sum maneuvering versus hated rivals .
Oh well , it 's a fallen world we live in .
Take ...
A voter initiative to legalize medical marijuana in Arizona probably will go to the voting booth in November , and if it passes , the state hopes to tax the ever - loving crap out of medicinal weed .
The Arizona Senate passed SB 1222 yesterday , which allows the state government to levy huge taxes on medical marijuana , should the initiative pass in November .
Several Republicans -- including Senate President Bob Burns -- voted alongside Democrats to pass the bill , which would subject weed to the state 's 5.6 percent sales tax and throw an additional $ 20 " luxury Tax " on each ounce of weed sold .
Most drugs and medical supplies are exempt from taxes all together , let alone have a " luxury tax . "
Backers say the majority of those who would be permitted to buy the medical marijuana are people with debilitating diseases , including cancer patients looking to ease chronic pain .
The Arizona Medical Marijuana Policy Project is leading the effort to get medical marijuana legalized in Arizona and should the initiative pass in November , those eligible for the weed would be allowed to buy 2.5 ounces of it every two weeks .
Organizers of the initiative say they do n't oppose the tax and that the goal is not to completely legalize marijuana the way people are trying to do in other states .
" This will be the most tightly regulated [ program ] in the country .
It 's not going to be anything like California's , " project campaign manager Andrew Myers told New Times back in July .
" The truth of the matter is this is an overwhelmingly popular measure .
Ballot access is the big issue . "
Click here for more information on the medical marijuana initiative .
What we learned from governor 's coronavirus update
As Indiana continues its work to limit the spread of the coronavirus , Gov. Eric Holcomb held another virtual news conference on Wednesday , Sept. 30 .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - China now has more people with diabetes than any other country , a new report shows , making it clear that the nation ’s soaring economic growth is taking a toll on public health .
A Type 1 diabetic fills her needle with insulin in downtown Los Angeles July 30 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
According to the report , more than 92 million adults in China have diabetes , and nearly 150 million more are well on their way to developing it .
The disease is more common in people with large waistlines and in those who live in cities , the report indicates .
“ For every person in the world with HIV there are three people in China with diabetes , ” said David Whiting , an epidemiologist with the International Diabetes Federation , who was not involved in the research .
The Federation projected last year that some 435 million people would have diabetes by 2030 .
“ With this new study , we ’re going to have to rerun our estimate , ” Whiting told Reuters Health .
The report , published Thursday in the New England Journal of Medicine , is based on a nationally representative sample of more than 46,000 people who were tested for diabetes .
For each person , doctors measured blood sugar levels up to two hours after subjects had swallowed a sugar solution or , in cases where diabetes was suspected , eaten a bun .
Because people with diabetes can’t use the sugar in their blood effectively , a high blood sugar level indicates disease .
Based on their findings , the researchers calculate that about 50 million men and 42 million women have diabetes , or almost 1 in 10 adults .
And in most cases , the disease is undiagnosed .
The prevalence is twice as high as estimates suggested by previous studies , which did not use World Health Organization - recommended tests to diagnose diabetes , and is similar to US numbers .
It would place China far ahead of India , whose estimated 50 million diabetics lands it a dubious second place in terms of the total number of people with diabetes .
“ These data really show diabetes has become a major epidemic in China , ” Dr. Jiang He , of Tulane University in New Orleans , told Reuters Health .
He , who worked on the new study with colleagues in China , noted that diabetes is a risk factor for heart disease , which is now the biggest killer in the country .
“ We basically need to make diabetes one of the top priorities for public health in China , ” he said .
Dr. Vivian Fonseca , a diabetes expert at Tulane who was not involved in the study , said rates of the disease have soared in many countries around the world -- including China and India -- mainly because of the larger calorie intake and reduction in physical activity that come with better economies .
“ There is really nothing surprising in this , ” Fonseca said .
“ Exactly what has happened in the US over the last 20 years is going to happen much faster in these countries . ”
According to the new report , more than one in seven people were “ pre-diabetic , ” meaning they had increases in blood sugar levels that often lead to full - blown disease .
But moderate changes in lifestyle , such as walking 30 minutes every day or eating a little less , could go a long way in changing this grim picture , experts say .
“ The challenge now , ” Fonseca said , “ is to make sure that everybody increases physical activity and cuts back on calories . ”
SOURCE : The New England Journal of Medicine , March 25 , 2010 .
THE FOCUS ON YEMEN ….
The claims have not yet been independently corroborated , but Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who apparently tried to bring down an airplane over Michigan on Christmas , has told officials he “ obtained explosive chemicals and a syringe that were sewn into his underwear from a bomb expert in Yemen associated with Al Qaeda . ”
The Yemeni connection was also apparently the thrust of a briefing given to key congressional lawmakers .
One of them , Rep. Peter Hoekstra ( R ) of Michigan , who tried to politicize the incident shortly after it occurred , used Twitter yesterday to suggest the Obama administration has paid insufficient attention to Yemen .
Given that Hoekstra is the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee , he probably should realize that the Obama administration is paying a great deal of attention to Yemen .
Yemeni forces , backed by the United States , launched a major attack Thursday on a meeting of senior al - Qaeda operatives thought to include the Yemeni American cleric linked to the suspect in the Fort Hood shootings , U.S. and Yemeni officials said . [… ]
[ T ]he U.S. involvement in the strike in southeastern Yemen — along with a similar strike in the country last week — appears to reflect greater willingness by the Obama administration to use military force in confronting terrorists outside the traditional war zones of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Last week ’s strike was seen at the time as the most significant example of the new approach , according to a senior U.S. official with knowledge of the planning and execution of the attack .
The attack on al Qaeda in Yemen late last week — personally approved by President Obama — was executed with “ intelligence and firepower ” supplied by the United States , representing the widest offensive against Yemeni jihadists in years .
What ’s more , as Faiz Shakir noted , “ [ B] oth Obama and his homeland security adviser , John Brennan , have cited Yemen as a key concern … .
Despite Hoekstra ’s desire to make a political issue of the terrorist attack , the evidence is clear that the terrorist threat emanating from Yemen has been a focal point for the Obama administration . ”
If the reaction from right - wing blogs is any indication , conservatives are already in full - tantrum mode .
( Gold star to the reader who can identify a prominent far - right site demanding U.S. officials begin torturing Abdulmutallab . )
But as Matt Yglesias explained , U.S. efforts are proceeding as they should : “ Al - Qaeda ’s ideological support appears to be on the wane .
The logistical capabilities displayed by things like this attempted airplane explosion are unimpressive .
Military campaigns are underway against their hideouts in Yemen and Pakistan .
Things are basically going fine . ”
DOJ Argues Advocacy Groups Can't Sue Over Executive Order Targeting Social Media Sites
The Trump administration says the groups , including Rock the Vote , have n't been injured yet ( and may never be ) because the government is still just studying internet policy and has n't taken any " concrete " action .
Correspondent Richard Posner wrote an interesting blog post suggesting six ways that the U.S. could stimulate economic growth , without making the debt much worse .
I agree with much said in the post , but there 's one point that I want to pick at a little .
Posner believes that ending the drug war would help .
I 'm not so sure .
There are many philosophical reasons for ending the drug war that are quite compelling .
If you have any libertarian friends , just ask them , and I 'm sure they 'll happily rant on for hours .
There are also a couple of economic benefits that I 've heard .
But providing for more economic growth is n't an argument I 've come across very often .
Here 's what Posner proposes :
Decriminalize most drug offenses in order to reduce the prison population , perhaps by as much as a half , which will both economize on government expenditures and increase the number of workers .
( Again and for the same reason , phase in gradually . )
Effect On The Federal Budget
Let 's look at how much the federal government actually spends on prisons each year .
That can be found in the Federal Prison System Budget Request for 2011 ( .pdf ) .
In 2010 , federal prisons cost taxpayers $ 6.2 billion .
While I would n't say we should ignore spending a sum that size , in the grand scheme of budgets and deficits , that is n't much .
Recall , the 2010 deficit projection is $ 1.6 trillion .
That means if we eliminated all federal prisons , we would reduce the deficit by four - tenths of a percentage point .
And , as Posner mentions , drug - related crimes account about half of the federal prisoners .
So really , the effect would be only half of that tiny reduction , and again , there are surely some drug laws you 'd want to remain intact .
So the portion would be even smaller -- less than two - tenths of a percentage point of the federal deficit .
Effect On State Budgets
Yet , federal prisons only account for a fraction of prisoners .
According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics ' Prisoners in 2008 report ( .pdf ) , there were about 200,000 federal prisoners and 1.3 million state prisoners .
So if you shrunk prisoners overall , that would definitely help the states ' fiscal health too .
But , as it turns out , the report also shows that a far larger portion of federal prisoners than state prisoners are incarcerated due to drug - related crimes .
While drugs convictions caused the prison terms of close to 50 % of federal prisoners , they caused the incarceration of only 20 % of state prisoners .
So using the numbers above , you could conclude that 100,000 federal prisoners and 260,000 state prisoners are incarcerated because of drugs .
Assuming similar costs on the state level , that would spread a maximum cost - savings of $ 7.8 billion over the 50 states .
Again , that number is not insignificant , but it would n't have a dramatic impact on state budgets .
More Hard - To - Employ , Low - Skilled Workers
So what happens if you unleash 360,000 prisoners into the population ?
Well , it probably would n't help that 9.7 % national unemployment rate come down much more quickly .
Of course , Posner says that these changes should be made gradually , so not to shock unemployment .
But given how slow an employment recovery is expected , just how gradual would that have to be ?
Over five years ?
Ten years ?
And how much would these additional workers really help GDP ?
It is n't very easy for those who have been in prison to find good jobs .
And it 's even harder if employers are being picky due to a huge population of unemployed workers .
Over probably the next decade , the problem for the U.S. is n't going to be not enough unskilled workers , but too many .
As far as I can see , this would exacerbate the problem .
Drugs And Productivity
Finally , I have a little trouble with the notion that legalizing drugs would increase economic growth , because I worry about the effect on worker productivity .
Sure , I know , alcohol is legal now , and workers are pretty productive .
But just which drugs are we talking about legalizing here ?
Marijuana is probably relatively benign .
But where do we draw the line ?
Do we legalize LSD ?
How about Ecstasy ?
PCP ?
Cocaine ?
Heroin ?
All of those drugs are mind - altering .
All can have significant negative effects on the brain , even if used only occasionally .
While liberty advocates might argue that it's the right of individuals to screw up their brain as much as they like , that 's very different from claiming that increased drug use would bring more economic growth .
Duller minds would probably result in less productive workers , which would lower future economic growth .
An Excise Tax
On a purely statistic level , if you bring the drug trade above ground , then any revenue created would add to GDP .
So in a sense , by definition , it would increase U.S. GDP , even though that business had gone on before , but was n't accounted for in official economic statistics .
I guess you could kind of call it farming .
Or pharmaceuticals ?
But I 'm a little bit dubious on the notion that the U.S. would root for its future growth to be driven by mind - altering drugs .
The only real , tangible way that I could see any economic benefit to certain drugs being legalized is through regulation .
Excise taxes on less harmful drugs , like marijuana , could definitely bring in some tax revenue on the state and federal levels to help combat the deficit -- if the additional tax revenue is really used for that purpose .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement MPs have quizzed the scientist at the centre of the " climategate " scandal , the first time he has been questioned in public since the row erupted .
Professor Phil Jones used his appearance before the science committee to say that he had done nothing wrong .
Earlier , critics told the MPs that the stolen e-mails , which appeared on the internet in November , raised questions about the integrity of climate science .
Lord Lawson called for scientists to be more open about their methodologies .
In November , more than 1,000 stolen messages between scientists at the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) , based at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) , and their peers around the world were posted on the web , along with other documents .
Climate " sceptics " have claimed that the stolen data show that some researchers , including Professor Jones , have attempted to manipulate data in order to strengthen the argument that human activities are responsible for warming the planet .
They have also criticised Professor Jones for failing to make raw data and methodology available for public scrutiny , despite numerous Freedom of Information requests .
Question of trust " The Freedom of Information Act should not have been brought into this , " former Chancellor Lord Lawson of Blaby , a longstanding critic of climate policy , told MPs .
The e-mails were stolen or leaked from the University of East Anglia " Scientists of integrity reveal ... all of their data and all their methods .
They do n't need Freedom of Information
Act requests to get this out of them . "
Also giving evidence alongside Lord Lawson was Dr Benny Peiser , director of the Global Warming Policy Foundation .
He said that sound science was based on " testability , replication , and verification " .
Dr Peiser told the committee : " Of course , if you do not have the data sets or methods then you have to trust the word of a scientist .
" You can not even see if he has done these calculations directly on the basis of solid data , and this is the core of this problem - it is not about the overall science , it is about the process . "
When asked if his organisation was planning to carry out its own modelling , he replied : " We are not in the business of climate modelling . "
Professor Jones , who has stepped down as the director of CRU pending the findings of an independent inquiry , told MPs : " We have given them the finished product available from the very beginning but not the raw [ weather ] station data .
" Most scientists do not want to deal with the raw station data , they would rather deal with a derived product . "
When challenged about the contents of one of the stolen e-mails in which Professor Jones told a critic of his work that he would not make information available because the data would only be used to undermine his findings , he admitted that he had written a number of " very awful e-mails " .
Professor Edward Acton , vice - chancellor of UEA , told the committee that it was not possible to make the entire international data set available because of a " commercial promise " .
He explained that a number of contributing nations - including Canada , Poland and Sweden - had refused to make their segments of data publicly available .
The committee is expected to publish its findings before the general election .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Games have " gotten away from genuinely scaring the player , " and Half - Life , whenever it deploys its next episode , needs to get back to doing just that , the game 's boss said .
Advertisement
Gabe Newell , the Valve honcho , was asked if the game 's tone has matured along with its audience 's over the past 12 years .
He told Edge Magazine that the game 's writers had n't necessarily proceeded in that direction , although if the game 's themes had changed it was because " simply repeating the past is n't going to have the same impact now as it did then .
However , " I feel like we 've gotten away from genuinely scaring the player more than I 'd like , and it 's something we need to think about , in addition to broadening the emotional palette we can draw on . "
Advertisement
And Newell knows exactly what pushes those emotional buttons .
Asked what scares
Valve 's gamers the most , he replied : " The death of their children .
The fading of their own abilities . "
Gabe Newell : Next Half - Life Needs to Scare [ CVG ]
Click here to visit our Half - Life 2 : Episode
Three timeline !
“ I was hired as a ‘ best practices consultant ’ to help bring a 300 - developer company ’s development practices into the 21st century , ” wrote Ian , “ and after six months , I had failed . ”
“ Our first objective was to introduce automated unit testing .
They had all sorts of horribly interconnected code , and the tests would help reduce the fix - here / break - there problems .
However , after many , many tutorial sessions with developers , and quite a few long meetings spent trying to convince them of the benefits , no tests emerged .
The developers stubbornly held that testers should test code , not them . ”
Ian continued , “ Adding some teeth to our policies , we set - up a continuous integration server that emailed everyone reports of unit test code coverage .
This way , managers could take responsibility for getting their teams to write unit tests .
That seemed to do the trick : the number of unit tests and code coverage started to steadily climb on all projects . ”
“ I finally felt that all my efforts were worthwhile , ” he added , “ the overall health of the team ’s code would now increase immeasurably .
Less bugs , less time manual testing , and all that good stuff .
And then I started to look at the unit test code . ”
public class StaticDataRequestTest { @ Test public void startClientReqest ( ) { try { new StaticDataRequest ( ) . on Data ( null ) ; assertEquals ( " processing client static data request " , true , true ) ; } catch ( Exception ex ) { assertEquals ( " processing client static data request " , true , true ) ; } } }
Ian added , “ I guess we got what we asked for . ”
Smart electric grids are championed by the federal government , conservation groups and industry as good for the economy and the environment .
The digital meters in homes enable measurement and two - way communication with utilities so consumers can trim electricity use .
But some technology policy organizations worry that smart meters pose a potential threat to privacy and could be exploited by online marketers , government agencies , criminals and others .
In a filing with the California Public Utilities Commission last week , the Center for Democracy and Technology and the Electronic Frontier Foundation presented their concerns and recommended new rules on the collection and use of smart grid data .
Traditional electromechanical meters — attached to the side of a house — are typically read once a month or less .
New digital meters will collect data 750 to 3,000 times a month .
Such fine - grained metering , privacy experts say , will make it possible to put together a picture of household life : when the people who live there get up , when they get home , what appliances they use most and when they go on vacation .
The policy groups argued for the adoption of “ Fair Information Practice Principles ” that call for informing consumers about what data is collected and how it is used and giving them control over who can see their data , even if it is stripped of personally identifying information like names and addresses .
The principles would also limit what data can be collected and for what purposes and make utilities accountable for how third parties use customer data .
That approach to privacy protection would be a tougher standard than the norm in the online world , in which Web sites are supposed to clearly inform consumers about data - handling practices and give them choices to limit how their data is used .
The recommended principles , the filing states , “ go beyond the currently dominant — and discredited — model of ‘ notice and choice . ' ”
Energy - thrifty California is at the forefront of adopting smart grid technology , as the $ 4.5 billion in the federal economic stimulus package earmarked for modernizing the electricity grid begins to be spent in earnest .
“ This technology is very promising , but we should try to manage privacy early , before there is a problem , ” said Jennifer Urban , co-director of the Samuelson Law , Technology and Public Policy Clinic at the University of California , Berkeley .
Her organization prepared the filing on behalf of the technology - and - privacy groups .
So : those televised prime ministerial debates will definitely be happening in the runup to the election .
The excitement is hard to contain : three separate primetime shows on Sky , ITV and the Beeb in which Brown , Cameron and Clegg will get the opportunity to talk and talk and talk and talk and talk .
And possibly jig .
But mainly talk .
Depending on your point of view , this is either a refreshing opportunity for politicians to connect with the electorate , or the least sexy hour of television since that Channel 4 documentary where they chopped up an elephant .
Even though its power and influence are in decline , TV still fascinates and horrifies politicians in equal measure .
They 're attracted by its potential to hypnotise and pacify millions , but repelled by its laser - like ability to magnify physical flaws or tonal cock - ups .
It 's like a magic amulet that can sometimes control the masses , but also might explode in the user 's hand at any time .
Obviously image is paramount .
On TV , no matter how eloquent you are , 75 % of the audience can't even hear what you 're saying : they 're too busy making subconscious judgments about the tone of your voice or the angle of your lips .
Conventional wisdom would have it that Gordon Brown is clearly at a massive disadvantage here , since he 's slowly come to resemble a lumbering , doomy Mr Snuffaluffagus with all the carefree joie de vivre of the Kursk submarine disaster .
But Cameron and Clegg are , if anything , a bit too telegenic , a bit too slick , a bit too clean - cut and heigh - ho .
They 've tried too hard to appeal in soundbite pop-up form : stretched over an hour , they may start to grate , their smooth appearances unexpectedly conspiring against them .
Cameron in particular looks like a boring dot-eyed " nice " neighbour from an underwhelming Christian soap opera .
He 's a replicant ; an Auton ; a humanoid ; a piece of adaptive software that 's learned to appeal to your likes and dislikes – " customers who bought Tony Blair also bought the following " – but inadvertently creeped you out in the process .
Let 's face it : if you discovered he does n't have a belly button or any pubic hair , and spends one night each week lying semi-conscious , face - down , " recharging " inside a giant white laboratory pod filled with amniotic fluid , you would n't be entirely surprised .
And voters are likely to sense that eerie unearthliness .
He 'd better stutter or fluff a few times , just to throw them off the scent .
But even if all three manage to flawlessly imitate human beings , defeat may still be snatched from the jaws of victory : if Nick Clegg spends the first 50 minutes rousing the audience with his fiery , lyrical rhetoric – as per usual – only to sneeze unexpectedly five minutes before the end , leaving a giant pendulum of mucus dangling off the end of his conk , the unfortunate mishap would be looped and repeated ad nauseam on every rolling news bulletin for weeks to come .
He'd be Mr Snot .
And do you want to vote for Mr Snot ?
No way .
What if he sneezed on the nuclear button ?
He 's out of the running .
Which leaves you choosing between a haunted elephant or the humanoid .
( There are other parties you could vote for , obviously .
But they 're excluded from the debates and therefore no longer exist – a terrible blow for Nick Griffin , who was hoping to win over the public with his devilish good looks and impish personality . )
So : mammoth or android .
Which is it to be ?
To help you choose , the news networks will doubtless offer post - match analysis of each nanosecond .
Professional Westminster spods will deconstruct each sentence in search of hidden meanings , like scientists translating garbled messages from space .
A body - language expert will discuss Cameron 's eyebrows for 38 minutes .
A fashionista will tell us who wore the best shirt .
And every other citizen in the country will be asked to deliver their opinion via vox pop , email , tweet , phone poll or synchronised Mexican wave .
Eventually a consensus will form regarding who won , at which point the lucky victor will be given the keys to 10 Downing Street , a fly - drive holiday for two courtesy of Virgin Atlantic , a five - album recording contract with Sony BMG , and an ITV2 reality show of their very own .
So terrifying - yet - alluring is the prospect of the debates , the parties have only consented to take part provided each broadcaster adheres to a series of 76 rules , drawn up in advance .
Every aspect will be controlled , from the time allocated to each question , to the layout of the set – even the framing of audience cutaway shots is crucial .
Presumably spin doctors from all three parties will be lurking ominously on the sidelines , ready to run in and kick the cameramen to death if their candidate starts looking too sweaty .
You can already picture Andy Coulson in the wings , chewing gum and eavesdropping on the gallery audio feed , which has been illegally tapped by a private detective and routed directly into Andy Coulson 's earpiece without Andy Coulson 's knowledge .
Curiously , one thing that 's left open to the broadcaster is the opening and closing credits .
Rule 68 states that " each broadcaster [ is ] responsible for their own titles , music , branding etc " .
If I was running ITN – which , at the time of writing , I 'm not – I 'd make the most of this sole crumb of freedom by creating an insanely inappropriate title sequence in which a claymation Brown , Cameron and Clegg take turns performing sex acts on a cow , a kettle and a hole in the ground , all of it backed by the old It 's a Knockout theme tune .
Then it abruptly cuts live to the studio , where all three leaders have been waiting to speak , watching with mounting horror as this sickening cartoon unfolded on the monitors .
As they storm out , a body language expert analyses their facial expressions , and the studio audience waves giant foam hands around .
It might not affect the election either way , but who cares : that 's entertainment .
Greek Debt Crisis Proposal for European Monetary Fund Wins EU Support
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble has suggested setting up a European monetary fund to enable the euro zone to tackle debt crises such as that seen in Greece without resorting to the IMF .
EU Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn has welcomed the idea .
Anzeige
Wenn die Mitarbeiter der Gesellschaft für technische Zusammenarbeit ( GTZ ) in die Dritte Welt reisen , sind sie gewöhnlich hochwillkommen .
Beispielsweise unterstützen die deutschen Entwicklungshelfer Länder wie Bangladesch , Kenia oder Sierra Leone bei der Umsetzung der UN - Konvention gegen Korruptionsbekämpfung ( UNCAC ) .
Wie wandelt man das Vertragswerk in nationale Gesetze um ?
Wie wird das neue Recht in der Praxis durchgesetzt ?
Fragen , mit denen Regierungen in Afrika oder Asien oft überfordert sind .
In ihren Nachhilfestunden können die Lehrmeister aus Deutschland allerdings nur hoffen , dass ihre Schüler keine kritischen Fragen stellen .
Denn eigentlich geht den GTZ - Experten bei der Korruptionsbekämpfung jede Glaubwürdigkeit ab .
Zwar hat die Bundesrepublik , der Eigentümer der GTZ , die Anti-Korruptions - Konvention unterschrieben – aber anders als 143 andere Staaten nach sieben Jahren noch nicht ratifiziert .
Der Grund : Die Abgeordneten im Bundestag können sich nicht dazu durchringen , diejenigen Vorschriften zu verschärfen , die sie selbst betreffen .
„ Peinlich “ , findet das Christian Humborg von der Anti-Korruptionsorganisation Transparency International .
„ Mit deutschen Steuergeldern soll anderen Ländern vermittelt werden , wie sie Korruption bekämpfen .
Dabei schafft es Deutschland selbst nicht , den Anforderungen der UN - Konvention gerecht zu werden . “
Anzeige
Deutschland , eine Bimbesrepublik ?
Zumindest ist das Verhältnis zur Korruption hierzulande zwiespältig .
So wird Bestechung und Bestechlichkeit gerne gegeißelt – vor allem dann , wenn sie in anderen Ländern stattfindet , in Griechenland etwa .
Andererseits machen führende deutsche Konzerne immer wieder mit Bestechungsskandalen Negativschlagzeilen : Siemens zum Beispiel und MAN .
In dieser Woche erst musste Autobauer Daimler zugeben , jahrelang in vielen Ländern Beamte geschmiert zu haben .
Noch vor wenigen Jahren konnten deutsche Unternehmen im Ausland gezahlte Bestechungsgelder sogar daheim von der Steuer absetzen .
Das hat der Bundestag mittlerweile geändert .
Anders bei der Abgeordnetenbestechung : Unabhängig von den Mehrheitsverhältnissen im Bundestag geht es mit der Ratifizierung der UNCAC nicht voran .
SPD und Grüne fordern zwar inzwischen Fortschritte ein , doch auch sie kamen nicht voran , als sie noch die Regierungsmehrheit stellten .
Und aus dem Bundesjustizministerium heißt es nur , man prüfe derzeit , wie man der UN - Konvention genügen könne .
Abgeordnete machen sich hierzulande bis heute nur dann strafbar , wenn ihnen nachgewiesen werden kann , dass sie sich vor einer
Wahl oder einer Abstimmung in Ausschüssen oder im Plenum kaufen ließen .
Abstimmungen in Arbeitsgruppen oder Fraktionssitzungen erfasst das geltende Recht nicht , ebenso wenig wie Vorteile , die Dritten gewährt werden , oder regelmäßige Zuwendungen , die sogenannte Landschaftspflege .
Anzeige
„ Deutschland hat im Hinblick auf Abgeordnetenkorruption völlig unzureichende Vorschriften “ , sagt Experte Humborg .
Die geltende Regelung sei viel zu eng gefasst :
Hält der Parlamentarier etwa erst nach einer Abstimmung die Hand auf , so gehen die Beteiligten straffrei aus .
Im Klartext : Die Bestechung von Mandatsträgern ist nur dann verboten , wenn sich Geldgeber und - nehmer ziemlich dämlich anstellen .
„ Das Parlament muss dringend eine Lösung finden “ , sagt SPD - Fraktionsvize Olaf Scholz .
„ Das ist eine riesige juristische Aufgabe , aber man darf nicht davor zurückschrecken . “
Doch zu groß scheint das Unbehagen vieler Parlamentarier .
Sie wehren sich gegen den Gedanken , dass für Mandatsträger ( Politiker ) ähnlich strenge Regeln im deutschen Strafgesetzbuch gelten sollen wie für Amtsträger ( vor allem Beamte ) .
Besonders fürchten die Politiker , dass sich ihre gesamte Wahlkreisarbeit dann künftig in einer rechtlichen Grauzone abspielen würde .
Wäre die Einladung des Abgeordneten samt Ehefrau zu einem Firmenfest dann schon ein rechtswidriges „ Anfüttern “ , wie es im Jargon der Strafverfolger heißt ?
Und was ist mit den Absprachen , die Politiker mit Lobbyisten beim Dinner am Parlamentarischen Abend in Berlin treffen ?
Auch illegal ?
Anzeige
„ Sollte so eine Gesetzesänderung kommen , wird es wahre Schlammschlachten während der Wahlkampfzeiten geben “ , sagt ein Abgeordneter , der namentlich lieber nicht genannt werden möchte .
„ Da kann der Ruf eines Politikers vom politischen Gegner durch Strafanzeigen ins Blaue hinein ruiniert werden – egal , ob sich die Anschuldigungen im Nachhinein als wahr oder falsch erweisen . “
Dunkle Erinnerungen werden beschworen , etwa an den Fall Ronald Pofalla : Drei Tage vor der Landtagswahl in Nordrhein - Westfalen im Jahr 2000 wurden Ermittlungen wegen des Verdachts der Steuerhinterziehung gegen ihn bekannt .
Der heutige Chef des Bundeskanzleramts und seine damalige Ehefrau hätten Gewinne aus Immobilien - und Kapitalgeschäften in Höhe von 700.000 D - Mark nicht deklariert , lautete der Vorwurf .
Bei der späteren Überprüfung der Vorgänge wurde festgestellt , dass kein hinreichender Anfangsverdacht vorgelegen hat und das Ermittlungsverfahren rechtswidrig war .
Jerzy Montag , rechtspolitischer Sprecher der Grünen - Bundestagsfraktion , zeigt – vergleichsweise – wenig Verständnis für die sensible Abgeordnetenseele : „ Ein Arzt muss bei seiner Tätigkeit auch ständig Angst vor Klagen haben .
Warum sollen Bürger diese Bürde tragen , nicht aber Parlamentarier ? “
Das gedeihliche Miteinander von Politikern und Unternehmen im Wahlkreis möchten aber auch die Grünen nicht gefährden .
Sie schlagen daher bei der UNCAC - Umsetzung eine Lightversion vor .
Danach soll ein Bundestagsabgeordneter nur dann belangt werden können , wenn eine Schmiergeldzahlung im Zusammenhang mit seiner eigentlichen Parlamentsarbeit steht – etwa wenn ein bestochener Politiker im Berliner Reichstag gefällige Reden hält oder er bestellte Anträge in Ausschüssen stellt .
Ein weiteres Kriterium : Die Handlung des Politikers soll verwerflich sein müssen .
„ So nehmen wir parlamentsübliche Tätigkeiten – wie etwa Koalitionsvereinbarungen – aus der Schusslinie “ , sagt Montag .
Viele Parlamentarier dagegen glauben , die Vorgaben der UN - Konvention schon allein durch mehr Offenheit erfüllen zu können .
Der rechtspolitische Sprecher der Unionsfraktion , Michael Grosse - Brömer , zum Beispiel könnte sich vorstellen , vorsätzliche Verstöße gegen vorhandene Transparenzvorschriften – etwa zur Offenlegung von Einnahmen – für Abgeordnete unter Strafe zu stellen .
„ Das beste Mittel gegen Korruption ist Transparenz “ , sagt Grosse - Brömer .
Doch auch davon wollen viele deutsche Parlamentarier nichts wissen – und pochen zur Begründung darauf , dass sie nur ihrem Gewissen unterworfen seien .
Eine Verteidigungslinie , die allerdings grotesk ist im Hinblick auf die harten Strafen , die in Deutschland anstehen , wenn ausländische Abgeordnete geschmiert werden .
Denn eine solche Bestechung – und auch schon der Versuch – ist selbst dann strafbar , wenn sie nicht der unmittelbaren Beeinflussung von Wahlen oder Abstimmungen dient .
Verspricht also ein deutscher Unternehmer einem Wiener Parlamentarier eine Gegenleistung für eine Gefälligkeit ( die nicht mit einer Stimmabgabe zusammenhängen muss ) , kann er dafür bis zu fünf Jahre hinter Gittern landen – sofern er sich mit seinem Vorgehen einen „ unbilligen Vorteil “ im internationalen geschäftlichen Verkehr verschaffen oder sichern will .
Macht er das Gleiche mit einem deutschen Abgeordneten , passiert : nichts .
Anzeige
Dass die Ratifizierung der UN - Konvention nicht ewig hinausgezögert werden kann , ist zumindest Entwicklungshilfeexperten im Bundestag klar .
So leidet zum einen Deutschlands Glaubwürdigkeit und Ansehen in der Entwicklungshilfezusammenarbeit : „ Wir werden international mittlerweile zu einer Lachnummer “ , sagt Montag .
Zum anderen büßen die Deutschen auch konkret Einfluss ein .
In wichtigen UN - Gremien zur Korruptionsbekämpfung fällt Deutschland wegen der fehlenden Ratifizierung derzeit nur ein Beobachterstatus zu .
„ Das ist eine ganz schwierige Situation “ , sagt Brigitte Strobel - Shaw , eine Korruptionsexpertin vom UN - Büro für Verbrechensbekämpfung : „ Deutschlands Stimme hat dadurch weniger Gewicht . “
Da nützt es auch wenig , dass die Bundesrepublik neben Norwegen finanziell am meisten beiträgt zu dem globalen Projekt zur Umsetzung der UNCAC .
Das Projekt hat für die Jahre 2008/09 ein Gesamtbudget von acht Millionen Dollar .
Allein 1,5 Millionen davon – also fast ein Fünftel – stammen vom deutschen Steuerzahler .
E ' ormai al lancio il nuovo chipset 890GX targato AMD , che punta ad offrire innovazioni da primato su piattaforme desktop " ultra compact " .
Tra esse , potente grafica integrata , ATI CrossFireX , USB 3.0 ed SATA III , HyperTransport 3.0 , PCI Express 2.0 e supporto a Phenom II X6 .
Il nuovo chipset 890GX ridefinisce il modo di giocare con configurazioni grafiche versatili , supporta le DirectX 10.1 e le schede grafiche a elevate prestazioni , ATI Radeon Premium con tecnologia ATI CrossFireX .
L’AMD 890GX può essere utilizzato per costruire un efficiente e contenuto home theater PC insieme alla scheda grafica ATI Radeon HD 4290 oppure , per ottenere prestazioni superiori , può essere utilizzata l’ATI Radeon HD 5450 .
Invece , per un maggior realismo in ambito gaming con supporto a DirectX11 , è possibile sfruttare l’ATI Radeon HD 5870 .
Il chipset 890GX è caratterizzato da modelli dotati di porte USB 3.0 e supporta la connessione SATA 3.0 che contribuisce a rendere più facilmente e velocemente accessibili le informazioni , i video HD e le foto .
Senza dimenticare il supporto a Gigabit Ethernet , alla tecnologia Hypertransport 3.0 e a PCI Express Generation 2.0 .
Sia AMD che i suoi motherboard partner stanno lavorando al lancio della grafica ATI Radeon HD4290 in abbinamento al chipset AMD 890GX , una soluzione versatile , economica ed efficiente dal punto di vista energetico .
Il nuovo chipset supporta direttamente " via motherboard " la grafica DirectX 10.1 e permette di installare fino a due VGA high - end ATI Radeon grazie alla tecnologia ATI CrossFireX .
La motherboard basata su tale sistema permette anche di conformarsi a sistemi home theater PC utilizzando unicamente la grafica integrata ATI Radeon HD4290 , che può essere in ogni momento affiancata con GPU HD5450 o HD5870 con supporto alle DirectX 11 .
La GPU integrata ATI Radeon HD4290 permette già di godere dell ' accelerazione durante la riproduzione di video in FullHD 1080 p e su Blu-ray , incluso il dual - stream Pip ( Picture in Pcture ) .
I video standard DVD possono essere visualizzati in una più elevata definizione grazie all ' upscaling DVD con post - processing per migliorare video a standard e bassa risoluzione su display HD .
La " VGA " HD4290 è progettata per decodificare e riprodurre Blu-ray ed altri contenuti HD con supporto ai formati MPEG2 , VC - 1 ed H.264 .
Non è tutto .
Il chipset AMD 890GX supporta infatti l'SATA 3.0 da 6 Gbps in abbinamento su Windows 7 .
Ciò significa piena compatibiltà con i nuovi SSD ad elevatissima bandwidth SATA III , persino in configurazione RAID .
Ciò comporta ovviamente un incremento della velocità delle applicazioni , una dimunzione dei tempi di boot e un più rapido accesso alle informazioni memorizzate su memoria di massa .
E ' inoltre disponibile il SuperSpeed USB 3.0 , che sincronizza rapidamente e trasferisce file multimediali da e verso la nuova generazione di dispositivi portatili USB 3.0 .
Disponibili anche la Gigabit Ethernet , la tecnologia HyperTransport3.0 , PCI Express Gen 2.0 .
E ' infine importante ricordare che questo è il primo dei nuovi chipset AMD 8 - Series , alla base della nuova tecnologia Vision per piattaforme desktop AMD il cui annuncio ufficiale è programmato per il secondo quadrimestre di quest ' anno e che sono compatibili con i futuri microprocessori AMD Phenom II X6 da sei core .
The essay exam is one of the most structured and detailed exam questions you ’ll ever discover .
For most students , the essay exam can be s...
By By Gemma Fox Mar 14 , 2010 in World Richmond -
A massive search is under way in the US east coast state of Virginia for a British student who has been missing for 12 days .
Last seen leaving the campus of Virginia Commonwealth University ( VCU ) in the city of Richmond , Virginia just after 11 am on March 2 Jonny is said to have had with him his mountain bike , mobile phone and a rucksack .
Concerned friends of the 22 year old have started up a Described as being between 5ft 10 and 6ft ( although the Facebook page says 5ft 11 ) , Jonny Dorey has brown hair and was last seen wearing a white and blue plaid jacket with hood , dark jeans and black trainers .
He was carrying a navy blue back pack .
He has a British accent .
A VCU have offered a reward of £ 3,300 ( $ 5,000 ) for information given on the missing student .
Local police in Richmond say that there is no evidence of foul play in his disappearance .
Detectives are currently trying to piece together Jonny 's last movements using electronic information they are attempting to gather at the moment .
A spokesman for the family , their friend Bob Beebe , told He continued , " Someone somewhere must have seen Jonny Dorey that Tuesday .
All it takes is somebody sending a message from an internet cafe , a phone box , Twitter , and that single piece of information will help to complete that very complex jigsaw . "
Mr Dorey 's parents have travelled to Richmond to aid in the search for their son .
Jonny Dorey , a 22 - year old geography exchange student from Guernsey , went missing on March 2 and there has been no trace of him since .
Last seen leaving the campus of Virginia Commonwealth University ( VCU ) in the city of Richmond , Virginia just after 11 am on March 2 Jonny is said to have had with him his mountain bike , mobile phone and a rucksack .
Concerned friends of the 22 year old have started up a Facebook page , which now has over 19,000 members , hoping that the more publicity there is the more likely someone will come forward who may have seen Jonny Dorey .
Described as being between 5ft 10 and 6ft ( although the Facebook page says 5ft 11 ) , Jonny Dorey has brown hair and was last seen wearing a white and blue plaid jacket with hood , dark jeans and black trainers .
He was carrying a navy blue back pack .
He has a British accent .
A VCU Alert also details that he weighs between 180 and 200 pounds and wears glasses .
The Alert also describes Jonny Dorey as been a keen mountain biker and said that his bike was was black with a red stripe down the middle of the seat .
VCU have offered a reward of £ 3,300 ( $ 5,000 ) for information given on the missing student .
Local police in Richmond say that there is no evidence of foul play in his disappearance .
Detectives are currently trying to piece together Jonny 's last movements using electronic information they are attempting to gather at the moment .
A spokesman for the family , their friend Bob Beebe , told Sky News , " There 's a very large group of people gathering around the Belle Isle area , which was the last known message link to Jonny 's phone .
It 's a beautiful rural setting , very popular with mountain bikers and walkers .
He may have gone off on a mountain bike trail , had an accident and injured himself .
If he 's lying there we want to find him .
"
He continued , " Someone somewhere must have seen Jonny Dorey that Tuesday .
All it takes is somebody sending a message from an internet cafe , a phone box , Twitter , and that single piece of information will help to complete that very complex jigsaw .
" Mr Dorey 's parents have travelled to Richmond to aid in the search for their son .
More about Jonny dorey , Richmond , Missing , Viriginia commonwealth university , Virginia
More news from jonny dorey richmond missing viriginia commonweal ... virginia mountain bike student
The Healthcare Crisis : A Crisis of Artificial Scarcity
C4SS Research Associate Kevin Carson ’s eighth paper —
The Healthcare Crisis : A Crisis of Artificial Scarcity . [ PDF ]
Healthcare : A Crisis of Artificial Scarcity
By Kevin Carson
“ In healthcare , subsidies to the most costly and high - tech forms of medicine crowd out cheaper and decentralized alternatives , so that cheaper forms of treatment – even when perfectly adequate from the consumer ’s standpoint – become less and less available .
There are powerful institutional pressures for ever more radical monopoly .
At the commanding heights of the centralized state and centralized corporate economy – so interlocked as to be barely distinguishable – problems are analyzed and solutions prescribed from the perspective of those who benefit from radical monopoly . ”
This “ ready to print ” version of Healthcare : A Crisis of Artificial Scarcity was created by Invisible Molotov .
Invisible Molotov is a market anarchist zine distro & publishing house .
😉 There was something about a “ Lord of the Rings ” tribute band that I thought would be funny .
And as far as I know there is n’t such a thing ( but if you ’re looking feel free to use “ Funks of Fangorn ” 😀 )
The closest I found was an open call / ad on Craig ’s list .
Not sure how serious it was / is .
I ’m loving the Heropotamus catch phrases you guys are coming up with !
Feel free to share more 😉
( oh – and Kai - Walla could still use votes – feel free to tell your friends )
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs on Monday acknowledged that President Barack Obama still " ocassionally falls of the wagon " when it comes to smoking cigarettes .
Gibbs was asked about Obama 's smoking at the daily press briefing after the president 's medical report released Sunday said that he is using nicotine replacement therapy .
ADVERTISEMENT
" He is occassionally falls of the wagon when it comes to that , " Gibbs said , adding that Obama " continues to chew nicotine gum . "
Obama 's opponents and some in the press raised his cigarette smoking as an issue on the campaign trail .
They noted that the president 's status as a role model and his White House 's push for healthy lifesyles warrant inquiries into his smoking habit .
Last June , Obama gave a similar answer to the press that Gibbs gave Monday .
The president called himself a " former smoker " who occasionally " slips up " and has a cigarette , but never in front of his family .
Gibbs said that he does not know when Obama smokes because he is not with the president 24 hours a day .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News
The scientific team deployed their instruments in open water
Fertilising the oceans with iron to absorb carbon dioxide could increase concentrations of a chemical that can kill marine mammals , a study has found .
Iron stimulates growth of marine algae that absorb CO2 from the air , and has been touted as a " climate fix " .
Now researchers have shown that the algae increase production of a nerve poison that can kill mammals and birds .
Writing in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , they say this raises " serious concern " over the idea .
The toxin - domoic acid - first came to notice in the late 1980s as the cause of amnesiac shellfish poisoning .
If the end goal is to use it to fight climate warming , then we have to understand the consequences for marine life
Dr William Cochlan
San Francisco State University
It is produced by algae of the genus Pseudonitzschia , with concentrations rising rapidly when the algae " bloom " .
Now , its presence in seawater often requires the suspension of shellfishing operations , and is regularly implicated in deaths of animals such as sealions .
Domoic acid poisoning may also lie behind a 1961 incident in which flocks of seabirds appeared to attack the Californian town of Capitola - an event believed to have shaped Alfred Hitchcock 's interpretation of Daphne du Maurier 's The Birds in his 1963 thriller .
Carbon focus
Over the last decade , about 10 research projects have investigated iron fertilisation , with mixed results .
But only two of them measured domoic acid production , and only then as an afterthought , explained William Cochlan from San Francisco State University , a scientist on the new project .
" We had a number of major aims in this work ; but one of them was to ask ' do you normally find the species of algae that produce domoic acid , are they producing domoic acid , and will production be enhanced by iron ? ' , " he said .
In studies conducted around Ocean Station Papa , a research platform moored in the north - eastern Pacific Ocean , the answers to all three questions turned out to be " yes " .
Satellites can spot phytoplankton blooms in the process of formation
Pseudonitzschia algae were present naturally ; they were producing domoic acid , and experiments showed that production increased during fertilisation with iron and copper .
Also , under iron - rich conditions , the Pseudonitzschia algae bloomed at a rate faster than other types .
The levels of domoic acid in iron - enriched water samples were of the same order as those known to cause poisoning in mammals in coastal waters .
Ailsa Hall , deputy director of the Sea Mammal Research Institute at St Andrews University in Scotland , said that domoic acid poisoning was already becoming a regular occurrence in some parts of the world .
" Ever since 1998 we 've seen regular episodes of mass mortality and seizures in sea lions on the US west coast , " she said .
The toxin accumulates in animals such as fish that are themselves immune .
" We 've seen it in seals , pelicans and harbour porpoises ; it does depend on how much they eat , but if a sea lion or a pelican eats its way through a school of contaminated anchovies , then that would be enough , " Dr Hall told BBC News .
Domoic acid 's effect on other species was unknown , she said , but it would be reasonable to think it would also affect marine mammals such as whales .
The poison producer - Pseudonitzschia turgidula
Whether iron fertilisation ever will be deployed as a " climate fix " is unclear .
The last major investigation - last year 's Lohafex expedition - found that despite depositing six tonnes of iron in the Southern Ocean , little extra CO2 was drawn from the atmosphere .
Nevertheless , one company - Climos - aims eventually to deploy the technique on a commercial basis .
A Climos spokesman agreed that further research on domoic acid production was needed .
" Moving forward , we need to understand exactly how deep - ocean phytoplankton respond to iron , be it naturally or artificially supplied ; whether and in what situations domoic acid is produced , and how the ecosystem is or is not already adapted to this , " he said .
For William Cochlan 's team , the potential impact on sea life is something that regulators and scientists must take into account when deciding whether to allow further studies or deployment .
" We saw some literature going around with claims like ' there is no indication of toxicity to sea life ' - well , if you do n't measure it , of course there 's no indication , and we have to keep that kind of legalese out of science , " he said .
" If the end goal is to use it to fight climate warming , then we have to understand the consequences for marine life . "
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nine members of a rightwing Christian militia in the US were charged yesterday with plotting to murder a policeman and then bomb his funeral in an attempt to provoke an anti-government uprising .
Eight of the Michigan - based group , which includes one woman , were arrested at the weekend in raids in three states , amid warnings from civil rights groups of a surge in the number of extremist militias and " patriot " organisations that see the government as the enemy .
A ninth person remained at large as charges of sedition and the planned use of weapons of mass destruction were issued .
The members of the group , called Hutaree , allegedly planned to kill the policeman and plant improvised bombs – modelled on those used by insurgents in Iraq – along the route of his funeral , to murder other officers and mourners .
Hutaree , which the group says means Christian warrior , is described by prosecutors as advocating attacks on law enforcement agencies as the " foot soldiers " of the federal government .
" This is an example of radical and extremist fringe groups which can be found throughout our society , " said Andrew Arena , the FBI agent in charge of the investigation in Michigan .
" The FBI takes such extremist groups seriously . "
Hutaree describes its doctrine as based on the testimony of Jesus and warns of a looming battle with the antichrist .
" The Hutaree will one day see its enemy and meet him on the battlefield , if so God wills it , " the group says in its literature .
Among the forums on the group 's website is one dealing with weapons , and another called the " evil Jew forum " .
According to prosecutors , the accused Hutaree members spent 18 months planning the killings .
After attacking the funeral , militia members planned to retreat to fortified sites and begin a war against the government .
The prosecution says the attacks were intended to " intimidate and demoralise law enforcement " .
" It is believed by the Hutaree that this engagement would then serve as a catalyst for a more widespread uprising against the government , " the indictment said .
Prosecutors say the accused conspirators were led by David Stone , 45 , known as Captain Hutaree .
He is alleged to have used the internet to find information on improvised bombs in Iraq and to have told his son to obtain the materials .
The prosecution also alleges that Stone taught Hutaree members to make bombs .
Stone 's former wife Donna was among those arrested .
One of his sons , Joshua , is the ninth person being sought by police .
Last month , a prominent civil rights group warned of a surge in the number of anti-government extremist groups and armed militias , driven by deepening hostility on the right to Barack Obama , anger over the economy , and the increasing propagation of conspiracy theories .
The Southern Poverty Law Centre identified Michigan as one of the states with the highest number of rightwing militias and extremist " patriot " groups .
The number of such organisations rose by nearly 250 % to more than 500 last year .
The centre said police officers were a favoured target of extreme rightwing groups , with six murdered by militias since Obama became president .
The Conservative Political Action Conference this February was cosponsored by groups such as the John Birch Society , which believes Dwight Eisenhower was a communist agent , and the Oath Keepers , which suggests that the government has secret plans to declare martial law and intern " patriotic Americans in concentration camps , " the SPLC said .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
March 29th , 2010
Via : Telegraph :
Investors are braced for a further sell - off in US Treasuries after dramatic moves last week raised fears that the surfeit of US government debt is starting to saturate bond markets .
The yield on 10 - year Treasuries – the benchmark price of global capital – surged 30 basis points in just two days last week to over 3.9 pc , the highest level since the Lehman crisis .
Alan Greenspan , ex-head of the US Federal Reserve , said the abrupt move may be “ the canary in the coal mine ” , a warning to Washington that it can no longer borrow with impunity .
He said there is a “ huge overhang of federal debt , which we have never seen before ” .
David Rosenberg at Gluskin Sheff said Treasury yields have ratcheted up 90 basis points since December in a “ destabilising fashion ” , for the wrong reasons .
Growth has not been strong enough to revive fears of inflation .
Commodity prices peaked in January and US home sales have fallen for the last three months , pointing to a double - dip in the housing market .
Mr Rosenberg said the yield spike recalls the move in the spring of 2007 just as the credit system started to unravel .
“ The question is how the equity market is going to handle this back - up in rates , ” he said .
The trigger for last week ’s sell - off was poor demand at Treasury auctions , linked to the passage of the Obama health care reform .
Critics say it will add $ 1 trillion ( £ 670 bn ) to America ’s debt over the next decade , a claim disputed fiercely by Democrats .
It is unclear whether China is selling US Treasuries after cutting its holdings for three months in a row , or what its motive may be .
There are concerns that Beijing may be sending a coded message before the US Treasury rules next month on whether China is a “ currency manipulator ” , though experts say China is clearly still buying dollar assets because it is holding down the yuan against the greenback .
Some investors may be selling Treasuries as a precaution against a trade spat .
Looming over everything is the worry that markets will not be able to absorb the glut of US debt as the Fed winds down its policy of bond purchases , starting with an exit from mortgage - backed securities .
It currently holds a quarter of the $ 5 trillion of the MBS market .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
February 28 , 2010
Obama waited until Saturday night to renew the Bill of Rights busting Patriot Act .
It was set to expire today .
Both the Senate and the House signed off on the extension last week .
So called “ privacy protections ” were dumped when Senate Democrats failed to raise a 60 - vote supermajority to pass them .
Cast aside were restrictions and greater scrutiny on the government ’s authority to spy on Americans and seize their records , the Associated Press reports .
“ The Obama administration wanted to extend the measure because of provisions it says are important in tracking suspected terrorists , including roving wiretaps to track multiple communications devices , ” Reuters reported on Thursday .
“ Disappointingly , the government ’s dangerously broad authority to conduct roving wiretaps of unspecified or ‘ John Doe ’ targets , to secretly wiretap of persons without any connection to terrorists or spies under the so - called ‘ lone wolf ’ provision , and to secretly access a wide range of private business records without warrants under PATRIOT Section 215 were all renewed without any new checks and balances to prevent abuse , ” Kevin Bankston wrote last week after the act sailed through Congress .
Instead of tracking terrorists , the bill has been used to track the American people .
In 2008 , for instance , the Justice Department made 763 requests for “ sneak - and - peek ” warrants , but only three of those had to do with terrorism investigations , according to senator Russ Feingold .
Judge Andrew Nepalitano denounced the Patriot Act in 2007 .
Feingold told a Senate Judiciary Committee in September of 2009 that 65 percent of the cases for which sneak - and - peek warrants were used were drug investigations .
The Patriot Act was not designed to be used against supposed terrorists .
“ It ’s not meant for intelligence , it ’s for criminal cases , ” Assistant Attorney General David Kris told the Senate Judiciary Committee .
“ So I guess it ’s not surprising to me that it applies in drug cases . ”
The Patriot Act allows the government to search and seize Americans ’ papers and effects without probable cause to assist “ terror ” ( drug and other victimless crime ) investigations .
It prevents a right to a speedy and public trial ( ask American Jose Padilla about this one ) .
It discourages freedom of association , freedom of speech ( the government may prosecute librarians or keepers of any other records if they tell anyone the government subpoenaed information related to a terror investigation ) , and the right to legal representation ( the government may monitor conversations between attorneys and clients in federal prisons and deny lawyers to Americans accused of crimes ) .
The act allows the government to abduct citizens and jail them without charge or the ability to confront witnesses against them .
It allows the government to hold anybody deemed an “ unlawful combatant ” incommunicado forever .
It effectively turns America into East Germany or Stalin ’s Russia .
Democrats and moonstruck liberals should be held directly responsible for turning American into a police state .
After all , they bought into Obama ’s “ yes we can ” mantra and packed Congress with Democrats who voted last week to extend the Patriot Act .
They should have voted for Ron Paul .
{openx:49}
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Kegbot Server
Kegbot Server is the brains of every Kegbot system .
It manages the Kegbot database , including all kegs , beverages , pours , and users .
Kegbot Server also includes a built - in web interface for browsing your Kegbot 's data , showing current levels , recent activity , and system statistics .
You can use this server just for yourself , or publish it on the web .
Kegbot Server runs on any system supporting Docker , including Linux , MacOS , Raspberry Pi , and Heroku .
No , this is n’t a review of the Hollywood hit Sherlock Holmes that graced the silver screen the during the holiday 2009 film season .
This is actually a review of a much newer film about Sherlock Holmes that was released direct to DVD by the Asylum on January 26 , 2010 .
It stars Gareth David - Lloyd ( Torchwood ) as Dr. Watson , Ben Snyder ( no prior film or acting career ) as Sherlock Holmes , and Dominic Keating ( Enterprise ) who plays Sherlock Holmes ’ half - robot brother .
No .
I ’m not fucking with you .
Sherlock Homes ’ brother is half - robot .
Right now I want to get through my introduction paragraphs before I talk about the robots .
We ’ll get to them soon enough though .
It was produced by David Michael Latt , David Rimawi and Paul Bales of The Asylum .
Together , the trio have a B and C - movie movie resume about a mile long .
Most people might be aware of The Asylum ’s work from what is aired on the Syfy Channel ( I hate that it ’s no longer called Sci - Fi ) like Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus and Mega Piranha or even from my previous mockbuster review of Paranormal Entity .
Mockbusters certainly are n’t new to the film industry .
In fact , some of our favorite films have had mockbuster leeches attached to their hulls .
Star Wars had Starcrash .
Charlie ’s Angels had Angels Brigade .
But with the advent of 3 - D computer technology and the fact literally anyone with software know - how can edit film , it seems that mockbusters are getting … ballsier .
I thought long and hard about this film .
And over the course of my weekend , I ’ve told the story of Sherlock Holmes to anyone who would listen .
Some thought I was misinformed about the Robert Downey Jr. movie .
Some thought it was the dumbest shit they ’ve ever heard .
Others thought it was outright hilarious .
However , everyone I spoke to about this movie asked me the same question .
“ Why was this movie made ? ”
“ Why ? ” indeed .
Anyway , back to the story .
Sherlock Holmes starts off like any other self respecting movie with an attack on a ship at sea by a giant sea monster .
Since it ’s set in the 1800 ’s and the Scooby Gang are still just an opium - induced twinkle in their grandparents ’ eyes , Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are called onto the case to solve the mystery !
But with all the clues at the bottom of the ocean and the only witness in an insane asylum , it ’s difficult to tell if there is a mystery afoot or not .
But Sherlock Holmes , being the expert investigator he is , takes the word of the babbling former midshipman .
From the asylum , Watson and Holmes head back to London only to discover the poor districts are being prowled by a dinosaur with a lion ’s roar .
Thanks to several boring scenes of dialog and a few poorly rendered dinosaur encounters , Holmes deduces that the dinosaur and the sea monster were probably created in the spooky castle in the woods that he used to play in as a child .
When Holmes and Watson break into the castle , they discover it is not the abandoned wreck that Holmes remembers it to be .
It is now inhabited by Sherlock ’s brother , Rainer Thorpe , who after receiving a bullet wound to the spine , recreated himself using 19th century science and is now half - robot .
Also , he built the sea monster and the dinosaur and a robot wife for himself using the same technology .
Oh , and Rainer reveals to the audience that “ Sherlock ” is n’t actually Holmes ’ real name .
It ’s “ Robert . ” Woops !
Spoiler alert !
I meant to write that at the beginning of the paragraph .
So let ’s recap real quick .
So far we have a dinosaur , a sea monster , and a half - man , half - steam punk robot and his robotic wife .
“ What ’s next ? ” you ’re probably asking yourself .
What else could be left ?
Boom .
Dragon vs. hot air balloon .
That ’s right .
Shortly after Holmes ’ brother bests the dynamic duo in a physical altercation , he sends his fully robotic wife on a suicide bomb mission to kill the queen while he terrorizes the London skies in his steam - powered dragon .
Defying death and breaking free from their restraints , Holmes and Watson are off in tepid pursuit ; Watson on foot to gun down the bomb - toting love - bot while Holmes takes to the skies in his hot air balloon equipped with machine guns .
If you saw this one coming , I applaud you .
After the 20 - minute “ action ” sequence , Holmes and Watson succeed and London is safe …
FOR NOW .
The cinematography in Sherlock Holmes is very reminiscent of BBC science fiction shows like Torchwood , Dr. Who and Jekyll .
While even those shows can be cheesy from time to time , Sherlock Holmes takes that cheese factor to a new heights but while still retaining the typically long British dialogue scenes .
If that ’s what The Asylum was going for , they nailed it .
The acting by almost all the main characters is passable considering the absolutely absurd roles the actors have been asked / chose to play .
I use the word “ almost ” because the character of Sherlock Holmes is one of the most unappealing actors with one of the most annoying voices in history .
Robert Downey Jr. physically is a far cry from the classic character who is supposed to be Ichabod Crane - ish in appearance ( tall , dark hair , lanky with a crooked nose ) .
But I do n’t recall Sherlock Holmes ever being described as a “ wuss . ”
The Asylum ’s Sherlock is short , has a high pitched voice , and he looks like he ’s about to cry at any given moment .
When he ’s “ on the hunt ” or when he ’s right about a clue , you do n’t feel victorious for the main character .
You think to yourself “ why would the cops call this jerk off know - it - all in the first place ? ”
Granted , this is the first movie ( that I could find ) that starred Ben Snyder .
The world should let out a sigh of relief if this is his last .
Watson is fine .
The half - robot supervillain brother and his robo - lovah are fine .
The toothless prostitutes and the old - timey British re-enactors are fine .
It ’s Holmes that you wish was eaten by the dinosaur .
Sherlock Holmes is bad .
It ’s bad bad .
Sure it has robots , dinosaurs , a robot wife , a sea monster , elderly hookers and some gunplay , but 99.999999999 % of the average American viewing households wo n’t enjoy this film .
That includes the hardcore science fiction geeks .
However , I can recommend this movie for anyone who loves watching bad movies while drunk ( or otherwise ) with friends to laugh at and turn into a live version of Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
And I think the Asylum is self - aware of that .
So that leaves me with just one question for you , dear reader .
If you had the ability to make a robot wife for yourself , would you make her look like this ?
Yea .
Me neither .
Miss Moretti , 19 , from the small town of Luzzara in northern Italy , told police she had endured years of verbal abuse from her domineering father , Rodolfo , and resolved to have him killed – apparently with the blessing of her mother .
CLEVELAND -- Cleveland has its original world record covered .
Fans attending Friday 's game between the Cavaliers and Detroit Pistons set a world record for the largest gathering of people wearing fleece blankets .
Cavaliers fans help set a Snuggie record .
AP Photo / Tony Dejak
All fans in attendance had a Snuggie placed on their seats prior to the game .
During a timeout in the first quarter , fans were asked to wear the wine - colored blankets with arms for five minutes as a clock on the scoreboard counted down .
Most everyone complied -- except for one fan wearing a Celtics jersey and another who thought ahead and brought a Pistons Snuggie .
The rest of the sellout crowd of more than 20,000 turned the Q into a sea of red blankets , counting down the final seconds and cheering as the world record clock expired .
An adjudicator from Guinness World Records attended the game to make the record official .
Danny Girton Jr. , an adjudicator executive with Guinness World Records , said there was no existing record , so the records management team opened a new category for Friday 's event .
Girton said he was looking for four parameters in order for the record to become official :
At least 250 people have to participate , they must all wear their own Snuggie , they need to wear it for five minutes and they all must be the same color .
All of the Cavaliers players were given their own personalized Snuggie .
Shaquille O'Neal 's needed 9 feet of material -- 2 to 3 feet more than a typical Snuggie for the 7 - foot - 1 O'Neal .
Rookie Danny Green wore his Snuggie on the court for pregame shootaround .
Influential Books
I started with a new team in the middle of this year and as I get to know the other members of the team and share our skills and experiences , the books that each of us has found influential has come up .
This has given me the opportunity to reflect a bit on which ones I still find worthy of suggesting that others read .
Over my career , and as my family has grown , I have become acutely aware of the value of my free time and that of my co-workers .
With that in mind , I ’m recommending and sharing a lot less than I used to , and since a coworker ( Aaron Feng ) recently made a point of thanking me for my recommendations I thought I ’d journal what I ’ve been pushing at this new team .
My current bookshelf contains the books it does after several rounds of being distilled over the past ten years or so .
Even so , there is a mix of titles that have been there for years as well as some recent acquisitions that I suspect will have longevity .
Higher - Order Perl : Transforming Programs with Programs , by Mark Jason Dominus
If you program in Java , C# , Python , Ruby or another imperative , stateful language , this is perhaps the best book you can pick up to learn several core fundamentals of functional programming .
It is a great introduction to performing functional programming in an imperative , stateful language .
Mark goes through the process of showing you how to implement things like Haskell ’s infinite sequences , the use of higher order functions , and several other fundamental tenants of functional programming .
I lent my copy to Aaron and it was he that started to tell me where in the book he is seeing some of the techniques that I use on a regular basis .
Mark is a great developer and more than just functional programming comes across in the book , a lot of his skill and clarity of thought does as well .
I feel very sorry for any of you that can not get over the fact that this book ’s code examples are in Perl .
Paradigms of Artificial Intelligence Programming : Case Studies in Common Lisp
, by Peter Norvig
I picked up PAIP along with ANSI Common Lisp ( by Paul Graham ) with the intention of learning Common Lisp .
I was n’t prepared for what was in PAIP when I first struggled through the book .
I started with an expectation of learning about AI , with little expectation of picking up practical techniques that I ’d be able to apply in my day job developing web applications .
What I got out of the book was much more than I anticipated .
I ’ve gone back to it multiple times and it sits on the top shelf in my book case .
PAIP was my first introduction to how deep a subject search really was , it jump started my knowledge about lisp , continuations , functional programming , declarative programming , domain specific languages and teased me with CLOS .
Each of these topics is deep enough to warrant its own book , Dr. Norvig introduces each , often including implementations , in a single book .
After being introduced to and exploring common lisp from PAIP and ANSI Common Lisp , I had started to use , but not completely understand Lisp macros .
I was only beginning to understand the implementation of , and recognize the appropriate application of the with - gensyms and once - only macros .
I had a fuzzy conception of hygiene with respect to what it meant for macros .
JRM ’s syntax primer introduces R5RS ’s alternate macro system : define - syntax and syntax - rules .
syntax - rules is based on pattern matching and recursive expansions , and it was automatically hygienic .
This seemed like magic and seemed to eliminate many of the hygiene problems that you encounter with the traditional Lisp style macros .
It forced me to think about code generation in a completely different light .
The primer is fairly short for the topic it introduces and the material helped me with some fundamental understanding .
The greatest influence this had was to introduce to me new ways to develop and maintain DSLs and code generators .
Joe Armstrong said that when Ericson was creating Erlang , they decided their primary concern was robustness , that to have robustness you needed at least two computers and that most of the rest of the features in Erlang flowed forth from there .
To me Erlang has come to embody what robustness really means : a platform that is capable of achieving nine 9’s , that concentrates on fail - fast or crash early so that you have more hope of recovery , supervision trees of processes so you know when things go awry and can handle them from a safe distance , the ability to update code live in a running system so that you never have to bring it down .
Erlang is the only platform and language that I ’ve encountered that has internalized these principles into its core .
The book increased my exposure to pattern matching , introduced me to list comprehensions and message passing concurrency ( gave me the name for the actors model of concurrency ) .
Rob Di Marco recommended this to me when I had the privilege of working directly with him .
It was something that was outside my core area of expertise and interest ( technology , software development in specific ) .
I keep seeing the principles they detail show up all around me – they gave me another model for observing interactions between people , the purpose of blogs , twitter , and how you can use all of communication and points of contact to help shape how people perceive you .
They made me realize , and gave me a starting guide , for how to market and brand myself .
Mostly as a developer and technologist , but also in a few other ways .
Given that IT folks tend to be introverted and not understand the power that how others perceive them has over their interactions , this is something I try to repeatedly recommend to those that I work with .
I read Applied Cryptography from cover to cover as fast as I could manage to .
At the time I read it there was a lot that was new to me : the historic context , some of the information theory , the idea that there were known best ways to attack the best known algorithms that reduced the effectiveness but did not outright invalidate the approaches , and it drove home the idea that security can not be absolute , that it is a balance between usability and restrictiveness .
This helped hone my sense of information leakage in my own development , from what is stored in files and databases , to log statements to what is exposed thorough error messages and stack traces , where user input comes from and goes to .
Design Patterns : Elements of Reusable Object - Oriented Software , by the Gang of Four ( Erich Gamma , Richard Helm , Ralph Johnson , John M. Vlissides )
The gang of four book was at first a set of design guidelines , over the years its importance as a design guide has waned and , for me , it has shifted more towards being important because it establishes a shared vocabulary with other developers .
Having the vocabulary allows us to describe the systems and frameworks we ’re using and creating in a way that increases understanding and minimizes misconceptions .
Refactoring : Improving the Design of Existing Code , by Martin Fowler
This emphasized the importance of unit testing in the ability to effectively maintain and improve an existing codebase .
It introduced me to the ideas of test driven development along with the pragmatic programmer .
Having read these books has served my career well over the years .
The introduction to the protocols , and the networking APIs , has been invaluable .
The single most important thing I took away from this book was how I/O Multiplexing ( select / poll , non-blocking IO ) worked and how efficient it could be .
Programming Perl ( 3rd Edition ) , by Larry Wall , Tom Christiansen , and Jon Orwant
Perl was the first dynamic language I learned ( having programmed only in compiled languages before it ) .
I think the camel book was my first O’Reilly title – many , many more followed .
O’Reilly as a publisher deserves a lot of credit for helping to bootstrap my programming career .
Programming
Perl showed me that a language , its creators and practitioners , and especially its community could have character .
It emphasized that programming should be enjoyable and fun .
“ Easy things should be easy and hard things should be possible ” is a great slogan for a language – a language that had a slogan !
Sedgewick provided me with my first introduction to ‘ Big Oh ’ notation .
His examples displayed an enormous amount of thrift , some of the best examples I ’ve seen of using the minimum necessary to implement the chosen algorithm .
This was not minimalism to the point of terseness , it exemplified that with a clear understanding of the problem , the choice of an algorithm that closely fit the problem , implementations should be clear and uncluttered .
The aesthetic of using minimal language features so as to be as clear as possible was a clear influence on me .
I was first introduced to fuzzy string matching through this book , which turned out to be an interesting problem domain .
I spent about eight years working for a data integration company applying many of the things I first discovered from these algorithms books .
The Pragmatic Programmer : From Journeyman to Master , by Andrew Hunt and David Thomas
Continual improvement .
Keep questioning and seeking better processes , techniques , solutions .
Learning a new programming language on a regular basis was the single most memorable part of that book for me .
That particular advice has worked particularly well for me .
I believe that each programming language was created to address a core issue or difficulty that its creator was experiencing .
The language is a manifestation of their understanding of the issue and a simplified design that makes that issue easier to contend with .
Some address multiple issues .
My impression of C is that it made for more structured interaction with the hardware ’s basic features ( at a time when there was little ) .
C++ improved the expressiveness of C , introducing OO without moving too far away from the machine .
Java eliminated memory management and pointer manipulation mistakes that programmers were so often tripped up by in C and C++ applications , simplified platform dependency issues , and smoothed over some of the complexity of the OO features in C ++.
Perl worked to integrate other tools , most often that produced or consumed text , it was an integration toolbox and grew from there towards a powerful and terse high level language .
Lisp removed all barriers to abstraction , it eliminated the sacred parts of the language and put all their power into the hands of the developer : to do their best , or their worst .
The Practice of Programming , by Brian Khernagin and Rob Pike
They tell you to continue to hone your skills , develop your craft , continually improve .
Develop your vocabulary and ability to name things clearly and concisely as it very much matters in the clarity of your software .
Learn your tools .
This is one of the books I have to thank for my never - ending stream of reading and continued exploration of this field .
Intellectual curiosity .
Looking outside the box .
There is another way to view things .
Trust your intuition and be tenacious – if there are only 2 possibilities and the evidence is inconclusive , discover new evidence , do n’t just discard the original axioms – this attitude has been a huge help in debugging .
In some ways it comes down to having faith in yourself .
I hope my children choose to read and are inspired by Feynman ’s writing .
Though I enjoyed both Snow Crash and The Diamond Age , I was more inspired by his vision of a young lady ’s illustrated primer .
You see the ideas he was exploring in the primer continuing to manifest themselves over time .
How the Internet is permeating all our devices and experiences , the collaborative nature of how Wikipedia and other crowd sourced assets are being created , Amazon ’s Kindle ebook reader ( with on - line access to new content ) and discritized task sites like the Mechanical Turk .
I want to be able to gift my own children with their own primers .
Penn and Teller ’s How to Play with Your Food , Penn Jillette and Teller
Thinking outside the box .
Looking at things for what they are , not just for what they seem .
Seeing alternate , unexpected , uses for common things .
In showing how effectively you can deceive your senses , the book helped give me a good sense of skepticism – not taking something at face value if it did n’t seem right ( I tie this to debugging believe it or not ) .
Other Lists of Influential Books
Since the time I wrote this post I ’ve been contacted by others ( one at this time ) with their lists .
I ’ll update this periodically with those where I find new books :
Conclusion
These are books that have had staying power in my bookshelf .
I ’d love to hear your own thoughts if you do decide to pick any of these up , or even if you ’ve already been through their pages .
I always ask people what books they ’ve found influential as a standard question when I interview developers .
What do you recommend ?
Thanks
Special thanks to Jonathan Tran , Aaron Feng , Rob Di Marco and others who have lent and recommended books to me over the years .
A second thanks to both Jonathan and Aaron for reading drafts of this post .
As the media phenomenon du jour , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows has put pressure on the commentariat to provide Potter - related context or controversy – anything to get readers to spend a few minutes with us , rather than J.K. Rowling !
And herein lies a danger : in our zeal to ride Harry ’s coattails ( broomstick ? ) to glory , we Muggles are tempted to wave a wand over our own preconceptions and imagine them transfigured into news .
In that vein , an article in last week ’s Washington Post provoked our interest here at The Millions , while contradicting my own sense of how the Potter books function within the enchanted kingdom of childhood .
I specifically remembered Cynthia Oakes , a middle - school librarian at the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools , telling me some years ago about a book her students had gone wild for , and recommending I check out Harry Potter and the Sorcerer ’s Stone .
Hoping to get some ground - level perspective on Pottermania , I got in touch with her ( which was n’t hard ; she ’s my mother - in - law ) and asked if she ’d mind revisiting the Potter books in a bit more depth .
I had misplaced my Quick - Quotes Quills , but she graciously consented to be interviewed through the magic of email .
[ Editor ’s note : Scroll down to view Oakes ’ post -Hogwarts syllabus .
]
Opening the Chamber of Secrets “ There is a wonderful bookstore in Hyde Park , ” Oakes told me , “ 57th Street Books , where my colleagues and I often go to buy the latest children ’s and young - adult titles .
The children ’s buyer at the time , author Franny Billingsley ( The Folk Keeper ) , told us that there was a new British fantasy novel out , and the word in England was that it was wildly popular .
We bought a copy , read it , liked it , recommended it to a couple of kids , and put it on our summer reading list .
By the end of the summer , the idea of our introducing anyone to Harry Potter was beyond laughable .
That ’s how quickly it became a phenomenon .
Kids told kids , who told other kids , who told still more kids – and that was that .
” Initially , adults were out of the loop – which was great !
It was remarkable , from my point of view , to see any book capture these kids ’ imaginations and hearts so completely . ”
Oakes offered some further context : “ This was right around time that the term ‘ digital natives ’ was being coined .
As school librarians we were being led to believe that the future , and especially our future , lay in the Internet – that students were no longer interested in print .
Then the iPod came out ; once again , we were told that the future lay in digital whatever … and suddenly our middle school library alone had to buy seven copies of Sorcerer ’s Stone .
All copies were instantly checked out and the hold list was huge .
“ Then kids learned that the sequel was out in England .
It was unprecedented to have them beg their parents to plan summer vacations to the UK around the publication of a book .
One family , who actually did vacation in the UK that summer , brought back a copy of Chamber of Secrets .
We ended up buying four copies of the next two installments .
After that , kids were buying the books for themselves so we did n’t need to invest quite so heavily in order to provide access .
We now have two shelves of the library devoted to six titles .
I ’m not sure if we ’ll need to buy more than one copy of the latest book , since the sales of this title have been astronomical .
I can assure you that no other series even come close to it in popularity .
” Apropos of families vacationing across the pond , Oakes said she could n’t generalize about any connections between the books ’ success and social class .
But as Chicago ’s Lab School is a well - regarded private school , she could attest to the books ’ strong appeal to upper - middle class , affluent kids .
That appeal , she noted , “ does n’t seem to be contingent upon gender or race .
” A Hogwarts of the Mind “ I think what makes these books so seductive , ” Oakes told me , “ is that the world Rowling has created is a world kids really , really , really want to live in .
Actually live in , not just imagine living in .
They want to eat the candy , ride the train , wear the uniforms , own the brooms , play the games , study the magic , get mail from the owls , look at the maps , and spy from the folds of an invisible cape .
Who would n’t want to be a member of the Weasley family ?
And who would n’t want Ron , Hermione , or Harry for a friend ?
Or Hagrid for a teacher ?
I am always amazed at how even a 14 - year - old will still harbor the secret hope that Hogwarts is real . ”
Oakes remembers “ being quite surprised when a fifth - grader confided in me that he was not able to get the spells to work .
He wondered what he was doing wrong and he looked so forlorn while furtively whispering all this to me .
” From a literary point of view , I ’m not the first person to observe that these books are unique in combining the most popular of children ’s literary genres into one rollicking story : horror , sports , adventure , school story , fantasy , romance , animal fantasy , family problems , etc .
That gives them appeal among a broad array of readers .
In addition , they are page - turners for kids who love plot - driven books and have satisfying characters for kids who prefer character - driven novels .
It does n’t hurt that the central character is a misfit without parents … a key ingredient to most successful children ’s lit .
What child , tethered to family and home , would n’t love to step through a magic portal where she instantly becomes the hero of the universe ?
“ One must also remark on their unusual length .
A 900 - page kids book ?
Unheard of .
And equally rare is a sequel that does n’t have an ‘ our - story - so - far ’ component .
Rowling rightly acknowledges the depth of her fans ’ understanding of all the previous books by jumping right into the thick of the story .
It is very difficult to read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban without having read Sorcerer ’s Stone and Chamber of Secrets .
And if you are starting with Book Seven , forget it !
” Dark Art
“ My experience has taught me that kids will rarely choose to read a book that is n’t entertaining and will avoid an instructive book as if it had spattergroit , ” Oakes continued .
“ This is n’t to say that they avoid books with ideas .
I harbor the belief that they prefer them .
The Potter books are entertaining , but darkly so .
They deal with real evil – Voldemort is crueler than the cruelest classmate .
Harry has to wrestle with whatever part he may have played in his own parents ’ death .
Thoughtless actions in these books have far - reaching and horrific consequences .
” This is also more psychologically nuanced fantasy world than many contemporary books offer , with every character suffering from his own particular character flaw .
Yet a truly noble and ethical solution to every problem is always apparent .
I believe that our kids long for that sort of clearly delineated ethical world .
They are discovering that the adults around them , much like Dumbledore , are not perfect .
They want their friends , just like Ron , always to return to them .
And they want Harry to make the right choices ( perhaps because if he does , then they will ) .
The books instruct , then , in the way the best books do : by allowing the characters to fail .
Whether or not the Potter books are helping to define anyone ’s moral universe , I ca n’t tell .
But contrary to the opinions of some commentators , they surely are n’t destroying anyone ’s moral universe …
” She ventured a critique : “ I know the books are flawed , and most of the books – certainly Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , could have used a seriously talented editor .
Or just an editor . ”
Still , she said , “ They are remarkable .
It ’s not popular to admit it , but when I read the first book I had to get up at three a .m. to finish it .
As an unreconstructed bibliophile , of course I love these books … I am a fan . ” Fresh out of veritaserum , I tested the truth of this last assertion by asking Oakes some targeted questions .
Her favorite character ?
“ As a woman and an educator , I have to love Professor McGonagall . ” Favorite villain(s ) ?
“ The dementors .
I ’ve certainly run across my share of soul - suckers and they scare me to death . ”
Favorite setting ?
“ I love Hogwarts and wish that I worked there .
It has an amazing library and I would love to recommend books to Hermione .
And have her recommend a few to me !
Not to mention the fact that I ’d get to hide from and / or fight trolls , death - eaters , and so on . ” Ordinary Wizarding Levels ( O.W.L.s ) “ Most assuredly there is a social aspect to the Harry Potter phenomenon , ” Oakes said .
“ Kids sit around for HOURS discussing all the ins and outs of the books .
They join online discussion groups , download podcasts , and know every website devoted to Harry .
They create group Halloween costumes .
In fact , fans were so enthralled by the books that they rushed into the library ( en masse ) the second , the very second , the cover art for Book Seven had been revealed .
We had to display it at the circulation desk .
( I mean , our credibility would have taken a serious nose dive if we had n’t . )
Then , they congregated around the printout of the cover and discussed THAT for hours .
” I asked her if kids outgrow Harry .
“ Some students lose interest ( or say they do ) , but a remarkable number do not .
I overheard many conversations in the high school hallway prior to Book Seven that centered around horcruxes , Harry , and death .
Our high - school librarians have all the Potter books on the shelves .
The fifth grade to whom we recommended the first book graduated last year .
So most of these kids grew up reading Harry Potter .
I ’ve watched high - school students sneak back into the middle school library to keep up on their favorite series books and their favorite authors .
And I say , good for them ! ”
No Argus Filch , my mother - in - law .
” As for the hoopla , ” she said , “ the books have been very good for children and for young - adult publishing …
Their sheer popularity forced The New York Times to create a children ’s literature bestseller list .
( Ha ! )
These days our kids are reading just as much as – if not more than – they did before .
” As we ’d discussed , “ J.K. Rowling came at a crucial moment …
However , I do wish the publishers would realize there is n’t going to be another Harry Potter and ease up on all the fantasy that ’s coming down the pike .
I worry that really good young - adult novels are getting overlooked .
The hoopla has also turned off many new young readers .
Whereas the initial impetus to read the books came from kids , there ’s now a huge media machine cramming those same books down our collective throat .
” Flourish and BlottsI asked Oakes if she could elaborate on “ the good stuff ” by furnishing Millions readers with some recommendations for post -Hogwarts reading .
“ Middle schoolers love serial storytelling , ” she said .
“ That is part of the success of the Harry Potter books .
I can think of many recent series that have met with remarkable success : the Alex Rider series , the Warriors series , the Princess Diary series , the Eragon series , the Spiderwick Chronicles – to name a few off the top of my head .
Students will request the next book in the series sometimes months in advance .
Because of Amazon.com , they know approximately when the book will be published .
We librarians are forced , more than ever , to stay on top of things .
However , I can think of no other book or series that would compel students and parents to attend a midnight party in order to obtain the sequel .
That is purely a Harry Potter thing .
We ’ve had kids counting down the days to publication since December .
” I would love for kids to love J.R.R. Tolkien and C.S. Lewis , because they are such elegant writers .
Certainly there are kids who read Tolkien and Lewis , and often prefer it , but it does n’t follow that a Potter fan is automatically a Bilbo Baggins fan .
Tolkien is much harder to read , for one thing , and the works of C.S. Lewis do n’t feel as contemporary as Rowling ’s do .
The latest , coolest reading trend amongst my students is graphic novels .
” When recommending a book to Potter enthusiasts , Oakes always asks , “ What part of Harry Potter is your favorite part ?
The school , the family problems , the sports , horror , the magic… ? ”
Then , she says , “ I come up with some titles based on the answer .
It ’s surprising to me how often students want to read about boarding schools and about all things English … and I ca n’t resist recommending the great contemporary English author Hilary McKay .
Read
The Exiles and see if you can stop reading the rest of her work .
It ’s not fantasy , but it is quintessentially English .
” She went on to offer a post - Hogwarts syllabus of fantasy books : Young Adult / Older ReadersUrsula K.Leguin .
The Earthsea Cycle .
( A quest series with wizards and dragons . )
Patricia McKillup .
The Riddle - Master of Hed .
( A quest series with wizards and mysteries . )
Garth Nix .
The Abhorsen Trilogy .
( A dark fantasy that features necromancy and romance . )
Philip Pullman .
His Dark Materials .
( Parallel worlds that collide in Oxford .
As much science - fiction as fantasy . )
Middle ReadersLloyd Alexander .
The Chronicles of Prydain .
( A quest series with an oracular pig ; highly recommended by The Millions . ) Eoin Colfer .
Artemis Fowl .
( Contemporary magic which relies on technology .
Spies ! ) Diana Wynne Jones .
The Chronicles of Chrestomanci .
( Parallel worlds ; magic ; families in all their dysfunction and glory . )
Jenny Nimmo .
Children of the Red King .
( Wizards go to a school quite different from Hogwarts ! ) ” Many kids do n’t want to be perceived as Potter groupies , ” Oakes noted .
“ It ’s interesting , though , how many will reluctantly pick one of the books up , then get sucked right in to the world Rowling has created .
It is almost impossible to resist the spell of the Potter books .
Having said that , I ’ll be very curious to see how they age . ”
This article discusses how the early IWW used music both as an organising tool and as a means of developing a sense of community among its members .
It puts these activities in the context of the politics and practical activity of the IWW during this period .
The Creation of a Working Class Counter - Culture
“ It is we who ploughed the prairies ; built the cities where they trade ;
Dug the mines and built the workshops , endless miles of railroad laid ;
Now we stand outcast and starving midst the wonders we have made ;
But the union makes us strong .
They have taken untold millions that they never toiled to earn ,
But without our brain and muscle not a single wheel can turn .
We can break their haughty power , gain our freedom when we learn
That the union makes us strong . ”
Quote :
- From Solidarity Forever
This excerpt from probably the most famous song of the American labor movement shows us something important ; even though labor movement theory typically assumes that the class position of workers will naturally give rise to class identity , conscious efforts to create such an identity have often been an integral part of labor organizing efforts .
Historically we can talk about efforts to create a counter - culture , i.e. conscious efforts to create an acting community , a ' we ' ( the workers ) that stands in opposition to a ' them ' ( the employing class ) .
In “ Solidarity Forever ” this is clearly exemplified : A 'we ' – the workers who have constructed everything , and who now stand starving midst the wonders they have made – is put in opposition to a ' them ' – the bosses , owners and politicians who have never toiled a bit , but who nevertheless control all the wealth .
The solution to this is that the we must organize and fight to get back what rightfully is theirs .
In these efforts to create a revolutionary counter - culture the labor movement has almost always had to compete with other groups that have tried to create competing identities and counter poles , which often have been hostile to the labor movement 's schism between employers and workers .
One example is religious groupings , who usually try to build up a schism between heathens and believers .
Another is nationalist and racist groupings , who often try to create a schism between native born people and immigrants , or a hostility towards other nations and ethnic groups .
This latter type has tended to flourish especially in times of war and crisis .
In all of these movements the creation of a common culture has been crucial and this culture has included but not been limited to ; sports teams , theatre , poetry readings , film screenings , educational work , dance events , as well as music .
The creation of a counter - culture has almost always included the creation of specific institutions , rituals and symbols .
In the labor movement one of the clearest examples of this is the celebration of International Workers ' Day , of which music has always been an important part .
One function of this music has been to spread agitational and / or educational lyrics .
“ The Internationale ” , which was written after the Paris rebellion in 1871 is perhaps the best known example of this .
This text imparts many of the labor movement 's core values such as internationalism , anti-militarism and union struggles and it is sung to this day by almost everyone on the left wing .
Another important function of music ( and more specifically , song ) in the labor movement is that it can help to create a feeling of belonging to a greater whole , and thus to meld a community together .
These general remarks about music in the labor movement can also be applied to the American labor movement , and are especially relevant in relation to the Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) , as cultural elements , particularly music and song , were often a key element in their struggles .
I will turn back to this use of culture and music after giving a short introduction to the basic historical and political traits of the IWW .
Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) – Politics and History
Foundation and the Industrial Tactic
The IWW was founded the 27th of June 1905 with the cooperation of elements from the Socialist Labor Party / Socialist Trades & Labor Alliance , the Socialist Party of America , the Western Federation of Miners and survivors of the International Working People 's Association . [ 1 ]
A principal reason for the establishment of the IWW was a recognition that there was a need for a revolutionary labor union that could organise on a national level .
In the preamble to the constitution that was passed at the founding meeting one could read the following :
“ The working class and the employing class have nothing in common .
There can be no peace so long as hunger and want are found among millions of working people and the few , who make up the employing class , have all the good things of life . ” [ 2 ]
Quote :
Another motivation for the founding of the IWW was that there was a need for a union that did n't organise its members based on craft , as for example the biggest labor union at that time , the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) did , but rather organised on the basis of industries or economic sectors .
Organising workers on a craft basis made it possible for employers to pit different craft unions against each other .
For example , an employer could make a deal with a union entitling them to union scabs if another union at one of their workplaces went on strike .
This happened in 1911 when the workers on the Harrison line went on a strike , and sixteen different unions wanted to bargain as one federation .
They were denied this , and the strike lasted four years without the unions getting their demands met , primarily because five other unions supplied Harrison with scabs . [ 3 ]
The murdered wobbly and songwriter Joe Hill who I will discuss further below , wrote the song ' Casey Jones the Union Scab ' in support of the strikers .
In the song , ' Casey Jones ' ( a name which at that time was synonymous with a train driver ) who as the title suggests did n't want to join the strike at his workplace , is killed when his train goes off the track .
He ends up in heaven where St. Peter offers him a job as a scab musician , as all the angels are on strike .
The song ends with him being kicked down to hell by ' The Angels Union No. 23 ' .
Around the same time
Hill wrote a little note to the magazine The Industrial Worker which said :
“ Union scabbing is as if you 're about to be hung , and as you were led to the scaffold the executioner turned to you and said : “ Gee , I hate to do this , but if it is any consolation the scaffold was built by union carpenters , the rope was made by union rope makers and here , sir , is my card . ” ” [ 4 ]
Quote :
The industrial tactic that the IWW promoted aimed at creating cohesion in the working class and ensuring that union organized workers would stand together and support each other when there was a strike .
Because of this , it was important for the IWW to organize groups of workers that the AFL were hesitant to organize and in some cases directly hostile to , as for example women , unskilled workers , unemployed workers , black workers and immigrants .
The IWW reasoned that if they did n't organize these groups the employers could use them to lower the wages and working conditions of the working class as a whole , or use them as scabs to defeat strikes .
The AFL 's solution to this was to exclude these groups , and in some instances even to try to prevent them from getting work .
In 1901 for example , they lobbied Congress to reauthorize the “ Chinese Exclusion Act ” , which in 1882 had made immigration from China to USA illegal for ten years .
In relation to the industrial tactic the IWW preamble stated :
" The rapid gathering of wealth and the centering of the management of industries into fewer and fewer hands make the trade unions unable to cope with the ever - growing power of the employing class , because the trade unions foster a state of things which allows one set of workers to be pitted against another set of workers in the same industry , thereby helping defeat one another in wage wars .
The trade unions aid the employing class to mislead the workers into the belief that the working class have interests in common with their employers .
These sad conditions can be changed and the interests of the working class upheld only by an organization formed in such a way that all its members in any one industry , or in all industries , if necessary , cease work whenever a strike or lockout is on in any department thereof , thus making an injury to one an injury to all . "
Quote :
The end of the first paragraph – “ The trade unions aid the employing class to mislead the workers into the belief that the working class have interests in common with their employer ” – is probably directed at the AFL who proposed that the road to better conditions for the working class went through the capitalist system and in cooperation with the employers and political parties .
The Politics - Marxist , Syndicalist or Anarchist ?
In their recent book ' Black Flame : The Revolutionary Class Politics of Anarchism and Syndicalism ' Michael Schmidt and Lucien van der Walt argue that the IWW should be considered a part of the syndicalist tradition because of their use of the industrial tactic among other reasons .
More specifically , it should be seen as part of syndicalism 's ' Glorious Period ' which lasted from 1895 to 1920 , during which time syndicalist unions like the Spanish CNT , the Italian USI , the Portuguese CGT and the Argentine FORA-V and FORA - IX more than doubled their membership .
Syndicalism also had some major breakthroughs in Africa , Latin - America and Asia in the same period .
[ 5 ]
The IWW itself grew from less then 10 000 members in 1910 , to 14 000 in 1913 , 30 000 in 1915 and 100 000 in 1917 , this being the highest peak of the union 's membership . [ 6 ]
Schmidt and van der
Walt also argue that syndicalism can be seen as part of what they call ' The Broad Anarchist Tradition ' and as an anarchist strategy , a way of doing revolutionary work in the present which carries in itself the possibility of creating a new society .
The syndicalist tradition , including the IWW , can thus be seen as a successor of the Bakuninist rather than the Marxist section of the First International .
Schmidt and van der
Walt suggest that the reason that there have been so many misunderstandings around the political background of the IWW has much to do with all the misunderstandings that continues to flourish around anarchism and syndicalism and how they relate to each other and other movements .
There is not enough space here to go into these misunderstandings in detail , but we can still look at some of the main characteristics of the IWW that makes it syndicalist .
First , the IWW argued principally for what is known as economic action rather than political action .
In other words , the union opposed organizing a parliamentary party which would capture state power and use it to introduce socialism ( this strategy originated from Marx ' position in the First International , commonly known as political socialism ) [ 7 ] .
Instead , they argued that the working class should organize democratically in unions that would use direct action – e.g. strikes , boycotts and sabotage , to force through reforms and at the same time “ rehearse ” for the taking over of power through the general strike .
The IWW was , in keeping with this line , against collective bargaining and parliamentary reformism , which they believed would strip the working class of their initiative .
The IWW viewed the general strike as the means to overthrow capitalism ( defined as an economic minority rule ) and usher in socialism .
In other words , they agreed with the syndicalist ' embryo theory ' , which can be summarized with the slogan “ forming the structure of the new society within the shell of the old ” , a phrase which still can be found in the preamble to the IWW constitution .
[ 8 ]
This theory proposes that through direct action , a democratic union ( i.e. one without a leadership beyond the members control ) can grow and become stronger until it consists of the vast majority of workers within the society .
This union can then take over workplaces during a revolutionary general strike and the democratic structures that it is based on will become the basis for the new society .
In this way syndicalism and the IWW – as well as anarchism or libertarian socialism – distinguished themselves from political socialism , which imagined a period between capitalism and socialism where a political party would rule a strong workers state ( the so called dictatorship of the proletariat that in the 20th century could be seen in practice in countries like China , the Soviet Union and Cuba ) .
The IWW 's Use of Music
In their struggle to promote these politics , the IWW was a singing union .
In the period between 1910 - 1960 the IWW 's songbook ' The Little Red Songbook ' , which is still in print , was regarded by many workers as one of their most beloved possessions besides , of course , their red IWW membership cards .
The songbook was one of the IWW 's most important documents and its songs were sung in numerous situations : around hobo campfires , in boxcars , in Wobbly halls , in the streets , on picket lines , at strike rallies , in court , on the way to jail and in jail .
The songs were a crucial aid in recruiting new members , and they were important in building a sense of fellowship and in keeping spirits up in hard situations . [ 9 ]
Paul Garon writes in his book ' What 's the Use of Walking if Theres a Freight Train Going Your Way ?
Black Hobos and Their Songs ' ( 2005 ) that a mixed group of hobos sitting around a campfire would be more likely to sing Wobbly songs than Blues , Country or Vaudeville songs . [ 10 ]
This tells us something about the popularity these songs enjoyed .
Free Speech Fights – Conflicts with the Salvation Army and Street Theatre
As already said , these songs were used in many different ways , but one story about how The Little Red Songbook came to life can show us one of the most interesting , and perhaps most important use .
Some of the first struggles the IWW was involved in , and some of the first struggles that gave them national attention , were the free speech fights that were fought from around 1910 , only five years after the union was founded .
The first place one of these struggles was fought was in Spokane , Washington from 1909 – 1910 .
At first the IWW focused on getting rid of the so called hiring agencies ( or “ Job Sharks ” , as they also were called ) who sold jobs to the workers , and monopolized the contact with the big employers in the area .
The work that workers got typically lasted for only a short period because the big employers tended to split the jobs up between the many agencies that existed .
This put the workers in a very precarious situation as they constantly had to look for new jobs , and as every time they got one they had to pay for it .
It was even worse if you had nothing but two empty hands to start with , and could n't afford to pay for a job .
In the beginning the IWW focused on getting a boycott of the agencies running and tried at the same time to give workers a chance to get work without having to pay for it .
They established their own ' Union Hiring Halls ' but these were trashed or burned down by company goons .
But they kept on propagating their idea through street speeches , often on old soap boxes close to the hiring agencies . [ 11 ]
As time went by the IWW began making progress with this strategy , in response the agencies started sending out the Salvation Army ( Called “ The Starvation Army ” by many IWW members and sympathizers ) and other religious groups to drown the IWW speakers with trumpets , drums and psalms .
The IWW countered this by handing out cards with alternative lyrics to the psalm tunes , and got the people who had gathered to sing along . [ 12 ]
Joe Hill wrote his first known song in connection with this struggle – “ The Preacher and the Slave ” – to the melody of the hymn “ In the Sweet By and By ” .
The original chorus went as follows :
In the sweet by and by
We shall meet on that beautiful shore .
In the sweet by and by
We shall meet on that beautiful shore .
Quote :
In Joe Hill 's parody the chorus was changed to :
You will eat , bye and bye ,
In that glorious land above the sky ;
Work and pray , live on hay ,
You 'll get pie in the sky when you die ( That 's a lie ) Quote :
This song became so popular that it introduced a new phrase in the English vocabulary : “ Pie in the sky ” .
Today this expression is possible to find in most dictionaries and encyclopedias , and is usually defined to mean something like “ An unrealistic enterprise or prospect of prosperity ” .
[ 13 ]
Joe Hills text then went on the criticize the notion that if you are pious and obedient and accept your earthly situation you 'll get your reward in heaven .
Instead of this he argued that workers have to organize and fight if they want to improve their conditions , before he ends the song by ridiculing employers , politicians and other “ spongers ” :
You will eat , bye and bye
When you 've learned how to cook and how to fry
Chop some wood , ' twill do you good
Then you 'll eat in the sweet bye and bye ( That 's no lie ) Quote :
These songs – and so also the IWW 's political message – were introduced to people in other innovative ways .
On the album We Have Fed You All For A Thousand Years the singer , guitarist and Wobbly Utah Phillips tells about how this song was introduced to a crowd in Spokane , through an element of street theater :
" They got together a little band [...]
They stood in the doorway , waiting to leap out at the unemployed , and regale them with song .
They used a shill to build the crowd , you know , a carnie shill : Somebody uses tricks to build the crowd .
His name was Tresco , but he wore a black suit , a black bowler hat and a string tie with an umbrella and briefcase and looked like a banker .
He walked down where they were hiding in the doorway and suddenly he started to yell : “ Help !
Help !
Help !
I 've been robbed !
Help !
I 've been robbed ! ” Everybody ran across the street : “ What 's the matter ?
What 's the matter ? ”
As soon as he got the crowd together he yelled : “ I 've been robbed by the capitalist system , fellow workers ! ”
He talked to them for ten minutes , and then the boys would leap out and start singing . [ 14 ] " Quote :
In a radio feature about the Little Red Songbook Utah Phillips also talks about a more direct , practical use of the songs in demonstrations and strike rallies :
" If there was a strike on the docks [ ... ] you do n't know how you 're going to feed your kids .
Somebody pits up a brick to throw at a goon , or a company guard .
Fred Hanson would jump in with a song , get everybody singing .
Because when people were singing together they were n't throwing punches and they were n't throwing rocks . [ 15 ] " Quote :
“ Detourné ” of Popular Songs
This practice of changing the lyrics of psalms and other popular tunes of the day became the basis for most of the songs that were published in the Little Red Songbook . [ 16 ]
There are many likely reasons for this practice besides simply acting as a counter move when the Salvation Army tried to sabotage their rallies , but two that strike me as especially relevant are : 1 ) that many of the songwriters did n't necessarily have any kind of musical education or background , and therefore were n't able to write their own melodies , and 2 ) that by using popular tunes of the day it became a lot easier for workers ( who usually could n't read notation ) to instantly recognize the melodies and sing the songs themselves .
As a bonus , the new song could criticize the original lyrics and the function of the song , as for instance “ The Preacher and the Slave ” does .
This practice would later be theorized by the Situationists ( a group of politicized artists founded in 1957 ) as an integral part of the concept of “ Detourné ” , the practice of remaking old art such as songlyrics , movies , cartons , and literature to give it a critical , anti-capitalist message .
As well as providing an alternate form of propaganda , the practice of detourning subverted the typically passive relationship between people and the media they consumed , by forcing them to react to the collision of two opposing frames of meaning .
Other things than art could also be detourned , such as commercials and political theory . [ 17 ]
Another example of a song that refers back to , and criticizes , the original lyrics is the “ Dump the Bosses Off Your Back ” , a text written by John Brill to the psalm “ What a Friend We Have in Jesus ” .
Two verses of the original song went as following :
What a friend we have in Jesus ,
all our sins and griefs to bear !
What a privilege to carry
everything to God in prayer !
O what peace we often forfeit ,
O what needless pain we bear ,
all because we do not carry
everything to God in prayer .
Have we trials and temptations ?
Is there trouble anywhere ?
We should never be discouraged ;
take it to the Lord in prayer .
Can we find a friend so faithful
who will all our sorrows share ?
Jesus knows our every weakness ;
take it to the Lord in prayer .
Quote :
John Brill changed this to :
Are you poor , forlorn and hungry ?
Are there lots of things you lack ?
Is your life made up of misery ?
Then dump the bosses off your back .
Are your clothes all patched and tattered ?
Are you living in a shack ?
Would you have your troubles scattered ?
Then dump the bosses off your back .
Are you almost split asunder ?
Loaded like a long - eared jack ?
Boob -- why do n't you buck like thunder ?
And dump the bosses off your back .
All the agonies you suffer ,
You can end with one good whack --
Stiffen up , you orn 'ry duffer --
And dump the bosses off your back .
Quote :
In this way Brills offers a pretty clear cut critique of the notion that workers ' problems could be solved by taking them “ to the Lord in prayer ” , and at the same time suggests that dumping the bosses of their backs would be a more realistic solution that offered a more immediate salvation .
Humor is of course also an important element at work here .
One of the main reasons that so many of the IWW songs are directed at religion in general , and Christianity specifically , is that religious groups were those who most strongly opposed the IWW 's attempts to create a revolutionary counter - culture .
Furthermore , the fact that these groups were used directly against them , as in the example from the hiring agencies use of the Salvation Army in the Spokane Free Speech fight , and that there was frequently made exceptions for them in laws limiting the IWW 's organizing attempts , are probably also important factors that provoked Wobblies to write these songs .
Anti-militarism , Community Building Songs and Songs to Remember
Still , it 's important to remember that the IWW had more than enough of other issues to protest against besides religion , and that it also was important for them to fill the texts they wrote with a positive message that communicated their basic analyses and solutions .
For example IWW - songwriters made a lot of songs that dealt with current issues such as the world wars or the economic crisis , in addition to songs that were mainly intended to build up their own sense of community .
“ Solidarity Forever ” and “ Casey Jones – The Union Scab ” are examples of the latter , besides innumerable others .
As an example of the former we can look at a text Joe Hill wrote to the Irish traditional tune “ Colleen Brawn ” :
We 're spending billions every year
For guns and ammunition
Our Army and Our Navy dear
To keep in good condition
Why do they mount their Gatling guns
A thousand miles from oceans ?
Where hostile fleets could never run
Ain't that a funny notion ?
Quote :
Another important function of the IWW songs was to remember and celebrate martyrs and important historical incidents .
Among all the IWW martyrs Joe Hill is probably the most important , particularly in a musical connection , even though there were numerous others .
Joe Hill was born in 1879 in Gavle in Sweden .
He was originally named Joel Emmanuel Haggland , but when he in 1902 went with his brother to USA he changed his name to Joseph Hillström , which later was shortened to Joe Hill .
Little is known about Joe Hill 's first ten years in USA , but around 1910 he started writing radical songs and by then he had joined the IWW .
In December 1914 he was arrested and charged with the murder of a local store owner .
By the following year he was prosecuted and sentenced to death without anything but circumstantial evidence having been presented at the trial .
One of the reasons this happened was that Hill believed that he did n't have to prove his innocence .
He felt that it was up to the court system to prove that he was guilty , and therefore did not give any testimony to what he was doing the night of the murder , as the court system could n't prove that he even could have been at the site of the crime .
Of course , the fact that he was a well known IWW organizer and songwriter did n't help his case much , but it was an important reason for the large popular protests that greeted the outcome of the trial . [ 18 ]
This reaction was echoed eleven years later when the two anarchists Sacco and Vanzetti were sentenced to death in Boston eleven years later .
The day before he was executed Joe Hill wrote a little note that was smuggled out of the prison .
It said :
My will is easy to decide
For there is nothing to divide
My kin do n't need to fuss and moan
" Moss does not cling to a rolling stone . "
My body ?
- Oh. -
If I could choose
I would to ashes it reduce
And let the merry breezes blow
My dust to where some flowers grow
Perhaps some fading flower then
Would come to life and bloom again
This is my Last and final Will
Good Luck to All of you Joe Hill [ 19 ] Quote :
This note is usually recited by performers singing the well known song ' I Dreamed I Saw Joe Hill Last Night ' , which was written by Alfred Hayes about fifteen years later .
In addition , Ethel Raim has also written a melody for the note itself .
The two most important verses of " I Dreamed I Saw Joe Hill Last Night " are probably the following :
And standing there as big as life and smiling with his eyes
says Joe " what they can never kill , went on to organize .
From San Diego up to Maine , in every mine and mill ,
where working - men defend their rights , it 's there you find Joe Hill .
Quote :
These two texts , together with a short message Joe Hill telegraphed to Bill Haywood ( at that time general secretary of the IWW ) containing three famous words : “ Do n't mourn – Organize ! ” , has made Joe Hill into one of the most well known symbols and martyrs of the American labor movement .
This is probably one of the reasons why this song was sung by so many artist during the 50s and 60s folk revival .
Artists who sung this song in this period include artist like Pete Seeger , Joan Baez and Woody Guthrie .
Guthrie 's repertoire included many other songs about labors martyrs and important historical events , for example the entire album “ Ballads of Sacco and Vanzetti ” was written in memory of the executed anarchists , while the song “ Ludlow Massacre ” commemorates the eleven children and two women who were killed by the national guard during a strike in April 1914 . [ 20 ]
Among other songs that remember and celebrate historical incidents , both victories and losses , we could name “ John Golden and The Lawrence Strike ” by Joe Hill and “ Bread and Roses ” by James Oppenheim ( lyrics ) and Mimi Baez Fariña ( music ) as examples .
Both are about the same historical event :
The Lawrence strike of 1912 for higher wages and better working conditions that was won by the workers after a long and bitter struggle .
The song by Joe Hill is pretty similar to the ones we already have looked at , and is also written to a Christian Hymn , “ A Little Talk With Jesus ” , but in contrast to the others this text is not mainly critical or ridiculing , but positive and celebrating :
That 's one time Golden din not
make it right , all right ;
In Spite of his schemes
The strikers won the fight .
When all strikers stand ,
United hand in hand
The world with all its wealth
Will be at their command .
Quote :
On the album “ Fellow Workers ” , Utah Phillips talks about the Lawrence strike , and offers some thoughts on why these songs can maintain their relevance for the labor movement generation after generation :
I never had to work underground in Pennsylvania at the age of twelve in a coal mine .
My sister never had to work at the of eight or nine at the looms in Lawrence , Massachusetts , or anybody else .
None of us have had to do those sort of thing , and why ?
Why do we have that eight hour day ?
Why do we have those mine safety laws ?
Why do we have all those laws busting the sweatshops ?
Were they benevolent gifts from an enlightened management ?
No , they were fought for , bled for , died for , by people lot like us .
They died not on the battlefield to fight another dumb bosses war .
They died on the picket line to give all of us a better future . [ 21 ]
Quote :
Sources :
Books :
● Big Bill Hayward ( Manchester University Press , 1987 ) - Melvyn Dubofsky
● Black Flame : the Revolutionary Class Politics of Anarchism and Syndicalism – Michael Schmidt and Lucien van der Walt ( AK press , 2009 )
● Joe Hill : IWW Songwriter - Dean Noland and Fred Thompson
( http://zinelibrary.info/joe-hill-iww-songwriter )
● The Big Red Songbook ( Charles H. Kerr Publishing Company , 2007 ) – Archie Green , David Roediger , Franklin Rosemont and Salvatore Salerno
Web pages :
http://www.iww.org/
http://www.norgeslexi.com/
Sound :
We Have Fed You All For Thousand Years – Utah Phillips
Fellow Workers – Utah Phillips
“ The Little Red Songbook ” feature from NPR Music News
( http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5764742&ft=1&f=1033 )
Notes
[ 1 ] From the IWW 's official homepage ( http://www.iww.org/culture/chronology/ )
[ 2 ] Ibid ( http://www.iww.org/culture/official/SaintJohn1.shtml#preamble )
[ 3] Joe Hill : IWW Songwriter by Dean Noland and Fred Thompson ( http://zinelibrary.info/joe-hill-iww-songwriter ) p. 5 - 7
[ 4 ] Retold by Utah Phillips on the album We Have Fed You All For 1000 Years , track 11 .
( All coming quotations from Utah Phillips are written down from audio tracks by me . )
[ 5 ] Ibid p. 164 - 169
[ 6 ] Big Bill Hayward ( Manchester University Press , 1987 ) by Melvyn Dubofsky p. 81 - 95
[ 7 ]
It might be mentioned that a minority fraction centered around Daniel DeLeon argued for the creation of a party that would work within the parliamentary system , and who through a electoral victory synchronized with the general strike would help bring about the revolution .
This fraction was however never able to convince the rest of the union of their views , and therefore split with the union to make a new Detroit based union called Workers ' Industrial International Union .
[ 8 ] http://www.iww.org/culture/official/preamble.shtml
[ 9 ] From The Big Red Songbook ( Charles H. Kerr Publishing Company , 2007 ) by Archie Green , David Roediger , Franklin Rosemont and Salvatore Salerno p. 13 - 14
[ 10 ] Ibid p. 15
[ 11 ] Utah Phillips : Fellow Worker , track 5
[ 12 ] Noland and Thompson p. 4
[ 13 ] Merriam - Webster Online ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/pie-in-the-sky )
[ 14 ] Utah Phillips : We Have Fed You All For 1000 Years , track 9 .
[ 15 ] “ The Little Red Songbook ” feature from NPR Music News
[ 16 ]
It should be mentioned that there are a lot of exceptions from this .
Joe Hill did for example write some melodies himself ( « Rebel Girl » , amongst others ) and the composer Rudolf von Liebich – the composer of « We Have Fed You All For A Thousand Years » – wrote songs for the IWW .
[ 17 ] See for example A User ’s Guide to Détournement ( http://www.bopsecrets.org/SI/detourn.htm) or thesis 204 – 209 in The Society of the Spectacle by Guy Debord
[ 18 ] Nolan and Thompson p. 1 - 2 9 - 15
[ 19 ] Ibid p. 17 , A picture of the note can be found on wikipedia.com : http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/File:Joe_Hill_will.pdf
[ 20 ] Peoples History of the United States – Howard Zinn p. 346 - 349
[ 21 ] Utah Phillips : Fellow Workers , track 8
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Uganda has developed in leaps and bounds in recent years , but with modernisation has come a disturbing increase in human sacrifice .
The authorities set up an anti-human sacrifice task force in 2009 , to try to combat the rise in the number of ritual child killings being performed by witch doctors .
Newsnight 's Tim Whewell travelled to Uganda , where he met a former witch doctor now working to convert other witch doctors from their practices .
His report contains accounts that viewers may find disturbing .
Broadcast on Thursday 7 January 2010
Syfy Channel has just greenlighted the long - awaited Sharktopus movie , to be directed by cult monster auteur Roger Corman .
Will the sharktopus look like this concept design by Matt Leach ?
Sources inside Syfy say it will be way weirder .
Advertisement
Syfy's Karen O'Hara , who is the channel 's director of original movies , tweeted Wednesday :
Just got off the phone with the legendary Roger Corman who 's doing a new movie for us this year .
Yes , it 's the long - rumored SHARKTOPUS ! . . .
Spent half an hour discussing what a sharktopus should look like , how many mouths it should have and how it should kill .
Advertisement
Clearly Corman and O'Hara are designing an awesomely weird version of an already - weird monster .
They 're not just thinking toothy mouth , but multiple mouths .
Speaking as a giant monster fan , that 's what I like to hear .
Here is another artist 's conception of a sharktopus , which is quite nice but only has one mouth .
Serious drawback .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Also , just in case you need more Sharktopus in your life , you can get a Sharktopus t- shirt from Nature 's Mistake ( $ 26 ) here or get a " beware of Sharktopus " tee from Skreened ( $ 20 ) here .
I 'm starting to think that Sharktopus is n't just a kaiju - it 's a lifestyle .
Advertisement
Top image by Matt Leach .
MOSCOW , Russia —
Three leading Russian liberals have come under attack in a smear campaign reminiscent of Soviet - era tactics against those who went against the grain of official thought .
Ilya Yashin , a leader of the opposition Solidarity movement , Mikhail Fishman , editor of the Russian edition of Newsweek , and Dmitry Oreshkin , an independent political analyst , found themselves playing starring roles as bribe - givers in a YouTube video that went viral last week .
The video presents an anonymous caller ringing the three men and asking if they have ever given bribes to Russia ’s notoriously corrupt traffic police .
Fishman and Oreshkin openly say that they have .
The four minute - long video intersperses the three men’s answers with images of their bribe - giving inside a cop car , from different angles , with the policemen ’s faces blurred out .
All three appear surprised when the cops refuse to take the bribe , responding instead with a hearty lesson : “ Do n’t break the rules — and do n’t offer money ! ”
That video had little effect .
Russia ’s traffic police are among the country ’s least loved — just 23 percent of Russians trust them according to a 2008 poll by the Public Opinion Foundation .
That feeling has only solidified in the past few months amid a spate of outrageous scandals ( earlier this month , Russian traffic police came under fire for forcing random drivers to set up a “ human shield ” with their cars on one of Moscow ’s main thoroughfares in order to stop a runaway criminal ) .
Yashin and Fishman said the video was doctored , with words put in their mouths .
The supposed police were actors , they said .
Many people simply rolled their eyes .
“ Yeah everyone gives traffic police money — there ’s nothing really horrible here , ” wrote one Russian YouTube commenter .
Then on Tuesday , a new video appeared .
In addition to the alleged bribing , the second half of the video , titled “ Fishman - Drug Addict ” shows a man who appears to be Fishman sitting near a half - naked girl , her face blurred out .
He sits before a stool , carefully cutting a white powder with a credit card and then snorting it .
The video fades with Russian music accompanying a nude Fishman getting dressed .
By then , it was clear a campaign was underway .
In a telephone interview on Wednesday , Yashin accused people close to Russia ’s highest powers of ordering the campaign .
“ The scale of these special operations — and these are n’t even provocations , but special operations — is huge .
It costs a lot of money to organize , to get people involved , ” he said .
“ Whoever did it — the police or the security services — they need an order .
That ’s how they function . ”
“ That ’s why I ’m sure those who ordered this are close to the presidential administration , ” Yashin said .
The video first got attention after appearing on the website of Nashi , the pro-Putin youth group created by Vladislav Surkov , deputy of the presidential chief of staff and the Kremlin ’s chief ideologist .
Yashin declined to implicate Surkov directly .
A source inside the presidential administration said any suggestion of the Kremlin ’s involvement was “ pure idiotism . ”
“ Anything that happens that people do n’t like , it ’s easiest to blame the Kremlin .
Who ’s guilty ?
Of course , the Kremlin .
And , let me guess , the security services , ” the source said .
“ We will not sink to their level and give an official comment , ” the source said .
Yashin took to his blog on Wednesday to warn that further material could be forthcoming .
After viewing the second video , he said he recognized its location , an apartment that he said belonged to a model named Katya Gerasimova .
Yashin said he ended his brief affair with Gerasimova last year after suspecting her of collecting blackmail on him , following a bizarre meeting in which they engaged in a threesome , she tried to lure him with sex toys and implored him to roll a joint .
“ At that moment , everything became as clear as day , ” he writes .
Fishman would not comment on the case .
Russian Newsweek , along with The New Times , is Russia ’s leading liberal magazine , and features hard - hitting reporting on Russian political intrigue , as well as police and military affairs .
In the interview , Yashin said he believed the timing of the campaign was linked to the Kremlin ’s increasing worry over its falling popularity .
“ Times are n’t easy for the Russian leadership — their disapproval rating is growing , ” he said .
“ They ’re leading people away from worrying about important things like politics , and putting attention on things like traffic police , scandals , yellow gossip . "
One person close to affair , who asked not to be identified , saw a larger campaign underway .
“ They ’ve chosen one politician , one journalist , one analyst , ” the person said .
“ It looks like an attack on liberal society in general . ”
On Tuesday , the chief editors of Russia ’s leading press — including the Kommersant and Izvetsia dailies , the Moskovsky Komsomolets tabloid , and Russia ’s best - selling newspaper Argumenty i Fakti — signed a letter in public support of Fishman .
If you ’ve worked at enough companies in the IT industry , you ’ve probably noticed that the most talented software developers tend to not stick around at one place for too long .
The least talented folks , on the other hand , entrench themselves deep within the organization , often building beachheads of bad code that no sane developer would dare go near , all the while ensuring their own job security and screwing up just enough times not to get fired .
Earlier this month , Bruce F. Webster aptly named this phenomenon the Dead Sea Effect .
Today , I ’ll discuss a solution to overcoming it .
In short : embrace turnover , encourage separation , and do n’t even think about saying “ careers , not jobs . ”
Oh yes , it ’s Employment 2.0 .
Revisiting the Cravath System
Like many 2.0 - isms and “ innovative ” ways of doing business , the “ Up or Out ” solution to our personnel crisis is not new .
Paul D. Cravath first implemented it at the turn of the century .
Not this century , of course , but the last one .
Here ’s how the “ Cravath System ” works .
Bring lots of new employees in , team them up with mentors , provide real work to do , and give them a choice : either get lots of great experience and get out , or work hard for a higher - up position .
Whenever you hear someone aspire to “ make partner ” , he ’s undoubtedly working at a firm that ’s adopted this model .
Since its inception in the early 1900 ’s , the Cravath System has spread to tens of thousands of different companies in different professions , ranging from accounting to urban planning .
Robert T. Swaine , in his 1947 book The Cravath Firm And Its Predecessors , describes the result of its use :
Under the “ Cravath system ” of taking a substantial number of men annually and keeping a current constantly moving up in the office , and its philosophy of tenure , men are constantly leaving … it is often difficult to keep the best men long enough to determine whether they shall be made partners , for Cravath - trained men are always in demand , usually at premium salaries .
Sound familiar ?
If we “ black box ” our current process and the Cravath System , they ’re practically the same thing : lots of new hires of varying skill come in , and mostly talented workers come out .
Yet , somehow , our box gets mucked up with the “ residue ” , while theirs stays a well - oiled machine .
There ’s a good reason for this : instead of fighting to retain top talent , we need to make top talent .
A Reality Check
Let ’s not ignore the elephant in the room : employees will quit .
No matter what you say , no matter what cushiony benefits you give , no matter how hard you try , they will leave you .
It ’s just a matter of “ when ” .
In almost every job I ’ve had , giving my two - week notice was like an awkward , uncomfortable break - up .
“ Really , ” I ’d say time and time again , “ it ’s not you , it ’s me . ”
It seemed no one understood that it was “ just that time ” .
Worse still , they ’d often decline my offer of thoroughly training a replacement and would sometimes even terminate my employment on the spot .
This was truly their loss : when I ’d leave , I ’d take all institutional knowledge they paid me to learn on my own , and not distill it for my successor .
The reason that I ( and many of you ) have had these similar quitting experiences is because many employers – despite having been employees themselves – do n’t want to accept the fact that employees quit .
Some even desperately try to change the fact .
I ca n’t count the times I ’ve heard “ we offer careers , not just jobs ” and “ we ’re more like a family than a company . ”
Interestingly enough , those companies tend to have the most mature dead - sea cycles .
Employees – especially the most talented ones – are not “ dating around ” and moving from place to place in search of the Perfect Company at which they can grow old and retire at .
They ’ve already aced the first four rungs of Maslow ’s hierarchy and are in search of self - actualization : the instinctual need of humans to make the most of their abilities and to strive to be the best they can .
This point bears repeating .
Indefinite retention is impossible ; employees always quit .
The key part is understanding why , and how to leverage this inevitability towards everyone ’s advantage .
Why the Skilled Quit First
Bruce did an excellent job of explaining why the unskilled do n’t quit :
They tend to be grateful they have a job and make fewer demands on management ; even if they find the workplace unpleasant , they are the least likely to be able to find a job elsewhere .
They tend to entrench themselves , becoming maintenance experts on critical systems , assuming responsibilities that no one else wants so that the organization can’t afford to let them go .
The reason that skilled employees quit , however , is a bit more complicated .
In virtually every job , there is a peak in the overall value ( the ratio of productivity to cost ) that an employee brings to his company .
I call this the Value Apex .
On the first minute of the first day , an employee ’s value is effectively zero .
As that employee becomes acquainted with his new environment and begins to apply his skills and past experiences , his value quickly grows .
This growth continues exponentially while the employee masters the business domain and shares his ideas with coworkers and management .
However , once an employee shares all of his external knowledge , learns all that there is to know about the business , and applies all of his past experiences , the growth stops .
That employee , in that particular job , has become all that he can be .
He has reached the value apex .
If that employee continues to work in the same job , his value will start to decline .
What was once “ fresh new ideas that we ca n’t implement today ” become “ the same old boring suggestions that we ’re never going to do ” .
Prior solutions to similar problems are greeted with “ yeah , we worked on that project , too ” or simply dismissed as “ that was five years ago , and we ’ve all heard the story . ”
This leads towards a loss of self actualization which ends up chipping away at motivation .
Skilled developers understand this .
Crossing the value apex often triggers an innate “ probably time for me to move on ” feeling and , after a while , leads towards inevitable resentment and an overall dislike of the job .
Nothing – not even a team of on - site masseuses – can assuage this loss .
On the other hand , the unskilled tend to have a slightly different curve : Value Convergence .
They eventually settle into a position of mediocrity and stay there indefinitely .
The only reason their value does not decrease is because the vast amount of institutional knowledge they hoard and create .
Shaping the Value Apex
There ’s an entire mini-industry out there that helps companies stretch the value apex .
Just googling “ employee retention ” brings back myriad results and ads , ranging from books to seminars to consultants .
The value proposition of these various products is simple : spend some money now to retain employees longer , thereby saving more money later in turnover costs .
However , the value apex can only be stretched so far .
At some point , the cost of retaining – be it through salary increases , motivational programs , or creating a Neverland with free food , free toys , and exuberant goof - off time – exceeds the cost of turnover .
Regardless of how much a company spends on this – too little , too much , or just enough – it does not change the fact that the value apex exists .
After stretching , there ’s only two ways to further optimize the value apex : by accelerating the value - growth curve and terminating it as close to the as the apex as possible .
Both of these are accomplished through the Cravath System .
A Culture of Quitting
We ’ve all experienced how managers and higher - ups dance around the fact that we ’ll quit someday .
The justification given for why a process should be documented is almost always “ because you might be hit by a bus tomorrow ” ( or the less macabre “ win the lottery ” ) .
Since neither is within the realm of reasonable probability , this transitional documentation is often half - assed with the understandable “ you ’ll have more things to worry about if I get hit by a bus ” attitude .
But imagine if the justification for documentation was different :
I need you to document this process in detail so that any yahoo can understand it a year from now after you ’ve left .
I ’ve never had a manager or higher - up ever put it that way .
In fact , many people feel that ’s an even more solid justification than “ hit by a bus ” .
But it is n’t ; it ’s just reality .
Why not accept it ?
Of course , that justification would never even need to be given if a company embraced a culture of quitting .
If they were upfront with their employees and said something to the effect of , “ we know that you ’re not going to retire here ; in fact , after two to three years , we know you ’ll be ready to move on to a different job .
But before that happens , we want to make sure that you feel that you ’ve done an excellent job here and are leaving with some solid experience under your belt .
Of course , there are a handful of architect and management positions available , but you ’ll really need to demonstrate commitment before even being considered for those .
Obviously , that path is n’t for everyone . ”
Imagine how much different things would be if you were told that on your first day .
Just about every task you do would be in consideration of your successor .
Not only would you take pride in solving problems – and , of course , getting strong ROR ( Return on Resume ) for those solutions – but you ’d also take pride in knowing that the guy who comes after you will have an easy time picking up your work .
Just as your predecessor did for you .
The benefits do n’t stop there .
A company with a culture of quitting does not have ex-employees ; they have alumni .
This is far more than a semantic distinction .
An alumni relationship is positive ; something that people can take pride in ; and one that keeps the door open for further opportunities on both ends .
Let ’s face it ; we ’re already curious about our former workplaces and try to keep up through former coworkers .
It ’d be that much easier if the company facilitated this in some manner .
The alumni relationship also helps with the flow of new personnel .
While ex-employees are be hesitant to recommend the company they “ broke up ” with , alumni will champion it to colleagues in need of similar experience .
Furthermore , there ’s no sense of defeat when an alumni returns – armed with experiences from other organizations – for another tenure .
For consulting companies or services firms , maintaining a solid relationship with alumni is an excellent avenue to find new business .
Who better to recommend as a vendor than a company that one had first - hand experience working at ?
But perhaps the most important benefit to a culture of quitting is that it effectively flushes out the residue of unskilled employees .
When someone has n’t moved up or out after a few cycles , it becomes painfully evident who the weakest link is .
Everyone – even that certain someone – knows that they ’ve long outstayed their welcome .
If the sheer awkwardness of being “ that guy ” does n’t cause him to leave on his own , and he still does n’t get it after being asked to resign , then certainly no one will miss him when he ’s inevitably let go .
Bringing Home Change
Obviously , this article has painted some incredibly broad strokes , the largest being the stark dichotomy between skilled and unskilled developers , and the lack of distinction between organizations .
While this does n’t change the fact that a value apex exists , it does change its shape .
Generally speaking :
The higher - up the position , the longer the curve .
Changes tend to occur much more slowly at the top .
For example , a basic “ refactoring ” of a department ’s teams could take well over a year to implement .
.
Changes tend to occur much more slowly at the top .
For example , a basic “ refactoring ” of a department ’s teams could take well over a year to implement .
The greater the skill , the shorter the curve .
Ambition and skill go hand - in - hand , and ambitious individuals tend to want swift changes , and quickly lose motivation when these do n’t happen .
Ambition and skill go hand - in - hand , and ambitious individuals tend to want swift changes , and quickly lose motivation when these do n’t happen .
The larger the company , the shorter the curve .
Large teams are generally not receptive to ideas from the new guy , leaving a large part of contribution ( i.e. past experience ) wasted .
Furthermore , promotions are often based on tenure , not skill .
Large teams are generally not receptive to ideas from the new guy , leaving a large part of contribution ( i.e. past experience ) wasted .
Furthermore , promotions are often based on tenure , not skill .
The smaller the company , the longer the curve .
Smaller companies , on the other hand , are more receptive to change , allowing one to contribute past experiences for a long while .
Smaller companies , on the other hand , are more receptive to change , allowing one to contribute past experiences for a long while .
The less skill - demanding the company , the significantly longer the curve .
Not all companies need top talent .
For example , the company who needs only maintainers of an ancient COBOL application might be best fit with curves that are closer to the value convergence .
One important point to keep in mind , too , is that skill is not measure of overall worth .
At some point in our lives , many of us no longer look towards our career for self actualization .
For example , many feel that having a family provides much more self actualization than a career , and choose not to work those sixty hour weeks to meet those tight deadlines .
And there ’s nothing wrong with that .
That said , we still need to bring these changes to our industry .
Obviously , we ca n’t all implement the Cravath System overnight .
For many companies – especially those who really do n’t need skilled developers –a full - fledged Cravath system will never be a good fit .
But there is one thing that we all can do .
In fact , let ’s all do it together , right now , right this moment .
Employees , go ahead and say to yourself :
I know that I will quit my job , and there ’s nothing wrong with that .
Now it ’s your turn , employers / managers :
I know that my employees will quit , and there ’s nothing wrong with that .
Once we ’ve all accepted this , things will start to work better .
Eventually , we ’ll join the legal industry , the accounting industry , and so many others , and we too will have our well - oiled machine .
But first things first : we need to embrace quitting , not fear it .
Over the past several years , immigration hard - liners at the Arizona Legislature persuaded their colleagues to criminalize the presence of illegal border - crossers in the state and ban soft immigration policies in police agencies � only to be thwarted by vetoes from a Democratic governor .
This year , their prospects have improved .
A proposal to draw local police deeper into the fight against illegal immigration has momentum , and even opponents expect the new Republican governor to sign off on the changes .
The proposal would make Arizona the only state to criminalize the presence of illegal immigrants through an expansion of its trespassing law .
It also would require police to try to determine people 's immigration status when there 's reasonable suspicion they are in the country illegally .
An estimated 460,000 illegal immigrants live in the state .
" The greatest threat to our neighborhoods is the illegal alien invasion , " said Republican Sen.
Russell Pearce of Mesa , sponsor of the proposal , explaining that some illegal immigrants who are criminals bring violence and other crimes to the United States .
Supporters say the new rules are needed because the federal government has done a lousy job of trying seal the border and crack down on immigrants in the country 's interior .
Opponents say such new duties would be costly and lead to racial profiling .
The proposal passed the Senate two weeks ago , and a similar bill could come to a vote of the full House as early as this week .
Paul Senseman , spokesman for Republican Gov. Jan Brewer , said the governor does n't comment on pending legislation but generally supports pragmatic immigration laws .
Her predecessor , Janet Napolitano , a Democrat , vetoed similar proposals .
Many of the state 's local police bosses have long resisted suggestions that their officers conduct day - to - day immigration enforcement , saying it would distract them from investigating other crimes and sow distrust among immigrants , who might not help officers investigating crimes because they fear being sent home .
" We are not anti-immigration enforcement , " said Kingman Police Chief Robert DeVries , who opposes the bill .
" We are just concerned about some of the responsibilities that are being pushed on us and how it affects our ability to provide day - to - day services in our communities . "
Immigrant rights advocates are especially concerned about the trespassing expansion , saying it would inevitably lead to hassles for U.S. citizens and legal immigrants who would be approached by police because of their skin color .
" Bills like this that cast a net so wide are guaranteed to trap U.S. citizens , " said Jennifer Allen , director of the Border Action Network , an immigrant rights group based in southern Arizona .
Pearce said he does n't see the trespassing expansion being used on a wide scale and said officers would n't be required to arrest all illegal immigrants under such a law .
Pearce said officers could turn illegal immigrants over to federal authorities , as police now routinely do , or they could use the trespassing expansion to hold onto illegal immigrants who are suspects in crimes .
First - offense trespassing by an illegal immigrant would be a top - tier misdemeanor punishable by up to six months in jail .
Subsequent violations would be mid-tier felonies that would carry a penalty of one - and - a - half to three years in prison .
One element of the proposal would ban what anti-immigration groups call sanctuary polices � local rules that discourage or restrict officers from questioning immigrants .
Supporters of the bill say the policies � enacted by cities � create areas of " sanctuary " for illegal immigrants .
The bill would let any person file a lawsuit to challenge the polices .
If a judge finds a city restricted enforcement , the city could face civil penalties of $ 1,000 to $ 5,000 for each day the policy remains in effect after the lawsuit is filed .
Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema of Phoenix , an opponent of the measure , disputes that cities and counties have any written or de facto policies that make them sanctuaries .
" It 's just not true , " Sinema said .
---
On the Net :
Arizona Legislature : www.azleg.gov/
It was the most famous house in Georgian England , but for some it was a sham and an architectural failure .
Amanda Vickery considers its eccentric creator Horace Walpole
If you are an aficionado of architecture , you will know Horace Walpole as the creator of Strawberry Hill ( 1747-90 ) , in Twickenham , west London , a flamboyant experiment in Gothic revival , forerunner of all those Victorian town halls , churches and stations which define our townscapes .
You may also remember him as the author of The Castle of Otranto ( 1764 ) , the first gothic novel , initiating a spooky literary genre still going strong .
Connoisseurs of Georgian culture recognise the voluble Walpole as a catty commentator on fashionable society .
With 48 volumes of his correspondence in print , historians can rely on him for a gossipy opinion on most topics from adultery and chandeliers to wigs and Whigs .
Hardly a party was thrown without Walpole on the sidelines taking sly notes for the amusement of posterity .
A new exhibition at the Victoria & Albert museum in London throws the spotlight on the peripheral observer and showcases the peculiarity of his taste .
It restages Walpole 's eclectic ­collection and evokes the dense ­interiors of his summer retreat , Strawberry Hill , as a curtain raiser for the reopening this autumn of the freshly restored house itself .
According to Michael Snodin , ­curator of the exhibition , Walpole " as a lively and incisive commentator shaped the way we see 18th - century politics and society .
As the most ­important collector of his time he created a form of thematised historical display which prefigured modern ­museums .
And Strawberry Hill was the most influential building of the early Gothic revival . "
Walpole ( 1717 - 97 ) was the youngest son of Sir Robert Walpole , the first prime minister , and Catherine Shorter , daughter of a timber merchant .
His parents were estranged even before his birth , the young Walpole remaining with his adored mother in the London house on Arlington Street in Piccadilly , avoiding Houghton – the Norfolk palace raised by his father as a monument to power .
After a conventional education ( Eton and Cambridge topped off with the grand tour ) , Walpole became MP for Callington in 1743 , where he never set foot .
Effete and feeble , he bore little resemblance to his hearty father .
Still he remained loyal to Whig politics and accepted sinecures worth £ 2,000 a year , bankrolling his " career " as a connoisseur and gentleman of leisure .
To us , Walpole appears decidedly peculiar – etiolated , fastidious and affected – and even in his own times he was considered singular .
The writer Letitia Hawkins remembered a pallid aesthete tripping everywhere on his toes .
" His figure was not merely tall , but more properly long and slender to excess : his complexion and particularly his hands of a most unhealthy paleness . . . he always entered a room in that style of affected delicacy , which fashion had then made almost natural . . . knees bent and feet on tip toe as if afraid of a wet floor . "
Though Walpole had a penchant for the company of old ladies and un­marriageable or disgraced noblewomen , he evaded matrimony , remaining to his death aged 79 what used to be called a confirmed bachelor .
Instead he drew about him a collection of highly cultured " dear friends " – men of sensitive taste but lesser background , who shared his obsessions .
Walpole had an especially fraught and jealous relationship with Thomas Gray , of the famous " Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard " , whom he met at Eton and took with him on his European tour .
Was Walpole gay ?
Is Strawberry Hill the manifestation of a gay aesthetic ?
The questions linger , even though searching for something akin to a ­modern homosexual identity is fruitless .
Homosexual acts were criminal – sodomy was a capital offence – but virile men were known to take lovers of both sexes , while effeminate manners were seen as a Frenchified heterosexual weakness .
Walpole 's biographers have often considered him effeminate and asexual , or at most passively homosexual .
George Haggerty ponders the mystery again in the collection of essays that accompanies the exhibition .
Walpole and his close male friends " did not identify themselves and were not identified by their contemporaries as sodomites , although several of them were known to feel desire for members of their own sex " .
Walpole 's life - long correspondent , the Florentine expatriate Sir Horace Mann , was labelled a " finger - twirler " by the diarist and social commentator Hester Lynch Piozzi .
A romantic and erotic camaraderie is detectable among the aesthetes , archly expressed in interior decoration and antiquarianism .
Anachronistically , but plausibly , Haggerty sees a camp sensibility at work .
Strawberry
Hill was to be the playground of affectation , a stage set on which Walpole performed his life , and an irresistible resort for his special friends .
Strawberry Hill was in fashionable Twickenham , a two - hour carriage drive from London , but enjoying some rays of royal glamour from nearby Richmond Palace and Hampton Court .
The bosky Thameside bristled with the stately dowagers Walpole so admired , while the illustrious poet Alexander Pope had lived less than a mile away .
In 1747 , Walpole leased a nondescript suburban house ( built 1698 ) from Mrs Chevenix , a famous seller of trinkets .
" It is a little plaything that I got out of Mrs Chevenix 's shop and is the prettiest bauble you ever saw . "
In modern terms , the house is palatial , but by the standards of Georgian magnificence it was dinky .
" Lord God ! Jesus !
What a house ! " cried Lady Townsend on an early visit .
" It is just such a house as the parson 's where the children lie at the end of the bed . "
As the second home of a fashionable gentleman who had a thoroughly classical headquarters in London , it was free from the rules governing the design of houses in town .
Walpole set about Gothicising and extending , transforming the villa into " a gingerbread castle " , " a Gothic mousetrap " , a " paper house " .
He likened his adventure to that of Lord Burlington 's pioneering of the neo- ­Palladian in miniature at nearby Chiswick House : " As my castle is so diminutive , I give myself a Burlington air and say that as Chiswick is a model of Grecian ­architecture , Strawberry Hill is to be so of Gothic . "
Walpole dated his interest in the Gothic from seeing King 's College chapel as an undergraduate at Cambridge , constructed when " Art and Palladio had not reached the land nor methodised the Vandal builder 's hand " .
He was hardly the first to pursue an antiquarian interest in British history or to admire the melancholy dignity of old cathedrals .
The Gothic was seen as one decorative idiom among several , suited to informal rooms and garden structures .
There was already a pseudo - Gothic summer house in Vauxhall pleasure gardens .
Plenty of nobles lived in crumbling houses , finding romance in heraldry and ancestry , old tapestry and stained glass .
Gothic was a ready decorative choice for private chapels , especially for Catholics anxious to assert the continuity of the old religion .
It also appealed to women with a strong sense of dynasty .
The widow Lady Oxford began a fan - vaulted dining room at Welbeck Abbey in 1742 , while Lady Pomfret built a castle - style house on Arlington Street in London ( Walpole 's own road ) in the late 1750s .
Pretentious as he was , Walpole did not claim to have revived the medieval single - handed .
He wrote to Mann in Italy for " any fragments of old painted glass , arms or anything " , reassuring him of " the liberty of taste into which we are all struck " .
With papier - mâché friezes , Gothic - themed wallpaper , fireplaces copied from medieval tombs , a Holbein chamber evoking the court of Henry VIII , Dutch blue and white tiles on the floor , and modern oil paintings , china and carpets throughout , Strawberry Hill was hardly a faithful recreation of a medieval manor .
Walpole wanted theatrical effect , atmosphere and " gloomth " , not a time capsule .
­" Visions you know have always been my pasture . . .
Old castles , old pictures , old histories and the babble of old ­people make one live back into centuries that cannot disappoint one . "
The Gothic era he plundered seemed to encompass all the centuries before Inigo Jones ( who transplanted the principles of Italian renaissance architecture under the patronage of Charles I ) .
Any period from the dark ages to the Jacobean was ripe for plagiarism .
He made no doctrinaire claims .
" I do not mean to defend by argument a small capricious house .
It was built to please my own taste , and in some degree to please my own visions . "
Ever delicate , he admitted , " In Truth I do not mean to make my house so Gothic as to exclude convenience and modern refinements in luxury . "
Teased by Mann as to whether the garden had to be medieval to match , he ruled " Gothic is merely architecture and as one has a satisfaction in imprinting the gloomth of abbeys and cathedrals on one 's house , so one 's garden on the contrary is to be­ ­nothing but riant [ cheerful ] and the gaiety of nature . "
But the garden still had to be picturesque .
After a lecture on the ideal effect of the trees , the local ­nurseryman sighed : " Yes sir , I understand , you would have them hang down ­poetical . "
Strawberry Hill was a confection , a mock - castle of a fake dynasty complete with a reproduction baronial hall , flourishing the arms and images of putative crusader ancestors on the ceiling .
Through his mother , Walpole claimed descent from Cadwallader of Wales .
The house became a museum to Walpole 's expanding collection of art and relics , such as Queen Bertha 's comb and the hair of Mary Tudor in a locket , though he was " outbid for ­Oliver Cromwell 's night cap " .
Snodin insists on Walpole 's originality as a collector .
He merged two pre-existing but distinct traditions – that of the virtuoso connoisseur seduced by art of all sorts , but also the antiquarian fascinated by historically significant objects ( such as the spur King William drove into the flank of his horse Sorrel at the Battle of the Boyne ) .
By 1797 , Walpole had amassed at least 4,000 objects , not including scores of prints , drawings and books .
The only things Walpole did n't collect were natural specimens and scientific instruments .
The diversity of Walpole 's museum is recreated in the V&A exhibition , from 16th - century miniatures and sumptuous Reynolds portraits to Cardinal Wolsey 's red hat .
Which are Snodin 's favourites ?
" For sheer glamour it has to be the gilded armour of Francis I , but one of the most curious objects is the black obsidian mirror used by the Elizabethan necromancer Dr John Dee to call up spirits , though Walpole did n't realise that it was originally used by the Aztecs in the human sacrificial rituals of their ' god of the smoking mirror ' .
We are still looking for some of Walpole 's most famous objects , such as the jewelled dagger of Henry VIII . "
Walpole wanted his objects to be ­admired .
He gave personal tours to posh visitors , but left his housekeeper to herd the hoi polloi , for a guinea a tour .
" ' Tis the most amusing house I was ever in , " remarked Lady Mary Coke , " so many pictures and things to help one to ideas when one wants a fresh collection ; entertainment without company . "
Walpole even produced a guidebook on his own printing press to initiate the cognoscenti , though inevitably he tired of traffic .
" I keep an inn , the sign the Gothic castle , " he moaned .
" Never build yourself a house between London and Hampton Court .
Everyone will live in it but you . "
He introduced an advance booking system : " Every ticket will admit the Company between the hours of 12 and 3 before dinner .
The house will never be shown after dinner nor at all but from the first of May to the first of ­October . "
And a final proviso : " They who have tickets are desired not to bring children . "
Walpole was aggrieved to discover that visitors love to touch .
" Two ­companies have been to see my house last week and one of the parties , as vulgar people always see with the ends of their fingers , had broken the end of my invaluable eagle 's bill , and to ­conceal their mischief , had pocketed the piece . "
At his death in 1797 , the house passed to his cousin 's unmarried daughter , Lady Anne Seymour Damer , a celebrated sculptor , and then to the Waldegraves , the family of his great niece .
In 1842 the contents were sold off in the auction of the century , most never again seen together until now .
( There was a small exhibition in 1980 with no international loans . )
Thanks to Walpole 's publicity , Strawberry Hill was perhaps the most famous house in Georgian England , and inevitably fuelled voguish medievalism .
But for Victorian purists such as Pugin , it was a sham .
For modernists , it was an architectural failure of ghastly influence .
BS Allen 's Tides in Taste ( 1937 ) concluded that " reluctantly but inevitably one is reminded of the flocks of flimsy , starved houses that have sprung up since the war " .
Wherever you stand on mock - Gothic , Strawberry Hill delivers un­rivalled access to both ideas and design .
It is an exceptionally rich document – so rarely do original house , perspective views , objects , commentary and letters all survive .
For the architectural historian Charles Saumarez Smith , the house is important " not just as an oddity , much visited and admired , but because it was a presage of the way interiors would be used in the future , as a conscious instrument of personal expression , exploiting history to evoke a particular mood : Strawberry Hill was to become a private castle , an escape from time , a place of retreat . "
Snodin agrees .
" Walpole 's cultural legacy was to pioneer a kind of imaginative self –expression in building , furnishing and collecting which still inspires us today .
I suppose one of the take - home messages of the exhibition is : why not try it yourself ? "
Horace Walpole 's Strawberry Hill is at the Victoria & Albert Museum , London SW7 ( 020 7942 2000 ) , from 6 March to 4 July .
www.vam.ac.uk
The S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price Indices for January 2010
were released today
. Highlights include :
1. Both the 10 - City Composite and the 20 - City Composite Home Price Indexes have increased for eight consecutive months for the first time since the spring of 2006 , almost four years ago , and both indexes in January reached their highest levels in 12 months , since January 2009 ( see top chart above ) .
2. Based on the percentage increase from the same month in the previous year , the annual rates of returns for both home price indexes improved in January for the 12 th consecutive month , and while still slightly negative ( - 0.04 % for the 10 - City Index and - 0.69 % for the 20 - City Index ) the annual returns are close to be being in positive territory for the first time in three years ( February 2007 ) .
3 . In three of the cities with the biggest annual January - to - January price declines in the Case - Shiller index like Las Vegas ( - 17.4 % ) , Miami ( - 6.77 % ) and Phoenix ( - 4.5 % ) , I have reported recently (
here
,
here
( for all of Florida ) and
here
Police are investigating a suspected suicide pact after three people apparently threw themselves from a high - rise block of flats in Glasgow .
The identities of the two men and a woman were still unconfirmed last night , but unofficial reports said that they were Kosovan nationals whose applications to stay in the UK had been rejected .
The bodies were found yesterday morning at the foot of a tower on the Red Road complex in the Springburn area of north - east Glasgow .
Several witness reports , later categorically denied by Strathclyde police , said at least two of the three were tied together when they fell .
The flats , many of which are unoccupied , were among the highest in Europe when they were built in the 1960s .
Elizabeth Neilson , 42 , who lives in the opposite block , said : " I opened my blinds and saw them lying there this morning at about 8.30 am .
I saw the concierge standing there and three bodies on the ground .
I phoned the concierge and he said he could n't say much , but that three people had thrown themselves off the verandah . "
Pieces of furniture were found scattered near the bodies and one theory is that the three might have used the materials to climb over a partition closing off a balcony .
Forensic tents were set up at the scene to cover the bodies , which were taken away in an ambulance shortly after 4 pm yesterday , as police continued to examine the scene and make inquiries to establish the identities of the dead .
Investigators said there did not appear to be any suspicious circumstances and also dismissed rumours the three had been pushed .
Willie Bain , Labour MP for Glasgow North East , said : " This is a devastating , terrible incident .
From what I 've been told it was three young people of Kosovan nationality who moved into the property around two months ago .
I have had no Kosovans contacting me with asylum concerns .
My understanding is that Kosovans ' asylum claims have been dealt with a long time ago . "
Bain said he was particularly shocked as he had attended a " productive " meeting at the Red Road flats on Saturday between asylum seekers and local residents .
All eight of the tower blocks , which are more than 30 storeys high , are due to be demolished in a phased programme to begin shortly .
The flat where the three were living , part of a block at 63 Petershill Drive , is currently let to YMCA Glasgow , which houses asylum seekers and refugees who are seeking leave to remain in the country , including people from Kosovo , the former Soviet Union , Iran , Iraq , other Asian nations and Africa .
Joe Connolly , chief executive of YMCA Glasgow , said : " This is a very , very tragic event .
It 's being investigated by the police and we will of course co-operate with them .
It 's devastating . "
A Home Office spokesman said officials were in contact with Strathclyde police , although it is the responsibility of local police to release details of the incident .
The Home Office is involved in all asylum claims in Scotland .
The 1960s Red Road complex is one of the city 's best known landmarks and featured heavily in the 2006 British film of the same name , directed by Andrea Arnold .
At the time of their construction , the 31 - storey blocks were the highest in Europe .
Glasgow Housing Association , which owns the flats , said : " We are very saddened to hear about the tragic incident .
The police and the emergency services are continuing their inquiries and we are helping in every way we can . "
A spokeswoman for Strathclyde police said : " Police are currently at the scene dealing with the incident .
Inquiries are ongoing to establish the identities of the three people involved and postmortem examinations will take place in due course to establish the exact cause of death .
" However , at this time there do not appear to be any suspicious circumstances . "
< Blighted estate : From dream homes to nightmare
Once heralded as the answer to Glasgow 's overcrowded tenements , the infamous Red Road flats are now widely regarded as a classic example of poor urban planning .
At the time of their construction in the early 60s , the eight soaring steel - framed blocks were among the highest buildings in Europe and were seen as a radical solution to the slum living of postwar Glasgow .
But the complex 's fortunes dived during the depression - hit 1970s as the blocks became a byword for crime , drugs and social isolation .
Young families complained that they had become stranded in the towers , two of which reached 31 storeys high .
In the 1980s , two of the worst blocks were handed to YMCA Glasgow as part of efforts to uplift the area and banish Red Road 's poor reputation .
A concierge was introduced to the remaining blocks and crime levels reduced dramatically .
The following decade brought a major demographic shift as the Government 's dispersal policy saw thousands of asylum seekers sent north of the border to relieve pressure on hard pressed councils in London and the south east .
YMCA Glasgow took on many of the new migrants , among them refugees from Kosovo , the Horn of Africa and Iraq .
Newcomers were initially met with hostility from some of the area 's residents but the problems have waned over the last few years .
The remainder of the blocks were later transferred to the Glasgow Housing Association .
The flats were immortalised by the award - winning 2006 film Red Road .
In 2007 , French tightrope walker Didier Pasquette crossed a 53 m wire strung between two of the blocks .
All eight blocks are set for demolition this spring – which will dramatically alter Glasgow 's skyline .
Aidan Jones
• This article was amended on 8 March 2010 .
Detail was included in the original article which did not comply with the Guardian 's guidelines on reporting suicide , in particular the need to bear in mind the risk of encouraging others .
This detail has been removed .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Severely obese teens who had surgery to limit what they could eat lost more weight and enjoyed more health benefits than those who did an intensive lifestyle program , researchers said on Tuesday .
Pedestrians wait to walk across a street near Times Square in New York August 28 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
They said 21 of 25 severely obese teens aged 14 to 18 who underwent a form of gastric banding lost more than half of their excess weight compared with just 3 out of 25 who did a diet , exercise and behavior modification program .
“ In this study , gastric banding proved to be an effective intervention leading to a substantial and durable reduction in obesity and to better health , ” Dr. Paul O’Brien of Monash University in Melbourne , Australia , and colleagues wrote in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
O’Brien and colleagues evaluated the effectiveness of Allergan Inc ’s Lap - Band gastric banding treatment .
The procedure involves wrapping an adjustable band around the top of the stomach , giving the patient the illusion of fullness with small meals .
Obesity , which affects nearly a third of U.S. children , has become a top White House priority with the announcement on Tuesday of President Barack Obama ’s plan to solve childhood obesity within a generation .
Many studies have looked at the safety and effectiveness of weight - loss surgery , or bariatric surgery , in obese adults , but there is less evidence of its safety and effectiveness in children and teens .
Gastric banding is a type of bariatric surgery .
The surgery is becoming increasingly popular as obese people struggle to lose weight and avoid the health complications that accompany the extra pounds -- such as diabetes , heart disease , joint pain and some cancers .
Teens in the O’Brien team ’s study had a body mass index of more than 35 and were assigned to either get the surgery or do a weight loss program .
The team followed their progress for two years .
BMI is equal to weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared .
A person 5 feet 5 inches tall with a BMI of 40 would weigh more than 240 pounds ( 109 kg ) .
After two years , those in the gastric banding group had lost an average of 28.3 percent of total body weight and 78.8 percent excess weight .
Those in the lifestyle group lost an average 3.1 percent of their total weight and 13.2 percent of their excess weight .
Surgery also helped eliminate metabolic syndrome , a group of related disorders such as obesity , high cholesterol , high blood pressure and abnormal blood glucose .
At the start of the study , 36 percent of those in the gastric banding group and 40 percent in the lifestyle group had metabolic syndrome .
After two years , none of the gastric banding patients had metabolic syndrome compared with 22 percent of those in the lifestyle group .
Dr. Edward Livingston of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas and a contributing editor to the journal , said the results offer more concrete evidence on the use of bariatric surgery as a treatment for obesity in young people .
“ The quality of evidence in support of bariatric surgery is poor , resulting in substantial controversy regarding its use for obesity treatment , ” Livingston wrote in a commentary .
“ Many insurance companies in the United States will not pay for bariatric surgeries , and their decision to not cover this treatment is based on the lack of compelling , universally accepted evidence in its favor , ” he wrote .
Israel sees no distinction between East and West Jerusalem An Israeli planning committee has pushed forward plans for 600 new homes in Israeli - occupied East Jerusalem .
The move comes as the Palestinians are refusing to restart peace talks unless Israel stops all building in the area , where they want their future capital .
The plan will expand the Pisgat Zeev settlement in the city 's north - east .
The international community considers East Jerusalem occupied territory .
Building on occupied land is illegal under international law .
Palestinians regard Pisgat Zeev and neighbourhoods like it as settlements , and accuse Israel of using them to increase the Jewish presence in the mainly Arab east of the city .
But Israelis see them simply as suburbs of Jerusalem .
On Friday it emerged that an Israeli regional planning committee had voted last month to push the scheme forward .
It approved the plan for publication , after which the public can raise objections during a designated period .
Actual building work would be unlikely to begin for at least one or two years .
The record of the committee 's meeting said the project had been reduced from 1,100 housing units to 600 , because of land ownership issues .
' Another violation '
The Palestinians have demanded that Israel halt all settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem before they will rejoin peace talks with Israel .
More homes planned in E Jerusalem Obama warns Israel on settlements Obstacles to peace : Jerusalem Israel has announced a 10 - month period of restrictions on building in the West Bank , but not East Jerusalem .
Palestinian official Ghassan al - Khatib denounced the decision as " another Israeli violation of international law " , according to Reuters news agency .
Hagit Ofran of the Israeli rights group Peace Now said the Israeli government was continuing to promote building plans in East Jerusalem " in order to torpedo the two - state solution " .
Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said the government made a distinction between the West Bank and Jerusalem .
" In the West Bank , we 've agreed to unprecedented restrictions on growth but Jerusalem is different , it 's our capital , " he said .
Israel captured the east of the city during the 1967 Arab - Israeli war , during which it occupied the West Bank .
It later annexed East Jerusalem , in a move not recognised by the international community .
The US and United Nations both warned that a similar decision last year , to push forward the building of 900 homes in Gilo to the south of Jerusalem , would hamper peace efforts .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said at the time the US was " dismayed " by the move .
The Jerusalem municipality could not be reached for comment .
But last year , after the similar approval for building at Gilo , it said that both Jews and Arabs would be able to buy the new properties .
Nearly 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built on occupied territory in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Untangling Evented Code with Ruby Fibers
Event - driven programming requires a mind - shift in how you architect the program , and oftentimes directly affects the choice of language , drivers , and even frameworks you can use .
Most commonly found in highly interactive applications ( GUI , network servers , etc ) , it usually implements the reactor pattern to handle concurrency in favor of threads : the “ reactor ” is a main loop which is responsible for receiving all inbound events ( network IO , filesystem , IPC , etc ) and demultiplexing them to appropriate handlers or callbacks .
Turns out , the reactor pattern performs extremely well under heavy loads ( C10 K challenge ) , hence the continuous rise in adoption ( Nginx , Beanstalkd , EventMachine , Twisted , Node.js ) , but it does have its downsides : it requires reactor - aware libraries , still relies on background processing capabilities for long running computations , and last but not least , once you have nested several callbacks , it results in much more complicated code .
Functional purists will disagree with the last statement – after all , we all love JavaScript , and node.js is the new hot thing on the block – but what if we could write event driven code without the added complexity imposed by hundreds of nested callbacks ?
Accidental Complexity of Event - Driven Code
Anyone who has written a non-trivial event driven application will be familiar with the following pattern : you often start reading your code bottom - up and then navigate your way up the callback chain .
In addition , since there is no single execution context , each callback requires its own nested exception handling , which adds to the complexity - debugging is non-trivial , to say the least .
Of course , this is usually not too bad in a context of a simple demo , but it also quickly spirals out of control .
EventMachine .
run { page = EventMachine :: HttpRequest . new ( ' http://google.ca/' ) . get page .
errback { p " Google is down ! terminate ? " } page .
callback { about = EventMachine :: HttpRequest . new ( ' http://google.ca/search?q=eventmachine' ) . get about .
callback { # callback nesting , ad infinitum } about .
errback { # error - handling code } } }
Call me old - fashioned , but I much prefer the if - then - else control flow , with top - down execution and code I can actually read without callback gymnastics .
And as luck would have it , turns out these are not inconsistent requirements in Ruby 1.9 .
With the introduction of Fibers , our applications can do fully - cooperative scheduling ( worth a re-read to make sense of the rest ) , which with a little extra work also means that we can abstract much of the complexity of event driven programming while maintaining all of its benefits !
Fibers & EventMachine : under the hood
Ruby 1.9
Fibers are a means of creating code blocks which can be paused and resumed by our application ( think lightweight threads , minus the thread scheduler and less overhead ) .
Each fiber comes with a small 4 KB stack , which makes them cheap to spin up , pause and resume .
Best of all , a fiber can yield the control and wait until someone else resumes it .
I bet you see where we ’re going : start an async operation , yield the fiber , and then make the callback resume the fiber once the operation is complete .
Let ’s wrap our async em - http client as an example :
def http_get ( url ) f = Fiber .
current http = EventMachine :: HttpRequest . new ( url ) .
get # resume fiber once http call is done http .
callback { f . resume ( http ) } http .
errback { f . resume ( http ) } return Fiber .
yield end EventMachine .
run do Fiber .
new { page = http_get ( ' http://www.google.com/' ) puts " Fetched page : #{ page .
response_header .
status } " if page page = http_get ( ' http://www.google.com/search?q=eventmachine' ) puts " Fetched page 2 : #{ page .
response_header .
status } " end } . resume end
First thing to notice is that we are now executing our asynchronous code within a fiber ( Fiber.new{}.resume ) , and our http_get method sets up the call , assigns the callbacks and then immediately yields control as it tries to return from the function .
From there , EventMachine takes over , fetches the data in the background , and then calls the callback method , which in turn resumes our fiber , passing it the actual response .
A little bit of fiber gymnastics , but it means that our original code with nested callbacks can now be unwound into a regular top - down execution context with if - then - else control flow .
Not bad !
EM - Synchrony : Evented Code With Less Pain
Of course , we would n’t gain much if the net effect of introducing fibers into our event driven code was swapping callbacks for fiber gymnastics .
Thankfully , we can do better because much of the underlying implementation can be easily abstracted at the level of the driver .
Let ’s take a look at our new helper library , em-synchrony :
EventMachine .
synchrony do page = EventMachine :: HttpRequest . new ( " http://www.google.com " ) . get p
" No callbacks !
Fetched page : #{ page } " EventMachine .
stop end
Instead of invoking the default EM.run block , we call EM. synchrony , which in turn wraps our execution into a Ruby fiber behind the scenes .
From there , the library also provides ready - made , fiber aware classes for some of the most common use cases ( http : em - http - request , mysql : em-mysqlplus , and memcached : remcached ) , as well as , a fiber aware connection pool , iterator for concurrency control , and a multi-request interface .
Let ’s take a look at an example which flexes all of the above :
EM . synchrony do # open 4 concurrent MySQL connections db = EventMachine :: Synchrony :: ConnectionPool . new ( size : 4 ) do EventMachine :: MySQL . new ( host : " localhost " ) end # perform 4 http requests in parallel , and collect responses multi = EventMachine :: Synchrony :: Multi . new multi .
add : page1 , EventMachine :: HttpRequest . new ( " http://service.com/page1 " ) . aget multi .
add : page2 , EventMachine :: HttpRequest . new ( " http://service.com/page2 " ) . aget multi .
add : page3 , EventMachine :: HttpRequest . new ( " http://service.com/page3 " ) . aget multi .
add : page4 , EventMachine :: HttpRequest . new ( " http://service.com/page4 " ) . aget data = multi .
perform .
responses [ : callback ]. values # insert fetched HTTP data into a mysql database , using at most 2 connections at a time # - note that we 're writing async code within the iterator !
EM :: Synchrony :: Iterator . new ( data , 2 ) . each do | page , iter | db .
aquery ( " INSERT INTO table ( data ) VALUES ( #{ page } ) ; " ) db .
callback { iter .
return ( db ) } end puts " All done !
Stopping event loop . "
EventMachine .
stop end
Synchrony implements a common pattern : original asynchronous methods which return a deferrable object are aliased with “ a ” prefix ( . get becomes .aget , .query becomes .aquery ) to indicate that they are asynchronous , and the fiber aware methods take their place as the defaults .
This way , you can still mix sync and async code all in the same context ( within an iterator , for example ) .
For more examples of em-synchrony in action , take a look at the specs provided within the library itself .
Towards Scalable & Manageable Event - Driven Code
Event driven programming does not have to be complicated .
With a little help from Ruby 1.9 much of the complexity is easily abstracted , which means that we can have all the benefits of event - driven IO , without any of the overhead of a thread scheduler or complicated code .
Node.js , Twisted , and other reactor frameworks have a lot going for them , but the combination of EventMachine and Ruby 1.9 , to me , is a clear winner .
We should also mention that fibers have been ported to Ruby 1.8 , but due to their implementation on top of green threads they incur much larger overhead - in other words , this is your reason to switch to Ruby 1.9 !
And last but not least , fibers or not , do n’t forget that Ruby 1.9 still has a GIL which means that only one CPU core will be used .
Until we see MVM ( multi - VM ) support , the solution is simply to run multiple reactors ( one or more for each core ) .
Je wil zeker zijn van een aantal dingen voor je een lening aan gaat .
Wij hebben hieronder zes tips samengesteld die je in ...
Rob Pardo on Blizzard 's Success and Failures
The talk was obviously geared toward game developers , but I found it incredibly interesting to hear a Blizzard executive 's opinion on which systems and game features were successes or failures .
Additionally , past failures helped the company make improvements in a later game .
Up first , Rob discussed Diablo II 's economy , which he labeled as a failure .
Gold became useless to the player because they would accumulate more than they could use .
Players evaded the death penalty of losing half of his or her gold with a workaround and thus , the end - game economy revolved around bartering high - end items .
Learning from this , Rob labeled World of Warcraft 's economy as a success .
In it , gold has value and was carefully designed by the developers .
The cost to repair items is used as a " tax " on players .
Higher quality items incur larger taxes to repair .
Additionally , there are always extras ( like " exotic mounts " ) to spend gold on .
Finally , the Auction House system continually removes gold from the economy while facilitating player trading .
When speaking about creating depth before accessibility , Rob discussed the idea of hero units in Blizzard 's RTS games , labeling the implementation in StarCraft as a failure .
In SC , heroes were supposed to be awesome units that lead their massive armies into battle .
In reality , hero units were weak and ultimately useless in battles of over 50 units .
If the hero died , the mission would be lost .
Players would hide their heroes in a base and use other units to win the mission .
Taking the lessons learned here , Warcraft III made several changes .
Army sizes were reduced to make the hero more meaningful and the hero was always the most powerful soldier on the field .
Finally , if a hero died , it could be resurrected at an altar for some gold .
In StarCraft II , Blizzard is n't adding hero units , but will play around with expensive elite units that are lost once they die .
In talking about " concentrated coolness " and the fact that more is n't always better , Pardo discussed World of Warcraft 's vehicle system as a failure .
The technology to ride vehicles in WoW was built well before its debut in the expansion packs , but the designers went a bit crazy with the tech .
Soon , designers had crafted over 100 quests and dungeons that used vehicles , which did n't use any of the abilities of a player 's class .
It was scrapped and eventually reintroduced in a much more limited fashion in the expansions .
A potential success for " concentrated coolness " comes from StarCraft II and its unit selection .
Instead of just bringing every unit back from the original and adding more , the team was forced with a tough decision .
If the designers wanted to create a new unit they had to remove an old unit from the game .
Using this method , the unit count was kept low enough so that the overall complexity level did not grow too high .
In storytelling , Diablo II quests and the World of Warcraft quest " The Green Hills of Stranglethorn " were failures .
In Diablo II , quest NPC 's would speak for around 2 minutes giving backstory and details about a quest that just ended up sending the player off to kill a demon .
Everybody skipped them .
In the WoW quest , players were meant to slowly collect quest items that would drop randomly off of any enemy in a particular zone , but it was too slow .
Players just bought the missing items from the auction house .
For success , Pardo identified the " Culling of Stratholme " from Warcraft III and the Death Knight starting area from World of Warcraft 's Wrath of the Lich King expansion .
Both presented the player with story content during gameplay instead of frontloading the content with tedious briefings .
The Death Knight area also served as a playable tutorial for the new class that was introduced in the second WoW expansion .
When game developers have the luxury of time to look back on past mistakes and learn from them , gamers end up with incredibly polished games .
Very few studios besides Blizzard have this kind of time , but we will hopefully get more frequent releases out of them with StarCraft II set for a mid-year release and the next WoW expansion , Cataclysm , following later in the year .
Presumably , Diablo III will follow in 2011 , but this is Blizzard we 're talking about - - it 'll be out " when it 's done " and not a moment before .
At [ work ] [ lincoln - loop ] we ’ve decided to use [ Hudson ] [ hudson ] for our continuous integration server .
I started off using [ Joe Heck ’s great Python and Hudson writeup ] [ python - hudson ] as a guide .
But to get really good reporting , including a coverage report , you ’re going to want to use [ Nose ] [ nose ] , [ django - nose ] [ django - nose ] , and my [ nose - xcover ] [ nose - xcover ] plugin .
Before you get [ Hudson ] [ hudson ] up and running , you ’ll first want to create a test settings module for your application .
Here ’s a sample :
With that in place you ’ll want to set up a separate test requirements file for [ pip ] [ pip ] .
If you ’re not using [ pip ] [ pip ] , I ca n’t be held responsible if the [ central committee ] [ pip - propaganda ] gets ahold of you .
Why use [ my fork of nose ] [ heisel - nose ] ?
We ’ll get to that in a second .
First let ’s set up our build script .
1 . We change into Hudson workspace set up for this build
2 . Set up a [ virtualenv ] [ virtualenv ] for our project
3. Activate it
4. Install our application ’s requirements
5 . Install our application ’s test requirements
6 . Assuming you have a properly constructed setup.py , this command will symlink it into your virtualenv ’s site packages
7 . Finally run our tests , using our test settings .
The –with - coverage option tells nose we want to capture coverage information .
The –cover - package option tells nose we only want reporting on our application .
The – with - xunit option will generte a nosetests.xml file in our workspace with the results of the test run .
Finally , the – with - cover - xml option is an option I added to nose ’s coverage plugin , and the reason why I ’ve got [ my fork ] [ heisel - nose ] listed in our test - requirements .
pip .
Finally , the – with - xcoverage option activates my [ nose - xcover ] [ nose - xcover ] plugin .
It outputs an XML coverage report that Hudson can use , and it ’ll honor the –cover - package option you specified earlier , so your coverage percentage wo n’t be artificially lowered , or inflated , by third - party code you use .
Now let ’s configure Hudson to use the two XML reports we ’re generating .
First the test pass / fail report .
And then our coverage report , you ’ll need the [ Cobertura plugin ] [ cobertura ] for this :
That ’s right , you ’ll also want the [ Chuck Norris plugin ] [ chuck ] .
Why ?
Because Chuck Norris ** can ** divide by zero .
That ’s why .
Also , I ’d highly recommend the [ Green balls ] [ green ] plugin , because Hudson ’s default of blue == pass just does n’t fly with me , or Chuck .
While we ’ve been setting up Hudson , I had another build in the oven baking using the recipe above .
Let ’s see how it turned out :
** Editor ’s note : ** I updated this post to use my [ nose - xcover ] [ nose - xcover ] plugin and not my [ fork of nose ] [ heisel - nose ] .
[ lincoln - loop ] : http://lincolnloop.com
[ hudson ] : http://hudson-ci.org/
[ python - hudson ] : http://www.rhonabwy.com/wp/2009/11/04/setting-up-a-python-ci-server-with-hudson/
[ nose ] : http://somethingaboutorange.com/mrl/projects/nose/
[ django - nose ] : http://github.com/jbalogh/django-nose
[ pip ] : http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pip
[ pip - propaganda ] : http://s3.pixane.com/python_comrades.png
[ virtualenv ] : http://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv
[ heisel - nose ] : http://bitbucket.org/cmheisel/nose/src/
[ cobertura ] : http://wiki.hudson-ci.org/display/HUDSON/Cobertura+Plugin
[ chuck ] : http://wiki.hudson-ci.org/display/HUDSON/ChuckNorris+Plugin
[ green ] : http://wiki.hudson-ci.org/display/HUDSON/Green+Balls
[ nose - xcover ] : http://github.com/cmheisel/nose-xcover/
MediaPost claims that Apple is poised to announce its " next big thing " on April 7th .
The new product is reportedly called " iAd " and represents a " personalized , mobile advertising system " .
The iAd system is believed to have been built on top of Quattro , a mobile ad firm that Apple acquired in January for $ 275 million .
Few details are known but given Apple 's recent success , many will be interested to see their next move :
" Everyone will be following this very closely , " says Josh Lovison , the mobile lead at Interpublic 's Emerging Media Lab , adding : " Given the way that Apple is able to package things up , with very slick presentations , it will be interesting to see what they do with that advertising . "
The move would put them squarely up against Google which was largely built on advertising revenue and has had their own plans to move into the mobile space .
In fact , Google 's acquisition of Admob has been described as a defensive move to keep the company out of Apple 's hands .
Kampung Guji Baru is just one of the many shanty settlements in the megacity of Jakarta , where an estimated 3 million poor people try to survive .
Now its residents face forced eviction after greedy developers , corrupt government officials and the " land mafia " conspired to get the courts to do their bidding through fraudulent claims and documents .
The developers want to build multistorey luxury apartments and more shopping malls for the rich .
The residents and the Poor People 's Union ( Serikat Rakyat Miskin Indonesia , SRMI ) are resisting and they ask for your solidarity .
[ See also Indonesia : People 's Democratic Party relaunched as `open , mass - based cadre party ' . ]
By Peter Boyle
March 17 , 2010 -- The Indonesian government headed by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono ( commonly referred to as “ SBY ” ) claims that it has managed to reduce poverty in Indonesia from 17.7 % in 2006 to 14.2 % in 2009 .
Even if those statistics are accurate , which is disputed , it still amounts to 33 million people living officially in poverty !
But World Bank researchers estimate that 60 % of Indonesians ( 138 million ) struggle to live on less than US $ 2 a day ( a common international standard for poverty ) .
Marlo Sitompul , national chairperson of the Poor People 's Union of Indonesia ( Serikat Rakyat Miskin Indonesia , SRMI ) , believes that the government 's claims about poverty reduction are about as credible as its claims to have reduced corruption .
( One would n't know it from the fawning mass media coverage of SBY 's recent official visit to Australia , but there have been daily protests outside his presidential palace for months about his government 's proved corruption . )
SRMI leader Marlo Sitompul leads a March 9 protest demanding the resignation of Jakarta 's governor .
Photo by Agus Jablay / SRMI
“ Just in Jakarta city there are at least 3 million people living in poverty , but the official figure is only 1.5 million .
And how do they define poverty ?
For us there are five criteria :
If you cannot eat healthily , and if you cannot get adequate clothing , housing , healthcare and education , at least up to secondary school , then you are poor . ”
In December 2008 , Indonesia 's minster of defence admitted that access to basic human needs , such as clean water , primary healthcare , adequate housing and affordable electricity is still restricted to just 10 % of the population .
The government boasts that the Indonesian economy continued to grow even while much of world went into recession following the global financial crisis .
But in the same period factories have continued to close , official unemployment ranged between 8.5 % and 10 % ( add another 30 % for underemployment ) and now an incredible 72 % of the workforce has been forced into the “ informal sector ” .
The SBY goverment 's " Poverty Eradication Program " does not tackle poverty but instead involves regular slum evictions and the dispersal of street hawkers .
The police weigh in with batons , arresting people and smashing or confiscating hawkers ' carts and cooking implements .
One immediate issue sparking a campaign of escalating protests this year has been the demand for the resignation of the governor of Jakarta for corruption , and for causing the deaths of several street children as a result of aggressive hawker dispersal police sweeps .
One young lad recently drowned in a pond after he fell in while fleeing police carrying out such a sweep .
This is the meaning of neoliberalism for Indonesia 's impoverished majority .
Kampung Guji Baru
Recently I met up with Sitompul and other activists from SRMI in the slum settlement of Kampung Guji Baru , in West Jakarta .
The clearing in which we met was significant .
It was the rubble - strewn site of a shanty home that had been destroyed in the midst of a prolonged and ongoing attempt by “ land mafia ” to clear this three - hectare former swamp which now is home to about 3000 poor people .
Gangsters have been sent to try and burn out the residents on several occasions but have been beaten back by the well - organised and militant residents .
Kampung Guji Baru is a strong base not only of the SRMI but also of the People 's Democratic Party ( PRD ) , the radical party born in the reformasi movement that toppled the Suharto dictatorship .
The PRD flag flutters above this settlement , which abuts a fetid and poisonous canal .
One resident , who declined to be photographed , sported a missing thumb -- lost in the street battles in the late 1990s when a molotov cocktail exploded too early !
Developers want to build multistorey towers on this land to house yet more giant shopping malls and apartments to cater for the wealthier minority in this megacity .
But now the land mafia is resorting to “ legal ” methods .
Using falsified documents signed by former residents who are now dead and and other concocted “ evidence ” , they managed to get the courts to issue an eviction order last year .
But the residents are not budging .
“ I live here , I grew up here and I have a young family here ” , Obbie Maulana , a young SRMI activist said proudly .
His partner has a wooden cart from which she sells little burgers in the narrow lanes of the shanty town .
It 's exotic ( but cheap ) food there .
“ Some people have lived here for more than 30 years .
We will fight very fiercely to defend our homes . ”
Sitompul also comes from a poor family .
His father had died in 1998 and his mother worked as a traditional masseur ( tukang urut , a job commonly done by poor women ) and a later as a travelling clothes seller ( tukang baju keliling ) .
These travelling clothes sellers eke out a precarious existence .
Typically , having no capital , they have to borrow money for the clothes in each transaction they make .
Fighting the system
Born in 1983 , Sitompul only had a few years in primary school before he went out to help the family survive .
He worked from childhood as a parking boy and as a street busker .
This was what he was doing when in 1998 when he was swept up in the reformasi movement against the Suharto dictatorship .
“ I jumped into the movement and , in the movement , I obtained my political education . ”
Sitompul began to gain an understanding that " poverty is a result not just of individual situations but a result of the system ” .
“ I realised we have to fight the system if we really want to end poverty .
And we also have to fight the state that upholds this system .
And if I wanted to make a real contribution to the struggle to fight that system I would have to make a serious commitment . ”
Sitompul broadened his movement experience from working with the organisation of street buskers to advocating for emergency aid to the poor who became victims in the terrible floods in 2002 .
He also defended the urban poor victims of deliberate burnings of homes by gangsters of the “ land mafia ” and fought for poor people 's access to hospital care .
Looking around the circle of activists in the small clearing in Kampung Guji Baru , Sitompul introduced the other local activists .
Among them is Ibu Halimah , who organises the women 's group and is head of a local SRMI chapter in Kampung Kebon Jeruk .
There was Iswadi Hitam Manis , the head of SRMI in Jakarta who is also a resident of Kampung Guji Baru ( later , while taking me on a walk through the settlement , he proudly picks up his daughter and lifts her onto his shoulder ) .
And there was Pak Harto , a leader of the Residents ' Communication Forum of Guji Baru .
Younger activists and local residents , Rudi Sabrawi and Agus Jablay , were also present .
All are playing important roles in the struggle against the eviction order .
There 's a very rich history of struggle in this movement of the poor .
The SRMI worked hard to help thousands of poor people to keep their homes , get access to hospitals and to emergency aid when their shanty towns were hit by floods and other disasters and SRMI has won massive respect in the process .
But it has also carried out political education and mobilised the urban poor bases in all the major mass struggles around national issues .
Look at any progressive mass demonstration and the urban poor masses make up the majority .
They are the backbone of what 's called the “ parliament of the streets ” .
SRMI and the PRD
The SRMI now organises 30,000 members across 17 provinces around the country .
Even the official poverty figures are more than double those of Jakarta out in the more remote provinces .
The SRMI now is the largest section of the mass base of the PRD .
PRD leaders estimate that a further base of 20,000 is organised through peasant groups affiliated to the National Peasants Union ( STN ) .
SRMI leaders who are cadre in the PRD strongly support the party 's recent decision to relaunch itself as an open party .
“ I see the congress as a good consolidation step , one based on an assessment of the practices of the politics and ideology of our movement over the last five years ” , Sitompul told Green Left Weekly / Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal .
“ But for me , the most important thing is that the PRD was brave enough to become an open party with a political perspective which sees winning votes in elections , building anti-neoliberal coalitions and building the PRD as an alternative party as important .
“ The democratic environment in Indonesia – even though it is still hijacked by the elites – actually provides an opportunity for the movement to build in the open .
Yes , we realise that building alternative political parties is not easy as only it is in only a few parts of the country democratic values are upheld .
“ Participating in elections is not just about winning political positions but more importantly about how these positions can be sustained by our efforts to build a alternative party and help build that alternative .
Therefore our plans to win elections have to be in line with out work to build the influence and structures of the PRD .
Overcoming obstacles
“ In Indonesia there are still obstacles to the political ideology with which we can build an alternative party ” , Sitompul added referring to the violent attacks on meetings , conferences and offices of the electoral front , the National Liberation Party of Unity ( Papernas ) that the PRD had tried to build from 2006 - 2008 .
Sitompul believe that coalition tactics are important , particularly in the electoral sphere .
“ True , the poor should have their own party and their own ideology .
By owning their ideology and party they can break from the shackles of oppression by the elites .
But a struggle based only on sectoral interests cannot lead to victory for the struggle to liberate the poor ' ' , he explained .
“ Currently , it is difficult for us to get even a small win in elections using our own party .
That is the hard reality .
Therefore , in the PRD congress we had to develop a strategy for a broader struggle to build a real party of the poor and to prepare to win the many political and ideological struggles that are still ahead of us in this struggle .
“ We have to work even harder to ensure that the PRD can have a great deal of influence among the poor – ideologically , politically and organisationally ” , he added .
“ PRD cadres have to believe and work hard to fight for influence over the people , before the the people can won over to the idea that we have a party that can truly fight for the liberation of the poor and for socialism . ”
Struggle to defend bases
“ If we and the residents fail to defend the right of the people of Kampung Guji Baru to have the land to live on ” , explained Sitompul , “ this would clearly present a serious threat to the expansion of the base of the PRD and the broader people 's movement .
“ The systematic eviction of poor settlements is not merely a result of government negligence and oppression of the poor , but it also expresses the ruling elite 's need to block the expansion of popular movements like SRMI - PRD . ”
“ As SRMI activists and cadres of the PRD we are consolidating our close ties with the residents of Kampung Guji Baru ” , Sitompul told Green Left Weekly / Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal .
“ The officials in the local government bodies Rukun Tetangga ( RT ) and Rukun Warga ( RW ) who we believe to have participated in this evil eviction plot have been exposed before the residents of Guji Baru .
We have also launched actions at the offices of the village chief and the mayor and we have we also have developed a plan of struggle .
“ We and the Guji Baru people are determined to fight to the finish .
With them we are running a big campaign in Jakarta around a motion of no confidence in Governor Fauzo Bowo and President SBY because they refuse to seriously listen to our protest .
“ Thousands of poor people have signed a mass protest letter to the governor and the president [ see below ] .
Also mass actions have been held at the governor 's office and the presidential palace .
So campaigns against the governor and the president have become part of the struggle to defend Kampung Guji Baru .
Other mass organisations and political parties are being asked to join in solidarity with this campaign .
We also ask for solidarity from our friends in other countries .
For a start , they can send a protest letter to the Indonesian government against the planned eviction of Kampung Guji Baru . ”
* * *
Petition
To : Mayor and Government of West Jakarta DKI Jakarta
Guji Kampung Baru residents have already moved their settlement location since the 1970s .
Previously , this location is a swamp and no man 's land , but then started to change into people 's housing .
Since the 1980s , the number of people who live in this place has been increasing .
Along with the rapid development around this location , starting from the campus , shops , malls , etc. , some parties are planning to turn this village into a business facility .
And , in the year 2009 , the mayor has issued a decree for the forced demolition of our homes in Guji Baru .
Justice has been trampled upon , and the truth has been manipulated by the owners of the power and money in their interests .
To that end , the Residents ' Communication Forum of Guji Baru invites you all to sign this petition as a form of protest against greed .
Our demands are :
1. Reject unilateral eviction .
2. Eradication of land mafia .
3 . Give the residents land certificates .
Letters of solidarity and protest can be sent to :
Email : dpn_srmi@yahoo.com
Fax / telephone : +62 21 568 7402
[ Peter Boyle is national convenor of the Socialist Alliance of Australia and attended the PRD 's national congress as an observer . ]
Map of Yemen .
Click to view .
The Yemeni military claims to have killed two al Qaeda commanders during an airstrike in the South .
Yemeni strike aircraft targeted an al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula camp in the Qashabir region in the southern province of Abyan .
The Yemeni Defense Ministry claimed two al Qaeda commanders plotting to carry out attacks “ against vital installations ” inside Yemen were killed in the strike .
Jamil Nasser Abdullah al Ambari , an al Qaeda leader on southern Abyan , was one of the two commanders killed , according to AFP .
A Yemeni anti-terror team has been sent to the attack site to retrieve DNA and confirm the kills , Xinhua reported .
The US is known to have special operations forces and intelligence assets on the ground in Yemen to aid in the fight against the terror group .
Abyan province is a known al Qaeda haven .
The terror group opened a large training camp in Abyan late last year , which reportedly housed more than 400 al Qaeda fighters from the Middle East [ see LWJ report , “ Al Qaeda opens new training camp in Yemen “ ] .
Many of the fighters were Yemenis , Saudis , and Somalis .
In the past , the Yemeni government has erroneously claimed to have killed various top commanders of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , including Nasir al Wuhayshi , the group ’s leader ; Qasim al Raymi , the overall military commander ; and Ayed al Shabwani , the leader in Marib province .
The government has also mistakenly claimed to have captured Said Ali al Shihri , the deputy leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .
Over the weekend , Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula did admit that a top financier and military commander was killed by Yemeni security forces .
Ibrahim Saleh Mujahid al Khalifa , a Saudi national who is also known as Abi Jandal al Qisaimy , was killed while leading a attack on a Yemeni checkpoint in the South .
“ Al Qisaimy was responsible for collecting and raising money from inside Saudi Arabia and transferring them into al Qaeda wing in Yemen , ” according to a statement released on the Internet by the Al Malahim Media Foundation , the media arm of the terror group .
“ Al Qisaimy was also the coordinator behind smuggling groups of wanted Saudi militants to Yemen through the Saudi - Yemeni joint border . ”
In mid-December 2009 , Yemen began to exert pressure on Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula after the US and Britain began voicing concerns over the terror group ’s ability to sponsor attacks in Saudi Arabia and the West .
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been establishing training camps , and it has supported Al Shabaab , al Qaeda ’s affiliate in Somalia .
Two recent attacks on the US – the Christmas Eve airliner plot , and the shooting spree at Fort Hood , Texas – have been traced back to Yemen .
Authorities now believe more plots are being hatched in Yemen .
Wuhayshi , the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , is a top al Qaeda commander and a rising star in the organization .
He is a chief target of the airstrikes .
Wuhayshi served as Osama bin Laden ’s aide - de-camp and was one of 23 al Qaeda operatives to escape from a Yemeni jail in 2006 .
He is considered to be a prime contender to take command of the global terror network if al Qaeda ’s central leadership based in Pakistan is decapitated in Pakistan , a senior US military intelligence official who closely tracks al Qaeda ’s network told The Long War Journal .
Since mid-December 2009 , there have been five airstrikes against Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leaders .
The Yemeni government claims it is carrying out the attacks , but the US is known to have conducted the first strike , on Dec. 17 .
US officials claim the US is only providing intelligence and military support for the strikes .
Airstrikes in Yemen targeting Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula
• Yemeni airstrike hits al Qaeda camp
Mar. 14 , 2010
• Airstrikes target home of Yemeni al Qaeda leader
Jan. 20 , 2010
• Al Qaeda ’s military commander in Yemen reported killed
Jan. 15 , 2010
• Yemeni airstrike targets top al Qaeda leaders
Dec. 24 , 2009
• US launches cruise missile strikes against al Qaeda in Yemen
Dec. 17 , 2009
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
It feels solidly - built -- probably a notch better than the CLIQ .
There 's no wiggle or weirdness in the hinge whatsoever .
Of course , we know from personal experience that " feels solidly - built " does n't necessarily mean it is solidly - built , so the jury 's still out on how it 'll hold up with regular use , especially with the keyboard exposed full - time .
Opening and closing the phone is n't a natural one - handed operation , unless you 're comfortable putting it at extreme risk of an unfortunate tumble .
It 's laggy right out of the box , which does n't bode well for usability once you load it up with your own apps .
Of course , it uses exactly the same processor as the CLIQ , so that does n't come as a surprise .
It 's filled to the brim with pre-loaded AT&T stuff : AllSport GPS , AT&T Maps , AT&T Music ( which takes the place of the standard Music app ) , AT&T Navigator , AT&T Wi-Fi Hotspots , Mobile Banking , MobiTV , MusicID , Where , and YPmobile .
We strongly prefer the approach of offering a special branded Android Market portal where you can download your carrier 's recommended apps .
Blur looks and feels the same as it does on the CLIQ , though the main Blur widgets -- Social Status , Messages , and Happenings -- have been moved one home screen left of the main one ( we prefer this configuration anyhow ) .
Yahoo has replaced Google as the default search provider throughout the phone .
It 's crazy : the home screen widget , the browser , everything 's been programmed to use Yahoo .
We love us some irony , but golly , we 'd prefer Google searches most of the time .
We 've just taken delivery of an AT&T - branded Motorola Backflip -- the carrier 's very first Android device -- and we wanted to share with you our magical first moments putting the phone through its paces .
Here 's a quick rundown of our first impressions :
It spontaneously rebooted for us once in about an hour of use -- a concerning sign , particularly considering Motorola 's inability to pump out a solid firmware for the CLIQ -- but we 'll need a little more time with it .
Want more right now ?
Follow the break for some more impressions , video , and a sample shot from the camera .
By Guest Blogger Jason L. Dawson
Players are clever .
They scheme , plan , plot and connive their way into and out of the most difficult situations we as the DM can create .
This is especially true if you have players in your game who are tactically minded .
I have the singular joy ( and curse , at times ) of playing D&D 4E with a group of real - life combat veterans .
Some might call it metagaming , but in the encounters I run for them it just ends up being a simple fact : my players are incredibly tactically minded , and that translates especially well into a game like 4E .
Because my players synergize and work as a well - oiled unit without even really thinking about it , I have had to “ up my game ” in order to keep the game challenging for them .
Thus , I have developed a few tricks that I use to keep them on their toes .
A recent series of encounters I ran demonstrates several of these minion tricks , so I will use them as examples .
Keep Them Guessing–Sometimes
Anybody who has run or played in more than a couple games of 4E knows that it ’s pretty easy to recognize a minion unless the GM puts a great deal of effort into hiding them or disguising them as standard monsters .
Once in a while it can be a good thing to put a bunch of visually identical ( but statistically different ) monsters on the board , and let the PCs figure out which is which by trial and error .
However , this is a tactic that should be used with great caution .
Most players who decide to use an encounter or daily power and find out they used it on a minion wo n’t be pleased .
In an encounter designed around a theme of trickery or misdirection this can be a good thing , but more than once in a very great while will do nothing more than make your players resent you , and rightly so .
The bad guys hoodwinking the characters is one thing — the GM hoodwinking the players is something else entirely .
Use this tactic wisely .
Instead of deliberately misleading your players , use the tools in the Dungeon Master ’s Guide ( especially the second one ) to build interesting encounters incorporating your minions .
Find interesting ways of introducing them into the encounter .
Invent creative abilities and powers or steal them from other monsters to make your minions tactically interesting .
And finally , use the players ’ expectations of minions to your advantage in how you use the little buggers tactically .
Introducing Your Minions
Spreading your minions out is a well - known means of keeping them from getting obliterated all at once .
PCs with blast or burst powers are well - known as minion - killers .
That ’s part of what the Controller classes are especially good at .
But the “ spread them out ” mentality is something that can be used chronologically as well as spatially on the battlemat .
My PCs were deeply involved in an urban combat involving wererats ( skirmishers ) , a couple dire rats ( brute non-minions , much to the PCs surprise ) and a bunch of giant rat minions .
I had built a total of 16 giant rats into the encounter , and gave them +1d4 damage with combat advantage , befitting their sneaky nature .
There were only a couple of the minions on the board when the combat began , and the PCs dealt with them quickly .
However , one of the wererats moved over to a sewer grating ( marked on the battlemap from the beginning of the combat ) and used a standard action to , in essence , use a terrain power and make a screeching rat call into the sewers .
From then on , every round on the minions ’ initiative , 1d4 giant rats appeared in a square adjacent to the sewer grate and entered the encounter .
Each time they did , I subtracted that number from the amount I knew the encounter was built for .
The PCs , of course , saw this as an “ endless rat generator ” and suddenly redoubled their efforts to take down the standard monsters in order to end the encounter .
They did n’t know there was a finite number of minions , and it upped the tension considerably .
They ’ve also gotten far more interested in using the terrain of an encounter after seeing the monsters use it against them .
Another encounter in a Far Realm themed adventure saw the PCs fighting a tentacled , aberrant horror with huge egglike pustules all over its back .
This encounter was built as a solo monster of two levels below the PCs and again , a considerable number of minions .
The minions , however , did n’t start on the map at all .
Instead , every time the PCs hit the solo with a single - target attack , I described one of the egg - pustules rupturing and a floating , amorphous blob of semi- sentient goo being “ born ” in a square adjacent to the solo .
This is how I introduced the minions — the PCs had to decide whether to wail away on the solo and create more minions or deal with the minions and let the solo have time to pound on them .
It increased the drama of the encounter just as much as the sewer rats .
Make Minions Matter
The “ spawn ” minions had a particularly nasty ability : when reduced to 0 hit points , they exploded in a shower of horrific goo .
This was a close burst 1 dealing 4 psychic damage to any non-aberrant creature .
This added yet another angle to an encounter the players had thought was tactically simple .
The players , especially the ones who throw around burst and blast templates constantly , suddenly were n’t just affecting the monsters .
Because the spawn appeared in squares adjacent to the solo , the melee characters often had several of the amorphous buggers attacking them at once .
They were lower level than the PCs , so they did n’t hit often , but that was n’t their real danger .
Constantly dealing psychic damage to the melee characters was a serious concern , and the players had a good time figuring out how to deal with it .
By the end of the encounter , the players had really come to hate the spawn minions , but it was a good kind of hate .
It showed me I should definitely use those minions again .
Likewise , in the rat encounter , giving the giant rats a + 1d4 damage bonus against targets they had combat advantage against was n’t a huge deal , but it definitely made the PCs sit up and pay attention when they saw me rolling dice to determine a minion ’s damage .
They expected a flat number ; playing against their expectations made the combat more engaging .
Think Like A Minion
The last encounter of that session was a big , set - piece battle against the cult of Far Realm worshippers .
The PCs had fought numerous tentacled nasties by this time , and were n’t particularly surprised by the suicidally fanatic cultists , nor by the carrion crawlers that scuttled their way to do battle .
But I used their expectations against them again and made the encounter more interesting by doing so .
The cultists were , in fact , hosts for the same kind of “ exploding brain amoebas ” ( as the players ended up calling them ) that had spawned from the solo monster in the earlier encounter .
I took the number of minions slated for the encounter and split them in half .
The first half were the human cultists — simple cookie cutter minions with no special abilities .
I did this deliberately to let the PCs romp through them and feel heroic , which they did .
The cultists were especially suicidal , and I described them as such .
The PCs took it as typical fanatic behavior , but the cultists knew what was growing inside them and what would happen upon their deaths .
I made sure the cultists went about 1/3 of the way from the top of the initiative order .
I also kept track on the battlemat where the bad guys ’ bodies fell when they died .
I usually do this because I treat the corpse of a Medium sized corporeal monster as difficult terrain .
This time , however , there was an additional twist , and an additional number on the initiative tracker .
When the cultists died , the PCs did what any well trained soldier does when a target has been neutralized — they moved right past the body and engaged new targets , leaving the artillery characters in the “ safe ” space behind them .
When the mystery number came up on the initiative , though , the bodies of the cultists exploded in just the same way the egg - sacs on the back of the solo monsters had , spawning more of the “ exploding brain amoebas ” and making the players curse profoundly .
The spawn were now * behind * the melee characters and proceeded to swarm the second - line fighters instead , forcing the PCs to change their established tactics .
This created tension and more than a little bit of real fear for the characters ’ lives .
In the end , the players told me point - blank the encounters had been tough , interesting , and above all memorable .
I have a feeling that “ exploding brain amoebas ” is going to become a common table phrase for this game .
When it comes down to the final analysis , minions have the potential to become boring just as easily as any other kind of monster if not used deliberately .
It ’s not enough to just throw them into an encounter as filler ; likewise so they can use Aid Another or provide flanking or even just to provide cover against ranged attackers .
In order to get the most out of your minion mile you need to think about how they fit into the encounter as a whole both in - game and in the metagame sense .
Use minions to create interesting tactical situations and give them memorable abilities , and your players will remember them much longer than you might think one measly hit point could manage .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Lewis Hamilton was on Friday night charged by local police after he was caught doing smoky burnouts and ' fish - tailing ' in a Mercedes road car near the Albert Park circuit .
At 9.15 pm in St Kilda , within sight of the Formula One circuit , Hamilton was pulled over in his E500 saloon by a Victorian Police divisional van .
Police charged Hamilton , who will be summoned , with improper use of a motor vehicle and have impounded the car for 48 hours .
Police confirmed that a 25 - year - old Briton has been charged .
Senior Constable Scott Woodford said the man was " extremely cooperative " and " fairly disappointed " with the incident .
Wire reports said Hamilton was " visibly upset " and " worried this would dent his reputation " .
The incident coincides with a push within F1 for better road safety , with all teams contributing to the FIA 's global campaign .
In a statement issued by McLaren , Hamilton said : " This evening , I was driving in an over - exuberant manner and , as a result , was stopped by the police .
What I did was silly , and I want to apologise for it . "
Dario Capogrosso , goalkeeper for Argentine second division club CAI , scored a vital goal for his relegation threatened team , earning a point at the death of their match against Gimnasia de Jujuy on Saturday .
With a little help from the wind , Capogrosso scored off a free kick from 70 meters out that just went over the fingertips of the opposing keeper .
Get Active
Subscribe
Support Us URL : http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v10/n046/a04.html
Newshawk : Reformer 's Guide to Direct Democracy www.drugsense.org/caip#take
Votes : 0
Webpage : http://mapinc.org/url/4IjRVH1H
Pubdate : Sun , 17 Jan 2010
Source : Florida Times - Union ( FL )
Copyright : 2010 The Florida Times - Union
Contact : http://www.jacksonville.com/tu-online/opinion/letters_policy.shtml
Website : http://www.jacksonville.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/155
Author : Caren Burmeister
4 FLORIDA CITIES TRYING TO DECRIMINALIZE MARIJUANA
Atlantic Beach , Orlando and Tallahassee Have Joined Jacksonville Beach .
A longtime effort to decriminalize marijuana possession in Jacksonville Beach has expanded to Atlantic Beach , as well as to Orlando and Tallahassee .
The Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy launched the Atlantic Beach effort last month after advocates saw that many people who wanted to sign a Jacksonville Beach petition could n't because they lived in Atlantic Beach , said committee Chairman Ford Banister .
" It seemed like we could do it just as easily and it's close by , " Banister said .
The committee is collecting signatures to place the marijuana decriminalization amendment on the November ballot in the four cities .
If voters approve the amendment , it would make possession of 20 grams or less of marijuana a civil infraction rather than a misdemeanor crime , for which state law calls for up to a year in jail and $ 1,000 in fines .
Since the fall , marijuana advocates have shifted gears and are working through the Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy , a political action committee that successfully lobbied for marijuana decriminalization laws in Massachusetts .
Banister said the committee provides greater resources for advocates than the movement 's original sponsor , the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , or NORML .
One of the reasons the group took its campaign to Tallahassee is because of the case involving Rachel Hoffman , a Florida State University graduate who was murdered while acting as a police informant during a botched drug sting in May 2008 , Banister said .
Hoffman had been busted by Tallahassee police and was promised a reduced sentence if she agreed to wear a wire and set up a deal with her suppliers to buy 1,500 ecstasy pills , 2 ounces of cocaine and a handgun .
The case triggered the first law in the nation that requires law enforcement agencies to establish safeguards when using informants .
Banister said the committee is also stressing a Marijuana is Safer than Alcohol campaign that asserts that marijuana is less addictive , less toxic and less likely to lead to violence than alcohol .
Last summer , when marijuana advocates chose Jacksonville Beach as the first city in Florida to decriminalize marijuana use , they selected a town that has resisted them for at least a decade .
The conflicts date back to six years ago , when coordinators of a Hempfest at the SeaWalk Pavilion in Jacksonville Beach were arrested and five years before that , when Hempfest organizers sued Jacksonville Beach and won a court order forcing the city to drop the phrase " family - oriented events " from its special events permit .
Jacksonville Beach Mayor Fland Sharp has scoffed at the proposal , saying similar proposals may float in California , Massachusetts , or even Denver , where marijuana reform measures have passed , but not in his town .
" It 's a moot point because it 's never going to happen , " he said .
Banister said the atmosphere in Jacksonville Beach has improved and that police officers have been respectful of decriminalization groups ' protests and a November signature - gathering campaign by college students .
Marijuana advocates are also knocking on doors to speak with residents and urge them to sign the petition , he said .
The group has collected about 300 of the 1,442 petition signatures needed to place the amendment on the ballot in Jacksonville Beach .
In Atlantic Beach , the committee would need to get about 1,000 signatures , Banister said .
So far , they have gotten 50 signatures there , he said this week .
Banister said he 's confident the committee will get the support it needs through citizen education and participation .
" I think we should be able to with the campaign invasions we 've planned , " he said .
" I think we can make it . "
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
Wire Art by Terry Border
Ever wonder what the items in your refrigerator do when you go to sleep at night ?
Terry Border certainly has .
And he recently has published a book with photographs of some of his best work .
Using everyday items such as peanuts , Oreos and kiwis , Border utilizes wire hands and feet to make the inanimate objects come to life .
With some hysterical poses , he evokes a kind of childish grin to our faces .
Our favorite , however , has to be the picture shown below of the Oreo cookie .
Placing a “ Missing ” poster onto the side of a milk carton , that Oreo cookie undoubtedly lost his friend to a fate he is sure to face - being dunked into a glass of milk and eaten .
Editors Note :
In this post Keith Berkoben and Amy Sun from the Center for Bits and Atoms at MIT report on the Fab Fi network in Jalalabad .
These are cross posted on the Jalalabad Fab Lab blog .
Keith is first up with great news on the continued growth of the fab fi mesh around Jalalabad City .
Twenty five nodes up and running simultaneously – pretty impressive .
Amy Sun follows with a solid demonstration of using keen insight , humor and classic leadership skills while working through language and cultural difficulties to do a little problem solving .
KEITH BERKOBEN
When we first brought FabFi to Afghanistan we brought our own idea of the best solution .
It looked something like the photo below .
With a little training , our afghan friends figured out how to copy reflectors like the one in the photo and make links .
That ’s super cool and all , but you ca n’t always get nice plywood and wire mesh and acrylic and Shop Bot time when you want to make a link .
Maybe it ’s the middle of the night and the lab is closed .
Maybe you spent all your money on a router and all you have left for a reflector is the junk in your back yard .
That , dear world , is when you IMPROVISE :
Pictured below is a makeshift reflector constructed from pieces of board , wire , a plastic tub and , ironically enough , a couple of USAID vegetable oil cans that was made today by Hameed , Rahmat and their friend “ Mr. Willy ” .
It is TOTALLY AWESOME , and EXACTLY what Fab is all about .
For those of you who are suckers for numbers , the reflector links up just shy of - 71d Bm at about 1 km , giving it a gain of somewhere between 5 and 6d Bi .
With a little tweaking and a true parabolic shape , it could easily be as powerful as the small FabFi pictured above ( which is roughly 8 - 10 d Bi depending on materials )
For me , the irony of the graphic above is particularly acute when one considers that an 18 - month World Bank funded infrastructure project to bring internet connectivity to Afghanistan began more than SEVEN YEARS ago and only made its first international link this June .
That project , despite hundreds of millions of dollars in funding , is still far from being complete while FabLabbers are building useful infrastructure for pennies on the dollar out of their garbage .
AMY SUN
I have n’t been in Afghanistan since September , missing my January window of opportunity this year .
Fortunately , our Afghans have discovered Skype and the FabFi- GATR - internet has been sufficiently stable that I have n’t missed much .
Having Afghans with high speed internet and skype is pretty much like having TV ( something else we do n’t have by choice , like heat ) .
The intrepid FabFi team in Afghanistan ( now exclusively Afghans ) have been expanding at a quick pace and everyone wants to gab .
As long as the connection is up it seems at least one is online and wants to chat .
Some of it is utterly content - less and we patiently plod through with the idea that it ’s good English practice .
Keith is fantastic at half - rolling out of bed in the morning for a couple hours of conversing – I ’m just not socially presentable until there ’s at least a couple cups of coffee in me .
Previously on That Afghan Show ,
One night around 2300 Afghan time , our friends Hameed and Rahmat wanted to video skype with us but the city power is n’t on then .
So in the darkness they went to the hospital water tower and climbed the 5 stories to the tippy top and chatted with us from the windy roof of Jalalabad in the middle of the night .
We could n’t see them so well since they were only lit by the light of their own laptop but they could see and hear us which made them silly happy .
I hope that gives readers a decent impression of the security situation – it ’s not a war zone everywhere .
In some places , it ’s like any other city with people that just wanna reach out and chat with their friends .
Logistically the FabFi mesh network is hampered by difficulties in obtaining routers in country .
This is completely my fault though I thought that I had verified that you could get these routers on my first trip .
But progress is occurring even though sometimes it ’s hard to see .
We ’ve discovered that the Afghan fab folk can get joint personal bank accounts at the Jbad branch of Kabul Bank which is backed by some German bank .
We ’re able to wire transfer funds to and from each other .
Now , Afghans can wire us money to purchase routers which we ship to them .
In theory , anyway , next week we ’re going to try to transfer a small sum to see how it goes .
It ’s a sore point in our project because it takes local shopkeepers out of the loop and creates a large reliance on order it from America .
The drama these days is a brewing conflict over the key to the water tower at the public health hospital ( PHH ) .
Edited to fit your screen and time limits :
HAMEED : Problem : Someone broke the old lock and installed another lock .
We ( Rahmat and Hameed ) have no key to the water tower now .
We are about to start working on another connection and may need to get to the tower .
Please tell Talwar or someone at the Fablab to give us a key to it .
I can get to the top of the tower from another way without opening the lock .
But it ’d be handy for Rahmat .
RAHMAT : yes that is what we want .
there are many people asking us for net connection .
but we say them that you need routers and they just find it hard to find routers in Afghanistan or Pakistan
TALWAR ( to Amy ) : Dear Amy sun I did not broken the lock Mr Dr. Shakoor change the lock he toled me Mr Talwar every one in every time going up to the tower we dont know these poeple if some one do something wrong in the tower are you resposible of that i toled him no i am resposible of myself therefor he changed the lock
AMY : I am not your mother ( all of you ) , do not come crying to me when you ca n’t get along .
Afghanistan has many difficulties in her future and you must become brothers and work together to build a working city and country you are proud of .
This starts with communicating with each other especially for something so simple as a shared key to a shared resource .
I can think of many possible solutions to the who has a key problem , can you ?
Talwar , Hameed , Rahmat – you are all intelligent grown men capable of figuring out what is the right thing to do .
Do it .
TALWAR : Thanks Miss
Amy sun form your direction that you gave to Mr Rahmat and Hameed your right your not our mother to solve our all problem we should tray to solve our problem by ourslefe and work friendly .
bu i dont know why mr Hameed asked you for the Key he didnot asked me yet for the key , he did not asked in the hospital for the key .
is the key is with you they are asking you for the key ?
M : Just talked with Talwar and he told me he would leave the key with Dr. Shakoor , head doc , at hospital .
HAMEED : Regarding Talwar , we ’ll try to work something out with him .
RAHMAT ( to Amy ) :
Yes you said very good things and I agree with .
RAHMAT ( to Keith ) : but we have a small problem that is the key of water tower to which we have no access .
the one we have put here has been broken by someone
KEITH : I understand that Talwar has a key .
Has Hameed gone to ask him for it ?
RAHMAT : Not yet nowadays Hameed is busy with his exams and we will going to activate another new connection these days .
We are not fighting we just want the fablab to be extended in Jalalabad
KEITH : Talwar is probably worried that he is losing control of something by giving you access .
You must make him see how all of you will be better off by working together .
B : I called Dr. S. He is not budging on having a gate on the tower .
He says the key is with him and not with Talwar .
I told him that he has to make sure that Hameed can have access to this key when ever he needs it .
If there is ever a problem he should call Dr. S. If that doesnt work , he should call me and I will call Dr. S. This is far from an optimal solution , but as Dr. S is unwilling to make copies of keys this seems to be the only option .
I explicitly told Dr.S that Talwar can not be part of the key handout process .
He agreed to this and said that anytime H or R call him he will give it to them directly .
RAHMAT : I , Hameed and one of fabfi users went to Dr.S directly and asked him to give us the key he told us that there are many security reasons that they do n’t want to give the key to everyone and also told us that only Talwar will fix everything and also he was telling us that instead of internet the water tower and its water is very important .
TALWAR : i am not the director of hospital to be responsible of the hole hospital that every one coming to me and say give me the key of water tower .
dear , hospital has there own director the key is with him every one can get from him not from me than why every make me blame .
We ’re now entering the third week of this plot arc .
It ’s funny , but it ’s not .
This set of guys are our friends and some of the best hope we ’ve seen .
They ’re intelligent , dedicated , trustworthy , and diligent .
They know each other and have worked together to make and assemble reflectors and grow the project , and yet they ’re stumbling here where there needs compromise and communication .
< sigh >
But of course , when and how would they have had opportunity to see this behavior in action ?
Baba Tim :
Anyone who has spent time working with Afghans has a story similar to Amy ’s tale above .
The take away point to these two posts is that there is nothing hard about doing COIN .
You just have to get out and do it ….. it is that easy .
Once again I feel compelled to point out that all the good work being done by the Fab Folk is self funded .
They have reached the end of their resources and could use a little help .
Please take the time to stop by Amy Sun ’s blog to donate what you can in support of the Jalalabad Fab Lab .
The smoking fast internet we have all enjoyed for the past two years is about to go away forcing Team MIT to come up with a replacement .
Without some sort of funding their two years of work will go down the memory hole taking all the hope , dreams , and potential of the local children with it .
If we start by looking at what all - season tires are .
They are basically summer tires , tires that should be used ...
Thursdays ’s events in Iran dealt a serious political blow to a beleaguered re gime unable to either accommodate its opponents or crush them by force .
It was billed as the biggest show in the history of the Islamic Republic , and the celebrations marking the 31st anniversary of the seizure of power by the mullahs were planned like a military operation with the code name Simorgh ( a mythical Persian bird ) under the direct control of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard .
What Iranians saw on live TV , however , was a chaotic gathering of tens of thousands of rent - a - mob elements — along with guardsmen , all with standard and easily recognizable beards , and members of the Baseej professional street fighters .
The spokesman for the operation , the Revolutionary Guard ’s Ali-Asghar Abkhizr , all but admitted the failure of the enterprise :
He announced that pro-regime demonstrations had been confined to 33 “ public places ” in Tehran — leaving the rest of the vast capital to the opposition .
Abkhizr also admitted that this year ’s anniversary gatherings were limited to 637 towns and cites — out of a total of more than 4,000 localities with populations of 10,000 or more .
The regime ’s profile was even lower in rural Iran , where pro-regime demonstrations were confined to 3,000 villages out of a total of 50,000 .
In several major cities , among them Isfahan , the country ’s second largest in population , and Ahvaz , official ceremonies had to be curtailed as pro-democracy marchers seized control of major thoroughfares .
For three decades , the Feb. 11 demonstrations provided an occasion for the Khomeinist establishment to flex its political muscle in streets throughout the country .
This year , the occasion only underlined the regime ’s increasing isolation .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had hoped that his announcement that Iran was now able to enrich uranium up to 80 percent would divert attention from the regime ’s domestic difficulties .
But the old trick of provoking an external conflict to cover internal problems did n’t work .
So dismal was Thursday ’s show that some regime supporters are already calling for an end to the exercise .
The official events were boycotted by a majority of Iranians — and many senior regime figures also failed to show , including two former presidents , the mayor of Tehran and several retired generals of the regular armed forces .
“ What is the point of an exercise that shows how divided our nation is today ? ” asks a member of the Islamic Majlis , Iran ’s ersatz parliament .
“ Unless a political solution is found to bring the two camps together again , we should forget about anniversaries and demonstrations . ”
A “ political solution ” is precisely what several key regime figures are urging “ Supreme Guide ” Ali Khamenei to adopt .
Majlis Speaker Ali Larijani and his brother Sadeq , who heads the judiciary , are among those advising Khamenei to meet some opposition demands , even if that means shortening Ahmadinejad ’s second term as president .
But Khamenei is also coming under growing pressure from those within the establishment who urge an early and massive crackdown .
“ Those who demonstrate against the system are waging war on Allah , ” says Gen. Muhammad - Ali Aziz Jaafari , the guard commander and the chief advocate of an “ iron fist ” policy .
Khamenei is wavering .
Always weak and indecisive , for years he depended on stronger men , like former President Hashemi Rafsanjani , to help him face difficult situations .
But now Rafsanjani is flirting with the opposition , leaving Khamenei alone and exposed to pressure from rival factions within the regime .
Opposition leaders are also coming under pressure from rival groups within the broad anti-Khomeinist movement .
A number of parties representing ethnic minorities ( such as Kurds , Baluchs and Arabs ) urge a recourse to armed struggle to force the Revolutionary Guard to move out of Tehran and the major cities , leaving them exposed to a takeover by pro-democracy groups .
The two main figures of the opposition , ex - Prime Minister Mir-Hussein Mussvai and former Speaker Mehdi Karrubi , however , refuse any recourse to violence and insist that they can defeat the regime by political and social pressure alone .
Other groups , including monarchists and a half - dozen leftist parties , are trying to organize industrial strikes as another source of pressure on the regime .
A particular target is the vital oil industry , which provides some 75 percent of the government budget .
A foretaste of this came Thursday when workers at a gas refiner in Aghajari and oil refineries in Tabriz and Shiraz stopped work for four hours .
Crypto Graphics
Posted February 2010 .
In this article , I 'll just describe how to unpack the simplest outermost level of security ...
Bill Casselman
University of British Columbia , Vancouver , Canada
cass at math.ubc.ca
Introduction
A new generation of `bar codes ' is becoming ubiquitous , at least in the Western world .
One principal motivation for this has been to foil counterfeiting , for example the counterfeiting of postage stamps .
Many countries of Europe as well as Canada and the United States have implemented this scheme , although details vary from one country to the next .
In the near future , all pharmaceutical products sold in Europe will require similar authentication .
There are other uses in packaging as well , although it is not clear to me what their purpose is .
In addition , correspondence from the IRS frequently includes data matrices but here , too , the purpose is not known to me .
Data matrices are not actually bar codes , which are one - dimensional .
Instead , they ( as well as nearly all of the new generation of similar code schemes ) present a rather complicated 2D array .
There are other candidates for 2D coding , but data matrices are among the most interesting .
The advantage of 2D over 1D should be obvious - a 2D array can pack much more information in a small space .
There is so much capacity , in fact , that there is room for extra bits of information to allow efficient error correction , which is a tremendous advantage .
The largest allowable data matrix has dimensions 144 x 144 , and allows 1558 bytes of message to be transmitted , with up to 620 errors correctable .
This is an impressive amount of information .
Looking at the sample images of postage stamps above , where cancellation and poor printing quality clearly causes trouble , will convince you that the system would n't be at all feasible without error correction .
In reading a data matrix , there are several layers that have to be peeled away and interpreted , and in many - for example postage and pharmaceutical authentication - the final layer to be seen is encrypted at the most sophisticated level of security currently available .
In this article , I 'll just describe how to unpack the simplest outermost level .
Assembling the bytes
Every data matrix encodes an array of bytes , which may roughly be considered as the smallest interpretable units inside computers .
Each byte is an array of 8 bits , or in geometric terms 8 pixels .
Colored pixels represent 1 , uncolored represent 0 .
The basic interpretation of each byte is as a non-negative integer expressed in base 2 .
Since 2 8 = 256 , it therefore represents a number in the range [ 0 , 255 ] .
Bytes in the lower half of this range are commonly interpreted more specifically as alphabetic , numeric , and other characters that appear on computer keyboards .
How bytes in a data matrix are interpreted depends on context .
The first question , however , is how is the array of bytes to be found ?
I 'll next answer this , and then suggest an explanation for what might appear at first to be an eccentric choice .
The simplest feature of data matrices is that they are made up of one or more regions , each of which is bounded by a fixed pattern of pixels - solid at left and bottom , alternating coloured and blank at right and top .
Most of the postage stamp examples are made up of 2 x 2 regions like this , although the presorted first class mail example is 1 x 2 , and the ice cream carton matrix is made up of just one such region , as shown on the left below :
The point of these peripheral pixels or frame is to make it possible for devices intended to read the matrix to align themselves correctly .
If the periphery is stripped away , we are left with the core pixels , which contain the real message ( as on the right above ) .
What remains to be done is locate the bytes making up the message .
This is non-trivial , and depends on the dimensions of the data matrix .
Nearly all bytes have the shape of a bitten square , and its bits are numbered right to left , bottom to top :
The byte at the left above therefore corresponds to the base 2 number 10001101 , in decimal format 128 + 8 + 4 + 1 = 141 .
As suggested in the diagram at right , the origin pixel of a byte is at its lower right , corresponding to bit 0 , and what I call its geometric origin is the point at the upper left of that pixel .
The bytes are generally laid out in a lattice , starting at the upper left of the matrix .
The counting always begins the same , no matter what the dimensions are .
Right from the very beginning , however , bytes can fall outside the matrix .
We 'll see in a moment how to deal with that problem .
But after the first few bytes , how the bytes are located depends on the matrix dimensions .
Here we see what happens for the ice cream carton .
The nominal layout of bytes is shown at left below , the way in which bytes extending beyond the matrix are handled by wrapping around on the far side ( generally with a shift ) is shown in the middle , and the numbering of bytes is shown at right :
This makes the array of bytes to be 77 , 163 , 217 , 130 , 129 , 158 , 165 , 15 , 3 , 65 , 111 , 68 .
We 'll see later some idea of what that array means .
In general , the order in which the bytes are counted is by traversing alternately up and down along diagonals , moving roughly left to right .
A byte is usually counted when its origin pixel is contained in the matrix , but as we shall see in a moment there are rare exceptions to this rule .
The allowable dimensions of matrices are limited to a list of 30 .
Most are square , but a few are rectangular .
How bytes are located depends on the particular dimensions , but the layout of bytes ( i.e. bitten squares ) in the core matrix is periodic with period 8 , so in fact this process reduces to a few small cases .
Say r is the number of rows in the core matrix , c the number of columns .
I 'll look at square matrices first , for which r=c .
If r = c = 0 modulo 8 , there is absolutely no problem , as on the left below :
If r = c = 2 modulo 8 , there is only a minor problem .
The number of pixels rc is not divisible by 8 , so there have to be pixels that are not associated to any byte .
These occupy the 2 x 2 square at the lower right of the matrix , as on the right above .
If r = c = 4 or 6 modulo 8 , then there is no completely clear way to assign the location for exactly one of the bytes , no obvious way to assign bits within that byte , and no obvious way to assign the order of the exceptional byte in the total array .
In each of the figures below , a candidate nominal origin pixel is uncolored , the ordering is indicated by a colored origin circle , and the bit order within the exceptional bytes ( rather arbitrary ) is also shown .
Thus in both matrices just below the exceptional byte is number 8 .
The same problem occurs for rectangular matrices as well .
On the left below the exceptional byte is the last one , and on the right it is the first .
The way in which bytes are stored as bitten squares might seem a bit peculiar , but if you think about how errors occur in the transmission of data matrices ( for example poor printing , postage cancellation ) , it makes sense .
The scheme is designed so that the minimum number of bytes are affected by such errors .
Other features ( the funny way in which `unrandomization ' is applied ) are not so clearly advantageous , and are pretty much a mystery to me .
Interpreting the bytes
The second question now is how is the array of bytes now assembled to be interpreted ?
The first thing to realize is that the last several bytes are part of the error correction mechanism , and the remaining initial segment is the message transmitted .
Exactly how many are error correction bytes depends on the dimensions of the matrix - for a 12 x 12 matrix there are 12 bytes in all , 5 of which make up the message and 7 of which are for error correction .
( For larger matrices the ratio is more satisfactory . )
The error correction bytes are used to check if the message has been distorted , and if so , they can be used to correct the error to some extent .
After this stage , one is left with the message itself .
For this , there are several different modes of interpretation .
I 'll discuss just exactly two , which seem to be the most common ones .
ASCII mode .
This is the default mode - every data matrix starts off in this mode .
How to interpret some of the bytes in the range [ 0 , 255 ] is shown in the table below .
Roughly speaking , bytes in the range [ 0,128 ] are interpreteted as ASCII characters , those in the range [ 130,229 ] are interpreted as two - digit numbers , and many of the rest as indicating a shift to another mode .
Byte b n Interpretation of b n 1 - 128 as ASCII character b n - 1 129 the first character of padding that will continue to the end of the message 130 - 229 pair of digits 00 - 99 with numerical value b n - 130 231 escape to BASE256 mode
Following a byte b n = 231 are one or two bytes indicating the length of the segment to be read in BYTE256 mode .
Exactly how the bytes of the segment of BYTE256 mode , including its length , are to be read is curiously technical , as we 'll see a bit later .
At any rate , following this scheme , let 's look at the message on the ice cream carton , which is the sequence of 5 bytes 77 , 163 , 217 , 130 , 129 .
The last byte is padding , so the message is really only 4 bytes .
The first byte 77 is in the low range , so to be read as ASCII character L.
The next three are in the range of two - digit numbers , so to be read as 163- 130 = 33 , 217-130 = 87 , and 130 - 130 = 0 .
But what significance the sequence M , 33 , 87 , 0 has to anyone is a mystery to me .
This is common enough in this sort of thing - data matrices are often meant to have obscure significance apparent only to a select few .
In the case of postal systems and pharmaceutical products , the final message is to be interpreted according to the rules of one - way public key crytography , so that authenticity may be checked but not counterfeited .
BASE256 mode .
In this mode , there is no special meaning to any of the possible bytes - interpretation is up to the user .
Becuase of this , there is no way to tell when the segment has come to an end , and the length of the segment in this mode must be specified at the start .
There is one trick used throughout this mode , including the one or more bytes indicating this length , called unrandomized 255 reading .
In this mode of reading , byte b n is converted to another byte v n according to the formulas
r = ( ( 149 *( n+1 ) ) modulo 255 ) + 1
v n = ( b n - r ) modulo 256
Here is what happens after a 231 in ASCII mode : ( 1 ) the next byte b n is read and converted to v n according to this unrandomization process .
If this is < 250 , then the length of bytes to be interpreted in BYTE256 mode is just v n .
But if v n ≥ 250 , we get the next value v n+1 as well .
The length is then ( v n - 249 ) .250 + v n+1 .
Let 's look at an example .
Suppose the byte array of a data matrix reads 231 , 63 , 40 , 198 , 96 ...
The byte b 0 = 231 means that we are immediately put into BYTE256 mode .
The next byte b 1 = 63 is converted by unrandomization :
r = ( 149.2 + 1 ) = 44 ( mod 255 )
v 1 = 63 - 44 = 19
( where the dots represent multiplication ) .
Therefore we are now to read 19 bytes in BASE256 mode .
The byte v 2 is calaculated :
r = ( 149.3 + 1 ) = 193
v 2 = 40 - 193 modulo 256 = 103
which in this particular message is to be converted to the ASCII character g .
The next byte b 3 is converted to o , the next b 4 to t , etc .
A conversion to BASE256 mode is commonly encountered , in particular with all postal systems I have looked at .
To find out more ...
The Wikipedia entry http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barcode offers a useful survey of various kinds of bar codes , in particular a nice collection of images of various types .
offers a useful survey of various kinds of bar codes , in particular a nice collection of images of various types .
Japan has generally adopted a variant 2D code known as QR code .
It has achieved some notoriety , as you can see from the world 's largest QR code symbol and what can apparently be found in cemeteries .
Gerrit Bleumer , Electronic postage systems : technology , security , economics , Springer , 2007 .
This is the only printed book that I know of that discusses the postal use of data matrices .
The Royal Mail web site illustrates one modern use of data matrices in postage , and the Deutsche Post web site illustrates another .
, Springer , 2007 .
This is the only printed book that I know of that discusses the postal use of data matrices .
The Royal Mail web site illustrates one modern use of data matrices in postage , and the Deutsche Post web site illustrates another .
As far as low - level reading of data matrix symbols goes , one thing that is presumably essential for professional work is the ISO specification , which you can find by searching for ISO / IEC 16022-2006 at http://www.iso.org/iso/ but it costs real money ( 224 Swiss francs ! ) , and I have not had a chance to see it .
but it costs real money ( 224 Swiss francs ! ) , and I have not had a chance to see it .
The Wikipedia entry for data matrix at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_ matrix_( computer ) is helpful , but does n't have much detail .
at is helpful , but does n't have much detail .
The web page http://www.bcgen.com/datamatrix-barcode-creator.html has an interactive application that will allow you to create data matrix symbols from text you type in .
As far as technical details are concerned , links to pages on data matrices can be found at http://grandzebu.net/
Follow links to the English version of barcodes , then to `data matrix ' .
has an interactive application that will allow you to create data matrix symbols from text you type in .
As far as technical details are concerned , links to pages on data matrices can be found at Follow links to the English version of barcodes , then to `data matrix ' .
Another good source of information is http://www.libdmtx.org/ , which provides programs in C for reading and writing data matrices .
This combined with the grandzebu site makes a fairly practical source for programming .
, which provides programs in for reading and writing data matrices .
This combined with the grandzebu site makes a fairly practical source for programming .
The 12 x 12 symbol on the ice cream carton has analogues on other groceries , as you can see at http://www.flickr.com/photos/nickj365/.
Is there a single company ultimately responsible for this phenomenon ?
Bill Casselman
University of British Columbia , Vancouver , Canada
cass at math.ubc.ca
Those who can access JSTOR can find some of the papers mentioned above there .
For those with access , the American Mathematical Society 's MathSciNet can be used to get additional bibliographic information and reviews of some these materials .
Some of the items above can be accessed via the ACM Portal , which also provides bibliographic services .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An innovative folding plug has been named as the overall winner at this year 's Brit Insurance Design Awards .
The plug , designed by London student Min-Kyu Choi , beat a collection by the late fashion designer Alexander McQueen to receive the coveted accolade .
The three - pin plug , which folds flat for storage , was one of seven category winners announced earlier this month .
Choi was presented with his award by British artist Antony Gormley at the Design Museum in London on Tuesday .
Min-Kyu Choi's reinterpretation of the plug folds flat for storage
Gormley described the plug - first unveiled at the Royal College of Art 's graduate show in 2009 - as " thought - through , responsive and modest " .
The device , he went on , " shows intelligent , elegant and inventive design can make a difference to everyone 's life . "
Designer Tom Dixon and broadcaster Janet Street - Porter were among the judges who decided Choi should be crowned this year 's overall winner .
All the shortlisted designs are on show at the Design Museum until 31 October .
View Our Practice Areas
Defective Drug Attorneys in St. Louis
At The Roberts Law Firm , P.C. , we are experienced and dedicated to achieving results in cases arising from unsafe and dangerous drugs .
Whether your case involves negotiating with opposing counsel , class actions or participating in multidistrict litigation ( MDL ) , our drug litigation attorneys are committed to achieving client goals .
Contact our drug litigation firm if you were injured as a result of taking dangerous or defective drugs .
Our St. Louis , Missouri lawyers are ready to help you get the compensation you deserve .
We offer free initial consultations for all unsafe drug cases .
Unsafe and Dangerous Drugs in Missouri | Helping Those Injured by Medications
We have successfully represented clients in drug litigation cases involving drugs such as :
Anti-depressants :
We can help those suffering from harmful side - effects of anti-depressant drugs like Lexapro .
We can help those suffering from harmful side - effects of anti-depressant drugs like .
Blood thinners :
Our attorneys are experienced in helping those injured by the blood thinning medication Pradaxa .
Our attorneys are experienced in helping those injured by the blood thinning medication Birth control :
Our firm has substantial experience representing clients who have suffered as a result of taking dangerous birth control and drugs .
Since the Yaz® and Yasmin® lawsuits were consolidated into a MDL in a nearby court , our St. Louis location has allowed us to assist clients nationwide with their claims .
We have also helped clients who were harmed using NuvaRing and Ocella® .
Our firm has substantial experience representing clients who have suffered as a result of taking dangerous birth control and drugs .
Since the Yaz® and Yasmin® lawsuits were consolidated into a MDL in a nearby court , our St. Louis location has allowed us to assist clients nationwide with their claims .
We have also helped clients who were harmed using NuvaRing and Ocella® .
Acne medications :
We can help clients who have been injured as a result of taking Accutane and other acne medications .
We can help clients who have been injured as a result of taking Accutane and other acne medications .
Anti-inflammatory drugs :
Our attorneys are knowledgeable in the side effects of anti-inflammatory medication , including Vioxx .
We can advise you about your legal options .
Our attorneys are knowledgeable in the side effects of anti-inflammatory medication , including Vioxx .
We can advise you about your legal options .
Blood sugar medications :
Our lawyers can help clients who have had serious side effects as a result of taking diabetes drugs , including Actos .
Our pharmaceutical drug litigation team can help clients who have experienced serious side effects from the use of other medications , such as Reglan and Reclast® .
We also assist injured clients with Wellbutrin and Paxil lawsuits .
When you contact our law firm about your injuries , you will find our drug litigation attorneys have the knowledge and experience needed to develop your case .
We have handled numerous drug litigation cases and we will use this experience to help clients who are injured after taking dangerous drugs .
Offering Vigorous Advocacy in Defective Drug Cases
We seek strong , high - quality legal representation through our thorough case preparation and powerful courtroom presentations .
Whichever direction your case takes — jury trial , mediation or settlement talks — our lawyers are in a position to develop it in order to protect your best interests .
Contact Our Missouri Law Firm
To discuss your unsafe medication case , contact our pharmaceutical litigation lawyers in Missouri .
Call us at 636-530-9199 or toll free at 866-585-4570 for a free initial consultation about your claims .
We take dangerous medication cases on a contingent fee basis so you pay no legal fees unless you receive compensation .
The Roberts Law Firm , P.C. does not intend , by this website or otherwise , to provide medical advice to or dissuade anyone from taking medication without a doctor ’s approval .
Please consult your doctor on matters relating to your health .
It could be dangerous to stop taking medicines , especially abruptly .
Patients should talk to their physicians to decide whether the benefits and risks of taking any medication make it the right choice for them .
Please note that no lawsuit will be filed by The Roberts Law Firm , P.C. , against your physician or health care provider for claims related to Yaz® , Yasmin® or Ocella® .
Trademark Notice : “ Yaz ” , “ Yasmin ” and “ Ocella ” are registered trademarks .
The Roberts Law Firm , P.C. , is in no way affiliated with the Bayer Group or Barr Pharmaceutical , Inc .
The use of this mark is solely for informational and product identification purposes .
Wednesday , March 17 , 2010 | 4:22 PM
Making sense of a fast paced and changing world is difficult under the best of circumstances , but when you ’re on the go , it ’s even harder .
With the new Google Maps for mobile 4.1 , we ’re introducing a few features that make sorting through search results or quickly seeing Maps info a bit easier .
Updated search results page
With the newly reimagined Google Maps for mobile search results page , we ’ve done away with the tabs to give you all the info you want on one page .
Tap the new buttons to see the place on the map , get directions , call it , or see it with Street View .
The extra space let us bring details and reviews right up front .
Swipe for more results
Take a look at the new page , and you can quickly see that Milk Pail Market specializes in cheese , has mostly 4 and 5 star ratings , and also sells fresh vegetables .
You can select any section to see more reviews , buzz , etc .
If you want to get to more search results without going back to the list , simply grab the page with your finger and swipe it away to the left or right to see the next or last result .
Latitude widget and Maps live wallpaper
Once you ’ve updated to Maps 4.1 , you ’ll also have a couple different ways to put Maps up close and personal on your phone .
Would n’t it be nice if you could quickly find your nearest friends or glance at the traffic conditions around you without opening Maps ?
Add the Latitude widget to a home screen panel to see your nearest Latitude friends by pressing the “ Menu ” button from the home screen and selecting Add > Widgets > Latitude .
On Android 2.1 + phones , you can also turn your home screen into one big , updating map using the Maps live wallpaper .
Press the “ Menu ” button from your home screen and select Wallpaper >
Live wallpapers >
Maps .
Now you can see nearby friends or a map each time you open your home screen .
Switch Google Accounts
We ’ve been adding more and more features that sync with your Google Account whether you ’re on your phone or your computer .
If you ’re managing multiple identities , Maps now lets you switch the Google Account it uses between the accounts you ’ve synced to your Android - powered phone .
From the Maps menu , select More > Switch Account to sign out of your current account and sign in to a different one .
Features like Google Buzz , Latitude , Starred items , My Maps , and more can then begin using whichever account you ’ve chosen .
Get these new features at your fingertips by searching for “ Google Maps ” in Android Market from Android 1.6 + phones .
Update Maps to version 4.1 , available in all the countries and languages where Maps is currently available .
Visit our Help Center to learn more , ask questions in our Help Forum , or give us suggestions and vote on other people ’s on the Mobile Product Ideas page .
Posted by Chiu -Ki Chan and Andrew Oplinger , Software Engineers , Google Mobile
1. Small lot homes are not condominiums .
They are fee simple , meaning you own the land the home sits on .
2. Residences on individual lots must have separate foundations and walls .
3. Driveways , walkways and utility access are accomplished through easements .
4 . Each subdivided lot may contain up to three residential units .
5 . Small lot subdivision projects are required to file a parcel map ( four or less units ) or a tract map ( five or more units ) to subdivide the land .
6. Homeowners association is not required .
Only a maintenance association is required .
7 . Each dwelling is required to have two parking spaces .
No guest parking is required for projects under 10 units .
8 . All zoning codes ( including density ) are the same as a standard project .
Some breaks are given on setbacks and open space requirements .
9 . Because small lot projects are fee simple , they have lower liability and insurance rates than condominiums .
10 .
The design and entitlements of small lot subdivision projects can be complex .
Hiring consultants with experience is recommended .
Virgin Galactic , Richard Branson 's commercial space flight venture , has announced that it will run test flights of its rocket - powered spaceship by 2011 .
Will Whitehorn , the company 's president , claimed that Virgin had secured funding for its " spaceline " operations and would be turning a profit in as little as two years after launching its first commercial flight .
$ 200,000 tickets on the spaceship have sold to over 300 eager space tourists , whose deposits have plunked a good $ 45 million in Virgin 's coffers .
Another $ 280 million from an Abu Dhabi - backed investment firm that purchased a 32 percent stake in the company differentiates Virgin Galactic from other commercial space ventures that are still scrounging for funding .
Abu Dhabi hopes its investment in Virgin 's spaceline will transform the sheikdom into a hub for space tourism .
Though Abu Dhabi has plans to build its own spaceport , New Mexico is currently Virgin 's launching pad of choice .
While Branson 's space efforts have drawn attention thanks to his flashy reputation , other companies are progressing toward commercial space operations as well .
NASA recently granted millions of dollars to five U.S. firms that , as a result of Obama 's proposed budget cuts , will assume much of the space agency 's historic human space flight mission .
Virgin Galactic 's focus on space tourism and its mix of private and government funding , however , sets the company apart .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ministers have condemned ex-cabinet colleagues who were secretly filmed apparently offering to try to influence government policy in return for cash .
Labour MP
Stephen Byers was recorded as saying he would work for up to £ 5,000 a day and was like a " cab for hire " in the Sunday Times and Channel 4 probe .
Patricia Hewitt allegedly said she would need up to £ 3,000 .
Both MPs firmly deny any wrongdoing .
Chancellor Alistair Darling says what happened was " ridiculous " .
And Foreign Secretary David Miliband told Sky News Sunday
Live he was " appalled " by the apparent actions of his former colleagues , saying " there is absolutely no room for anyone to trade on their ministerial office " .
I have never lobbied ministers on behalf of commercial organisations and have always fully disclosed my outside interests
Stephen Byers , Labour MP Mr Miliband said Labour had tightened up the rules on lobbying by former ministers already .
" But the Labour manifesto is going to say more about the need for a statutory register of the lobbying industry , because there is absolutely no room for the sort of innuendo or promises that seem to have been floated in this case . "
' Nothing improper ' Mr Byers , the former trade and industry minister who is standing down as an MP at the election , told an investigative reporter that he had secured secret deals with ministers , could get confidential information from Number 10 and was able to help firms involved in price fixing get around the law .
THE RULES Sitting MPs are not banned from working for corporate clients but the practice is controversial
They must declare any payment in the register of members ' interests
Any paid work taken by an ex-minister within two years of leaving office must be cleared by a panel - the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments
They are not allowed to table amendments or vote on bills in exchange for payment
They are normally banned for 12 months from becoming lobbyists in their specialist fields Labour , the Tories and the Lib Dems all say they want the rules tightened to prevent ex-ministers exploiting their contacts for private gain
Lobbying and British politicians
He also suggested bringing clients to meet former Prime Minister Tony Blair , the investigators allege .
The next day Mr Byers retracted his claims , saying he had " never lobbied ministers on behalf of commercial interests " and had exaggerated his influence .
According to the investigators , Mr Byers , who stood down as a minister in 2002 , claimed to have put pressure on the relevant minister to change policies on behalf of rail and bus operator National Express and , on a separate occasion , on behalf of supermarket giant Tesco .
Lib Dem transport spokesman Norman Baker has said he will be asking the Parliamentary Standards commissioner to investigate Mr Byers ' alleged claim that he had struck a deal with Transport Secretary Lord Adonis on behalf of National Express , when it was seeking to get rid of its East Coast rail franchise .
Lord Adonis later said in a statement : " There is no truth whatsoever in the suggestion that Stephen Byers came to any arrangement with Andrew Adonis on any matter relating to National Express . "
In a statement , Mr Byers said : " I am confident that any investigation from the Standards Commissioner will confirm that I have always fully complied with the MPs code of conduct .
Really , what on earth did they think they were doing ?
Chancellor Alistair Darling
" I have never lobbied ministers on behalf of commercial organisations and have always fully disclosed my outside interests . "
National Express denied paying the MP and told the newspaper that he was among a number of MPs with seats along the affected rail line it had contacted .
Mr Byers also told the undercover reporter that - after contact from supermarket giant Tesco - he spoke to business secretary Lord Mandelson about the proposed food labelling regulation who " got it delayed and then got it amended " .
Lord Mandelson said he had " no recollection " of talking to Mr Byers about the issue .
A Tesco spokesman said : " We did not speak to Mr Byers on food labelling , regulation or indeed any other issue .
These claims are completely fictitious and Mr Byers has acknowledged this to us . "
' Ridiculous ' Mrs Hewitt , who is also standing down as an MP , said she " completely rejected " the suggestion she helped obtain a key seat on a government advisory group for a client paying her £ 3,000 a day .
The former health secretary said the role she had been discussing would only have been taken up after she stepped down as an MP at the next election .
There was " nothing unusual or improper in the business appointments that I have taken up since leaving government " , she added .
David Cameron said some weeks ago now that lobbying was the next scandal waiting to happen
William Hague , shadow foreign secretary Former defence secretary Geoff Hoon , who is standing down at the election , is also named in the investigation , which claims he offered to lead delegations to ministers , and said he wanted to make use of his knowledge and contacts .
He said he charged £ 3,000 a day .
Mr Hoon said he had not offered to lobby government , nor had he broken any rules .
" I was written to by what seemed to be a reputable American company .
They had a website , and addresses in both the United States and St James 's Square , London , " he said in a statement .
" I was asked to visit their offices to have what they described as ' an informal chat ' .
This took place after the announcement of my decision to leave Parliament before the next election . "
He said that " in the course of what I assumed to be a private conversation , I was asked whether I might be interested in joining the advisory board of a UK company that they were thinking of establishing " .
He said he made clear he would not lobby government or " attempt to sell confidential or privileged information arising from my time in government " .
Mr Hoon told the undercover reporter he was interested in " translating my knowledge and contacts about the international scene into something that frankly makes money " .
' Code of conduct '
But he went on : " I do not want to be seen to leave politics and go back as some sort of lobbyist . "
Questioned about the newspaper 's claims by the BBC's Andrew Marr , Mr Darling said : " The best answer when you get a call like that is to put the receiver back down again .
It 's obvious .
" There are rules about serving MPs - we 've said that we 're going to have to , I think , get a statutory - backed code of conduct to deal with former ministers .
" But really , what on earth did they think they were doing ?
" And equally for a company , you do n't need a lobbyist .
If you 've got something to say , go directly to the government department and make your case .
It 's just ridiculous . "
The investigation also claimed Luton MP Margaret Moran said she could call a group of female colleagues on behalf of clients .
According to the Sunday Times , 13 Labour and seven Conservative MPs were approached during the investigation .
' Serious issue ' Conservative leader David Cameron , who recently warned that lobbying would be the next political scandal in the UK , called for a House of Commons investigation into what he said were " shocking " allegations against the MPs .
He urged Prime Minister Gordon Brown to hold a separate probe into the allegations against ministers .
" I think what it shows is a party that has been in power for far too long and has lost touch with what it 's meant to be doing , " he told the BBC .
The Conservatives say they would rewrite the ministerial code so ministers are banned from accepting lobbying jobs for two years after they leave office .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg told BBC One 's Politics
Show the story " just beggars belief " and illustrated the need for " reform of the whole rotten system from top to bottom " .
Both the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats have said they plan to table Parliamentary questions next week to establish what contact , if any , Stephen Byers might have had with ministers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The children 's secretary wants an urgent decision on whether the law should be changed to close a loophole that allows children to be smacked by Sunday school teachers and private tutors
The children 's secretary , Ed Balls , has ordered an urgent inquiry into whether Sunday school teachers and private tutors should be allowed to smack their pupils .
A loophole in the law means that while teachers in state and private schools are banned from smacking children , their counterparts in faith schools are not .
Teachers who take pupils for fewer than 12.5 hours of lessons a week have the same status as someone who is standing in for a parent , and can therefore give a child a mild smack .
They can plead the defence of " reasonable punishment " .
Balls has demanded that the government 's chief adviser on children 's safety , Sir Roger Singleton , report to him within a week on whether the law should be changed .
The issue has been raised by Ann Cryer , a Labour MP , who wants the loophole closed .
In a letter to Singleton , Balls wrote that the government would like to " progress to a point where smacking is seen as unacceptable by the vast majority of parents , and is only used as a last resort , if at all " .
But ministers would stop short of making smacking illegal because it would " criminalise decent parents who decide to administer a mild smack , " he said .
Balls wrote : " We recognise that whilst it seems that fewer parents smack their children , most currently do not believe they should be banned from doing so by law .
Our approach is to provide parents with support and guidance to help them manage their children 's behaviour more effectively .
" The defence of reasonable punishment may be available to those who teach in certain part - time educational and learning settings , for example religious instruction that children attend at the weekend .
I am concerned to establish the key issues here and whether this is an area in which we need to consider a change , in the interests of strengthening safeguards for children . "
But the schools minister , Vernon Coaker , said he feared a change in the law could create " unintended problems " such as stopping fathers from smacking children they care for , but for whom they do not have parental responsibility .
In his reply to Cryer in the House of Commons last week , Balls said : " The important point to make is that there is not one rule for a child in a madrassa and another for a child in any other circumstance .
" The use of physical punishment against any child is wrong ; it is outside the law and is not fair to children .
" I do not think we should tolerate any use of physical punishment in any school or learning setting in which trusted adults are supposed to be looking after children , not abusing them . "
David Laws , the Liberal Democrat schools spokesman , said : " The government needs to legislate to protect children – not leave an opt - out simply because it fears some ethnic or religious backlash . "
Lost fans were treated to an essential hour of entertainment and story on Tuesday with “ Ab Aeterno , ” certainly the best episode so far this season and already considered by some as one of the best Lost episodes ever .
Amid the giddy , there is some soberness , too : we ’re now halfway through the final season .
Only nine more hours left , then Lost goes away .
In fact , as we speak , Team Lost is hard at work making the two - hour series finale scheduled for May 23 .
Said finale happens to have a title , and if you wish to know what it could be , listen to the newest official Lost podcast hosted by exec producers Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof , which you ’ll find here exclusively for the next day .
( Big thanks to Lost prodcast producer Kris White ! )
I ’d preview the contents and give you a harder sell , but I have n’t listened to it , it ’s so hot off the presses .
And I thought you ’d appreciate it if I got it out to you ASAP instead of hogging it all to myself .
Appreciate me !
Without further ado : Listen !
Im under the impression that you consider the science behind global warming to be inaccurate , and that the efforts to promote it include hiding truth .
A grand conspiracy , of sorts .
On your TV show in November , 2009 , you said :
Count them .
Theres Jones , Mike , Keith , Gene and Caspar , whoever they are .
Potentially deleting emails supposedly about supposed science .
So why all the secrecy ?
You went on :
 Deleting emails .
Hiding declines .
Incorrect Data .
Inadequate systems .
Redefining scientific peer reviews for their own uses .
This is what appears to be going on behind the scenes .
And literally trillions of dollars of policy decisions are being based on what these guys are telling us .
If your gut said wait a minute , this global warming thing , it sounds like a scam  well , I think you re seeing it now 
The whole story sounds like a massive conspiracy to give the government an excuse to pass cap and trade , to impose restrictions on business and individual choice , to aggrandize themselves with more money and power .
It wouldnt really surprise me .
That is what government does in the United States .
In fact , it s things like this that made me realize that neither Democrats or Republicans in D.C. had any respect for your freedom or for the Constitution .
That was a driving force behind launching the Tenth Amendment Center , which I founded in mid-2006 .
But , you know what ?
Im not a detective , and I dont have time to study the science , the clues , the mystery behind global warming or the global warming swindle as many people call it .
So , if you had me on your TV show ( sorry I wasnt available when your producers asked last year , but I think my recommendation for a substitute worked out great ! ) , and asked me :
 Michael  do you believe in this global warming scam , do you believe what the mainstream scientists are telling us about global warming  yes or no !?
Id have to answer this way :
 Ive heard a lot of reports from reputable people on both sides of that issue .
There are some very good arguments , and I think the American people have not seen all of the evidence there , so I have not taken a position on that .
What I do know is this , I dont trust the government to tell me the truth . 
In response , would you then say that you 're u201 Cwriting me offu201D and u201 Cwriting the Tenth Amendment Center offu201D because I have n't taken a position on this — and that a better source for state sovereignty information is now the Huffington Post ?
u201D
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Michael Boldin
Fly Geyser – Not Quite of this World
They look as if they were taken on another planet , or at least on the set of a new and very expensive science fiction movie .
Yet these pi ...
The Henna Page is an educational resource
devoted to the history , traditions , techniques , science and art of Henna ,
and is part of a site group devoted to Henna and related arts .
Ending the Democrats ’ decades - long quest to create a healthcare safety net to match Social Security , the House of Representatives on Sunday night approved sweeping legislation to guarantee Americans access to medical care for the first time , delivering President Obama the biggest victory of his young presidency .
The bill , which passed 219 to 212 without a single Republican vote , would make a nearly $ 1 - trillion commitment in taxpayer money over the next decade to help an estimated 32 million uninsured Americans get health coverage .
And it would establish a broad new framework of government regulation to prevent insurance companies from denying coverage and , advocates hope , to begin making healthcare more affordable to most Americans .
“ Tonight , at a time when the pundits said it was no longer possible , we rose above the weight of our politics , ” the president said in a televised address from the East Room of the White House after the House completed its last vote .
“ We proved we are still a people capable of doing big things and tackling our biggest challenges . ”
On the House floor , Democrats erupted into cheers of “ Yes , we can ! ” at 10:45 p.m.
Eastern time as the decisive 216th “ yes ” vote was recorded , capping a tortuous campaign that several senior lawmakers linked to the historic battle for civil rights two generations earlier .
“ This is the Civil Rights Act of the 21st century , ” said Democratic Rep. James E. Clyburn of South Carolina , the top- ranking black member of the House .
Obama will sign the bill within the next few days , while the Senate plans this week to begin debating a package of changes to the healthcare legislation that the House also passed Sunday , 220 to 211 .
Angry protesters swarmed over the Capitol lawn throughout the day , cheering sympathetic Republicans who urged them on from the House balcony .
They called for lawmakers to “ kill the bill ” and warned of dire political consequences for Democrats who voted for the legislation .
“ We will remember in November , ” the crowd chanted .
Thirty - four Democrats , most from Republican - leaning districts , voted against the main legislation approving the blueprint for healthcare .
Rep. Pete Sessions ( R- Texas ) , chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee , promised that GOP candidates would turn the 2010 midterm elections into a referendum on healthcare .
“ We will run on a promise of repeal , ” he said .
Many Republicans say the overhaul will drive the nation deeper into debt at a time when it is still struggling to recover from recession .
But after a final flurry of negotiating defused an intraparty dispute over abortion and locked down the last votes , Democratic lawmakers , some of whom have spent decades in Congress pushing for universal health coverage , were celebrating the payoff of a monumental gamble .
Obama and his congressional allies succeeded in pushing through the most sweeping piece of social legislation since the 1965 Medicare bill , despite a crippling recession and an increasingly angry electorate .
Now , Democrats must steer a package of fixes to the healthcare bill through the Senate by using the arcane budget reconciliation process .
The maneuver allows Senate Democrats to skirt a GOP filibuster and pass the package with only 51 votes rather than 60 .
But if Republicans succeed in making any changes to the package on the Senate floor -- as Democratic officials acknowledge is possible -- the House would have to take another healthcare vote .
But Sunday , after more than a year of procedural delays , partisan battling and a nail - biting search for votes , congressional Democrats seemed more focused on history than the remaining parliamentary obstacles .
Meeting at midday across the street from the Capitol , they received a final pep talk from Rep. John Lewis ( D - Ga. ) , a veteran of the civil rights movement who , the day before , had been the target of racial epithets from a crowd of protesters .
Lewis reminded the assembled lawmakers Sunday that they were voting on the 45th anniversary of one of the famous civil rights marches between Selma , Ala. , and Montgomery , Ala .
Lewis had been beaten by police during the first of those marches .
After the caucus meeting ended , Lewis linked arms with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of San Francisco and other senior Democrats for a walk with the assembled lawmakers to the Capitol through a gauntlet of protesters shouting , “ Drop dead Pelosi ” and “ Save the Constitution . ”
By late afternoon , Democrats cleared the final obstacle as the White House struck a deal with a group of antiabortion Democrats led by Rep.
Bart Stupak of Michigan who had withheld their support over concerns that the legislation did not sufficiently ensure that federal funding would not be used for abortion .
The president agreed to issue an executive order directing his administration to develop guidelines to prohibit the use of taxpayer subsidies to pay for abortion services .
The executive order drew immediate fire from several antiabortion groups that called it inadequate .
“ Executive orders can be undone or modified as quickly as they are created , ” said Charmaine Yoest , president of Americans United for Life .
But Stupak , flanked by other socially conservative Democrats , said he was satisfied Sunday with the protections .
Party leaders designed their healthcare overhaul to preserve the employer - based healthcare system in which most Americans get their insurance .
But the legislation would dramatically expand federal regulation of healthcare .
Federal law would for the first time require insurance companies to cover all Americans , regardless of their health status , and would prohibit insurers from denying coverage to people who become sick .
Individuals would also be required to buy insurance .
And large employers would have to provide employees with health benefits or in some cases face penalties .
The bill would open the nation ’s 45 - year - old Medicaid insurance program for the poor to all Americans earning less than 133 % of the federal poverty line -- $ 14,404 for an individual or $ 29,327 for a family of four .
The government would also create new state - based insurance marketplaces for millions who do not get coverage through work .
Commercial insurers would offer plans in these marketplaces , or exchanges , and be required to provide a minimum set of benefits , including mental health services , maternity care and preventive care .
The most expensive feature is a commitment by the federal government to provide nearly $ 500 billion in subsidies over the next decade to help millions of low - and moderate - income Americans buy insurance in an exchange .
To pay for their legislation , Democrats approved a new 3.8 % tax on investment income for individuals earning more than $ 200,000 and couples earning more than $ 250,000 .
In 2018 , people with high - end “ Cadillac ” health plans would be subject to a new tax on their benefits .
And medical device makers , pharmaceutical companies and insures would be subject to new excise taxes .
The bill would also cut more than $ 400 billion over the next decade in what Medicare pays to hospitals , nursing homes and insurance companies that provide Medicare Advantage plans , a provision that proponents hope would ultimately help make the system more efficient .
noam.levey@latimes.com
janet.hook@latimes.com
The kudzu vine originates in east Asia and can grow more than 6.5 feet a week .
Its starchy roots plunge deep into the soil , and just a fragment of the plant remaining in the ground is enough to allow it to come back next season .
Where it occurs as an invasive species it is considered a noxious weed that climbs over trees or shrubs and grows so rapidly that it kills them by heavy shading .
– Wikipedia
Few buildings are abandoned and allowed to be taken over by vegetation .
However , in places that are susceptible to being engulfed by kudzu , caretakers give up and allow nature to take its course .
Check out the following pictures of this abandoned factory in the Saga prefecture of Japan .
( Photo Credit | Photo Credit | Photo Credit )
You may also like :
Upcoming Shows
While we are of course social distancing and staying in our homes as much as possible during the pandemic , Jon has been doing some mini concerts live on YouTube .
We ’ll post them on the calendar but since they are often spur of the moment with only a few days notice , if you want to know when the next one is happening , we ’ll let you know about them through the mailing list .
Stay safe , everyone !
Sign up for our mailing list and we ’ll let you know when the shows are happening , when new music is released , and get exclusive recordings and other goodies as well !
We ’re working on the songs for a new full - length album .
Recent Recordings
monsters is a 9 ( ? ) - track album of home recordings of once and future Midway Fair songs .
Be sure to check the Music page for the rest of Midway Fair ’s music !
Even more music can be found on our members ’ sites .
We have a live video !
Our full ten -song set from the February 13 , 2016 benefit show for Music4 More .
And it ’s not just a video — we got a comprehensive multitrack board and room capture , so the audio sounds great !
What do they say ?
( Image : Pierre - Jean Texier / Diepkloof Project )
COULD these lines etched into 60,000 - year - old ostrich eggshells ( see photo ) be the earliest signs of humans using graphic art to communicate ?
Until recently , the first consistent evidence of symbolic communication came from the geometric shapes that appear alongside rock art all over the world , which date to 40,000 years ago ( New Scientist , 20 February , p 30 ) .
Older finds , like the 75,000 - year - old engraved ochre chunks from the Blombos cave in South Africa , have mostly been one - offs and difficult to tell apart from meaningless doodles .
The engraved ostrich eggshells may …
The huge immigrants ’ rights demonstration in Washington D.C. on March 21 was a triumph in many ways , but the battle has only started .
The central goals of the immigrants ’ rights movement are the legalization of the 11 million or so undocumented immigrants , the reform of the visa system so that people are n’t forced to come in illegally , and generally better treatment for immigrants .
But if all this can not be achieved at once , and particularly without trade offs , what should be the priorities ?
Some on the left want a bill that legalizes everybody without penalties and contains neither guest worker programs nor internal or border controls .
This “ all - or - nothing ” stance confuses laudable long - term demands with short - term achievable goals .
To pass in the House of Representatives , a bill needs 216 votes .
The Democrats have a majority , but there are several dozen conservative Democrats who oppose legalization and want even more repressive policies .
The situation in the Senate is more complex yet , because although the Democrats have a majority , there is the problem of the filibuster .
And not all the Democratic senators are pro-immigrant .
So if “ all or nothing ” were the stance of the movement , nothing would pass , and the 11 million undocumented immigrants , along with their 4 million U.S. citizen children , would be left facing sharply increased repression .
But we should not be in a rush to offer all the concessions that the White House , and Senators Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) and Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) are pushing for , some of which could actually make things worse .
Recent statements by Schumer and Graham , as well as President Obama and Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano , suggest that they want immigration reform to be crafted according to the principles which the two senators have articulated .
* Undocumented immigrants must accept to be called “ illegal aliens ” .
* Undocumented immigrants seeking legalization must accept strong penalties , and must “ go to the back of the visa line ” , behind people who have “ played by the rules ” .
* There must be sharp new enforcement methods including biometric ID cards which all workers , not just immigrants , must use in order to get a job .
* There must be a big new guest worker program for business .
* Permanent resident visas must be reoriented toward highly educated workers , not family members of U.S. citizens and permanent residents .
These items mark the Schumer - Graham proposal as being far to the right of HR 4321 , introduced last year by Cong.
Solomon Ortiz ( D - TX ) and Luis Gutierrez ( D - IL ) .
Although the Ortiz - Gutierrez bill makes concessions , they are not nearly as extreme , and it also contains some extra positive items .
But the White House , Homeland Security and the Senators are treating the Ortiz - Gutierrez bill as ancient history , not viable because although organized labor supports it , business does not .
Even though we have to be realistic about what can be achieved , we should not accept this .
The Immigration Policy Center last week issued a report ( Focusing on the Solutions : Key Principles of Comprehensive Immigration Reform , at www.immigrationpolicy.org) which highlights the problems with the Schumer - Graham approach .
To drop the term “ undocumented ” and to go back to calling people “ illegal ” would be a big mistake .
Everybody is perfectly well aware that they came over the border “ illegally ” .
Rather , the point of using the term “ undocumented ” is to undercut false claims by the anti-immigrant right that the undocumented are “ dangerous criminals ” .
In fact the crime rate ( not including immigration - related offenses ) of undocumented immigrants is lower than that of the general population .
To pressure the undocumented to call themselves “ illegals ” resembles the ancient practice of leaders of a besieged city coming out with nooses around their necks to surrender .
Sometimes that tactic worked , but as often , they were hanged with their own nooses .
Better to emphasize the positive contributions that undocumented immigrants already make to our society .
Heavy - handed control measures , such as the biometric ID cards will also harm U.S. citizen workers .
Probable malfunctions will mean that there will be U.S. citizens who will be told by the government that they are not allowed to work here .
For big business to demand more guest workers is not good public relations in the present economy .
Most of organized labor , whose support is vital , will not go for this .
It would be much better to push the Ortiz - Gutierrez bill ’s approach of a new commission , with labor and business participation , to determine future permanent resident visa numbers .
And this business of “ going to the back of the line ” is nonsense .
Each year , the U.S. gives out only 5,000 visas for low skilled workers , even though these are the people most desperate to immigrate , because of the way “ free trade ” policies have destroyed their homelands ’ economies .
This is why people come without authorization :
They were never allowed into the line in the first place .
Both main political parties have recently suggested major changes to the corporation , with Jeremy Hunt , the shadow culture secretary , advocating the eventual abolition of the BBC Trust .
Ben Bradshaw , the Culture Secretary , has questioned the future of the licence fee .
The review will say that the corporation must focus more sharply on its core public service remit .
It will identify five areas in which the corporation should excel : news ; children ’s programmes ; educational , musical and cultural programmes ; British - made drama ; and comedy and national events .
The state of Virginia this past weekend used the weakness of motorists to solve the state ’s $ 2.2 billion budget deficit .
According to reports , Virginia ’s revenue - pumping ticket blitz resulted in an outstanding 7,016 traffic tickets this past weekend .
Apparently , tax dollars helped fund Virginia ’s budget - fixing move with overtime for the state troopers being paid via a federal grant .
Of the 7,016 traffic tickets , 3,536 were speeding tickets .
Most troopers issued 717 citations for reckless driving , “ judgment call ” ticket that can be handed out for speeding as little as 10 or 15 mph over the speed limit .
The ticket comes with a eye - popping fine of as much as $ 2,500 .
Speaking about the two day ticketing spree , Colonel W. Steven Flaherty of Virginia State Police said that “ it is discouraging to see so many motorists on our interstates putting themselves and others at risk by failing to comply with speed limits , to buckle up , and to drive sober . ”
On a side note , Virginia ’s road fatalities are down 20 percent this year alone .
– By : Stephen Calogera
Source : Newspaper.com ( via Truth About Cars , AutoObserver )
Mr Ben -Artzi said his brother - in - law should learn from previous PMs Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has distanced himself from his brother - in - law 's description of US President Barack Obama as anti-Semitic .
He said he " strenuously " objected to Hagai Ben-Artzi 's comment and expressed his " deep appreciation " for Mr Obama 's commitment to Israel 's security .
Mr Ben -Artzi was responding to US criticism of Israeli approval of plans for 1,600 new homes in East Jerusalem .
Later , Mr Obama said the decision had not been helpful to the peace process .
But despite the disagreement , he told Fox News that there was no crisis in US - Israeli relations and that the two countries had a special bond that was not going to go away .
" Friends are going to disagree sometimes , " he added .
On Sunday , a top aide to Mr Obama called Israel 's announcement " calculated " , " destructive " to peace efforts and an " insult " to the US .
Both sides had just agreed to hold indirect " proximity talks " to revive the peace process , which has been stalled for more than a year .
' Difficult situation '
In an interview with Israel Army Radio , Mr Ben - Artzi said his brother - in - law should learn from previous Israeli prime ministers .
" Once the Americans tried to intervene in anything related to Jerusalem we told them one simple word : ' No ' , " he explained .
As a politician running for presidency he had to hide it , but it comes out every time and I think we just have to say it plainly - there is an anti-Semitic president in America
Hagai Ben-Artzi
In the shadow of a settlement An Israeli settlement in close - up Israel and US : A bruised friendship Mr Obama , he added , not only disliked Mr Netanyahu personally , but " dislikes the people of Israel " .
" For 20 years , Obama sat with Reverend Jeremiah Wright , who is anti-Semitic , anti-Israeli , and anti-Jewish . "
He said it was clear Mr Obama agreed with Rev Wright because he had remained a member of his congregation .
" Think about it .
If you had heard of someone who for 20 years sat in church and heard anti-Semitic sermons and did n't get up to leave after two weeks , would n't you think he identifies with it ? " he asked .
" As a politician running for presidency he had to hide it , but it comes out every time and I think we just have to say it plainly - there is an anti-Semitic president in America , " he said .
" Unfortunately this creates a difficult situation for Israel , but we will never give up our deepest interests - Jerusalem and our ties with it . "
Mr Obama broke with Rev Wright 's Trinity United Church of Christ in 2008 Mr Obama broke with the Trinity United Church of Christ in 2008 after some of Rev Wright 's controversial sermons emerged on the internet .
In one , he said the 9/11 attacks were an example of " America 's chickens coming home to roost " .
" I have a deep appreciation for President Obama 's commitment to Israel 's security , which he has expressed many times , " Mr Netanyahu said in a statement afterwards .
But despite the rebuke from his sister 's husband , Mr Ben - Artzi repeated his criticism of Mr Obama in a later interview with Israel 's Channel 2 television .
The Palestinian Authority has refused to resume direct talks with Israel because of its refusal to put a stop to the expansion of settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
In November , Israel announced a 10 - month suspension of new building in the West Bank , under heavy US pressure .
But it considers areas within the Jerusalem municipality as its territory and thus not subject to the restrictions .
Close to 500,000 Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
They are illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
POINTS OF TENSION IN JERUSALEM 1 Gilo : 850 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Nov 2009 2 Pisgat Zeev : 600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Jan 2010 3 Sheikh Jarrah : Several Palestinian families evicted in past 18 months to make way for Jewish settlers after court ruled in ownership dispute 4 Ramat Shlomo : 1,600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Mar 2010 5 Silwan : Demolition orders on 88 Palestinian homes built without difficult - to - get permits - Israel planning controversial renewal project 6 .
West Bank barrier : Making Palestinian movement between West Bank and Jerusalem harder - Israel says it 's for security
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' Ladies and gentlemen , on your left you will see an erupting volcano ' :
The stunning sight Caribbean holidaymakers saw from plane
As in - flight entertainment goes , this certainly beats watching the latest Hollywood flop on a ten - inch screen .
Passengers flying off on a Caribbean holiday were stunned when they spotted the dome of the volcano collapse , sending a huge plume of ash skyward on February 11 this year .
The explosion of the Soufriere Hills volcano , on the island of Montserrat , sent ash bellowing up to 40,000ft .
The spectacle was spotted by the pilot of a plane travelling to the island of St Lucia .
He immediately alerted his passengers who dashed to the side of the 737 jet to catch a glimpse .
Front - row seat : A photo taken by a passenger from the window of her holiday jet shows the Soufriere Hills volcano erupting on the island of Montserrat in the Caribbean
The mushroom - shaped cloud went so high that it even caused some flights to nearby islands to be delayed because of the danger of ash getting into the engines .
Since then the volcano has been quiet - making the view for passengers on the plane all the more astonishing .
Hairdresser Mary Jo Penkala , who was flying with her partner Barry Steinfeld , grabbed her camera as soon as she saw the ash cloud .
Ms Penkala , 49 , said : ' We were up in the air and I noticed an unusual cloud formation above the regular lower clouds you see when you are flying at a high altitude .
' The formation of the clouds looked very odd and I could see it was coming from an island .
Watch out :
The eruption sent ash up to 40,000 ft into the sky
' I could see bursts of cloud that seemed to be forming layers so I grabbed a camera and started taking pictures .
' I had no idea what it was until the pilot told us all to look out of the window on the left of the plane because there was a volcano going off on the island of Montserrat .
' He said he had been watching for a long time since it had started . '
Holiday snaps : Mary Jo Penkala on her holiday after the memorable flight
Ms Penkala , from Calgary , Canada , said the 737 plane 's passengers , who were flying from Toronto , rushed to the side of the aircraft to grab a view of the spectacular sight .
She said because she was sitting on the left , passengers from the other side passed their cameras to her so she could grab some snaps .
She added : ' When we arrived at our resort in St Lucia everyone was talking about the volcano .
' We heard that some flights to the island had been delayed because the volcanic ash in the air was dangerous for the engines of the plane .
' Everyone who has seen the picture has been amazed .
We were so lucky to see the volcano in all its glory .
' It was certainly an interesting start to our vacation . '
The huge cloud of ash is thought to have been caused by the partial collapse of the volcano 's lava dome .
After a long period of dormancy , the Soufriere Hills volcano became active in 1995 , and has continued to erupt ever since .
Its eruptions have in the past rendered more than half of Montserrat uninhabitable , destroyed the capital city , Plymouth , and caused widespread evacuations .
In June 1982 British Airways Flight 9 flew into a cloud of volcanic ash thrown up by the eruption of Mount Galunggung , in Indonesia , resulting in the failure of all four engines .
The Boeing 747 , flying from London , was forced to glide as it fell 23,000 feet without power and some passengers wrote last notes to loved ones believing they would die .
Space view : La Soufrière erupting , seen from space
Captain Eric
Moody made an announcement to the passengers that has since been described as ' a masterpiece of understatement ' .
He said : ' Ladies and Gentlemen , this is your Captain speaking .
We have a small problem .
' All four engines have stopped .
We are doing our damnedest to get them under control .
' I trust you are not in too much distress . '
Incredibly , after 12 minutes with no power the aircraft exited the ash cloud and all engines were restarted , allowing the aircraft to land safely .
By BosNewsLife Middle East Service
TEHRAN , IRAN ( BosNewsLife ) –
The detained Assyrian pastor of an evangelical church in Iran has been tortured and told he may be executed for converting Muslims to Christianity and related charges , his wife and Christians with close knowledge about his situation said .
State Security agents detained Reverend Wilson Issavi , 65 , of the Evangelical Church of Karmanshah on February 2 in a friend ’s home in the city of Isfahan , some 340 kilometers ( 212 miles ) south of the capital Tehran , reported the Farsi Christian News Network ( FCNN ) which has close contacts with Iranian Christians .
The pastors ’ wife , Medline Nazanin , said in published remarks that he had “ visible marks of torture ” when she visited him in prison .
Her claims could not immediately be verified , but several rights groups and former Iranian prisoners have complained about abuses in detention centers .
Iranian officials are not known to have commented on the case .
“ DEATH SENTENCE ”
She was reportedly told by prison authorities that her husband is accused of “ performing baptism ” and “ converting Muslims to Christianity ” and is “ awaiting his trial and his death sentence ” .
His detention came as news emerged that on February 28 , security forces also raided the house of Hamid Shafiee and his wife , Reyhaneh Aghajari , two of Isfahan ’s known house - church leaders .
The couple was arrested and taken to an unknown location and a number of their personal belongings including books and compact disks were seized by the agents , Christians said .
In recent few months under government ’s pressure the Assemblies of God Church had to stop Friday evening meetings and the Assyrian Pentecostal church of ‘ Shahre - Ara ’ in Tehran was forced to close its doors , according to church groups familiar with these cases .
EVANGELICAL CHRISTIANS
Other evangelical oriented Christians have also been detained in recent weeks in the Isfahan area and other towns and cities , reported International Christian Concern , one of several rights organizations investigating the plight of Christians in Iran .
Under Iran ’s strict interpretation of Islam , “ apostasy ” can carry a death penalty and at least a long prison term .
Church organizations say authorities are cracking down on devoted Christians in Iran , especially targeting those converting from Islam to Christianity .
( With reporting by BosNewsLife ’s Stefan J. Bos ) .
CAMBRIDGE -
It took more than 10 years , but the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ’s famed Media Lab has finally moved into its new digs .
The gleaming aluminum structure on Amherst Street in Cambridge officially opened yesterday .
Media Lab director Frank Moss said its large central atrium and glass - enclosed laboratories are ideal spaces for the lab ’s collaborative research projects .
“ It delivers on the vision of a unique way of doing research , ’’ Moss said .
“ No boundaries , no walls , a flow of interdisciplinary ideas , and plenty of space to build and invent . ’’
The new lab ’s Pritzker Prize - winning architect , Fumihiko Maki , called it “ one of the best buildings we ever produced in my long career , both in Japan and in the United States . ’’
The plans for the new Media Lab were announced in 1999 , as part of a major building campaign for the MIT campus .
The most famous of the new buildings , a computer science center designed by renowned architect Frank Gehry , was completed in 2004 .
But Maki ’s plans for the Media Lab were put in a drawer after the Internet boom of the late - 1990s faded and corporate financing for the project dwindled .
Construction of the $ 90 million , 163,000 - square - foot building finally began in July 2007 .
Alan Steinberg , project executive for the building ’s general contractor , Bond Brothers of Everett , said it generally takes about 18 months to build a standard office building of that size .
But the new Media Lab is far from standard .
“ It ’s a lot of intricacies , a lot of parts and pieces , ’’ Steinberg said .
For instance , Maki insisted on using custom - designed doorframes .
His design includes dozens of electric winches mounted in the ceilings , each capable of lifting up to 1,000 pounds .
This lets MIT researchers lift and suspend a wide variety of devices .
But it required the use of extra steel girders to support the additional weight .
Meanwhile , the building ’s aluminum - clad exterior had to be painted a special shade of gray formulated by Maki himself .
“ You ca n’t get this at Home Depot , ’’ Steinberg said .
Founded in 1985 by MIT architecture professor Nicholas Negroponte and former MIT president Jerome Wiesner , the Media Lab was originally housed next door to the new building , in a structure designed by another famous architect , I.M. Pei .
The lab applies digital technologies to everyday problems in communications , media , and the arts .
Sixty corporate sponsors fund Media Lab research , which the companies can apply to their products and services .
The lab ’s research is incorporated into a number of popular products , including music - based video games like Guitar Hero and Rock Band and electronic book readers like Amazon.com 's Kindle .
The building ’s seven laboratories are already bustling with activity .
A team led by composer Tod Machover was preparing a vast high - tech chandelier for the September premiere in Monaco of Machover ’s new opera , “ Death and the Powers , ’’ about a man who uploads his consciousness into a machine .
In another lab , researchers William Lark , Ryan Chin , and Michael Lin showed off their efforts to design a two - passenger electric car that can be folded to half its normal size when parked .
Doctoral candidate Grant Elliott demonstrated research in “ biomechatronics , ’’ advanced prosthetic devices that use digital technology to help amputees walk normally and with less effort .
The Media Lab wo n’t have the building to itself .
Although the Media Lab is the lead tenant , MIT ’s school of architecture will share the facility .
But Media Lab researchers will still have lots of space .
They ’ll retain access to their original 121,000 - square - foot building , which has been neatly grafted onto the new structure .
Hiawatha Bray can be reached at bray@globe.com .
Correction :
The original version of this article attributed the wrong honor to architect Fumihiko Maki .
He won the Pritzker Architecture Prize .
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company .
Last week 's New Technologies and Interdisciplinary Research on Religion was a fascinating collection of work in this area .
Historians , data visualizationists , linguists , sociologists , economists , etc. presented on a wide range of topics which really worked well together .
You can find our presentation here
Taking a closer look at Europe , there is a fascinating split between Orthodox Eastern Europe , Protestant Germany , and Catholic everywhere else .
In places such as the UK that contain more Protestants than Catholics it is likely that people are n't using the actual term " Protestant " as a signifier of their religion .
Too combat this issue of Protestantism being an overly general term that few people associated with , we also looked at a broader range of terms related to Christian denominations in the US and discovered patterns that are incredibly clear .
Catholics are most visible in much of the Northeast and Canada , with Lutherans taking the Midwest , Baptists the Southeast , and Mormons unsurprisingly taking much of the mountain states .
Methodists , interestingly , seem to primarily be most visible in a thin red line between the Southern Baptists and everyone else .
The obvious ( and farcical question ) is against whom are they forming a defensive barrier ?
Our readers might also be interested in the fact that there are parts of the country in which the Amish are most visible in religious cyberspaces : a somewhat surprising finding given the fact that they are not supposed to be using contemporary technology - let alone be annotating Google placemarks .
So after the last week of alcohol and drug related postings I guess you can say that we 've found religion !
Hallelujah !
And returning to our earlier analysis of the cyberscapes of religion , the following three maps take a more fine grained look at representations of Christianity on the internet .
The first map displays references to four types of Christianity ( Catholic , Orthodox , Pentecostal and Protestant ) at a global scale .
Vivid patterns are visible on this map .
References to " Catholic " dominate in many places .
Of course , those who are making placemarks may be more likely to refer to a specific Protestant denomination ( e.g. , Methodist , Baptist , etc. ) which would serve to overstate the level of Catholicism .
However , there are clear clusters of the three other types of Christianity .
Most interesting is the fact that references to " Pentecostal " are more visible than references to " Catholic " in most parts of Brazil ( and large parts of South America ) despite the fact that almost three - quarters of Brazilians identify as being Catholics .
Part of the issue is likely down to the fact that we thus far have confined our searches to English - language terms and are therefore missing out on all the references to Catholicism in Spanish .
However , it is intriguing that Pentecostalism is so visible in Brazil ( perhaps because it is rapidly growing in popularity in the region ) .
64 shares Facebook 62
Pinterest 2
Email
A few years back , I used to work in a small bank and I remember a customer who owned a lawn - care company who seemed to be in there everyday .
He was bad with a checkbook at best .
He bounced checks left and right and I still remember my boss bragging about how much money he had made off that guy .
Over a thousand dollars in a year – all in overdraft fees .
Something just did n’t seem right .
Clearly the customer needed to get a little bit more organized with his finances , but it seemed like the bank should have taken a different approach …
New Federal Regulation on Bank Overdraft Fees
Recently Consumer Reports released an article discussing the new Federal law pertaining to banks and their overdraft services .
Not sure if the motivation for the new regulation was customers like the one above , but I think it is probably a good thing .
Believe it or not , that $ 35 fee that the bank charges you when you overdraw your account is actually a “ service ” that your bank is offering you .
They care so much about your well being that they want you to be able to buy that Snickers bar without being told that you do n’t have the money in your account . 😉
And then they charge you $ 35 when you spend 50 cents more than you have in your account .
Starting this summer ( July 1st for new cards and August 15th for existing accounts ) customers will have to opt-in to get overdraft protection on their account .
So rather than getting charged $ 35 for that Snickers bar , your card will be declined .
Some people will still prefer not to have their card declined , but you can bet that people are going to save a lot of money ( and banks will lose a lot of money ) without the automatic opt - in that many banks currently have .
How to cut your Overdraft fees now
If you do n’t want to wait around until the Federal regulations kick in , you can try to see if your bank will allow you to opt out now .
Some will allow it .
But even if they do n’t check to see if they have an overdraft program that pulls from a savings account instead .
For my offline checking account , our checking is linked to our savings .
So if we do go over , it automatically moves money from our savings .
It is n’t free – they charge $ 2 each time , but that sure beats the $ 35 overdraft fee .
An even better way to minimize Debit - Card Overdraft fees
We use ING Direct as our primary checking and savings account ( and budgeting system ) and one of the reasons I love ING so much is that they do n’t have overdraft fees on their checking account .
You can go below zero and they charge you interest ( just like a temporary loan ) on any balance below $ 0 .
So if we happen to go below zero for a day or two and then transfer the money over it costs us about 20 cents – as opposed to $ 2 or even $ 35 .
Not a bad deal at all …
Finding A Bank Without Overdraft Fees
Bank of America is very sneaky with overdraft fee charges .
For example , recently my account was low on funds , but I knew how much I had in my account that day since I had just checked it online .
Then I went to work that day and used my debit card for a few different transactions .
The next day I logged on to my B of A online site and found five negative transactions .
I ’m not sure if I was more shocked or confused .
What happened to the money in my account the day before ?
Apparently , Bank of America had cleared a check I had written a week before but their system never bothered to display this as a debit / withdrawal from my account .
So now I owe multiple $ 35 NSF fees for small charges for things like a $ 2 cup of coffee and my $ 3.75 fast food lunch is now as expensive as a high priced steak dinner .
I also bought a pack of gum and now each time I take one of the ten pieces I feel like I ’m chewing on $ 3.50 for each stick .
I know it ’s my own fault for not keeping track of my account , but I ’ve become so dependent on the convenience of my online account that I feel like these fees are unfair .
This is very deceptive .
The truth is all NSF fees are preventable .
People who overdraft their accounts on a regular basis are typically those who are not keeping accurate track of their balance .
You do n’t want to learn the hard way , like I did , to never fully depend on the online balance .
The large banks tend to charge the highest overdraft fees .
Over the past year there has been a lot of talk about consumer protection and banking regulations .
With the new overdraft fee laws hopefully things will get better .
But you never know how else they might charge you .
The Big banks
Bank of America is one of the most popular banks around , but has one of the highest overdraft fees .
They charge $ 35 per transaction and will take up to 10 overdrafts per day .
On top of that they charge another $ 35 if your account has been in overdraft for 5 consecutive business days .
So if you make a mistake like me and buy a cup of coffee , then a burger later , and a pack of gum at the mini mart , then you could be in the hole $ 105 , three transactions $ 35 each .
This can add up quick if you ’re out and continue to use your check card .
Recently they have changed their policy to only charge $ 10 overdraft fee for each transactions that is under $ 5 overdrawn , but only on the first day over .
US Bank has a tiered overdraft fee system .
They charge $ 19 per item on your first occasion , $ 35 per item on multiple occasions up to four , and above five occasions they charge $ 37.50 per item .
More sophisticated , but not much better for your wallet .
On top of that , they charge $ 8 per day , starting on the 4th calendar day your account is in overdraft .
Wells Fargo has the same overdraft fee structure as Bank of America .
They also charge $ 35 per item , up to 10 per day and charge another fee of $ 5 per day starting on the 4th day your account is in overdraft .
The big online banks are not much different .
FNBO charges $ 30 with a maximum of six per day and $ 3 daily overdraft fee .
HSBC Direct charges $ 35 , but does n’t have an extended overdraft fee .
Local banks also have some of the lowest overdraft fees .
Most of them do n’t have extended overdraft fee and some will only charge you a small onetime fee .
Finding the Lowest Overdraft Fees
The lowest overdraft fees in our area are usually with the local credit union , they tend to charge the lowest fees .
This actually surprised me , since I recall the fees used to be much higher .
Capital One 360
The bank without an overdraft fee
But hands down , Capital One 360 is the best when it comes to overdraft fees .
They do n’t really have them .
They do make money when you go beyond the money in your account , but it works different and saves you a lot of money .
Instead of charging you $ 35 when you overdraw your account ( like every other bank ) they just let your account go below $ 0 and charge you about 11 % interest until you bring the balance back above $ 0 .
So the end result is that if you get the account back above $ 0 within a few days , you end up paying about 35 cents instead of $ 35 dollars !
Obviously if you run a negative balance for months at a time it could get expensive , but if you rectify your negative balance quickly it will cost you next to nothing .
Capital
One 360 also offers high interest on many of their accounts including the smallest accounts , so that ’s also a bonus .
WASHINGTON : As Barack Obama prepares to travel to Indonesia , his administration is seeking to reverse a 12 - year - old ban on training an elite unit of the Indonesian military whose members have been convicted of beatings , kidnappings and other abuses .
And in further evidence of a new US approach in South - East Asia , the administration has begun an aggressive campaign to try to persuade the Burmese junta to stop buying North Korean military technology .
The administration is floating a plan to test a training program for younger members of the Indonesian Komando Pasukan Khusus , or Kopassus .
Four members of the force , including its commanding general , Major - General Lodewijk Paulus , are in Washington to discuss the proposal , several sources said .
'' The details are still being worked out , '' a spokesman for the Indonesian embassy said .
The Obama administration 's move reflects a desire to improve ties with Indonesia and South - East Asian countries as part of its efforts to counter China 's rise .
......... somewhere there is a proud father
Time is the strangest substance known to man .
You can't see , touch , hear , smell , taste or avoid it .
Time makes you stronger - minded but weaker - bodied , gradually transforming you from blushing grape to ornery , grouching raisin .
Time is the most precious thing you have , yet you 're happiest when you 're wasting it .
Time will outlive you , your offspring , your offspring 's robots and your offspring 's robots ' springs .
It will outlive the wind and the rocks , the sun and the moon , Florence and the Machine .
Time , in short , is King of Things .
Because time is invisible , it 's hard to work out which bit to focus on at any given moment .
It 's even hard to work out just how long " any given moment " is .
Right now , as you 're reading this article , are you absorbing it by the paragraph , by the sentence , or on a word - by - word basis ?
When I type the word " word " , does time temporarily slow down while you hear the word " word " spoken aloud in your mind , or have you already leapt ahead to discover the end of the sentence does n't sense quite make ?
How big a " timeslice " can your awareness eat in one go ?
The more time you swallow in one sitting , the wiser you become .
In Kurt Vonnegut 's Slaughterhouse Five , we 're introduced to the Tralfamadorians , an alien race who can see in four dimensions .
They experience life not as a linear sequence of unexpected events , but a timeline of inexorable peaks and troughs , occurring simultaneously .
Tralfamadorians are n't upset by tragic events or overjoyed at happy events , because the concept of " events " has no meaning ; to them , sunrise , sunset , birth , death , peace , war are all just notches on the same stick .
When confronted with tragedy , they merely shrug and say , " So it goes . "
That 's why there 's never been a Tralfamadorian on EastEnders .
Anyway , while most people do n't perceive life with the worrisome scope of a Tralfamadorian , they 're capable of projecting at least a little .
Take joggers .
They were n't born with a pre-programmed desire to jog .
No .
One day they decided they'd like to get fit , and chose to sacrifice their immediate comfort in favour of delayed gratification : they got off the sofa and jogged themselves slim .
Every jogger is essentially a clairvoyant .
They 've transcended the shackles of contemporary subsistence and risen above the likes of you and me , to witness a vision of the future so captivating it blocks out the pain of the present , so enticing , they 're literally compelled to run towards it .
Not only that , they 've been organised enough to buy proper trainers and shorts and everything , the smug bastards .
No wonder everyone else wants to hit them .
Here 's a tip : visualise a future in which you 've toned yourself to athletic perfection by fighting random joggers in the park .
Here 's another tip : wear some sort of mask .
And maybe a cape .
We 'll come up with a logo for your chest plate later .
Joggers are a minority , but then exercisers generally are a minority .
Even though we 're repeatedly told that regular exercise combats heart disease and cancer and blah blah nag nag nag , more than 60 % of the population could n't be arsed trying , because it makes their legs ache .
They 're not necessarily lazy , but suffering from an inability to perceive the future as a solid and tangible thing , unlike those far - sighted seers in running shoes and sweat pants .
Perhaps joggers have a few additional Tralfamadorian synapses ; only by experimenting on their brains can we be sure .
Meanwhile , the rest of us remain stubbornly wedged into narrow individual pockets of time , moaning that we need to lose a few pounds while sobbing into our chips .
And we do the same with the environment : we fail to take painful measures in the present that could ease our existence in the future , because we think they 're too arduous – unless you 're a spluttering contrarian , in which case you think the whole climate change thing is a load of trumped - up phooey anyway , and that all scientists are shifty , self - serving exaggerators , apart from the brave handful who agree with you .
Hey , I 'm no scientist .
I 'm not an engineer either , but if I asked 100 engineers whether it was safe to cross a bridge , and 99 said no , I 'd probably try to find another way over the ravine rather than loudly siding with the underdog and arguing about what constitutes a consensus while trundling across in my Hummer .
Still , it 's easy to picture a collapsing bridge .
Picturing a collapsing environment is trickier .
Hollywood has tried its best , but all I learned from sitting through The Day After Tomorrow is that , contrary to my previous expectations , the end of the world might be boring .
What we need , if we 're really going to work in unison to overcome climate change is a mix of Tralfamadorian perspective and joggers ' resolve : to let visions of the future dictate our present , rather than the other way round .
So : we need to loosen mankind 's dogged grip on a linear interpretation of time if we 're going to save the planet .
But how ?
We can't go round injecting our brains with Tralfamadorian grey matter , because it does n't exist .
Instead the closest thing we have is LSD , which must be pumped into the water supply as a matter of urgency .
A couple of months of steady supply should be enough to expand our collective perception .
Let 's start by testing it out on Stourbridge ( no reason ; just picked it at random : sorry Stourbridge ) .
The results can be televised live .
It 'll be funny watching them trying to eat their own ankles or chase the town hall into the sky : just like It 's a Knockout , but with a sense of civic purpose .
Yes .
For all our sakes , this must happen NOW .
David Cameron offering ' more for less ' in Llandudno
David Cameron argued to delegates in Llandudno that money can be spent more efficiently
Conservative leader David Cameron has attacked Labour 's record in office when he spoke at his party 's Welsh conference in Llandudno .
He said the country faced a " monster " debt and could not afford another five years of Gordon Brown .
Mr Cameron said people knew his party had the " grit and the guts " to cut public spending and sort the problem .
The Tory leader argued reforming public services and cutting waste would allow them to " deliver more for less " .
He said the challenge was to " make things better " without it costing more money , something that businesses up and down the country delivered to their customers every year .
This is the last Conservative conference before the general election .
Party leaders say there is no concern in their camp despite recent polls suggesting that their lead over Labour has narrowed .
The Shadow Secretary of State for Wales , Cheryl Gillan , said the party was still " in the running " and argued that the polls had been steady over the last 12 months .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
In his speech , Mr Cameron criticised Labour 's spending saying that it could not continue but he also argued that money can be spent more efficiently , and government be more local and more transparent .
Mr Cameron told the conference : " The question today is this : how do we make things better without just spending money ?
" This is the question that will define British politics for the years to come .
In answering how we can make things better without just spending money , we need to deliver more for less .
" Let me make clear : we are not offering a simple efficiency drive .
What we propose is something entirely different - something so bold and radical I would call it a whole new type of government .
" We 're going to shape government in a way it has never existed before so we use our instincts as Conservatives , our understanding of how people and communities really work and the latest technology to deliver more for less .
"
He also told delegates that a future Tory government will reform public services , where there was " death by a thousand tick boxes " .
" We 'll also smash open the state monopoly and open the door to charities and private companies who can play a part in the public sector .
And we 'll pay them all by the results they achieve . "
' Tory pound ' Mr Cameron also said waste , bureaucracy and a " spendaholic culture " had to be tackled , giving examples of one department spending £ 12,000 on branded golf balls and another on a massage room and contemplation suite .
" Conservatives loathe waste .
Efficiency is in our DNA .
We never forget that fundamental fact about public money , which is that it 's public . "
" I do n't think people quite get how radical we propose to be , " he added .
" The next Conservative government will be the first genuinely post - bureaucratic government in the world . "
Despite recent polls showing a narrowing of the gap between the Conservatives and Labour , the party hopes it can use this conference to rally the troops ahead of the general election .
Mr Cameron also said the party 's message was a positive one .
" I defy anyone to call our plans of changing the way government works timid .
They are bold and they will make a massive difference . "
Earlier in the speech , echoing the party 's election slogan , Vote for Change , he said that Wales needed to see a change at Westminster even more than " anywhere else in Britain " .
He criticised Welsh Secretary Peter Hain for comparing Wales with Rwanda .
" I 've been to Rwanda and it 's a beautiful place .
But what does it say about this government - and these ministers - when they compare Wales to the 17th poorest country on the planet ? " he said .
" When the scale of their ambitions for Wales do not seem to go beyond a country that in the last 20 years has been ravaged by war and genocide ? "
He claimed that Wales had been " let down " by Labour and that there was now " not just a border " separating Wales and the rest of the UK but " a prosperity gap . "
Mr Cameron added : " There is only one word for what Labour have done in Wales this last decade : Failure . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Zahir Ebrahim
Some may rationally ponder that how is it , that such a long running global conspiracy for world government as outlined in Project Humanbeingsfirst 's report “ The Enduring Capitalist Conspiracy for World Government ” , can be kept alive across centuries and across geographies .
This brief paper examines that question .
Noam Chomsky had once observed an insightful nature of such “ conspiracies ” , as the open shared natural goals stemming from the very nature of its definition , which could therefore , no more be termed a conspiracy than both GM and Ford endeavoring to maximize their profits at all cost be termed a ' global corporate conspiracy ' .
I have always added to that , the equally un-remarkable observation that a hungry lion anywhere in the world pouncing upon a lamb is similarly no global conspiracy by the world 's lions to eat up all the lambs on the planet .
That is just the nature of the bestial predators when its “ might defines right ” .
The higher cerebral concepts of “ right ” , “ wrong ” , “ moral ” , immoral ” , etc. , do not even exist among any primal predators , for these only behave according to their nature .
Pious platitudes , if they could be argued by the lion or the snake for instance , would in fact only be disseminated to the lambs and the mice to make them an even easier morsel to acquire !
The only thing that occasionally deters such exercise of primacy is a collective natural response like the one observed in the “ Battle at Kruger ” park .
Indeed , the quest for the holy grail of extracting voluntary servitude from the masses of mankind is the key idea of cultivating a willingly compliant public in order for the illuminated ones becoming their stewards for life .
In Bertrand Russell 's ' timeless characterization , to extract voluntary servitude such that : “ a revolt of the plebs will become as unthinkable as an organised insurrection of sheep against the practice of eating mutton . ”
Thus we observe that from Plato to Nietzsche , from the philosopher - king to the ' ubermensch ' , all have argued the necessity of ruling upon the sheepish masses as the ' divine ' imperative of the “ enlightened ones ” .
Indeed , Zbigniew Brzezinski even sub-titled his seminal book “ The Grand Chessboard ” with its egotistical subtitle “ American Primacy and Its Geostrategic Imperatives ” , merely extending that idea of ' ubermensch ' rule from the most “ enlightened ones ” , to the most powerful sole - superpower !
The same theme exists among the “ Chosen Peoples ” , to deem their primacy upon the goyem their inherent nature , their divine destiny .
The ' ubermensch ' are suckled these lessons in their mothers milk to acquire those imperatives across generations in perhaps the same way as the generations of corporate executives and CEOs who inherently know that they need to continually enhance the valuation of their company 's stock performance in a capitalist system .
So , when these ' divine ' ubermensch creatures who are beyond good and evil , behave in their primal predatory natural manner across time and space , across evolution or creation , are they being “ conspiratorial ” ?
In the Chomsky - Ebrahim nomenclature , perhaps not .
In the Ron Paul nomenclature , it is merely a shared “ Conspiracy of Ideas ” in which “ CFR exists , the Trilateral Commission exists ” , and that , it is only “ an ideological battle ” wherein :
“ some people believe in Globalism , and others of us believe in national sovereignty ; and there is a move on toward a North American Union just like early on there was a move on for a European Union and it eventually ended up .
...
These are real things , it 's not somebody made these up , it 's not a conspiracy , they do n't talk about it , and they might not admit about it , but there has been money spent on it ...
So it 's not so much a secretive conspiracy , it 's a contest between ideologies ; whether we believe in our institutions here , our national sovereignty , our Constitution , or are we going to further move in the direction of international government , more UN .
You know , this country goes to war under UN Resolutions .
I do n't like big government in Washington .
So I do n't like this trend towards international government ...
But it 's not so much it 's a sinister conspiracy , it 's just knowledge is out there , if we look for it , you 'll realize our national sovereignty is under threat ! ”
In the United States ' legalese nomenclature , breaking of a “ federal statute ” by at least two or more persons working in collusion ( and when caught ) , is defined as “ criminal conspiracy ” and “ federal crime ” .
According to the Columbia Encyclopedia , it is criminal whether or not Congress imposed criminal sanctions on the activity itself .
A conspiracy need only be proved by “ circumstantial evidence ” even “ if it violates the rules against hearsay evidence ” :
Conspiracy : “ in law , agreement of two or more persons to commit a criminal or otherwise unlawful act .
At common law , the crime of conspiracy was committed with the making of the agreement , but present - day statutes require an overt step by a conspirator to further the conspiracy .
Other controversial aspects of conspiracy laws include the modification of the rules of evidence and the potential for a dragnet .
A statement of a conspirator in furtherance of the conspiracy is admissible against all conspirators , even if the statement includes damaging references to another conspirator , and often even if it violates the rules against hearsay evidence .
The conspiracy can be proved by circumstantial evidence .
Any conspirator is guilty of any substantive crime committed by any other conspirator in furtherance of the enterprise .
It is a federal crime to conspire to commit any activity prohibited by federal statute , whether or not Congress imposed criminal sanctions on the activity itself . ”
According to such legalism , smart conspirators , if powerful enough , could affect the enaction of conducive federal statutes , or prevent the enaction of adverse ones , that would enable them to get away with many morally reprehensible systems and acts .
The Federal Reserve System for instance , falls into this category .
A legalized extortion racket to enslave the public in perpetual debt for the issue and supply of their own national currency .
Similarly , bootlegging is a federal crime one decade , a respectable business the next !
And internationally , it is the enaction of laws under WTO which defines what is criminal and what is n't – not the raping and harvesting of developing nations that goes on under its conspiratorial rubric !
Thus suffice it to say , the word “ conspiracy ” even has legal semantics , albeit rather limited .
It is limited because it is easy to circumvent an abhorrence and call it legal when the king makes the laws .
But the multitudinous connotations of this word do not stop there .
It also has a ' tin - hatted ' or ' kookish ' implication in furtherance of the devilish art of political science based state - craft .
This was indeed implied by Congressman Ron Paul in his afore - quoted speech when he stated regarding the North American Union : “ These are real things , it 's not somebody made these up , it 's not a conspiracy , ...
So it 's not so much a secretive conspiracy , ... ” .
In fact , some of the best cloaking devices have been invented by the most brilliant minds – here is one for instance from Ezra Pound : “ invent two lies and have the public keep arguing which one of them might be true ” .
Another is by Leo Strauss – the erudite teacher of the majority of the neo-cons – called “ Noble Lies ” .
A third by the White House , often referred to as “ plausible deniability ” , okay may be it was invented by the DIA , the grand - daddy of all intelligence agencies .
This thinly veiled euphemism for deception to protect the leadership if things go badly in covert - operations became public knowledge during the Iran - Contra scandal , the televised coverage of which had gripped the American nation for months , including myself .
What are these [ if not ] conspiracies , if not covert - operations ?
Thus if it is axiomatically asserted that there is no such thing as a real conspiracy theory , then that really works wonderfully in the interest of the cloak - makers because it makes one forget the perspectives of history .
And this complex Machiavellian deception game bears exposing fully : invent two or more lies , not just one , and keep the good hearted well meaning peoples in the “ populist democracy ” occupied debating which one of them might be true , for it would hardly matter what conclusions they reached .
And wherever they ended up , to perhaps yank one of the lies from underneath them by conclusively showing it to be false thus conveniently demonstrating a baseless “ conspiracy theory ” in order to keep that notion alive in the public imagination .
This consequently delegitimizes in the public mind serious researchers ' efforts in uncovering any covert - operation while its secrecy is of paramount necessity .
Afterwards , after faits accomplis , after statues of limitations expiring , it makes little difference if historians and con-fession artists make a pecuniary gain peddling what is inconsequential history to the newer evolving realpolitik du jour .
So many complex semantics for the simple term “ conspiracy theory ” – it 's not just mere nomenclature – that this overview of its usefulness to statecraft was necessary in order to situate anything with such a bombastic title as “ The Capitalist Conspiracy ” , in its proper social - political - legal - conspiratorial context .
And an equally insightful and rational response to this question of long enduring conspiracy for world domination , is added to the mix by G. Edward Griffin in the video below :
“ After a man has far more money than he possibly can spend for pleasures , what is left to excite him ?
For those with the ruling class mentality , the answer is power – raw power over other human beings .
Money can buy such power only to a point , beyond that , politics is the sport , and world politics is the ultimate game . ”
Thus Griffin aptly noted : “ The New World Order Is Not New ” .
It becomes a moot point what one might call this predatory behavior .
The undeniable fact remains that world - government has been a long historical passion of oligarchs !
It has been their enduring conspiracy for world government .
Finally , before we get on with watching the video :
The Capitalist Conspiracy , it is pertinent to reference the paper by Cass R. Sunstein of Harvard Law School , the man who is President Obama 's Information Czar in the White House , titled “ Conspiracy Theories ” .
This political science paper lends some insights into another aspect of statecraft : the lengths to which the hegemonic state will go in order to deflect attention from its primacy agenda .
The paper has to be read in its entirety in order to be appreciated for its brazen appeal to Machiavelli to keep the sheep in line .
[ The Capitalist Conspiracy video embedded ]
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6260646431723948415
Further Study References :
[ 1 ] http://print-humanbeingsfirst.blogspot.com/2008/09/capitalist-conspiracy-world-government.html
[ 2 ] http://print-humanbeingsfirst.blogspot.com/2008/10/monetary-reform-bibliography.html
[ 3 ]
http://print-humanbeingsfirst.blogspot.com/2009/04/some-dare-call-it-conspiracy-garyallen.html
[ 4 ]
http://print-humanbeingsfirst.blogspot.com/2009/12/brilliant-world-order-bedtime-story.html
-###-
By Zahir Ebrahim | Project Humanbeingsfirst.orgSource URL : http://print-humanbeingsfirst.blogspot.com/2010/03/anatomy-of-conspiracy-theory.html
You could , in a sense , write the script the moment news of Jon Venables ' " serious offence " leaked out .
Think murder on the moors .
Think Myra Hindley – and her doomed efforts to regain freedom .
Think grief - ravaged parents from long ago , and communities bent on implacable justice .
Think rampant press and quavering politicians , too .
But not , in fact , all the press – and no frontbench politician from any of the major parties .
The racketing row over our " right to know " what one of James Bulger 's 10 - year - old killers had done now he was 27 , and what he looks like today so we could hate him in person , was basically a case of tabloids against the rest .
" The chief enemy of British freedom at present is the British press , " declared Simon Jenkins in the Guardian .
He despised Jack Straw and Alan Johnson for " sating themselves " on cheap publicity .
He hated the Sun , Mirror and Daily Mail in " full outrage mode " .
He argued that " transparency that contributes to injustice , failed rehabilitation and even greater secrecy is bad transparency " .
And Sir Simon was not alone .
Brian Masters in the Telegraph , Terence Blacker in the Indy and a judicious leader writer at the Times all worked the same rich seam of distaste .
The ghost of Lord Longford , champion of a rehabilitated Myra , could almost be heard clapping from a passing cloud .
Yet this time another voice opened another front .
Hadley Freeman at the Guardian is a fashion expert turning into a terrific columnist .
And suddenly her laptop had been taken over by hundreds of Venables - related groups on Facebook , " all hysterically screaming about how he ' must be hung ' , ' should rot in prison 4 eva ' , should ' die , die , die ' " .
These " portals into a brave new world are becoming little more than on - screen versions of the most retro pockets of the old - school media " , complained Hadley .
Hang on to justice , she pleaded .
Do n't confuse it with " vigilante vengeance " .
But there is deeper confusion here .
For whatever liberal commentators think about the haunting aftermath of child murder , tabloid editors have always realised what grips their readers .
They have the previous day 's sales figures on their desk when they decide today 's lead story .
And the big question has always been , chicken or egg ?
Was this a press telling readers what to think – or a press responding to what readers thought already ?
That question begins to answer itself in a digital world .
The clicks of web readers choosing tales sends signals right around online newsrooms .
The BBC ( under attack from Simon Jenkins for ramping up the Venables saga ) can discover in a trice what turns viewers on .
Those hundreds of Venables sites that horrified Hadley sprouted spontaneously , not because someone at Bun HQ issued instructions .
We 're on the dark side now .
Some of the most innovative and fascinating work in the online news world surrounds the " mutualisation " of interest between readers and journalists , a profound rebalancing of relationships .
Once " we had the information and you did n't " , said the Guardian editor , Alan Rusbridger , in an eloquent Cudlipp lecture the other day .
But " that state is now in tension with a world in which many ... readers want to have the ability to make their own judgments , express their own priorities , create their own content , articulate their own views " .
Journalism , he said , might remain one source of authority – but not in " an inert context , one that can't be responded to and challenged " .
Here 's the rub , though , the Venables rub .
Suppose " authority " , from Jack Straw to the quality press , is getting challenged instantaneously .
Suppose readers of the Bun think themselves quite as good as readers of the Times .
Suppose we 're not finding convenient scapegoats – press or politicians – but talking about ourselves , our communities , our own visceral instincts .
Rot in prison 4 eva ?
Suppose I do n't want to have mutual Facebook friends ?
■ We ought to be nice to Facebook , too .
Turn to one paragraph on page 4 of the Mail .
" In an article by a criminologist on Tuesday we wrongly stated that he had conducted an experiment by posing as a 14 - year - old girl on Facebook with the result that he quickly attracted sexually motivated messages .
In fact he had used a quite different social networking site for this exercise .
We are happy to set this record straight . "
Well , happy or not , Facebook may get litigious .
But there 's one quick point to make .
The lead headline on page 1 of Tuesday 's Mail read " Facebook under fire " .
That story ran on to page 6 , facing five - sixths of page 7 devoted to a piece entitled " I posed as a girl of 14 on Facebook .
What followed will sicken you " .
Or at least mildly nauseate Mail editors who expect better fact - checking from the people they employ – and may covertly regret that the Press Complaints Commission code is n't tougher about the need for due , equivalent prominence when somebody makes a debacle out of a straightforward yarn .
Book
Abstract
This manuscript provides a brief introduction to mathematical methods in quantum mechanics ( spectral theory ) with applications to Schrödinger operators .
The first part covers mathematical foundations of quantum mechanics from self - adjointness , the spectral theorem , quantum dynamics ( including Stone 's and the RAGE theorem ) to perturbation theory for self - adjoint operators .
The second part starts with a detailed study of the free Schrödinger operator respectively position , momentum and angular momentum operators .
Then we develop Weyl - Titchmarsh theory for Sturm - Liouville operators and apply it to spherically symmetric problems , in particular to the hydrogen atom .
Next we investigate self - adjointness of atomic Schrödinger operators and their essential spectrum , in particular the HVZ theorem .
Finally we have a look at scattering theory and prove asymptotic completeness in the short range case .
MSC2000 : 81-01 , 81Qxx , 46-01 , 34Bxx , 47B25
Keywords : Schrödinger operators , quantum mechanics , unbounded operators , spectral theory .
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School .
His new book is " Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security : From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " published by Basic Books .
Zelizer writes widely about current events .
Princeton , New Jersey ( CNN ) --
After the Republicans and Democrats met at the White House summit on health care , it was clear that the parties are very far away from a bipartisan agreement .
Indeed , few participants walked away with the sense that they were any closer to a deal .
The White House did make clear that it was willing to move forward on health care without Republican support .
The choice now becomes whether Democrats should use the budget reconciliation process to pass some parts of health care legislation .
According to recent reports , Democrats are considering having the House pass the bill that was already approved in the Senate and then dealing with a package of additional reforms through reconciliation .
Programs that are considered under the reconciliation process are not subject to a Senate filibuster .
Democrats would only need 51 votes , not 60 , to pass those parts of the bill that are included under reconciliation .
Reconciliation was created through the Budget Reform
Act of 1974 in an effort to streamline the budget process , strengthen the ability of Congress to make tough decisions regarding deficits , and to make legislative decision - making more efficient .
Congress quickly expanded on the types of measures that could be considered under reconciliation until 1985 and 1986 , when the Senate passed rules proposed by Sen.
Robert Byrd that limited what could or could not be included when using this process .
Before moving forward , Democrats must consider two questions .
The first is whether using reconciliation to pass health care is legitimate or an abuse of the process .
Republicans have charged that this would be akin to forcing the program through the chamber rather than passing the bill through negotiation and compromise .
On this question , the answer is easy .
Reconciliation has been as much a part of the Senate in the past three decades as the filibuster .
According to an article that was published in The New Republic , Congress passed 22 reconciliation bills between 1980 and 2008 .
Many important policy changes were enacted through this process , including the Children 's Health Insurance Program , COBRA ( which allows people who switch jobs to keep their health care ) , student aid reform , expansions in Medicaid and several major tax cuts .
NPR 's Julie Rovner reported that most of the health care reforms enacted in the past two decades have gone through reconciliation .
President Ronald Reagan was one of the first presidents to make aggressive use of reconciliation when he pushed through his economic program in 1981 .
Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker said then that speed had been essential because " Every day that this is delayed makes it more difficult to pass .
This is an extraordinary proposal , and these are extraordinary times . "
Presidents Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush all used reconciliation as well .
It is worth noting that these presidents , particularly George W. Bush , also made use of sweeping executive power to circumvent Congress altogether .
The second question is more difficult and it involves perceptions .
If the Democratic leadership wants to use this tactic , they have to convince enough members of their own party that this wo n't scare off independent voters .
This argument was harder to make in 2009 than in 2010 .
But after a year of dealing with paralysis in the Senate and highly effective Republican obstruction , more Democrats are coming on board .
The leadership must be proactive in responding to the criticism about reconciliation .
They will have to explain that reconciliation is a legitimate process by pointing to the history .
They will also have to connect the dots for voters frustrated with the ineffective government by explaining that the constant use of the filibuster has turned the Senate into a supermajority institution where both parties have found it extraordinarily difficult -- virtually impossible -- to pass major legislation .
On this point , Republicans and Democrats actually agree .
Indeed , as Democrats make this decision , Kentucky Republican Senator Jim Bunning is objecting to a unanimous consent order and single - handedly preventing the Senate from passing an important bill to assist unemployed workers .
Democrats must also convince hesitant colleagues that the payoff could be greater than the cost .
While , in the short - term , Republicans will complain that their opponents have rammed through social policy in some sort of unnatural procedural move , Democrats are facing these kinds of intense attacks anyway .
Right now , Democrats are receiving the brunt of Republican attacks without being able to pass much legislation .
If they pass health care , they will be able to respond to the arguments of the GOP , not just by complaining that Republicans obstruct everything , but by pointing to specific benefits such as lowering premiums by expanding how many people purchase coverage and bringing tens of millions of Americans into the health care system .
In certain respects , the White House made the use of reconciliation more difficult by initially accepting the notion that 60 votes were needed to pass legislation through the Senate .
After the election of Sen. Scott Brown , R - Massachusetts , a decision to refocus on procedures that only depend on 51 votes makes it more vulnerable to the attacks of manipulating the process .
But in other respects , the administration now has a better political opportunity to use reconciliation .
After a year , the public has seen just how dysfunctional Senate procedures can be in an era when filibusters are common .
With a public that is frustrated by Washington , as the polls show , the Democrats might be able to persuade a sufficient number of their colleagues to go along .
If they do n't , one thing is for certain : Democrats will go into election day facing voters who are hearing all the complaints about their party but seeing very little in terms of what they can deliver on health care .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .
by Raul Singh on January 26 , 2010
I like to make lists .
Sometimes I make lists of heresies .
All heresies start with this precept : reality is different than dogma .
That ’s what makes them heretical ; they offend dogma .
If our leaders and fellow citizens tell us that something is true , and we point to a contrary example , we are heretics .
In a “ free ” society , the dogmatics are not so much our leaders as our salesmen : the people in big media , corporations and your neighborhood social group who want to convince you to do things their way .
We give extreme negative power to the wrong people in this society .
We reward the voice who shouts an epithet from the crowd , maybe “ Communist ” or “ racist ” or “ elitist , ” but never demand accountability for him .
As a result , we deprive people of the ability to build especially in the areas where we most need construction .
Intelligence is relative .
That means that people cannot understand an idea that requires more intelligence than they have in order to conceive of it .
This is why we can “ educate ” people in behaviors , but unless they understand the cause / effect relationship about why those behaviors are superior , they are simply mimicking the original .
Creating misery .
In a situation where objections stop change , no real change occurs , and so it treats us to dress up the same old stuff as new and then put some icing on it so the proles do n’t notice .
We ’re selling each other to death .
Our culture has gone from a mode of “ produce things ” to “ find ways to make other people like things . ”
We are now a culture of salesmen .
The rest of the world moves on , produces things , knowing that at some point we ’ll isolate ourselves and be selling each other the same stuff in a giant circle .
If you find yourself asking , “ Why is modern life such a drag ? ” consider this :
Appearance is more important than reality .
But that appearance needs to be positive in the sense of “ someone wants to buy it , ” but it can be ugly .
It can be cheap .
It can be crass .
And you ’ll have to drive past it every day .
When you assemble a large group of idiots , they buy idiot products — but no one except idiots from rich countries want to buy idiot products .
The rest of the world needs function and if our wealth fades , we will have nothing to market .
You must tolerate idiots .
It is heretical to suggest that idiots are , indeed , idiots and therefore should be removed from any functional process .
Instead , we need to include them so we all feel good .
It ’s good marketing .
“ Everyone here is happy , ” says the salesman .
“ We ’re a big happy family . ”
People who are not idiots get infected with the idiot virus brought on by having to sell things to idiots .
They pre-chew every idea , break it down into tiny bits , and then tell you with bright pink faces how these tiny bits are more important than getting the whole thing right .
Again with the salesman : “ But it slices and dices ! ” Yes , but does it work ?
How long will it last ?
Is there a better way ?
The essence of guilt is the idea of equality : I ’m just like you , how could you turn on me ?
Take that from a reaction to a forward action and you have passive aggression : I ’m just like you , I demand you do what I want !
Only a society of salesmen could come up with such a moronic idea .
In a society where the greatest number of people must agree something is a good idea , and most of them are unaware of consequences past the next paycheck , you ’re always going to get the short - sighted idea that hands everyone a bone while ignoring the real problem , which may take months or years to really stand up and slap us in the face .
Instead of going to either of the extremes — “ I ’ll do it their way ” or “ I ’ll do it my way ” at the expense of all else — just do it the reality way .
That is the ultimate heresy .
Idiots are idiots .
Marketing does not improve products .
Fast food restaurants , nail salons , record stores , head shops , convenience stores , cell phone places and charities are blight .
So is producing nothing but repackaging the mediocre and numbing everyone ’s brain by saturating them with marketing - speak .
Do you want blight ?
No ?
Then exclude these from your life .
Even if they tell you you ’re a heretic .
That ’s just a sign you ’re succeeding .
Tags : crowdism , passive aggression
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Confronted with signs that his plane was entering an aerodynamic stall , the pilot of Continental Flight 3407 pulled on the plane 's control column when he should have pushed -- a simple but inexplicable error that led to the death of 50 people , the National Transportation Safety Board ruled Tuesday evening .
The board 's ruling , coming a year after the crash near Buffalo , New York , is stark in its simplicity .
NTSB members say the accident laid bare a complex myriad of safety problems at the nation 's regional airlines and some that extend to major carriers .
Among the problems :
-- Airlines that do not adequately train pilots to handle stalls .
-- Pilots who engage in unnecessary conversations during takeoffs and landings .
-- Record - keeping systems that allow pilots to conceal failed tests .
-- Pilot fatigue .
The safety board issued more than 20 recommendations at the conclusion of the hearing .
" The tragedy in this report is that what we uncovered in this investigation , we already knew , " NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman said .
" If there 's one thing that we take away from this action , it 's that history repeats itself , " she said .
The accident plane , a Bombardier Dash 8 - Q400 , was owned by Colgan Air Inc. , but it was doing business as a Continental Connection flight when it crashed February 12 , 2009 , in Clarence Center , New York , about five miles short of its destination , Buffalo - Niagara International Airport .
The safety board said neither the pilot , Capt .
Marvin Renslow , nor the first officer , Rebecca Shaw , recognized that the plane was slowing down too quickly , nor did they react properly when the " stick shaker " -- a vibrating column that indicates the plane is entering a stall -- activated .
Renslow , the safety board said , reacted in a way " consistent with startle and confusion . "
He pulled on the column , exacerbating the situation and dooming the aircraft , the board said .
Likewise , Shaw did not " call out " the stall , nor did she push forcefully on the control column as she was trained .
" There was adequate time for either pilot to take action before the stick shaker ( warning ) , " the board staff said .
And there was time for them to take action when the stick shaker activated .
Twenty - seven seconds passed between the onset of the warning and the time flight data recorders stopped working , presumably upon impact .
Board members said the flight crew did not live up to the professional standards necessary for safe flight .
" It is apparent to me the captain kept a very casual and relaxed tone on the flight , " said board member Robert Sumwalt , who flew as an airline pilot for about 24 years .
Sumwalt said he was struck by the amount of conversation between the captain and first officer , saying was " almost continuous . "
" It was if the flight was just a means for the captain to conduct a conversation with this young first officer . "
By continuously conversing , the crew " squandered time and their attention " -- resources that should have been spent gaining awareness of their surroundings and preventing errors , Sumwalt said .
First officer
Shaw , meanwhile , sent out a text message on her cell phone five and a half minutes before takeoff , a violation of Federal Aviation Administration and airline policy , the board said .
" The crew did not perform in a way consistent with the training they received , " said Dr. Evan Byrne , a board investigator .
While much of the focus remained on the actions of the pilot and first officer in the minutes immediately before the crash , investigators also explored a wide range of factors that may have contributed to the crash , including the crew 's training , whether they engaged in extraneous discussions during critical phases of the flight , and their sleeping and commuting patterns .
Renslow commuted from Florida to his job in suburban New York , while Shaw commuted from the West Coast .
The board agreed the pilot and co-pilot were fatigued , but disagreed about whether the fatigue contributed to the accident , eventually voting 2 - 1 not to include it as a contributor .
But the board did recommend that the FAA and airlines take steps to address fatigue , including providing appropriate rest facilities for pilots .
Investigators ruled out mechanical problems , saying they found no evidence of pre-accident airframe , engine or system problems .
And while the plane was in icing conditions , ice was not a factor in the crash , they said .
More than 60 family members attended Tuesday 's NTSB meeting , many of them wearing photographs of their loved ones .
Jennifer
West , whose husband , Ernie , died in the crash , said knowing the cause of the crash is more difficult than not knowing .
" When it 's something that could have been prevented , and clearly it could have been prevented , that 's really a hard pill to swallow , " she said .
" And it could happen again because as we speak right now , there could be two inexperienced pilots in a cockpit , and you do n't even know . "
NTSB head Hersman criticized the FAA , saying many of the problems in the Colgan Air crash involved issues identified in previous crashed .
" Today is Groundhog Day and I feel here we are in that movie , " she said , referring to the Bill Murray movie in which events are repeated endlessly .
The FAA responded that it has " driven significant improvements " in the past year " in pilot professionalism , training , and background checks . "
It said it will soon publish proposed rules addressing pilot fatigue and further improve training .
Family member John Kausner , who wore a button with a picture of his daughter Elly , 24 , said the accident revealed to the public that there are two standards for commercial aviation -- one for the major airlines and a lesser standard for regional airlines .
" We were trying to buy a ticket that was most affordable , and unfortunately , we bought her demise , " Kausner said .
" We thought it was safe .
We 're finding out that it is getting less and less safe , specifically on the regional ( airlines ) .
There 's not one level of safety .
There 's two levels of training , two levels of susceptibility and that 's what we 're trying to change . "
Hersman said it was " disturbing to hear of the numerous times " the pilot failed proficiency tests .
After the accident , it was revealed that Renslow had failed three pilot tests , known as " check - rides , " before joining the airline , but had disclosed only one on job applications .
After that , he failed another two check - rides while at Colgan Air .
In August , Philip Trenary , president and CEO of Pinnacle Airlines , the parent company of Colgan Air , testified at a Senate hearing that while " a failure on a check - ride is not necessarily a reason for someone not to fly , it depends on what kind of failure it is . "
" The failures that we were unable to see were the basic fundamental failures that you would not want to have , " Trenary testified .
" Let me stress one thing , Captain Renslow was a fine man by all accounts , " Trenary said .
But he added , " Had we known what we know now , no , he would not have been in that seat . "
At the time of the accident , Renslow had 3,379 hours of flight experience -- 172 hours in the Bombardier Dash 8 - Q400 .
In Colgan 's submission to the NTSB , Colgan describes its hiring process as rigorous .
But , Colgan said , Renslow " was not truthful on his employment application . "
Renslow did not disclose two of the three proficiency checks he failed , Colgan said .
Tiny mozzarella balls are coated in a rosemary and garlic crust and deep fried to perfection .
Adapted from Tyler Florence Stirring the Pot
Ingredients The Mozz Balls : 1 pound mozzarella balls , or chop up mozz into cubes 2 Cups bread crumbs , homemade if possible 4 sprigs fresh rosemary , chopped 2 garlic cloved , diced 1/2 Cup all - purpose flour 2 eggs , beaten Oil for frying ( Canola or vegetable ) The Sauce : ( I adapted this because I could n't find any really stellar fresh tomatoes . )
1 15 ounce can fire roasted tomatoes 1/2 Medium onion , diced 1 - 2 garlic cloves , sliced 2 Tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 3 - 4 dried Arbol peppers or 1 Teaspoon red pepper flakes ( optional ) Kosher salt and fresh pepper
Show Directions
1 ) Heat olive oil over high heat in a large pan and saute your onions , garlic and peppers for a few minutes .
Be careful not to burn the garlic .
2 ) Let this mixture cool for a minute once the onions are soft and then add them to a food processor or blender with a pinch of salt and the tomatoes .
3 ) Toss a few piece of old bread in a 250 degree oven for 20 minutes then let them cool and crumble them up to make bread crumbs .
A food processor works well for this .
4 ) Mix chopped garlic and rosemary with the breadcrumbs and a pinch of salt and pepper .
5 ) Dip cheese in flour to dry it off , then egg mixture , and finally give it a breadcrumb coating .
6 ) Stick the cheese balls in the freezer to cool for at least 15 minutes .
7 ) Heat oil for frying to 350 degrees .
Fry cheese balls for about 2 minutes until they are a nice golden brown .
8 ) Serve the fried cheese with the tomato sauce !
Making the sauce
Ok .
So the original sauce that Tyler whips up uses roasted cherry tomatoes .
I was n’t able to find any that looks good so I just used my new favorite canned tomato which is this fire roasted variety from Muir Glen .
It makes for really good salsas and it turns out that it works great for dipping sauces like this also .
I used some dried Arbol peppers I had laying around , but you could definitely just use red pepper flakes or leave out the peppers if you ’re worried about the heat .
Dice up your onion and garlic and crush up your peppers with your hands .
Then heat up the olive oil over high heat in a large pan and saute your onions , garlic , and peppers for a few minutes until the onions are soft and your kitchen smells like garlic and peppers .
Let this mixture cool for a minute and then add it with a pinch of salt and pepper to a food processor or blender with your can of tomatoes .
If you wanted a more rustic sauce you could probably just mush up everything with a fork .
Preparing the Breading
Like I said , one think I really liked about this recipe is the homemade breadcrumbs .
They make for a great texture .
If you ’ve never made breadcrumbs before , just toss a few pieces of old bread in a 250 degree oven for about 20 minutes .
Then let them cool for a few minutes .
They should be very dry and crunchy .
Then toss them in a food processor and pulse them until they are , well , crumbs .
They may not all be perfectly uniform , but that ’s okay .
That gives the crust on each cheese ball some character .
Also , chop up garlic and rosemary !
Mix your garlic , rosemary , and breadcrumbs with a good pinch of salt and pepper .
Of course , you can use store bought breadcrumbs if that ’s what you have .
On the cheese
Use a real , fresh mozzarella cheese for these .
That will make them very delicious when they get all melted .
You can definitely buy a big ball of cheese and cut it up into cubes , but these days sometimes you can find the tiny balls of mozzarella cheese in the deli section which are perfect for this recipe .
Making the balls
If you use fresh mozzarella , it will most likely be in a brine solution or at least be very wet so that ’s what the flour is four in the recipe .
Dip the cheese balls in flour to dry them out , then in the egg mixture , and finally press them into the breadcrumbs .
Really press hard to make sure the crumbs stick nicely to each ball .
Preparing to Fry !
First thing ’s first , stick your breaded cheese balls in the fridge .
You want to make sure they chill for at least 20 minutes or so to let them cool down .
I actually stuck mine in the freezer for about 15 minutes .
If you do n’t get them cold , you run the risk of the cheese melting too fast and then you ’ll have exploding cheese balls on your hands .
While they are chilling , get your frying setup ready which for me is a big pot filled about 1 / 4 of the way with canola oil and a deep fry thermometer hooked to the side .
Once your oil reaches 350 you are ready to go .
These guys will only need about 2 minutes to become a nice golden brown .
I ’d recommend doing a test with one ball to make sure that they are cold enough and everything is working .
It ’d suck to throw them all in only to have a mess up .
When you do start cooking them , you do n’t want to fry too many mozzarella balls at once .
I was able to do mine all in one batch because I have a big 6 quart pot , but you might have to work in batches .
You just do n’t want any overlap .
Also if the temp on your oil drops below 325 , do n’t add anymore as they wo n’t fry nicely .
As they come out of the oil , drain them quickly on a paper towel and then plate them up with a big bowl of the sauce .
The sooner you can eat them , the better they ’ll be !
I thought toothpicks would be a good idea for these , but the best weapons for eating these are your fingers !
Here was my first bite !
Do n’t get too worried if you lose one or two while frying .
I lost one soldier .
It happens .
If you make sure that you press your crumbs on firmly and chill them out before frying , you should n’t have too many problems .
Like I said , I ’m not sure that much can beat a crispy on the outside , melty on the inside , fried cheese thing .
SG - 1 finds a civilization unlike any they have come across yet : a medieval Christian village on an alien planet .
The people are mostly likely descendants of humans taken by the Goa’uld from Earth through the Antarctic Stargate in the Middle Ages .
The villagers hide as O’Neill , Jackson , Carter , and Teal ’c enter the village .
They find a sick , young woman chained to a post , and try to help her .
Simon , a young man from the village , quickly appears holding a cross and pleading for the girl ’s life .
Her name is Mary , and she has been entrusted to his care .
Simon believes that SG - 1 has been sent from the Devil to take her as a sacrifice .
O’Neill and the others assure Simon that they mean their village no harm , and that they are n’t demons .
Simon believes them , and takes them into his home .
But the real “ demon ” soon arrives , stomping through the village and demanding a sacrifice .
It is an Unas , a giant creature from a race that served as first hosts to the Goa’uld .
The giant beast is like the one killed by O’Neill and Teal ’c two years ago ( “ Thor ’s Hammer ” ) .
At sunrise , he says , he will return to collect the five sacrifices required by Sokar — hosts .
SG - 1 knows that the Unas is not a demon , and that the evil Goa’uld Sokar is not Satan .
But the villagers cannot be convinced .
It is the job of the village Canon — a religious leader — to choose who will be sacrificed .
He is an arrogant fellow , comfortable with his power over the people .
If anyone is sick — as Mary is , stricken with nothing more than chicken pox — they are declared to be damned , and given up at the next sacrifice .
Offended by SG - 1 ’s claims that the villagers ’ beliefs about Sokar and the Unas are wrong , the Canon quickly loses patience .
He declares that O’Neill , Carter , Teal ’c and Jackson are damned , and must be given over to Sokar at sunrise .
When they protest , the Canon demonstrates his power : his ring is Goa’uld technology , and causes a lightning bolt to strike the ground in front of them , rendering SG - 1 unconscious .
The power of God , the people are led to believe , is in the hand of the Canon .
SG - 1 is imprisoned , and try to convince Simon to help them .
Meanwhile , Teal’c is taken before the village , where he is forced to endure the Trials .
The Canon offers proof that Teal’c is a demon .
First , he bears a mark insensitive to pain ( the golden seal of Apophis on his forehead ) .
Then , Teal’c is chained to a rock and thrown into a lake ; if he survives , it is presumed that he is a demon .
Teal ’c sinks into the water as his teammates watch helplessly .
He does not reappear , and is presumed dead .
( Later , his body is recovered and prepared for burial by the village women . )
With the death of Teal’c , the Canon forgives SG - 1 and tells them that they are free to go .
But the team learns that Mary is still to undergo a ceremony that will kill her .
In order to cleanse her soul before the Unas returns , Simon will drill a hole in her head .
Simon asks for their help against Sokar and the Unas .
They tell him to bury the Stargate , so that the Unas can never return .
He refuses , though — the people are forbidden from going near the Stargate or even looking upon it .
Simon decides to perform the ceremony on Mary instead .
O’Neill orders the team to the Stargate , not wanting to further endanger his team by offering help to people who wo n’t listen to them .
Daniel refuses to go , and instead heads for Simon ’s home to try and stop him .
If SG - 1 leaves now , he argues , Teal ’c will have died for nothing .
Daniel arrives before Mary is harmed , and offers to take the two back to safety on Earth .
Meanwhile , Teal ’c gives the village women a scare by sitting up in his burial chamber .
His larval Goa’uld symbiote kept him alive under water ; water is the symbiote ’s natural environment , and it was able to provide his body with enough oxygen to survive .
Before being thrown into the lake , Teal ’c entered a deep state of meditation .
Finding Mary and the still - meddling SG - 1 , the Canon condemns them all to be sacrificed to the Unas .
They are chained in the center of the village for the rest of the night , and in the morning the beast arrives for them .
As he leads them back to the Stargate , the group makes their escape attempt .
They tumbledown a hillside into the woods , and flee from their Unas captor .
He pursues them , but Simon shows up with Teal ’c ’s staff weapon and shoots him — three times , but he still does not stop .
The wounded but powerful Unas pursues Simon into the forest , while SG - 1 and Mary try to free themselves from their chains .
Once free , Carter and Jackson take Mary to the Stargate while O’Neill and Teal ’c follow the Unas .
The Canon shows up , witnessing Simon bravely stare down the Unas .
It falls dead just before Jack and Teal ’c arrive , finally succumbing to the staff blasts Simon had delivered .
The Canon is amazed at Simon ’s bravery , and allows the group to go free .
He even gives up his Goa’uld ring to O’Neill and repents of his ways .
Carter begins to dial the Stargate back to Earth , but stops short .
“ It went in him , ” she says .
Sam realizes that the Goa’uld possessing the Unas did not die , but took over the Canon .
He tries to attack them , but is shot dead .
Simon and Mary promise to bury the Stargate , so that Sokar cannot continue to torment the village .
The young man kneels beside the fallen Canon , and pronounces over him the Catholic Prayer for Suffering Souls .
Whoever said 2020 was all bad ?
There 's a new Simon 's cat video out !
It 's been a hot minute since we 've shared what Simon 's cat has been up too !
And as of the end of September , we 've been blessed with an animation of Simon 's cat 's origin story when Simon first meets the feisty , couch destroying -- Simon 's cat !
As described in the Youtube description bio , " It was n't love at first sight , but like any other great love story they were made for each other ! "
Is n't that how all the greatest love stories truly begin ?
We definitely think so .
A team of researchers at MIT and Pennsylvania State University has been developing a new method for producing novel kinds of membranes that could have improved properties for batteries , fuel cells and other energy conversion and storage applications .
After years of working on a novel way of making membranes through a unique layer - by - layer assembly , the team has developed a material specifically designed for the needs of advanced fuel cells — devices that can convert fuel to electricity without combustion , thereby avoiding the emission of any pollutants , though they still do release carbon dioxide .
This material has now undergone laboratory testing to determine its actual properties , which confirm the predictions and show the material ’s promise .
The results were recently reported in the journal Chemistry of Materials .
Electrolytes , used in both batteries and fuel cells , are materials that contain many ions ( atoms or molecules that have a net electrical charge ) , making it easy for an electric current to flow through them .
In both batteries and fuel cells , this material is sandwiched between two electrodes — a positive electrode ( called the cathode ) on one side , and a negative one ( called the anode ) on the other .
In a battery , that ’s all there is , but in a fuel cell there are channels on each side , carrying a fuel ( usually hydrogen or methanol ) over the anode , and oxygen or air over the cathode .
That enables fuel cells to keep producing electricity indefinitely , as long as there is a supply of fuel and air .
In a fuel cell , the electrolyte membrane also serves a second function , to keep the fuel on one side of the cell from migrating across to the other side .
Such migration contaminates the cell and can lead to a significant drop in efficiency .
One big advantage of the new membranes produced by the MIT - developed process is that they are especially good at blocking the migration of methanol fuel .
Direct - methanol fuel cells are considered a promising clean - energy source because they efficiently convert fuel to electricity without combustion , so they do n’t emit any pollutants to the air .
And unlike the hydrogen used for some fuel cells , methanol is a liquid that is easy to store and transport in conventional tanks .
Layer by layer
The basic layer - by - layer system for making the membranes works like this : a substrate , such as a sheet of glass or metal , is dipped into a bath of solution that deposits a layer on the surface .
It is then transferred to a second solution , which deposits a layer of a different material , then back to the first bath , and so on .
The thicknesses of the layers can be controlled at the nanometer scale , and the layers bond tightly to one another because of electrostatic forces .
At the end of the process , the multilayer coating can then be peeled off the substrate with tweezers , or left in place .
The researchers say this approach can produce materials that could not be made by other presently available methods .
Svetlana Sukhishvili , professor of chemistry , chemical biology and biomedical engineering at the Stevens Institute of Technology in New Jersey , says “ In my view , the technology is very promising and highly suited to integrate the two potentially conflicting yet crucially needed properties — mechanical strength and high ionic conductivity — in a single polymer material . ”
Sukhishvili , who was not involved in the research , calls this approach “ a significant breakthrough ” for the production of fuel - cell membranes .
Tests showed that when alternating two kinds of polymer coatings with different properties , the resulting membrane had properties intermediate between the two polymers , including how easily ions could move through it .
One potential advantage of such a system is that it could produce electrolytes that are firmly bonded to the fuel - cell electrodes on either side of them .
In conventional fuel cells , the three parts are made separately and then pressed together , and these bonds can be a source of inefficiency .
With the new process , the membrane could be formed directly on the electrode , creating a uniform and highly controlled membrane - electrode assembly .
No fuel cell can be 100 percent efficient in converting the fuel ’s energy to electricity , but the idea is to minimize as much as possible any energy losses in the system .
“ The majority of the losses are at these interfaces between electrodes and electrolyte ” , says the lead author of the new paper , Avni Argun , a postdoctoral researcher at MIT working with Paula Hammond , the Bayer Professor of Chemical Engineering .
By creating interfaces that are tightly bonded , the efficiency and reliability of the systems can be improved , he says .
As a result , he says , “ you can reduce the cost , or increase the performance , compared to incumbent technologies . ”
By improving the efficiency of the system , it should be possible to reduce the amount of platinum needed in the electrodes — a major contributor to the current high costs of fuel cells .
The group , which also includes undergraduate student Marie Herring , as well as J. Nathan Ashcraft PhD ’09 , and two researchers from Penn State , is in the process of licensing the process to a membrane manufacturer , DyPol , that hopes initially to produce membranes for laboratory research , and ultimately for commercial production .
“ Any promising result we see in the lab can be adapted very quickly for production , ” Argun says .
The layer - by - layer method was originally developed as a method for applying coatings to other materials .
“ Three years ago , we never thought this would be a viable method for making membranes , ” Argun says .
While the new membranes still need to be tested in actual fuel cell assemblies , the team is optimistic ; “ we are more focused now on using this process as a membrane - producing technology , ” he says .
And in addition to fuel cells , they could also be used as electrolytes in advanced batteries and solar cells , he says .
Hammond says the technology can be very quickly scaled up to produce coatings for membranes for fuel cells .
Ultimately , she says , membranes produced by this method “ have the potential to outperform Nafion , ” the material currently used in such cells , because of their improved impermeability to methanol .
" This layer - by - layer approach may allow for the rapid synthesis of membranes with unique properties , ” says John Muldoon , a researcher in the materials research department of the Toyota Research Institute of North America .
He adds that it may find a wide range of applications , including in such areas as drug delivery , gas separation , and electrochemical devices such as solar cells , batteries , and fuel cells .
But some work remains to be done to make these functions practical , he says : “ When applied in the fuel cell , the current technology seems to have the advantage of low fuel crossover ” — that is , leakage of methanol through the membrane .
“ However , its conductivity will have to be dramatically improved to have any practical value in fuel cell application . "
Edmund and Tommy of Team Meat join us this week to talk about their upcoming title Super Meat Boy .
The first part of she show , Edmund and Tommy throw in their 2 cents on video game current events .
The official interview starts at 19:00 .
We chat about past projects , Super Meat Boy development , the sexiness of the ratings system , going from indie to developing for Nintendo and a lot more .
Get ready .
Super Meat Boy will rule .
This podcast episode rules .
Send all questions to info at elder - geek dot com , subscribe to our podcast on iTunes , sign up for the forum , join our Facebook group and subscribe to our Youtube channel .
Also remember to leave any and all feedback or comments in the comments below !
Thank you so much for listening !
By Jorn Madslien
Business reporter , BBC News
On 10 March 2000 , the Nasdaq index of leading technology shares spiked , bursting the Dotcom bubble .
At the time , I thought ' there 's got to be a way of making money here ' , but of course I was wrong '
Mark Simon , chief executive , The Chemistry Club
2001 : Money targets top techs
The decade that has passed since has brought a new realism to the internet economy .
The Nasdaq has failed to recover and currently trades at less than half its peak value on 10 March 2000 as investors are once again looking for real returns and for fundamental underlying value .
But technology is playing a much greater role in most people 's lives than it did when the bubble burst , so clearly many tech firms are thriving .
Some have even grown sufficiently to join blue - chip indexes instead , so the Nasdaq is perhaps no longer the best barometer of the health of what was once deemed the " new economy " .
What they said then
It may ease off here and there , we may find the Nasdaq being a little overvalued at some point , but in general it's the way of the future
Analyst comment , 10 March 2000
Dotcom boom :
What they said at the time Dotcom bubble burst : your comments
These days , nobody uses the term .
Indeed , even on 10 March 2000 one analyst said : " A lot of people are tired of hearing about the new economy versus the old economy " .
At the time , the Nasdaq had risen 24 % since the end of 1999 while the Dow Jones index of leading industrial shares had fallen 13 % .
And the analyst , who was with Prudential Securities , was convinced the Nasdaq would smash through the 6,000 - level within 12 to 18 months .
" If you 're an astute observer , your portfolio will reflect what 's new and exciting and dynamic , " he said at the time , insisting that " a lot of those are the companies that are in the Nasdaq " .
Another analyst , from the since collapsed Lehman Brothers , was equally eager to justify the Nasdaq 's strength .
" It may ease off here and there , we may find the Nasdaq being a little overvalued at some point , but in general it's the way of the future , " he said on 10 March 2000 .
Greed and fear
Oh , how wrong he was .
And how we all laugh as we look back at a time when the talk was more important than the walk , and when scruffy entrepreneurs were courted by greedy venture capitalists ( VCs ) , their ties hidden in their pockets .
" I remember walking into a First Tuesday event at Lord 's Cricket Ground , and there were thousands of people there creating a very special energy , " recalls Mark Simon , founder of The Chemistry Club , which at the time brought together VCs with budding entrepreneurs .
" At the time , I thought ' there 's got to be a way of making money here ' , but of course I was wrong ' . "
Poor infrastructure
But it is easy to be wise after the event .
And it is equally easy to forget that in fact there were plenty of good ideas around at the time .
" A lot of the business plans were deeply flawed , " acknowledges Mr Simon .
" But a lot of the ideas that were around at the time would have worked had there been broadband . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A group of ultra-Orthodox rabbis is waging a schmear campaign against a staple of the Jewish diet : lox .
Smoked salmon should no longer be considered kosher , they say , because the fish often contain parasitic worms .
But some Jewish New Yorkers are n’t taking the lox - down lightly .
“ What is a bagel and cream cheese without the lox ?
It ’s nothing , ” kvetched Josh Loberfeld , 29 , of Riverdale , a regular at the Mr. Bagel eatery near his Bronx home .
The ban was announced last month when a small group of rabbis decided that a tiny parasitic worm , called anisakis , rendered its host fish nonkosher .
Chevra Mehadrin , a group of hard - line Orthodox rabbis in Monsey , NY , released a list of newly forbidden fish .
But many Orthodox rabbis are blasting the group for hysterics .
“ This issue has been resolved in Jewish law for hundreds of years already , ” said Rabbi Moshe Elefant of the Orthodox Union .
Islamic advice websites are n't the first thing that spring to mind when talking of strikes , sit-ins and workers ' occupations , but if there 's any proof needed that Egypt 's extraordinary wave of industrial action is reaching every corner of the nation , then today 's drama at IslamOnline .
net fits the bill .
With more than 120,000 hits a day and a global reach that extends through several languages , IslamOnline is one of the biggest and most influential Muslim websites in the world .
From Baghdad to Basildon , Muslims use it as a key source of scholarly advice on everything from impotency to the insurgency in Iraq .
So the question of who owns and controls the site is a vitally important one .
And that 's the question being wrestled over today , after hundreds of staff walked out in protest over what they say is an attempt by conservatives in the Gulf to hijack the site and force it to pursue a more traditional and hardline agenda .
Tension had been simmering for months between the website 's Cairo - based editorial offices and the managers in Doha , whose plan this week to fire many of the 350 employees in Egypt led to an all - night occupation of the company 's offices , which was still continuing at the time of writing .
" We 're all resigning , " Fathi Abu Hatab , a former IslamOnline journalist and one of the strike leaders , told me over the phone from inside the building .
" If we lose this battle then IslamOnline as we know it will be dead .
We were an exception – in our professionalism , in our moderation , in our refusal to be bound by hidden agendas .
And like all exceptions in the Arab World , we 've come to the end of the line . "
So what is the battle , exactly ?
There 's not a lot of agreement on this point , with a host of competing explanations trickling out of the IslamOnline offices on to Twitter , Facebook and even a live online video stream that the workers set - up to show their grievances to the world .
Some of the staff believe this is primarily a business dispute over pay , conditions and company management but others are reading more into it , placing the tussle over editorial control at IslamOnline into a wider political rivalry between Egypt and Qatar , and an even broader context of cultural warfare between Egypt and the Gulf .
As detailed in the news reports , there 's certainly a lot of evidence to suggest that a new board of directors in Doha has been throwing its weight around in debates over the site 's content .
Analysts have argued that the site 's relatively open and inclusive nature ( where discussions over homosexuality sit side by side with the latest fatwas on vegetarianism , martyrdom and T - shirts ) has unnerved some of IslamOnline 's more conservative financial backers in the Gulf .
At this stage it's hard to verify that one way or another , but if true it would only be the latest salvo in a long - running campaign by the Gulf to wrest cultural ascendancy in the Arab World away from Egypt .
In the often febrile Middle Eastern media market , domination of the cultural landscape has tended to go hand in hand with political ascendancy .
Historically the biggest centres of cultural production were Beirut and Cairo ; the latter 's singers , film - makers , actors and writers were untouchable in the 1950s and 1960s .
Egypt 's status as the capital of Arab culture mirrored its political fortunes under Gamal Abdel Nasser ; Umm Kolthoum sang , Youssef Chahine directed , and Nasser was the all - singing , all - dancing leader of the " Arab street " who faced down western colonialism at Suez in 1956 and swaggered across the world stage .
Then came the oil explosion of the 1970s , and the Gulf states suddenly found themselves with a load of petro - dollars at their disposal .
Over the next couple of decades , with Lebanon mired in civil war and Egypt rocked by the assassination of Sadat and the beginning of the moribund , bureaucratic rule of Mubarak , Saudi Arabia ( and to a lesser extent the UAE ) embarked on an ambitious and eye - wateringly expensive programme to force control of the region 's culture away from their rivals .
The Arab culture wars are open on a number of different fronts , but all involve Egypt losing its grip on the Middle East 's cultural tiller .
On television , for example , Egyptian soaps and serials have long dominated prime - time schedules , but now the UAE is fighting back with multimillion dollar productions like Million 's Poet , an insanely popular reality TV show that commands 70 m viewers from across the Arab World , yet is based around an obscure form of Gulf Arabian poetry .
The result has been a hitherto unknown appreciation for the Gulf dialect across the Middle East .
The whole show is funded by the Abu Dhabi Authority of Culture and Heritage , and forms part of a much wider push to make Abu Dhabi the capital of culture in the Middle East , with local versions of the Louvre and Guggenheim under construction .
It 's not just a matter of the Gulf producing new cultural products to rival Egypt 's ; investors are actively taking over Egyptian cultural institutions and reshaping them to reflect more conservative Gulf values .
Egypt 's film studios were managing to produce only about five or six films a year in the early 1990s ; now , almost solely because of Saudi investment , they 're churning out around 40 , some of which now have to conform to the " 35 rules " of piety laid down by the Saudi backers – a huge shift away from Egypt 's traditionally more pluralistic Islamic values to the much more austere form of Wahhabi Islam prevalent in the Gulf .
This " Saudisation " has left some Egyptians , such as the billionaire communications tycoon Naguib Sawiris , feeling like a foreigner in their own land .
" As far as I 'm concerned , this is the biggest problem in the Middle East right now , " he says .
" Egypt was always very liberal , very secular and very modern .
Now ...
I 'm looking at my country , and it 's not my country any longer .
I feel like an alien here . "
As the IslamOnline workers prepare themselves for a second night of occupation in an attempt to assert their editorial independence over those that bankroll them , a broader upheaval is under way in every corner of the Arab media world , one that could prove dangerous for cultural pluralism .
" There is an Egyptian taste to IslamOnline at the moment which is very discernible ; if the site packs up and moves to Qatar the spirit and attitude of the site will change , " says Khalil al - Anani , an expert on political Islam at Durham University .
" That would be a big loss to the Muslim community globally , because we are facing a wave of Salafist media at the moment – on the internet , on satellite TV , and elsewhere – and IslamOnline was one of the key outlets resisting that trend . "
You could n’t make this stuff up .
It ’s always those filthy sceptics , flat - earthers , deniers .
Here we are , just ordinary climate scientists going about our daily lives , fudging data , deleting emails when we get FOI requests , and threatening journals that dare to publish papers that challenge the consensus , and you nasty mean sceptics somehow find that objectionable .
If only we could just get on with our skulduggery without your annoying interference :
CSIRO scientists say they are coming under political attack as part of an orchestrated campaign by climate change sceptics .
A delegation of scientists is in Canberra this week to push for bipartisan political support for open debate and diversity in government science .
[ Open debate ?
That ’ll be the day – Ed ]
CSIRO Staff Association president Michael Borgas says scientific integrity is under threat .
[ Yes , it certainly is , but not from the sceptics , it ’s from the climate scientists who have forgotten what being a scientist is all about – Ed ]
“ It ’s a very large concern both internal but in particular externally , ” he said .
“ Now we ’re seeing some quite unprecedented attacks on the integrity of science in the CSIRO , that was in senate estimates recently . ”
Dr Borgas says scientists need more support from management .
“ We frankly think that the management does make matters worse by appearing to gag comment and exert too much control of the scientists , ” he said .
“ But we can see that they are attempting to manage the risk that they see from these attacks which are coming from the outside . ”
Why do we go to the polls to vote ?
We vote to elect people to office who will implement policy that we support .
As we all know , the amount of money that anyone running for office has to raise has become a barrier to implementing policy , no matter which policy you support .
Elected officials have to raise money so often that it leaves them with little time to run the government .
Would you like to see a reasonable effort from all sides to make elections more about ideas and solutions rather than about raising money ?
Proposition 15 , the California Fair Elections
Act , on this upcoming June 2010 Ballot is a positive step forward that will enable the politicians to get back to governing and will allow citizens to have confidence that elections still do matter .
Proposition 15 changes the way we finance election campaigns so that politicians will focus on California ’s serious problems rather than fundraising .
It imposes strict reporting requirements , penalties for violators and bans the raising of money from lobbyists , their clients and anyone else for participating candidates .
Voters want change , and Fair Elections has a proven track record that works !
Since enacted in both Arizona and Maine , elected officials have passed bi-partisan , ground breaking legislation that would not have been possible if they had to fear retribution from powerful special interests .
The public likes it so much that voter turnout has actually increased in those states .
To learn more about the California Fair Elections Act , go here .
We would like you to be a part of the Yes On Prop 15 Campaign .
Please come to our Los Angeles Campaign Kick - Off :
Thursday , March 11th 2010 , 7:30 pm – 9 pm
Doors open at 7:00 pm for socializing
Leo Baeck Temple , 1300 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , Los Angeles
The location is in the Sepulveda Pass across from the Getty Museum
Free Parking , Accessible , Green LEED facility
Please RSVP for this event on March 11th here . ,
by phone to 310.397.0200 , or
by email : a-info@caclean.org
Wayne Williams and Brad Parker
Last week , the House of Representatives , in a largely party - line vote , passed the Native Hawaiian Government Reorganization Act .
Popularly known as " the Akaka bill , " this piece of legislation might turn out to be this Congress 's single most calamitous decision .
The bill creates a complex federal framework under which most of the nation 's approximately 400,000 ethnic Hawaiians can organize themselves into one vast Indian tribe .
It endows the tribe with the " inherent powers and privileges of self - government , " ...
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
The new spacecraft will use payload items held in reserve
Skynet 5 , the UK 's single biggest space project , is to be extended .
The £ 3.6 bn system , which provides secure satellite telecommunications to British armed forces , will be boosted by the addition of a fourth spacecraft .
The first three satellites were only launched in 2007 - 2008 , but military planners envisage even more bandwidth will be needed in the future .
Skynet 5D will be built in Portsmouth and Stevenage for a launch in 2013 , most probably on an Ariane 5 rocket .
Its construction will be funded by City money .
The work will create 100 hi-tech jobs and secure another 800 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Ministry of Defence does not actually own the Skynet system ; it merely buys the services run over the spacecraft from a company called Paradigm Secure Communications .
This arrangement - one of the most expensive Private Finance Initiatives ( PFI ) ever signed by the MoD - pays for itself in part by the sale of spare bandwidth to " friendly " forces .
Long - term savings
" The decision to go for a new satellite is an absolute vindication of the approach that made Skynet 5 a service contract , " said Paradigm 's chairman Malcolm Peto .
" It gives the MoD an assurance that the extra bandwidth will be there to meet their needs , and it gives us the ability to sell more capacity to third parties , " he told BBC News .
The fourth spacecraft , which has a service value of £ 400 m , will include spare payload items held in reserve during the roll - out of Skynets 5A , 5B and 5C .
Its preparation will be undertaken by EADS Astrium .
The Skynet satellites match the sophistication of the very latest civilian platforms used to pass TV , phone and internet traffic - but also are " hardened " for military use and will resist attempts to " jam " them , for example .
The spacecraft allow the British Army , Royal Navy and Royal Air Force to pass much more data more quickly between command centres .
The bandwidth capacity of Skynet 5 is two - and - a - half times that of the old satellite constellation , Skynet 4 .
1 . Skynet 5 overhauls satellite communications for UK forces 2 .
The largely autonomous satellites talk to two UK ground stations 3 . Skynet 5 supports high - bandwidth applications , such as UAV video 4 . Antennas and terminals are upgraded to make best use of Skynet 5 .
New battlefield networks , such as Cormorant , feed into the system 6 .
System gives commanders access to more information , faster
The new system enables UK forces to make use of next - generation weapons systems , such as the recently introduced Reaper drones .
These unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) are deployed over Afghanistan but are remotely piloted by RAF personnel in the US .
Their near real - time video passes through Skynet .
The National Audit Office , when it initially reviewed the Skynet project , said the service was likely to cost the British taxpayer about £ 3.6 bn over the lifetime of the 18 - year contract .
The new satellite will extend the contract by just over two years to 2022 .
The MoD says the PFI should , in the long run , save many millions of pounds compared with a more standard procurement approach in which the government purchases the hardware outright .
The contract with Paradigm has included upgrades to ground stations and the installation of new antennas and terminals on military ships , planes and land vehicles .
Its apparent success has prompted some to wonder if the model can be extended to other areas of British space activity .
A recent report prepared jointly by industry , government , and academia said a PFI could be used to develop a national Earth observation programme .
The idea has already been dubbed " Skysight " .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It 's not just puggles and schnoodles monopolizing the hybrid animal market .
Three weeks ago , a zebra / horse hybrid made its way to the Stukenbrock safari park from Italy .
The Zebroid or Zorse 's mother is a zebra and her father is a horse .
She probably wo n't be able to reproduce herself since equine hybrids are infertile .
People have been cross - breeding zebras and horses since colonial times , but Eclyse 's coloring is unusual for such hybrids .
With her über distinct makings , it 's really hard not think she 's a Photoshop mock - up .
[ photos via Spiegel Online ]
Last week we noted that the Thomas More Law Center had filed suit against Hate Crimes Prevention
Act of 2009 on behalf of right - wing activists and pastors in Michigan .
One of those pastors was Levon Yuille , who tells OneNewsNow that he opposes hate crimes protections for gays because he finds it “ demeaning [ to ] the black community ” :
A black pastor who is challenging the constitutionality of the recently enacted federal “ Hate Crimes Act ” says he ’s offended by comparisons to the civil rights struggles of African - Americans with those who engage in homosexual behavior …
Yuille tells OneNewsNow that he also finds it insulting to equate the supposed “ civil rights ” struggle of homosexuals with the real civil rights struggle of African - Americans .
“ I feel like individuals [ are ] demeaning the black community in trying to equate us to what someone chooses to do sexually , ” Yiulle remarks .
“ The totality of black people is far greater than what one would prefer to do in expressing themselves in the manner I ’ve already stated . ”
The Michigan pastor says the spotlight should be on how the HIV virus is devastating his community — women in particular .
“ I ’m most certainly disheartened to see that there ’s so little focus being placed on this issue relative to so many black men participating in heterosexual and homosexual behavior — and ultimately and regrettably a lot of black women contract AIDS through this type of behavior , ” he shares .
Pastor Yuille says he is taking a stand for truth , and believes he is doing what is right from a biblical , social , and health perspective .
Image Credit : Michael Bezjian/ WireImage.comActor
Corey Haim , 38 , is dead after an apparent drug overdose .
A spokesperson for the Los Angeles County Coroner confirmed that Haim , who battled substance addiction for several years , was found unresponsive in an Oakwood apartment and pronounced dead at Providence St. Joseph ’s Medical Center at 2:15 a.m. this morning .
His mother , according to FOX station KTLA , was in the apartment at the time .
Estimated reading time — < 1 minute
In France , a young ambient musician by the name of Charles undertook an interesting new project .
He was going to record the sound of himself sleeping , and release it under the name “ La Nuit ” ( The Night ) .
Charles lived alone in a rural area , which would remove things like car alarms , traffic , and such from being recorded .
He planned his project for many months , acquiring the sensitive equipment to capture all outside noises as well as his own during sleep .
Finally , on the 27th of September , he decided to execute his plan .
He set up all his equipment , and fell at sleep at midnight .
The next day Charles reviewed the recording .
For the first hour , the recording played his own tossings and turnings as well as some distant dog barks and a few car alarms ( So much for his plan to distance himself from cars ) .
These continued throughout the 2nd hour as well , until Charles heard something that horrified him .
For at exactly 3 hours and 24 minutes in , the recording played the sound of his bedroom door opening .
Please wait ...
With more than 100 years of combined trial experience , the lawyers at Bain & McRae , LLP are equipped to give your case the attention and quality representation you deserve .
We are a full - service law firm that handles a broad range of personal injury , real estate , family law , business law , elder law , estate planning , estate administration , tax law and criminal matters in Harnett , Johnston and Lee counties in North Carolina .
DUBAI — At least two of the 26 suspects sought by Dubai police for the alleged killing of a top Hamas leader appear to have entered the U.S. shortly after his death , according to people familiar with the situation .
Records shared between international investigators show that one of the suspects entered the U.S. on Feb. 14 , carrying a British passport , according to a person familiar with the situation .
The other suspect , carrying an Irish passport , entered the U.S. on Jan. 21 , according to this person .
Senior Hamas leader Mahmoud ...
I will take some close ups when I get a chance but there really is n't much to see in the corner .
The problem I ran into early in the project was that there was n't a stud to screw into on the left side in the corner .
So I just used the verticals you see to keep it even .
The left side shelves extend all the way to the wall but are n't attached to anything there .
The right side shelves just butt up to the left side shelves but also are n't attached to anything there either .
I thought about doing a 45 degree cut at the corner but then you can't slide the shelves into grooves .
A complete debacle , and completely riveting .
If you missed it , make time for Mediaite ’s two highlight reels below .
Glynnis MacNicol is spot on :
I think the short version is that the Massa that showed up at Glenn Beck ’s desk is definitely not the Massa that was on the other end of Beck ’s telephone yesterday .
Something that began to be clear to Beck around the 20 minute mark , after Massa refused to get into specific about the corruption of the Dems generally , and Rahm Emanuel specifically .
At about the 25 minute mark Glenn Beck starts getting mad .
If you ever wondered what Glenn Beck looks like when he realized he ’s been had that ’s a good place to start .
Precisely .
The big sell in having Massa on was that he was , supposedly , about to roll over on Pelosi , Hoyer , etc , for backroom dealings .
Instead , this :
Beck finally says , “ I do n’t want to be a defender of the White House … is there anything SPECIFIC that you have ? ”
Massa still can’t point to any specific examples of Democratic leadership arm - twisting or bullying .
Massa finally tries to blame the House Whip for pressuring him to change his vote and likens it to bribery : “ I do n’t know how to be specific …
Its called Whipping ! ” Massa ca n’t seem to come up with any better examples .
Follow the Mediaite link and watch the “ bullcrap ” clip embedded there .
When pressed on corruption , all he could do was blow smoke about how super - keen he thinks the tea party is , etc .
In fact , not only did n’t he dish new dirt , he cleaned up some of the dirt he ’d already dished :
In the first clip below , he dismisses the suggestion that the Dems had forced him out unfairly for his behavior .
“ I forced myself out , ” he says — i.e. , he deserved to go .
Good work , Massa .
Do n’t miss him showing off his “ crossing the line ” scrapbook .
A golden television moment , my friends .
Exit question :
What exactly was Massa ’s goal here ?
He evidently BS -ed Beck with tall tales of corruption in order to land on the show … but to what end ?
So that he could mumble about “ tickle fights ” and pander transparently to Beck about his pet issues ?
At the very least , you ’d expect him to claim he ’s being railroaded and did n’t deserve to be pushed out , but he ’s not even saying that .
What ’s the frequency , Kenneth ?
But the law change may threaten artists who do not get their work classified by Commonwealth censors .
The artist Bill Henson had his contentious work judged by film censors before going to exhibition .
The artist Polixeni Papapetrou , whose photograph of her six - year - old daughter on the cover of Art Monthly caused a storm last year , did not have her work sent to censors .
She criticised the law change yesterday and asked whether she could be prosecuted if her work were judged by authorities as child pornography , saying : '' I think they 're barking up the wrong tree .
I really think they should be going after those people who exploit children .
' ' I do n't know of any artists who exploit children and if they do they should not be protected by any legal defence . ''
The law change received cautious support from the executive director of the National Association for Visual Arts , Tamara Winikoff , who said artists were working with the director of public prosecutions on '' protective protocols so that art experts are consulted and can advise on whether the material had been produced by a genuine artist ' ' .
Editor 's note : John DeDakis is a senior copy editor on CNN's " The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " in Washington .
Washington ( CNN ) --
About 250 veterans gathered today at the World War II Memorial in Washington .
They were joined by Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg to mark the premiere of their 10 - part HBO series , " The Pacific . "
It was a high - profile public media event , but for me it was personal .
For me , it brought back memories of my dad , who fought the Nazis in Europe .
When I was 9 or 10 years old , my father took me to a college basketball game .
As the clock ran out , a trumpeter in the pep band thought it would be cute to mark the demise of the rival team by playing Taps .
Dad was not amused .
" Shut up ! " he roared .
The trumpeter played on , oblivious .
Dad got to his feet , fists clenched .
" I said , ' Shut up ! ' "
Embarrassed , I cringed in my seat .
I 'd never seen Dad this upset .
But most people in the noisy auditorium were unaware of his wrath .
He was drowned out by cheers , and by amused laughter at the cleverness of the trumpeter .
Later , Dad explained to me that his strong emotions went back nearly 15 years when he was an officer on Gen.
William Woodward 's staff during the 104th Infantry Division 's assault on Nazi Germany .
Under the leadership of Maj. Gen. Terry Allen , the " Timberwolves " fought through Holland , Belgium , and into Germany , seeing unbelievable carnage .
Some men became numb to it .
Dad told me about seeing a couple of soldiers carelessly tossing bodies into the back of a truck to be hauled away from the battlefield .
As Dad watched , a passing officer angrily chewed out the men :
" These are soldiers of the United States Army , " the officer yelled , " and they will be treated with respect ! "
Whenever Dad told that story , his voice would catch .
Fast forward .
Spring 1995 -- 50 years after the Nazis surrendered and some 35 years after that basketball game .
His emotions were still raw as we sat together on the back porch of my home in suburban Atlanta .
Over the course of three days , I held a small tape recorder between us as he talked about his life .
Not surprisingly , his days in combat with the 104th took up most of the eight hours I captured on tape .
Dad was a shy man , placid , slow to anger .
Rarely did he show much emotion of any kind , except laughter -- he loved to laugh .
So , it was unexpected when , during a taping session , he suddenly broke down and wept .
He 'd been describing the day he came across a group of Timberwolf infantrymen who'd been caught in a crossfire and slaughtered .
" If it had n't been for those guys in the infantry , " he said , swiping at his tears , " I never would have survived the war . "
My dad , N. George DeDakis , remained in the Army Reserves after WWII , retiring as a colonel in 1960 .
He practiced law in La Crosse , Wisconsin , and died May 29 , 1996 , at the age of 88 .
I went in his place to the 56th Timberwolves reunion in Atlanta August 28 to September 3 , 2001 .
( The unit 's final reunion will be September 1 in Chicago . )
At the Atlanta reunion , I had a chance to relay Dad 's appreciation of the infantry to several of the veterans I met -- and I listened as many of them talked about their experiences .
The memories were old , but the tears were fresh .
One told me , " Think of the worst you could go through -- then double it . "
Another said he wrote down his story but hid the manuscript in a safe deposit box for his children to read after his death .
" It 's too awful to talk about , " he explained , " plus , none of them seem very interested in what I did during the war . "
One infantryman recounted the shock and horror of finding the bodies of some of his closest foxhole buddies " dead in the street . "
" I just shut down completely , " he said .
" My emotions turned to ice .
Suddenly , I had no one I could talk to . "
" Could you pray ? " I asked .
" I could until [ the ] Nordhausen [ concentration camp ] , " he replied .
( On April 11 , 1945 , the 104th liberated the Mittelbau - Dora camp in Nordhausen , Germany .
The bodies of 5,000 starved prisoners were stacked like cordwood and the few hundred survivors were like walking skeletons . )
He told me it took years , and the help of several understanding people , to restore in him a semblance of faith .
" How did the war change you ? " I asked several of the men .
" It made me mean , " one man confessed .
Some said it took years , and the patience of long - suffering spouses , before they were able to overcome their anger -- anger they did n't even know they had until others pointed it out to them .
During my time with these men , I tried to resist my journalistic instinct to probe .
Mostly , I listened .
It was a rich experience .
An experience , I fear , that will be lost forever if more of us do n't encourage these men and women to tell their stories for history .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John DeDakis
So this girl Constance McMillen wanted to take a girl to prom , and wear a tux , and the principal was like hell to the no , and then the ACLU got involved , and then the school just decided it would be better to cancel prom altogether .
Why are they so afraid of how cute girls look in menswear ?
No but srsly .
We have a feeling , even though we are old , that some girls are bringing girls to homecoming / prom / fancy - wear day dances these days .
Amirite ?
Are you one of those girls / boys ?
Well let ’s celebrate those photos everyone is so f*cking afraid of !
VISIBILITY , LADIES !
Send us your prom photos !
1. Email your photo to autostraddle [ at ] gmail [ dot ] com .
2 . We wo n’t publish your name [ unless you give us permission ] but …
3 . If you can , we ’d love to know when & where the photo was taken — city / state & year of the event .
4 . We ’ll start putting up the gallery this evening and keep building it as we get submissions .
[ You can see it here in this post , or on its own page . ]
5 . If absolutely necessary we can smiley - face over your ex-girlfriend if she ’s really crazy or a famous tennis player .
6 . Everyone who sends in a photo will be entered to win a $ 25 Amazon.com Gift Certificate , we ’ll draw a name at random on Sunday and announce it in the Sunday Funday .
7 . When you ’re done with that , check out LezGetReal , where the ladies are putting a full - court - press on Ellen ( yah , that ELLEN ! ) to organize a prom in Mississippi so this girl can freakin’ go !
And let ’s hope that come springtime , we ’ll be able to add Constance McMillan and her ladyfriend to the gallery .
Tell everyone !
Tweet this , put it on your facebook , — we wanna see a bajillion cute gay faces ready to embark upon the most overrated night of their lives — fight the lesbian shaming .
Note :
All of these photos used to have captions with the year , the location , and the girls in the photograph indicated .
However when our photo galleries were transferred when we switched the plug - in we use for galleries in March 2013 , the captions apparently were n’t transferred .
We are looking into why this happened and if there ’s any way to fix it .
Marijuana Addiction - guest post and a discussion
Addiction .
It ’s a loaded word .
Lots of baggage , lots of uncertainty in its meaning .
It gets tossed around a lot in reference to marijuana , from those who claim that marijuana is provably addictive , to those who say there is no such thing as addiction .
Regardless of those views , I think most people would agree that there are some marijuana users whose use appears to most people to be excessive .
And whether that ’s reality or perception , it ’s still a very real hurdle .
Making this all even more topical , we now have a very real and current controversy regarding the definition of addiction : War Over Addiction : Evaluating The DSM-V
You ’ve heard about the Drug War ?
Well there ’s a war being fought over addiction by the Task Force revising the psychiatric bible in the United States .
Called DSM-V , it will be referred to by every therapist , child development specialist , and family court considering mental health issues , as well as criminal court concerning psychiatric defenses . [… ]
This template for diagnosing our “ mental disorders ” has been struggling with addiction – like so many of us .
The term “ addiction ” does not appear in DSM - IV .
Rather , “ dependence ” was introduced as a replacement for addiction in the hope of defining the syndrome more precisely and less emotionally .
DSM -V plans to reintroduce addiction .
This is a roundabout way of leading to the real post , here .
Danny Chapin , the managing editor of AllTreatment.com , a directory for drug rehab centers and substance abuse information resource , approached me about having a dialog about marijuana addiction with all of you , as he searches for understanding himself .
I thought it was a brilliant idea .
I wanted to hear what he had to say and also get a chance to respond .
So here we go .
I ’ll let you have first crack at it , and I ’ll respond tomorrow , probably asking Danny for a follow - up post .
Guest Post : Danny Chapin
Marijuana Addiction : What Is It ?
What Does It Mean ?
Addiction is ineffable .
In American culture , addiction can and is used to mean many different things .
Sometimes it ’s an enemy of war , other times a dramatic and thrilling addition to a popular TV show .
There is no standard definition of addiction .
Yet , intuitively we know people who are and can become addicted to certain substances and activities .
Alcoholism has always been a familiar face , with heroin , meth and cocaine addiction being more recent phenomenons .
And these drugs , because of the intense dependence of their users , are clearly addictive substances .
But the one culprit that has never been tied down is marijuana addiction .
Some think the notion is hilarious , while others are seriously concerned with its acceptance in our culture .
So the question remains , is marijuana addictive ?
And what does it mean to be addictive , is it physical or mental or psychological or behavioral ?
Is the notion ridiculous or misunderstood ?
Marijuana Addiction
According to Alan I. Leshner , Ph.D. , Director of the National Institute of Drug Abuse , whether addiction is physical or mental is a moot point , and a misunderstanding of the negative impact of addiction ( 1 ) .
To quote Leshner :
What does matter tremendously is whether or not a drug causes what we now know to be the essence of addiction : uncontrollable , compulsive drug seeking and use , even in the face of negative health and social consequences .
This is the crux of how many professional organizations all define addiction , and how we all should use the term .
It is really only this expression of addiction – uncontrollable , compulsive craving , seeking and use of drugs – that matters to the addict and to his or her family , and that should matter to society as a whole .
These are the elements responsible for the massive health and social problems caused by drug addiction .
( 2)
Leschner is right .
The negative aspect of drug addiction is n’t whether or not marijuana or any other drug makes one addicted physically , but whether or not people will act in uncontrollable , compulsive ways to seek it .
It is the determent of this compulsion that is the true face of addiction , disrupting families and ruining friendships .
And to this extent , we must ask , not whether marijuana has addictive properties , but whether our citizens use marijuana in a safe , controlled , and independent manner .
The Numbers
The 2008 NSDUH survey found that 15.2 million Americans had used marijuana at least once within the last month .
This makes marijuana the most commonly used illicit drug in the United States , used by roughly 6.1 % of Americans , with variation of use changing only slightly since 2002 .
In 2007 , there were a total of 305,318 individuals admitted to addiction treatment for marijuana use as the primary substance abused , comprising 16 % total drug treatment admissions , only behind alcohol addiction ( 22.7 % ) and alcohol addiction with a secondary drug ( 18.1 % ) .
Demographically , 30 % of those patients were between the ages of 12 and 17 .
This means that in 2007 , roughly 2 % of people who had used marijuana at least once that year were admitted for marijuana addiction treatment .
In comparison , of the 1.9 million users of cocaine in the United States , 178,771 of them were admitted for treatment , making up roughly 9.4 % of cocaine users seeking treatment .
The Question(s )
How do we judge this information ?
Should we say that cocaine ’s addiction potential is about 4 x worse than marijuana ’s , making it ‘ less addictive ’ ?
Does that comparison matter when we take into account that there are almost 2 x as many people attending marijuana addiction treatment than cocaine treatment each year ?
What makes cocaine addiction a bigger problem than marijuana addiction , or vice versa ?
Does the low percentage of treatment patients justify a different legal , social , or legislative approach to the substance ?
And the demographic information , should that impact how we treat marijuana ?
If marijuana can be a disruptive , uncontrollable force in someone ’s life , how do we decide whether or not it should be legal ?
Sources :
Results from the 2008 NSDUH : National Findings , SAMHSA , OAS
http://wwwdasis.samhsa.gov/webt/quicklink/US07.htm.
http://wwwdasis.samhsa.gov/webt/quicklink/US07.htm.
The Essence of Drug Addiction by Alan I. Leshner , Ph.D. , Director of the National Institute of Drug Abuse .
http://www.nida.nih.gov/Published_Articles/Essence.html
http://www.nida.nih.gov/Published_Articles/Essence.html
Substance Abuse Treatment Admissions by Primary Substance of Abuse , According to Sex , Age Group , Race , and Ethnicity , Year 2007 .
http://www.oas.samhsa.gov/nsduh/2k8nsduh/2k8Results.cfm#Fig2-1
Notes :
Do you know that feeling you sometimes get when you get up in the morning are you ’re sleepy , tired , annoyed , and irritated ?
When you have to go to the office and all the world seems to be against you ?
When there ’s no coffee , the toothpaste has come to an end , and you forgot to buy food for your cat ?
Yeah , you know what I mean .
There ’s a cure that can make your day brighter for less than $ 50 — small tiny geek gadgets !
Let me show you some of my favorite gadgets that make me smile every time I look at them , no matter how tired or depressed I am .
Note : you can buy all of the gadgets at www.thinkgeek.com.
I keep those links saved in my favorites , but you can find them linked through the photos below .
Bacteria Assassin Ninja Toothbrush Sanitizer Bacteria Assassin Ninja Toothbrush Sanitizer on the right kills all the nasty bacteria that can spoil your mood in the morning .
Ninjas are the best ( and invincible ) !
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc
Come to the Dark Side Apron © Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc
Not a gadget , but it ’s definitely a good trigger for a cool party .
Mine is on the way already , ca n’t wait to have it !
ElectroMan Surge Protector
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc
With a cute smiling face , this little guy ’s happy to provide you with power .
There ’s a small heart burning when you plug him in .
What a cutie !
The Ex - Unique Knife Holder
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc Wishing you could kill someone ?
Now you can use the Ex knife holder to satisfy your animal instincts .
The Ex Knife Set comes with 5 knives and you can throw all of them into the knife sleeves .
Mini Pet Cactus
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc Little cacti are waiting to be adopted !
They are absolutely real and alive and you do n’t have to do anything to care for them .
It ’s growing from a “ magic ” gel inside the bottle that has everything it needs .
This little dude comes with a strap to attach it to your jacket , cell phone , etc. , so you can take it with you everywhere .
Yoda Pluck Backpack
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc
This will help you to stay in a good mood while going into the office .
With Yoda on your back , he ’ll be teaching you the ways of the Force and meditation in the subway .
SurvivalStraps Survival Bracelet
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc
This is a bracelet that can be quickly unraveled into 14′ of paracord .
You can make a lasso , climb a mountain and overcome lots of other difficult situations that can come up on your way to the office .
Well , at least it looks cool .
Cable Monkey Organizer
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc
It ’s a great help both at home and in the office .
The monkey will not only hug your cables and keep them neat and tidy , but will also show visitors to your office that you feel the best way to work out problems is through hugging . 🙂
Darth Vader USB
Hub
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc
What could be more funny and relaxing than a Darth Vader head on your desktop , especially when it has 480 MBps of digital connectivity in a simple four - port USB 2.0 hub .
Eyes glow , his head turns , and Vader speaks when you insert a new USB device !
Do n’t you think that ’s a perfect gift for Valentines day for your girlfriend ?
Humping USB Dog
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc Harley and Duke are naughty doggies . 🙂
They wo n’t stop until you separate them from computer , these dogs are safe for kids and are very useful for geeks like I am .
Now imagine plugging them into the Darth Vader USB Hub 🙂
Your day at the office would be ruined !
Tengu
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc
When you are feeling lonely Tengu will always cheer you up .
This tiny little creature has a microphone in the base that picks up sounds in the room and makes his mouth move in time with them !
Mini Shopping Cart Desktop Organizer
© Copyright 1999 - 2010 – ThinkGeek , Inc A real shopping cart organizer for your desktop — not overly techy but it helps to keep your pens , pencils and sticky pads in one place .
And what ’s most important ?
It ’s so sweet !
NoSQL seems to be all the hype , helping people get away from databases into more ( horizontally ) scalable solutions while sacrificing certain database characteristics ( and gaining others , such as being schema free ) .
And NoSQL products seems to start showing up everywhere such as Cassandra , HBase , riak , mongodb , Project Voldemort , and Terrastore to name a few .
To this list , I would also add long time ( data ) grid providers such as GigaSpaces , Oracle Coherence , and IBM ObjectGrid .
Products that are playing at a much higher playground than the previous ones ( think NoSQL ++ ) .
As a side note , its great that the NoSQL solution is gaining steam .
If in the past ( 3 - 4 years ago ) I had to explain and educate why such concepts as collocation , master worker , map reduce , and in memory storage are very important when designing scalable systems , now they have become almost common knowledge .
All products mentioned provide , in one form or another , the ability to query data .
Some use SQL like queries , others use map reduce .
At one point though , regardless of where or how you store your data , you would want to add search to it .
What do I mean when I say search ?
I mean search in what you expect search engines to provide you with .
Think of twitter solving their data storage problems , but not being able to search on all the tweets ( preferably in real time ) .
But now we find ourself in a problematic situation .
We finally managed to solve the scaling requirements of our data storage , only to find that we need to add search to our system ( hopefully , you are adding search from the get go , as its a must have feature in any application ) .
And the search solution needs to scale .
More over , since the dream scenario is that our search solution would allow us to search on all our data , it needs to scale as much as our NoSQL solution does .
For this reason , a true , distributed , scalable search solution is required .
And guess what , I think I know of one :) .
So how to we pull this off , the integration between elasticsearch and our chosen NoSQL solution ?
Well , we can start with the simplest solution .
Anytime we update the NoSQL solution , we can go ahead and execute the same or a similar update to elasticsearch .
Since elasticsearch has a REST API , it can basically integrate with any language that interacts with our chosen NoSQL .
This is the simplest way to solve our problem .
A more interesting solution would be to integrate search into NoSQL .
Think of an indexing stored procedure running within our NoSQL cluster and every time something changes , the same change is applied to elasticsearch as well .
Moreover , converting from either pure JSON , column based storage , or even Object based is just a matter of converting them into an indexable JSON that elasticsearch provides .
And , thanks to the fact that elasticsearch data model is flexible ( as explained in the Your Data , Your Search blog post ) , the conversion is extremely simple .
As an example , with GigaSpaces , we can register an event container ( against a customizable matching query / template ) that will automatically apply any changes done in the data grid into elasticsearch , the code would generally look something like this ( including a sneak peak at the upcoming elasticsearch Java API ) :
void on Event ( Object event , EntryArrivedRemoteEvent event ) { String index = " myIndex " ; String type = event.getClass().getSimpleName( ) ; String id = extractId ( event ) ; switch ( remoteEvent.getNotifyActionType( ) ) { case NOTIFY_LEASE_EXPIRATION : case NOTIFY_TAKE : esClient.delete(deleteRequest ( " myIndex " ) .type ( type ) .id( id ) ) ; break ; case NOTIFY_UPDATE : case NOTIFY_WRITE : esClient.index(indexRequest ( " myIndex " ) .type ( type ) .id( id ) .source( toJson( event ) ) ) ; break ; } }
When doing so , we can actually get all the features GigaSpaces provides as a high throughput , low latency , scalable data grid ( among many other features ) , with the option to perform full text search on all / part of the data stored .
Another example , which is already there to play with ( proper documentation coming soon ) is the integration done between Terrastore and elasticsearch .
Since terrastore handles data in JSON format , there is no conversion needed and applying changes in terrastore is just a matter of registering an EventListener ( simplified version of this code ) :
void onValueChanged ( final String bucket , final String key , final byte [ ] value ) { esClient.index(indexRequest ( " myIndex " ) .type ( bucket ) .id( key ) .source ( value ) ) ; } void onValueRemoved ( final String bucket , final String key ) { esClient.delete(deleteRequest ( " myIndex " ) .type ( bucket ) .id( key ) ) ; }
At the end , your system of record can be a database , a NoSQL product , or something else entirely .
With search becoming a requirement in any application built this days ( real time search is all the buzz ; ) ) , a proper thought into how to solve this problem will help you in the long run .
And remember , if your data needs scaling , you search solution has to be able to scale as well .
- shay .
banon
If someone is interested ( I sure as hell am ) at getting the same integration into other NoSQL solutions , such as Cassandra , HBase , riak , mongodb , and Project Voldemort , drop a line at elasticsearch and lets go for it .
Professional Painting Contractors in Portland , Oregon Residential & Commercial Painting Services
From house painting , to deck staining , to wallpaper removal , Fresh Coat offers a wide range of painting and painting - related services .
Your team of professional painters in Portland will approach every job with service in mind , working every project as if it were theirs .
You can even call us for commercial and office spaces , and since they 'll offer healthy options , your painters will have you back to work in no time .
You 'll get quality and service at a price you can afford .
We serve the areas of :
Portland
Beaverton
Hillsboro
Tigard
Gresham
And beyond !
Your personal project manager will keep you up - to - date on our progress throughout the entire process , and we always stand behind the quality of our work .
We ’ll even come in and paint one room so that you can feel confident in our process from the start .
At Fresh Coat Painters of Portland , we ’re proud to offer you a Fresh New Way to Paint .
Call us today at ( 503 ) 917-3184 to schedule a free estimate !
In general , I 'm pretty wary of store bought granola .
It tends to be very high in calories and bad fats .
I find I can make my own granola at home with wholesome ingredients , and it 's so much tastier .
You may notice that I include a bit of coconut in my granola .
While it is a bit high in saturated fat and calories , it is a whole plant food - and I suspect it 's fine in moderation .
If you do n't agree , you can substitute any chopped nut or whole seed for the coconut AND add in a 1/4 teaspoon of coconut extract .
This granola is great as a topping for yogurt , sorbet , smoothies ( Jamba Juice style ) , and even oatmeal .
It adds a nice zing !
Cozy Almond Coconut Granola
1 cup maple syrup
1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 cups rolled oats
1/3 cup silvered almonds
1/3 cup shredded coconut
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/4 teaspoon salt ( optional )
Preheat the oven to 300F
Mix the maple syrup and vanilla extract .
Pour the maple syrup mixture into a baking pan , and add in the remaining ingredients .
Mix until the oats are well coated .
Cook for 25 - 35 minutes , stirring every 5 - 10 minutes until the oats are brown .
Let cool completely and store in an airtight container .
Variations :
Add in chopped any dried fruit after the granola is completely cooled .
Woods has not been seen in public since the accident on 27 November
Lawyers for US golfer Tiger Woods have obtained a UK injunction preventing certain information purportedly about him being published .
The order was granted by a judge at the High Court in London , and concerns alleged information which cannot be disclosed for legal reasons .
Last week Woods apologised to his family for " transgressions " .
Speculation about his private life has been intense since he was involved in a car crash outside his Florida home .
Newspaper allegations followed about extra-marital affairs .
Woods has not been seen in public since the accident , in which his car hit a tree and fire hydrant .
The golfer , who was found bleeding and semi-conscious , was later charged with careless driving , which carries a $ 164 ( £ 98 ) fine and four points on his driving record .
Woods has become an international sporting icon since winning his first major in 1997 at the age of 21 .
At 33 , he is just four short of equalling Jack Nicklaus 's record of 18 major victories and is regarded as one of the world 's all - time great golfers .
Louis Vuitton makes handbags for spring that resemble trash bags with leather handles .
The Raindrop Besace purses retail for $ 1,960 each .
Refinery 29 reminds those interested in owning the bags of these words , spoken by DJ Pauly D : “ And in walks this girl with like garbage bags .
I thought that was kinda like ghetto , and like … weird . ”
We knew Jersey Shore style would catch on !!
[ Pipeline / Refinery 29 ]
Could be a leader .
Possible the game does n't go to the full diplo screen for some things like war declarations , or when a leader wan 's to contact you you can decline .
The clothes look like Isabella .
Which would mean Persia is almost certainly not in
An abandoned dog that was seen being " booted " out of a car on Brisbane 's northside was so badly starved it would have been dead within hours , authorities say .
A motorist driving to work at Dakabin , near Narangba , on Thursday morning watched in horror as the emaciated Staffordshire bull terrier - Boxer cross - breed was pushed out of a car near the intersection of Thompson and Alma roads .
' It 's basically a lot of skin stretched over bones ' ... the mistreated Staffy - cross .
Credit: RSPCA Queensland
The female dog , estimated to be between two and four years old , weighed just 12 kilograms - half the size of an animal of the same breed and proportions .
Lethargic and disorientated , the dog was also excreting milk , suggesting it had given birth to a litter of pups very recently .
Many people may find themselves unable to vote come polling day More than half of young people eligible to vote are not registered to do so , the elections watchdog has warned .
Officials have been urged to make " one final push " to get more people registered for the general election .
The Electoral Commission said more than 3.5 m people may not be registered .
Its research suggested 56 % of 17 - 25 year olds were not on the electoral roll .
Separately , the Hansard Society said its research suggested only 54 % of people were " certain " to vote .
It said participation among young , working class voters was likely to be especially low - with less than one in four saying they would definitely vote - signalling their " mistrust " of politicians .
Moving house
The Electoral Commission carried out research in eight local authorities representing urban and rural areas to establish how complete their electoral registers were .
People must be on the local electoral roll if they want to vote in the upcoming general election - widely expected to be held on 6 May .
HOW TO REGISTER TO VOTE
To vote in a general election your name must be on the electoral register Check with your local council to find out whether you are on it If you are not registered , you need to fill out and return a registration form
You can pick one up at your local election office or download one from the Electoral Commission website
Motivating young voters
The Commission said its findings suggested that 56 % of 17 to 24 - year - olds were not registered to vote , nor were 31 % of voters from ethnic minorities .
Of people who had moved house in the last year , only 21 % were registered .
People can register to vote from the age of 16 , although they will not be able to actually vote until they are 18 .
The watchdog said while London had always had low rates of people registered to vote , that " decline " may be spreading to other metropolitan areas .
It can not estimate the total number of people missing from electoral rolls until the next census is carried out in 2011 .
' Final push '
But it said 3.5 m eligible voters were missing in 2001 and due to a decline in registered voters in the early 2000s , there might be even more now .
In its annual assessment of the performance of returning officers , the Commission says generally they have improved across all areas .
But it said performance in raising public awareness of the need to register to vote was " particularly weak " .
HAVE YOUR SAY I do not believe any of the parties standing in the General Election deserve my vote Stephen Mortimer " In many instances promotional work appears to be a token approach to demonstrate that the statutory duty is being met , rather than reflecting a well - thought - out approach to improving registration rates in localities where they are lower , " the report said .
Commission chairman Jenny Watson said the general election could be called at any time and there may only be a few days to register once that happened .
She said the failure of some election officials to promote registration " is n't good enough " adding : " We have asked every registration officer to make one final push before the general election . "
She said more " co-ordination and leadership " was needed among the 379 local registration officers operating across Great Britain .
" And we need to ask fundamental questions about the timing of our annual canvass in the autumn when elections are typically in the spring , " she added .
' Relevance ' Publishing its annual audit of political engagement , the Hansard Society - which seeks to strengthen parliamentary democracy - said politicians faced a challenge to close the gap between the number of people who felt a " duty to vote " and those who actually did so .
A survey of more than 1,000 adults conducted for the charity by Ipsos Mori found that while 76 % of people questioned felt they had a duty to vote , only 54 % said they were absolutely certain to do so .
It said part of the problem was fewer people considered Parliament " relevant " to their lives , with only 19 % of people listing it as one of the most influential institutions in the UK - down 11 % from 2004 .
The Westminster expenses row had confirmed peoples ' already sceptical attitudes towards politicians rather than substantially further eroding trust , it said .
It also highlighted what it said was a difference between how the public viewed politicians in general and the work of individual MPs , with the latter being viewed much more favourably .
" The public have long been sceptical about the motives of politicians and the expenses situation has merely confirmed their views , " said Ruth Fox , director of its parliament and government programme .
" But the fact that the public now perceive Parliament to be a less relevant institution than previously is a worrying development that the new intake of MPs after the election must address . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At least 27 civilians died in a Nato air strike in southern Afghanistan , the Afghan cabinet says , revising downwards a prior statement that 33 were killed .
Nato said it hit a suspected insurgent convoy , but ground forces later found " a number of individuals killed and wounded " , including women and children .
Sunday 's attack , in Uruzgan province , was not part of a major Nato - led push in neighbouring Helmand province .
Civilian deaths in strikes have caused widespread resentment in Afghanistan .
ANALYSIS By Chris Morris , BBC News , Kabul
One of the problems with this kind of incident is that it undermines the confidence of Afghan people in military operations right around the country .
This was not part of the big military operation going on further south in Helmand , Operation Moshtarak , but when people in Afghanistan read of civilians being killed by foreign military forces , there is anger right across the political and social spectrum .
People feel that is exactly the kind of incident that pushes people towards the Taliban - so just what Nato did n't want at this time .
Last year , Gen Stanley McChrystal , the Nato and US commander in Afghanistan , introduced much tougher rules of engagement in a bid to minimise such casualties .
The BBC's Chris Morris in Kabul says three vehicles on a road were hit by the strike on Sunday morning .
A Nato statement said it was thought the convoy contained Taliban insurgents on their way to attack Afghan and foreign military forces .
But the governor of Uruzgan province told the BBC all of the dead were civilians .
He said the air strike took place in an area which is under Taliban control .
One of his spokesmen , Nisar Ahmad Khetab , said more than 40 people had been travelling in three vehicles when they were attacked .
He told the BBC Pashto service a delegation of elders had been sent to the area to investigate the deaths .
The Afghan government condemned the air strike , calling it " unjustifiable " and " a major obstacle " to effective counter - terrorism efforts .
In a revised statement , putting the death toll at 27 , the Afghan cabinet said four women and one child were among those killed .
The cabinet also called on Nato " to closely co-ordinate and exercise maximum care before conducting any military operation so that any possible mistakes that may result in harming civilians ... can be avoided " .
Government collapse Uruzgan province is where the Dutch mission to Afghanistan has been based since 2006 , with nearly 2,000 service personnel .
The Dutch mission in Uruzgan is often praised for its developmental focus
Over the weekend , the Dutch government collapsed over disagreements in the governing coalition on extending deployments in Afghanistan beyond August this year .
Gen McChrystal has apologised to Afghan President Hamid Karzai and pledged a full investigation into the latest deaths .
The Nato commander said in a statement : " We are extremely saddened by the tragic loss of innocent lives .
" I have made it clear to our forces that we are here to protect the Afghan people , and inadvertently killing or injuring civilians undermines their trust and confidence in our mission .
BOTCHED AFGHAN AIR RAIDS Sep 2009 : Up to 142 civilians die in Kunduz province when hijacked Up to 142 civilians die in Kunduz province when hijacked fuel tankers are bombed May 2009 : US says 26 civilians died in raid in US says 26 civilians died in raid in Farah province ; Afghan officials say 140 died Nov 2008 : Raid on a Kandahar village destroys a Raid on a Kandahar village destroys a housing complex leaving nearly 40 civilians dead Aug 2008 : Up to 90 people , including Up to 90 people , including 60 children , killed in Herat province , UN says July 2008 : Raid in Nangarhar mistakenly kills about 50 civilians at a Raid in Nangarhar mistakenly kills about 50 civilians at a wedding party
Uruzgan : Scarred region
Who are the Taliban ?
" We will redouble our efforts to regain that trust . "
Our correspondent says the strike was not linked to the Nato - led Operation Moshtarak , which is continuing in Helmand province , to the south of Uruzgan .
Last week , 12 civilians died in that offensive - whose name means " together " in Dari - when ground - launched rockets hit a home .
About 15,000 Nato and Afghan troops are involved in Moshtarak , now in its second week , and the largest operation since the Taliban were overthrown in 2001 .
The head of US Central Command , Gen David Petraeus , said on Sunday the operation , part of a revised strategy for combating insurgents , would probably last up to 18 months .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All events in connection to the Abel Prize Week in May are cancelled due to the Corona pandemic .
The 2020 Abel Prize Laureates Hillel Furstenberg and Gregory Margulis will be honoured , together with the Abel Prize Laureate(s ) of 2021 during next years Abel Prize Ceremony , May 25 2021 .
The Abel Prize for 2020 goes to Hillel Furstenberg , Hebrew University of Jerusalem , Israel​ and Gregory Margulis , Yale University , New Haven , CT , USA , for pioneering the use of methods from probability and dynamics in group theory , number theory and combinatorics . 
Graver talestol
The President of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters , Hans Petter Graver will announce the winner of the 2020 on March 18 .
The Academy 's choice of laureate is based on the Abel Committee 's recommendation .
The event will be in an all - digital format and streamed live from this location
( 02.03.2020 )
Originally Posted by dreadrok Originally Posted by
So I decided to get things rolling and document my progress through my first ever build , not to mention my new rig since my one from like 2002 just died and it was going to be more of a hassle to get her working again for shoddy performance .
Edo Competition added another luxury sports car to their list of tuning projects when they released the all new Aston Martin DBS .
Offering more power , agility , and comfort , the tuners new program for the Aston Martin is set to satisfy all customers .
Under the hood is where the guys at Edo tend to focus , so they hooked up this British ride with several pleasing parts .
Optimized ECU tuning software was used , along with the addition of a high performance exhaust system , special catalytic converters , and high flow air filters .
Thanks to these upgrades , the Aston Martin DBS now puts down 550 hp and 600 Nm of torque , with a 100 km/h sprint time of 4.1 seconds , and an overall top speed of 320 km/h .
To handle these new power numbers , Edo Competition had to modify the suspension for greater stability and control .
So they installed an adjustable sport suspension kit on the Aston Martin , and added large 21 - inch three - piece wheels with a special stainless steel out lip , which come wrapped in high performance Continental tires .
( front : 255/ 30 ZR 21 , rear : 295/ 25 ZR 21 ) An aftermarket braking system was needed after the power boost , so the Aston Martin DBS received 6 - piston monoblock calipers all around , and 405 mm rotors in the front , with 380 mm rotors for the rear .
Interior customizations from Edo include a carbon fiber shifter , carbon - made shifter console , and custom tailored luxury leather seating .
[ Source : automobilesreview ]
The video was first posted on a Web site called Netease , whose slogan is “ The Internet can gather power from the people . ”
The eighth Netizen comment reads : “ Have you seen how proud he was ?
He ’s a dead man now . ”
Later someone chimed in , “ Another official riding roughshod over the people ! ”
The human - flesh search began .
Users quickly matched a public photo of a local party official to the older man in the video and identified him as Lin Jiaxiang from the Shenzhen Maritime Administration .
“ Kill him , ” wrote a user named Xunleixing .
“ Otherwise China will be destroyed by people of this kind . ”
While Netizens saw this as a struggle between an arrogant official and a victimized family of common people , the staff members at Plum Garden , when I spoke to them , had a different take .
First , they were n’t sure that Lin had been trying to molest the girl .
Perhaps , they thought , he was just drunk .
The floor director , Zhang Cai Yao , told me , “ Maybe the government official just patted the girl on the head and tried to say , ‘ Thank you , you ’re a nice girl . ’ ” Zhang saw the struggle between Lin and the family as a kind of conflict she witnessed all too often .
“ It was a fight between rich people and officials , ” she says .
“ The official said something irritating to her parents , who are very rich . ”
Police said they did not have sufficient evidence to prosecute Lin , but that did n’t stop the government from firing him .
It was the same kind of summary dismissal as in the kitten - killer case — Lin drew attention to himself , and so it was time to go .
The government had the technology and the power to make a story like this one disappear , yet it did n’t stand up to the Netizens .
That is perhaps because this search took aim at a provincial - level official ; there have been no publicized human - flesh searches against central - government officials in Beijing or their offspring , even though many of them are considered corrupt .
Rebecca MacKinnon , a visiting fellow at Princeton University ’s Center for Information Technology Policy , argues that China ’s central government may actually be happy about searches that focus on localized corruption .
“ The idea that you manage the local bureaucracy by sicking the masses on them is actually not a democratic tradition but a Maoist tradition , ” she told me .
During the Cultural Revolution , Mao encouraged citizens to rise up against local officials who were bourgeois or corrupt , and human - flesh searches have been tagged by some as Red Guard 2.0 .
It ’s easy to denounce the tyranny of the online masses when you live in a country that has strong rule of law and institutions that address public corruption , but in China the human - flesh search engine is one of the only ways that ordinary citizens can try to go after corrupt local officials .
Cases like the Lin Jiaxiang search , as imperfect as their outcomes may be , are examples of the human - flesh search as a potential mechanism for checking government excess .
The human - flesh search engine can also serve as a safety valve in a society with ever mounting pressures on the government .
“ You ca n’t stop the anger , ca n’t make everyone shut up , ca n’t stop the Internet , so you try and channel it as best you can .
You try and manage it , kind of like a waterworks hydroelectric project , ” MacKinnon explained .
“ It ’s a great way to divert the qi , the anger , to places where it ’s the least damaging to the central government ’s legitimacy . ”
THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT has proved particularly adept at harnessing , managing and , when necessary , containing the nationalist passions of its citizens , especially those people the Chinese call fen qing , or angry youth .
Instead of wondering , in the run-up to the 2008 Beijing Olympics , why the world was so upset about China ’s handling of Tibet , popular sentiment in China was channeled against dissenting individuals , painted as traitors .
One young Chinese woman , Grace Wang , became the target of a human - flesh search after she tried to mediate between pro-Tibet and pro-China protesters at Duke University , where she is an undergraduate .
Wang told me that her mother ’s home in China was vandalized by human - flesh searchers .
Wang ’s mother was not harmed — popular uprisings are usually kept under tight control by the government when they threaten to erupt into real violence — but Wang told me she is afraid to return to China .
Certain national events , like the Tibet activism before the 2008 Olympics or the large - scale loss of life from the Sichuan earthquake , often produce a flurry of human - flesh searches .
Recent searches seem to be more political — taking aim at things like government corruption or a supposedly unpatriotic citizenry — and less focused on the kind of private transgressions that inspired earlier searches .
After the earthquake , in May 2008 , users on the B.B.S. of Douban , a Web site devoted to books , movies and music , discussed the government ’s response to the earthquake .
A woman who went by the handle Diebao argued that the government was using the earthquake to rally nationalist sentiment , and that , she wrote , was an exploitation of the tragedy .
Netizens challenged Diebao ’s arguments , saying that it was only right for China to speak in one voice after such a catastrophe .
These were heady days , and the people who disagreed with Diebao were n’t content to leave it at that .
In Guangzhou , the capital of Guangdong , Feng Junhua , a 25 - year - old man who on the Internet goes by the handle Hval , was getting worried .
Feng spent a lot of time on Douban , and , he told me later , he saw where the disagreement with Diebao was going — the righteous massing against the dissenter .
He e-mailed Diebao , who lived in Sichuan Province , to warn her of the danger and urge her to stop fighting with the other Netizens .
“ I found out that the other people were going to threaten her with the human - flesh search engine , ” he told me .
“ She wrote back to me , saying she wanted to talk them out of it . ”
Greetings geeky Fold !
Who can tell me what ’s WRONG with my depiction of V’GER ?
- bman
She " found a document that was sort of buried in its right place , but not taken out by an archivist for special treatment , " said Kaminski , the constitutional scholar .
" This is a valuable document .
It is in Wilson 's hand , and it was in Wilson 's papers , where it should have been . "
A large rock bisects the Brule River in Judge C. R. Magney State Park .
The water that flows to the east tumbles 50 feet down a cliff and continues toward Lake Superior .
The water that flows to the west enters a hole and disappears .
Known as Devil ’s Kettle , this water portal to nowhere has long puzzled Minnesotans .
In attempts to trace the underground flow , researchers have dropped objects such as ping - pong balls and dye into the hole .
But for centuries , the mysterious watery wonder continued to muddle the minds of anyone who came upon it .
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources conducted experiments in 2016 that finally seemed to solve the mystery .
In early 2017 , the department ’s scientists announced that they had , at long last , solved the riddle .
As it turns out , the water that tumbles into the kettle simply rejoins the river a little ways downstream .
The widow of Ian Tomlinson , the man who died at the G20 protests , has launched an emotional attack on the director of public prosecutions , accusing him of letting her down over his failure to decide whether the officer who assaulted her husband should be charged with manslaughter .
Julia Tomlinson accused Keir Starmer , who heads the Crown Prosecution Service , of misleading her family .
Her comments come days before the anniversary of the death of Tomlinson 12 months ago , and amid growing concern that the police have escaped largely unscathed from their controversial handling of last year 's protests in the City of London .
Figures obtained by the Guardian show that although almost 300 complaints were lodged about police behaviour during the G20 demonstrations , not a single officer has faced serious disciplinary action .
Tomlinson , a 47 - year - old newspaper seller , had been walking home from work through the protests in the City on 1 April when he was attacked from behind by a member of the Metropolitan police 's territorial support group ( TSG ) .
Last August the CPS was asked to consider whether the officer should be charged with manslaughter and , weeks later , Starmer promised swift action .
" My view on these things is we should move quickly , " he said , adding that he hoped for a decision " in a few months " .
CPS officials later told the Tomlinson family they could expect a decision by Christmas .
" Keir Starmer has let us down personally , " said Julia Tomlinson .
" Why did he say there would be a decision around Christmas ?
Why are we still waiting ?
My kids need to move on from this .
They 're left without a dad now and their lives have been turned upside down over the last year , especially the four girls .
He does n't seem to realise the pain we 're going through . "
She added : " We feel like there was a cover - up from day one , and we did n't see it because we were nervous about the police .
Now a year on it still feels like all of that is still going on .
If it had been someone on the street , a civilian , who had pushed and hit Ian just before he died , and it was all caught on video , surely something would have happened by now .
The officer needs to go before a jury .
Let them decide what should happen to him . "
Last night the CPS said that delays were due to outstanding clarification required from the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) , which initially investigated the death .
" In December the CPS asked the IPCC to undertake some further inquiries .
Having received that material , in February the CPS asked the IPCC for clarification of further evidence that is crucial to the issues in this case . "
Human rights campaigners and MPs will join the Tomlinson family near the Bank of England on Thursday to lay flowers near the spot where he died .
They plan to release a letter complaining about the " intolerable " inaction over his death , which they say raises serious questions about the police complaints process .
While a large number of officers were the subject of complaints after the G20 , the number of protesters to have been prosecuted has been small in comparison with other major demonstrations .
Data held by the CPS shows that seven members of the public have so far been convicted of violent conduct , criminal damage and public order offences at or during the demonstration , including a handful who were identified as having taken part in the ransacking of a branch of the Royal Bank of Scotland .
A further eight G20 prosecutions are pending , while two resulted in acquittals .
Prosecutors dropped charges in their largest case , which involved 11 members of the Space Hijackers , an anarchist group whose members arrived at G20 protests in a tank , dressed in police - style helmets and boiler suits .
The theatrical activists , some wearing red stockings , were arrested and later charged with impersonating police officers .
They are suing the Met for wrongful arrest and false imprisonment .
However , hundreds of officers have been forced to explain their actions after complaints from the public .
In total the IPCC received 296 complaints about police behaviour , and decided to independently investigate six .
They included the Tomlinson case , and that of a 23 - year - old woman who was told by a doctor she may have suffered a miscarriage after being kicked , punched and pushed with shields and batons .
The IPCC found that despite the woman 's serious injuries , she was not allowed out of a police cordon for more than five hours .
Another case involved a TSG sergeant , Delroy Smellie , who went on trial this week accused of assaulting a female protester at a memorial vigil for Tomlinson on 2 April .
Footage posted on YouTube was played to Westminster magistrates court showing Smellie , 47 , back - handing protester Nicola Fisher , 36 , before striking her twice on the legs with his baton .
Fisher , who was described by witnesses as having been aggressive towards the police , failed to turn up to give evidence , while Smellie , who denies assault , said he mistook the camera and carton of orange juice the activist was carrying for weapons .
A district judge is expected to hand down a verdict in the case next week .
More than 200 IPCC complaints – the majority – were forwarded to internal police complaints departments , which received supervision from the IPCC in about 60 cases .
Some of those cases are still undecided , according to provisional figures obtained by the Guardian .
The data show that only a tiny fraction of complaints have been upheld , while several officers escaped with " words of advice " or written warnings .
Of the cases adjudicated by the Met 's directorate of professional standards , the largest complaints unit , 195 were found to be unsubstantiated , withdrawn , dispensed with or otherwise discontinued , with only two substantiated .
Both officers received written warnings .
Police reform campaigners argue that the failure to discipline officers has exposed an ineffective police complaints system that has led to a " culture of impunity " .
In the four years leading up to the protests , for example , the TSG , the specialist unit of 730 officers at the centre of controversy after the G20 , received more than 5,000 complaints , mostly for " oppressive behaviour " .
Of those , only nine were substantiated after an investigation by the Met 's internal complaints unit .
In their defence , senior officers at the Met say they have learned from their mistakes at the G20 , and there is evidence of a change in the tactics used at demonstrations .
Next week the Association of Chief Police Officers will release for consultation a " manual " for policing protests , setting out revised guidance for officers which emphasises their duty to facilitate peaceful protest .
Home Office ministers have also produced a code of practice , likely to be unveiled after the election .
Both documents seek to implement the far - reaching reforms called for by Denis O'Connor , the chief inspector of constabulary .
His report last year into public order policing , a direct response to the G20 controversy , went further than many expected , warning that the police risked losing public support unless they adopted a more impartial , accountable style of policing rooted in " public consent " .
O'Connor 's findings echoed the conclusions of two parliamentary inquiries into the Met 's handling of the G20 , both of which made serious criticisms about some police treatment of protesters and journalists .
Already , the Met and other forces have adopted a " community - style " approach to protest , rolling back on the widespread use of forward intelligence teams , the units used to openly monitor protesters , and cutting down on the use of anti-terrorist legislation against activists .
The protest movement is sceptical that the change will be lasting .
For the Tomlinson family , who have asked the public to gather at 11 am on Thursday , it is not police reform that they will be calling for , but justice .
" In the last year there have been all these reports about policing protest but they do n't seem to want to mention Ian , " Julia Tomlinson said .
" We just need a few more people on our side , to say Ian was a decent person who should have been allowed to walk home from work to watch the football that night .
And for that to happen to him was wrong . "
New York banker who shot the Tomlinson video
I was at Bank station again a few days ago , and it was quite strange being back .
Naturally , the area had returned to normal as the shops were open , no one was throwing bottles and people were busily running around after work ; it was as though nothing of consequence had happened .
I 've been greeted by everything from admiration to derision for releasing this video to the public , as I put myself at potentially great risk by doing so .
My motive was and remains to aid truth and closure for the family , though in hindsight it has become much more than that .
As the press coverage went on following the Tomlinson incident , it felt more and more clear that the circumstances of the death were being covered up .
Given a few weeks , Mr Tomlinson would have become another tragic footnote and then forgotten .
His family deserved more than that .
Of course , I could not know that the case would grab the nation 's attention the way it did .
I 'm gratified that this incident sparked a needed policy review , as it became evident later that police aggression during public events was happening more often than it should .
I ask myself " What if ? " a lot about that day .
What if the police had not called in the dogs , which started a panic in the crowd ?
What if Mr Tomlinson were 5ft further away , just out of reach of the baton ?
What if , sensing danger as he got too close to the line , I had just walked 20ft up to him and escorted him to safety ?
None of us could have known what was to happen , but those possibilities still weigh on me nonetheless . "
BRUSSELS  European officials told Greece on Tuesday that it must immediately explain how the government used complex financial tactics engineered by Wall Street to mask its rising debt , and warned that they might widen their inquiry to other countries that use the euro .
Finance ministers gathered here also gave Greece one month to prove it could cut its deficit this year to 8.7 percent of the nation ’s economic output , from 12.7 percent .
If a review finds that Greece ’s blueprint for deficit reduction is too weak , officials will demand deeper spending cuts .
Greece ’s huge public deficit and high debt levels have prompted a crisis of confidence in the financial markets , and the European single currency is facing its biggest test since its inception .
Meanwhile , Greek civil servants took to the streets on Tuesday to protest government austerity measures .
Customs inspectors , tax collectors , trade unions and other unions have gone on strike in recent weeks , and each new wave of strikes appears to be more strident .
On Tuesday , a bomb exploded at JPMorgan Chase ’s offices in Athens , The Associated Press reported .
No one was injured .
George Lobsenz ’s article in yesterday ’s issue of The Energy Daily correctly pointed out that the Department of Energy ’s decision to provide the contractors who run the nuclear weapons labs with major relief from federal oversight was done “ Without any prior public review or comment . ”
DOE ’s decision was made public after POGO released a March 16 memo from Deputy Energy Secretary Daniel Poneman .
Lobsenz ’s story also smartly references the Government Accountability Office 's ( GAO ) analysis which concluded that DOE needs more independent federal oversight , not less .
POGO ’s greatest concern about DOE ’s decision is that it cuts the legs off the Department 's Office of Health , Safety , and Security ( HSS ) .
In the memo , DOE leadership spells out to HSS , which is supposed to be an independent office , that its mission is now to streamline requirements for the Labs and that its not up to them to be responsible for safety and security .
HSS , through the security oversight inspections it conducts , has been the one entity within DOE to identify serious security problems and get them resolved .
For example , POGO was assured that security was fine at a facility holding more than one ton of weapons - grade material at Los Alamos , but when the site failed several HSS - run performance tests , which use mock terrorists to determine the adequacy of the defense of our nuclear weapons labs , DOE and Congress then demanded the material be removed from the site .
Similarly , in April 2008 , HSS ’s mock - terrorists tested the security at Livermore Lab , defeated the protective guard force , and succeeded in both stealing the simulated special nuclear material and using it to create an improvised nuclear device .
After the failed security tests and more than a decade of delay , DOE is now in the final stages of removing the material from that Lab .
Frank Munger ’s Atomic City Underground also covered the memo and pointed out that the reforms “ will be implemented in a hurry . ”
This is another reason it is key that Congress get involved and demand that the oversight office at DOE be independent .
-- Peter Stockton and Ingrid Drake
3D Ripper DX
Overview
With 3D Ripper DX you can : - capture all geometry , textures and shaders , rendered during single frame ;
- import captured geometry into 3D Studio Max or Maya ;
- see what exactly has been drawn by each individual draw call ;
- see renderstate , textures , vertex streams , index stream , vertex declaration , vertex and pixel shaders ( including HLSL source code if available ) of each individual draw call .
3D Ripper DX supports only DirectX 6.x , 8.x and 9.x applications .
OpenGL , older versions of DirectX and software renderers are not supported .
Import plugin should work with 3DS Max versions 5.0 - 9.0 , 2009 and 2011 .
See Quick start guide
Download
Current version is 1.8.2 , download .
Version history
Version 1.8.1
---------------------------
- increased stability ;
- fixed crashes due to out of memory ;
- better instancing support ;
- minor fixes ;
Version 1.8
---------------------------
- DirectX 6 support ( beta )
- 3ds Max 2011 [ Design ] plugins ;
- 3ds Max 2009 plugins
- 3ds Max 2010 [ Design ] 64 - bit plugin ;
Version 1.7
---------------------------
- " Global monitoring mode " now works on Vista / Windows7 ;
- 3DS Max 2010 Design 32 - bit plugin ;
- better support for DirectX 8 applications ;
- better support for VS3.0 ( ' whole mesh is planar ' fix ) ;
- vertex and pixel shaders disassembly is saved properly for DirectX 8 apps ;
- better FOV determination ;
- support for Direct3D9Ex ;
- better interception ( LoadLibraryEx ) ;
- minor fixes ;
Version 1.6rc1.3
---------------------------
- added DirectX 8.0 suport ;
- float renderstates now correctly displayed ;
- FOV determination enchanced ;
- fixed bug in global monitoring mode shutdown ;
- fixed bug in fixed vertices processor ;
- fixed bug in QueryInterface ( ) ;
- added check for DirectX runtime installation ; Version 1.5
---------------------------
- automatic FOV and Aspect ratio determination ;
- FOV input editbox moved to import plugin interface ;
- hooking strategy has been changed .
New method is less intrusive and more stable ;
- removed dependency from installed DirectX 9.0 update version .
Works fine with any version ;
- Updated to DirectX 9.0 August 2007 update ;
- capture files are named " frame [ date ] _[ time ] .3dr " ;
- fixed minor bug in DrawPrimitiveUP ( ) and DrawIndexedPrimitiveUP ( ) capturing ;
- fixed : " Ready to capture " label is blinking randomly ;
- fixed : " Ready to capture " label does not apper , but 3D Ripper DX actually works ;
Version 1.4d
---------------------------
- better fixed function support ;
- fixed bug : some meshes are wrongly recognized as 2D , and not captured ;
- updated to DirectX 9.0c April 2007 ;
Version 1.4c
---------------------------
- fixed bug in MyCreateProcess W ( ) ;
- fixed bug in SwapChainProxy ( ) ;
Version 1.4b
---------------------------
- DrawPrimitiveUP ( ) and DrawIndexedPrimitiveUP ( ) support ;
Version 1.4a
---------------------------
- advanced texture capture : now can capture POOL_DEFAULT textures ;
- better renderstate verbose ;
- new import option : ignore if RGBWRITE is disabled ;
- fixed : installer does not retrive 3DS MAX 5.x path correctly ;
- fixed : crash when output directory does not exists ;
- fixed : crash on pre-transformed vertices ;
- fixed : buffer overrun in myWinExec ( ) with long strings ;
Version 1.4
---------------------------
- full Shader Model 3.0 support ;
- instancing support ;
- new feature : Pre- and Post - TnL cache efficiency measurement ;
- faster capture ;
- fixed : low accuracy of Wavefront .OBJ texture coordinates ;
- minor fixes and enhacements in verbose code ;
- fixed installer : wrong directory for 3DS MAX 9.0 plugin ;
- support for apllications , using multiple direct3D devices ;
Version 1.3b
---------------------------
- fixed Wavefront .OBJ export ;
- fixed : does not work if output directory name contains '.';
Version 1.3a
---------------------------
- added support for applications using multiple Direct3DDevice ( ) objects ;
Version 1.3
---------------------------
- optional Wavefront .OBJ export ;
- fixed 3DS MAX 5.0 support ;
- added 3ds max 9.0 support ;
- fixed bug : crash when DIP ( ) is called with numPrimitives=0 ;
- fixed bug : quartz.dll crash ;
- fixed bug : wrong reference counting of some objects ;
- fixed bug : wrong command line parameters passed if executable filename contains spaces ;
Version 1.2a
---------------------------
- minor bugfixes ;
Version 1.2
---------------------------
- less intrusive , more stable capture ;
- much lower memory usage in " 1 object = 1 drawcall " mode ;
- capturing all 8 texture coordinate sets ;
- all 8 texture stages are assigned as sub-mtls in 3DS Max ;
- minor enhancements ; Version 1.1
---------------------------
- support for applications which use IDirect3DSwapChain -> Present ( ) ;
- remove double faces order added ; Version 1.0
---------------------------
- initial release
Links
Quick start guide
- Start 3D Reaper DX .
- Select analyzed application executable file and specify command line parameters .
- Select directories for storing captures frames , shaders and textures .
- Press  Launch button .
If 3D Ripper DX is initialized properly , than  Ready to capture label will be displayed at the top left corner of the screen .
If not , than this is not a DirectX9 application  3D Ripper DX will not work .
- Capture one or several frames with  F12  key ( can be changed in options ) .
Depending on how efficient game draws frame , it can take from 20 seconds to 20 minutes .
- Exit application .
- Start 3D Studio Max .
- Select  File ->Import , 3DR format .
- Select file with captured frame ( should be named  frameXXXX.3dr ) .
You must specify back projection parameters ( FOV , Aspect Ratio ) .
FOV value can be specified for height of screen , or for width of screen .
Aspect ratio is physical aspect ratio of monitor .
Starting from version 1.5 , 3D Reaper DX is able to estimate required parameters .
Just click on item in " Recommended parameters " combo box .
Leave all other options default .
Plugin will load frame geometry into 3DS Max .
1000 objects ( typical draw call count ) take a lot of memory , do n't even try it with less than 1GB RAM !
- Enter  Display  tab and select  Display objects by color option to visually see what exactly has been drawn by each individual draw call .
- Select single object , select  Edit -> Object properties .. , switch to  User defined tab .
- See renderstate , textures , vertex streams , index stream , vertex declaration , vertex and pixel shaders used with this draw call .
- examine object 's material and see what textures have been bent to each stage :
- examine all 8 captured 2D texture coordinate sets :
- Or render scene !
Maya import
Maya import is limited by Wavefront .OBJ file format .
Only geometry , texture coordinates and maps can be imported .
Make sure you set " Also capture to Wavefront .OBJ " option in 3D Ripper DX launcher .
In Maya , select Import -> .
Obj file format .
OBJ and MTL files are stored in 3 DR output directory .
Objects in Maya will appear distorted .
Open OBJ file in notepad , and look at the first few lines :
# AR=1.38330 , FOV=45.00000 ( height ) , Xscale : 0.57298 , Yscale : 0.41421 , Zscale : 1.0
There are non-uniform scale parameters to be applied to the scene .
Global monitoring mode
If 3D Ripper DX is unable to inject itself into application , it can enter global monitoring mode .
In this mode , 3D Ripper DX sits in tray and injects itself into every launched application .
In this mode , injector is using undocumented features , and may crash the system .
Please save your work before enabling global monitoring mode .
Right - click on 3D Ripper DX icon in tray to exit global monitoring mode .
Post - and Pre -TnL cache efficiency measurement
Starting from the version 1.4 , 3D Ripper DX measures how well vertices are organized for Pre- and Post - TnL vertex cache ( reported in " Object properties -> User " in 3DS MAX ) .
When rendering using the hardware transform - and - lighting ( TnL ) pipeline or vertex - shaders , the GPU intermittently caches transformed and lit vertices .
Storing these post - transform and lighting ( post - TnL ) vertices avoids recomputing the same values whenever a vertex is shared between multiple triangles and thus saves time .
The post - TnL cache increases rendering performance by up to 2x .
More detailed information can be found here and here .
3D Ripper DX measures vertex cache efficiency for caches of 16 , 20 , 24 and 32 vertices .
Efficiency is cache misses per triangle ( less is better ) .
It also calculates possible efficiency by optimizing indices with D3DXOptimizeFaces ( ) and OptmizeFacesLRU ( ) .
Source code for OptmizeFacesLRU ( ) routine can be found in " C: \Program Files\3DRipperDX\SRC\VCache.h " .
This is my implementation of Tom Forsyth algorthm , described here .
Happy Birthday Portal : Prelude !
Posted by Nicolas ( permalink )
Today , it 's been exactly one year since we first released Portal : Prelude .
It was a hell of a year , but even if there 's still some people discovering or playing the mod for the first time right now as I write , things highly cooled down .
We tried to calculate the total download count , but this is just too hard to do after one year .
Some websites have gone down , some websites do n't count downloads , some others resetted their counters and some did n't even changed for a few months .
There was an approximate additionnal 200,000 downloads during the last 25 weeks , which means people still download the mod on an average basis of 1150 times a day .
That 's still a good score .
According to statistics and extrapolations , the mod was approximately downloaded 1,000,000 times since the release .
But that still does n't count magazines , sharing websites and peer to peer softwares , which probably represent at least 50 % more players .
I guess you , people , liked what we did .
So , thanks , and if you do n't get what I 'm talking about , refer yourself to the ' Reminder ' article .
Engineering researchers have crafted a flat surface that refuses to get wet .
Water droplets skitter across it like ball bearings tossed on ice .
The inspiration ?
Not wax .
Not glass .
Not even Teflon .
Instead , University of Florida engineers have achieved what they label in a new paper a " nearly perfect hydrophobic interface " by reproducing , on small bits of flat plastic , the shape and patterns of the minute hairs that grow on the bodies of spiders .
" They have short hairs and longer hairs , and they vary a lot .
And that is what we mimic , " said Wolfgang Sigmund , a professor of materials science and engineering .
A paper about the surface , which works equally well with hot or cold water , appears in this month 's edition of the journal Langmuir .
Spiders use their water - repelling hairs to stay dry or avoid drowning , with water spiders capturing air bubbles and toting them underwater to breathe .
Potential applications for UF 's ultra - water - repellent surfaces are many , Sigmund said .
When water scampers off the surface , it picks up and carries dirt with it , in effect making the surface self - cleaning .
As such , it is ideal for some food packaging , or windows , or solar cells that must stay clean to gather sunlight , he said .
Boat designers might coat hulls with it , making boats faster and more efficient .
advertisement
Sigmund said he began working on the project about five years ago after picking up on the work of a colleague .
Sigmund was experimenting with microscopic fibers when he turned to spiders , noted by biologists for at least a century for their water - repelling hairs .
As a scientist and engineer , he said , his natural tendency was to make all his fibers the same size and distance apart .
But he learned that spider hairs are both long and short and variously curved and straight , forming a surface that is anything but uniform .
He decided to try to mimic this random , chaotic surface using plastic hairs varying in size but averaging about 600 microns , or millionths of a meter .
The results came as a great surprise .
" Most people that publish in this field always go for these perfect structures , and we are the first to show that the bad ones are the better ones , " Sigmund said .
" Of course this is a finding in a lab .
This is not something you expect from theory . "
To be sure , water - repelling surfaces or treatments are already common , spanning shoe wax to caulk to car windshield treatments .
Scientists have also reproduced other biologically inspired water repelling surfaces , including ones patterned after lotus leaves .
advertisement
But Sigmund said the UF surface may be the most or among the most water phobic .
Close - up photographs of water droplets on dime - sized plastic squares show that the droplets maintain their spherical shape , whether standing still or moving .
Droplets bulge down on most other surfaces , dragging a kind of tail as they move .
Sigmund said his surface is the first to shuttle droplets with no tail .
Also , unlike many water - repelling surfaces , the UF one relies entirely on the microscopic shape and patterns of the material -- rather than its composition .
In other words , physics , not chemistry , is what makes it water repellent .
Theoretically , that means the technique could transform even the most water - sopping materials -- say , sponges -- into water - shedding ones .
It also means that Sigmund 's surfaces need never slough off dangerous chemicals .
Provided the surface material itself is made safe , making it water repellent introduces no new risks .
Although he has n't published the research yet , Sigmund said a variation of the surface also repels oil , a first for the industry .
Sigmund said making the water or oil - repelling surfaces involves applying a hole - filled membrane to a polymer , heating the two , and then peeling off the membrane .
Made gooey by the heat , the polymer comes out of the holes in the desired thin , randomly sized fibers .
While inexpensive , it is hard to produce successful surfaces with great reliability , and different techniques need to be developed to make the surfaces in commercially available quantities and size , Sigmund said .
Also , he said , more research is needed to make the surfaces hardy and resistant to damage .
UF patents have already drawn a great deal of industry attention , he said .
" We are at the very beginning but there is a lot of interest from industry , because our surface is the first one that relies only on surface features and can repel hot water , cold water , and if we change the chemistry , both oil and water . "
Doctoral student Shu -Hau Hsu and undergraduate Eli Rubin contributed to the research , funded in part by a scholarship from Ohio - based OMNOVA Solutions Foundation .
It was not long ago when President Barack Obama ’s new drug czar , former Seattle police chief Gil Kerlikowske , swept into Washington , D.C. and declared the “ drug war ” a public policy relic .
The Obama administration , he said , would move toward handling drug addiction as a medical problem , moving away from the brash enforcement tactics that hallmarked prior administrations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re not at war with people in this country , ” Kerlikowske told The Wall Street Journal in May .
However , if the Office of National Drug Control Policy ’s ( ONDCP ) budget for fiscal year 2011 is to be believed , Kerlikowske was full of hot air .
According to 2011 funding “ highlights ” released by the ONDCP ( PDF link ) , the Obama administration is growing the drug war and tilting its funds heavily toward law enforcement over treatment .
The president ’s National Drug Control Budget also continues the Bush administration ’s public relations tactic of obscuring the costs of prosecuting and imprisoning drug offenders .
“ Enron style accounting , ” is how drug policy reform advocate Kevin Zeese described it , writing for Alternet in 2002 .
The budget places America ’s drug war spending at $ 15.5 billion for fiscal year 2011 ; an increase of 3.5 percent over FY 2010 .
That figure reflects a 5.2 percent increase in overall enforcement funding , growing from $ 9.7 billion in FY 2010 to $ 9.9 billion in FY 2011 .
Addiction treatment and preventative measures , however , are budgeted at $ 5.6 billion for FY 2011 , an increase from $ 5.2 billion in FY 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
In short , the Obama administration ’s appropriations for treating drug addiction are just short of half that dedicated to prosecuting the war .
A ONDCP press release describes these figures as “ balanced . ”
“ The new budget proposal demonstrates the Obama Administration ’s commitment to a balanced and comprehensive drug strategy , ” Kerlikowske added , in the advisory .
“ In a time of tight budgets and fiscal restraint , these new investments are targeted at reducing Americans ’ drug use and the substantial costs associated with the health and social consequences of drug abuse . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It sure was an encouraging signal when Drug Czar Kerlikowske declared that the ‘ war on drugs ’ was over shortly after he took the job last year , ” commented Tom Angel , spokesman for Law Enforcement Against Prohibition .
“ But until the budget numbers match up with rhetoric , it looks like the war is still being waged . ”
The careful unit - balancing means it is possible to take down a flock of tanks with a swarm of tier - 1 infantry , which is an admirable achievement from a series traditionally known for races up the tech tree .
But it would be much easier , and much more fun , to use tier - 2 Mammoths and Scorpion Tanks , or tier - 3 Support powers that blow up half the screen , which you can't do for too long .
Sensibly , the experience points - earned from kills , achievements and grabbing respawning lumps of Tiberium - are at least shared between single - player , the co-op campaign , skirmish and multiplayer , so you can get a bit of headstart before wandering online .
On the other hand , this means you do n't even get to play with the best stuff in the campaign unless you come back to it later .
A playthrough of one of the two short campaigns and a few skirmish , co-op or multiplayer muckabouts will get you to level 10 without too much pain - seven or eight hours , I 'd say - at which point you can access about 50 per cent of the unlocks .
Getting all the way to the top , and the really big toys , will take a whole lot longer - especially as you need to level up GDI and Nod separately .
It must have looked like a great idea on paper .
" The kids love Modern Warfare !
Let 's do that , but in an RTS !
We can't fail . "
But they have failed .
It 's depressing and infuriating to look at your build and powers menus and see lots of little padlocks .
STOP CRYING .
Please .
Stop. Crying .
This is n't how RTS works - that choice and spread of units is key .
It 's just a grindy , exaggerated throwback to the bad old days of single - player RTS campaigns , when all sense of momentum and progress was artificially hung around denying you the better units until the later levels .
It 's like a long , unskippable tutorial .
The upside is that you 'll definitely learn the units rather than make a dash for the big stuff every time .
You 'll really come to value the tier - 1 infantry and especially the bouncy , healy / grabby / fighty Engineers .
The downside is : give me the game I have paid for !
These are n't just a few fun bonuses .
They 're the entire bloody tech tree .
It 's even harder to accept because it also seems like a feeble attempt to justify the always - online requirement .
Yep , just like Ubisoft 's contempt - to - the - max DRM system , this will kick you out if your net connection drops for any reason - even in single - player .
That the game is constantly monitoring and uploading your experience - point count is n't justification enough , because there 's no reason it can't wait to do that until you 're next back online , just like consoles do with their unlocks .
C&C4 has an engine that plays really nicely on a mid-range laptop , but you wo n't be able to play the game on a train , a plane , a holiday , an oilrig or a subterranean cave - system inhabited by molemen unless there 's Wi -Fi in range .
It 's the misjudgement cherry on top of a whole cake of weird decisions .
Imitation is the sincerest form of Hothery .
There is redemption of a sort .
Once you 've got most of the toys in hand , the multiplayer is a really good time , especially because of its teamplay focus .
The Defence guy locks down the spawn and capture points with turrets and infantry - filled bunkers , Offence guy swarms around the map grabbing caps and trashing enemy crawlers with tanks and walkers , and Support guy causes trouble with planes and powers , such as mines and healing rays .
With close - quarters maps and no glacial up - front building , it means instant , constant warfare , and a genuine opportunity for even the most inept player to enjoy the carnage and chaos of online RTS .
The respawning Crawlers and lack of resources means it 's basically impossible to not build an army and go thump something .
At the same time , the careful countering and the unlock system means adept players can really excel .
Casuals might kill enough things to level up , but they 're unlikely to win .
It 's nothing at all like Command & Conquer , but - eventually - it's a thoughtful and bombastic multiplayer RTS that 's welcoming to everyone .
It was also revealed that the owner of a 99 p store in Wolverhampton had to shut down after penny - pinching customers demanded 1 p change , while another man took a job as a debt collector only to have to hassle his own family for repayments .
FRANKFURT , March 3 ( Reuters ) - European Union finance ministers are pushing the European Central Bank to develop its own rating system for euro zone countries , German business daily Handelsblatt reported on Wednesday , citing EU finance ministry sources .
The paper quoted one official saying the plan would free the euro zone from its dependency on international rating agencies such as Standard & Poors , Moody ’s and Fitch .
“ The agencies have been completely wrong in the case of Lehman .
Who can be sure that they wo n’t be wrong again , ” the source from the Ecofin group of finance ministers said .
The ECB said it had no comment on the plans .
ECB policymakers have been made acutely aware of problems of the current system by Greece ’s growing troubles .
Were Moody ’s to downgrade Greece below the crucial ‘ A ’ threshold -- as the other two main agencies have -- Greek debt would not be able to be used as collateral in ECB lending operations come the end of the year .
Ewald Nowotny , a member of the ECB ’s Governing Council , said the situation was “ not acceptable , ” on Tuesday .
Lamar Alexander , John Barasso , Bob Bennett , Jim Bunning , Richard Burr , Tom Coburn , Bob Corker , John Cornyn , Mike Crapo , Jim DeMint , John Ensign , Mike Enzi , Judd Gregg , Orrin Hatch , Mike Johanns , Mitch McConnell , James Risch , Jeff Sessions and John Thune .
Those are the guys who decided Tuesday night that Americans limping along on meager unemployment benefits apparently are , in the word chosen by Nevada Rep.
Dean Heller , " hobos . "
They all voted against extending those benefits .
If you 're drawing such benefits in Tennessee , Kentucky , Wyoming , Utah or Idaho , you have both of your Senators to thank for telling you to get off the dole and get a job ya lazy bum .
Yep .
Who would want to work instead of enjoying all that these magnificent government checks will buy ?
It 's such a cush life on the $ 275 weekly maximum you can draw from unemployment coffers if you live in Tennessee , where the jobless rate is 10.9 % .
If it 's you , your spouse and a couple of kids in the family , those benefits will put you $ 8,000 below the federal poverty line .
That is , if you were lucky enough before being laid off to work in a job covered by unemployment insurance in the first place .
Only 38 % of out - of - work Americans have that option .
But whether you 're covered by benefits or are one of the less fortunate 62 % , the above 19 members of the Party of No Way , No How have a couple of words for you :
Tough shit .
Like Jim Bunning riding the Senators - only elevator , they all just keep giving out - of - work Americans the finger .
Those exact same 19 Senators plus 19 of their Republican colleagues also voted against the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act a year ago .
And most of them were on board to oppose the teensy job - creation bill that passed the Senate last month .
Bums with comfy jobs and Cadillac health coverage , their snouts buried to the ears in the public trough , all of them saying no , no , no to the record 6.3 million who have been out of work for 27 weeks or longer .
And yet they dare to show their faces in public .
The TTC wants to install suicide barriers on its subway platforms , possibly within three or four years at some stations .
Councillors on the transit commission recommended Wednesday that the barriers , known as platform screen doors , be added to the capital budget between 2011 and 2015 .
But with the TTC anticipating a $ 1.5 billion capital shortfall by the end of the decade , the cost of up to $ 10 million per station has no funding yet .
“ Anything that would add to the capital shortfall would be the responsibility of the province and the city to cover , ” said TTC chair Adam Giambrone .
Platform screen doors are in use on subways around the world , including London , Paris , Barcelona , Hong Kong and Rome , according to a TTC report .
The platform doors must line up precisely with the train doors , something that ca n’t be done manually but will be possible once the TTC installs its new computerized signaling system , called automatic train control .
The first phase , from Eglinton to Union , wo n’t be complete until 2013 , and it will be 2015 before it is installed all the way to Downsview .
As well as suicide and accident prevention , the barriers would permit trains to move faster , stop people from jamming the doors and keep garbage from falling to the tracks , where it sometimes catches fire and causes delays .
The TTC reported 18 suicide attempts last year , 77 incidents of unauthorized people going down to track level , and 14 accidental falls .
“ Suicide is an illness and it is not something within the person ’s control .
Anything they can do to prevent suicide is going to save lives , and I think they have a responsibility to do that since the technology exists , ” said barrier advocate Lindsay Hill , a lawyer , wife and mother who has personally suffered from mental illness .
“ Sometimes you walk down to the platform and you hear the silence and you hear the rushing wind , and that calls to you , ” she told the commission .
TTC vice - chair Joe Mihevc said the commission will need mental health advocates to support the call for provincial and federal funds to pay for the barriers .
The TTC has an awareness program to help employees spot people who may be in distress on the system .
Finalmente qualcosa di nuovo nel mercato delle motherboard Intel X58 , che finora sembrava aver ceduto il passo all ' innovazione incentrata sul mid-end P55 .
MSI ha infatti annunciato Big Bang XPower , una scheda madre che integra tutte le ultime feature tra cui SATA III e USB 3.0 .
MSI è pronta per il lancio di una nuova motherboard high - end con socket Intel LGA - 1366 e piattaforma Intel Core i7 .
Big Bang XPower , questo il nome della scheda madre , è basata sulla classica accoppiata chipset Intel X58 + ICH10 R , ed offre ben 6 slot PCI - Express x16 con pieno supporto a CrossFireX , SLI e spazio sempre disponibile per eventuali acceleratori dedicati PhysiX ed altri device PCI - Express ( ad esempio , un SSD ) .
Presenti inoltre i nuovissimi standard SATA 6Gb/s ( terza generazione ) nonchè l'USB 3.0 tramite controller aggiuntivi .
La CPU è alimentata da una sezione di alimentazione PWM DrMOS a 16 fasi , che fa uso di ben due connettori di alimentazione ad 8 pin .
Inoltre , presenti a bordo condensatori High - C per un'elevata durata .
Un connettore di alimentazione aggiuntivo da 6 pin PCI - Express , inoltre , offre ultriore stabilità agli slot PCI - Express .
I sei slot per memorie RAM DIMM DDR3 sono gestiti da un'alimentazione VRM a 3 fasi .
La sezione Audio è affidata alla Quantum Wave Audio Card , che viene installata nello slot PCI - Express x1 ed offre audio a 7.1 canali con supporto a THX TruStudio PC Suite ed EAX 5.0 HD .
La Big Bang XPower offre due interfacce Gigabit Ethernet , due porte USB 3.0 e svariate altre 2.0 , FireWire e due prese di alimentazione eSATA .
Il controller Intel ICH10 R , ovviamente , gestisce le sei porte SATA II , mentre un controller aggiuntivo pilota le due porte SATA III .
Questa scheda madre , che supporta le tecnologie di overclock proprietarie MSI OC Genie ed Easy Switch , sembra già pronta sebbene nella foto trapelata su VR - Zone non figura il sistema di dissipazione dei VRM ( e probabilmente anche quello del northbridge è provvisorio ) .
MSI dovrebbe rilasciarla a Marzo , ad un prezzo attualmente top-secret .
The You Testament ( MDickie , PC )
The You Testament is a interesting but flawed game that is deceptive , confusing , and possibly heretical .
The premise is you are a person who follows Jesus through the history of the New Testament , from His time with John the Baptist to His crucifixion and resurrection .
Along the way , Jesus teaches you His wisdom and you see His works first - hand , creating a testament from your point of view .
See the Passion of Jesus first - hand !
You play in third person , moving your customizable character between areas in the Middle East ( Jerusalem , Golgotha , the River Jordan , etc. ) and interacting with characters .
Sometimes you even play a role in moving the story forward , like when you have to find some money to get Jesus out of jail .
You can even get crucified along side Jesus , but that did n't happen on my play through , so it might be optional .
You can help Jesus help you by carrying His cross for Him up Calvary .
This is a good idea for a game , but things started getting weird .
First of all , it 's built on an engine created for wrestling games and is very violent and bloody .
The game is unrated , but I 'm sure it would get a " M " for violence .
It even includes a setting for " gore " that has the option " extreme " .
Because of this wrestling engine foundation , it lets you beat up any character -- women , children , and even Jesus !
I had to test attacking Jesus as part of my job as a reviewer .
I am so sorry , Jesus !
Please forgive me !
Early in the game I was holding a metal spike and I was going to hug Jesus but I pressed the wrong button and poked the spike in His face !
His face remained scarred and His eyes were all bloody for most of the game after that .
Why would it let me do this horrible thing ?
Even though I stabbed Him in the face with a spike , Jesus still forgave me !
This part of the game is a very accurate Jesus simulation .
People in the game will remember how you treated them and will act towards you accordingly .
If you attack them , they 'll attack you back if they see you again .
Violence also affects your stats .
You have three health gauges : physical , mental , and spiritual .
The physical gauge decreases when you are attacked or if you do n't rest .
If it hits zero , you die .
The mental gauge decreases over time and can be replenished by eating food found lying around .
When it hits zero , you fall to you knees and sob inconsolably , then get up and go on a violent rampage attacking anyone nearby -- again including Jesus .
The spirit gauge decreases when you commit acts of violence or engage in worldly things like eating or carrying around money .
Satan is in the game in the form of a guy in a black cloak .
Just standing around Satan makes your spiritual gauge decrease .
He approaches you after you talk to Jesus and twists Jesus ' teachings to try to get you to do bad things , but this aspect was n't explored in more depth .
And then there 's the teachings that Jesus gives .
While most of it is taken straight out of the Bible , complete with references so you can read the unabridged version , there was all sorts of weird stuff that was tacked on , like how He kept talking about meditation , " gurus " , and " karma " , or how I should concentrate on my spine to generate spiritual energy called " prana " and focus it on the right branch of the central chamber of the 3rd " chakra " to be able to levitate or transform matter at the molecular level or whatever .
That stuff is n't in the Bible ... I checked .
Also , numerous times Jesus referred to God as a woman !
What 's up with that ?
Jesus explains how to walk on water ( huh ! ? )
Even less Biblical , Jesus kept promising that I would be able to gain powers to perform miracles like He does .
It was like He was saying we can all become God .
I 'm pretty sure that 's some sort of heresy .
In the game , you can meditate and use these powers to float around , change your appearance , raise the sea level , hypnotize people , or even possess other people .
According to the Satan character you can also shoot fireballs out of your hand , but I could n't figure out how to do that , which is probably for the best since it 's unholy .
You can levitate by meditating .
I 'm pretty sure this is witchcraft .
At one point in the game when you are on a mountain top , Jesus reveals to you the true nature of reality and the game goes all wireframey .
It was freaky !
Jesus reveals the true nature of reality ( wha ? ! )
There were also weird quotes on the loading screens from people like Confucius , Buddha , Mohammed , Osama Bin Ladin , Barack Obama , Bruce Lee , Kanye West , and Jay - Z .
Those made no sense in a Biblical game at all .
It 's like some sort of mashup of Christianity with all sorts of false religions .
I think Mat Dickie , the game 's sole creator , is a very confused person .
At least I hope it is confusion and not intentional deception .
I would give this game five crosses for the way it lets you live through the Bible and witness Jesus first - hand , but I must subtract crosses for being able to beat up Jesus and getting Jesus ' teachings mixed up with things like Hinduism and the Matrix .
I would not recommend this game for new Christians as it will only confuse them and possibly turn them into New Age wrestling fanatics .
However , for its innovative ideas and gameplay , I will still give it †
( The full game is available for free download , but you can only play it three times . )
Review copyright ©2009 Kyle Goldman & Zounds Christian Gaming Zone
Stumbled upon this link at our message board , Mortigi Tempo .
Dear — — – , Bryan helped transform a house in the Hollywood Hills into a recording studio and spent the last three weeks there recording Radiohead with Nigel Godrich .
On Saturday , we waded through a driveway full of Priuses and Minis to get to the wrap party .
I was giddy seeing Beck , Selma Hayek and Danger Mouse chatting around the same pool where Dean Martin and the Rat Pack used to hang out .
I marveled at the hair on one rock star that resembled one of those fuzzy boom mic covers .
How exactly did he describe what he wanted to his hairdresser ?
I guess it was just proof rock stars can get away with stuff regular folks can’t .
Thom Yorke periodically toyed with the iPhone that controlled the speakers .
Usually he skipped forward to a Rolling Stones song .
The band wanted to record in L.A. to get away from the dismal English winter .
Nigel said they were probably lolling about too much in the sunshine when they first arrived .
When it started pouring down , they realized someone up there was telling them to get on with it .
If their last album was “ In Rainbows , ” I guess they could call this one “ In Rainstorms . ”
Bryan is most likely Bryan Cook , a music mixing engineer from LA .
He updated his twitter with this little nugget :
is enjoying the afterglow of a career highlight : 3 weeks of recording Radiohead with producer Nigel Godrich !
Well , there you go .
SAN FRANCISCO , March 2 ( UPI ) --
Makers and sellers of fish oil supplements were sued in California for not including labeling about PCB contamination , a plaintiff 's attorney said Tuesday .
" Consumers who want the health benefits of fish oil should n't also have to take the health risks of an extremely toxic man-made chemical , " attorney David Roe said in a release .
" And they do n't have to , since preliminary test results show that some fish oil brands have only 1/70th as much PCB contamination in them as others . "
Advertisement
The lawsuit contends the eight makers and sellers of fish oil , shark oil , fish liver oil and shark liver oil peddled as supplements have polychlorinated biphenyl contamination above the " safe - harbor " limits set for human PCB consumption under California 's Proposition 65 , which requires a warning label for consumers .
" The industry knows very well about the PCB problem in fish oils and widely markets its supplements as already treated for PCB contamination , " said Benson Chiles , a plaintiff in the case .
" They have no excuse for what we 've been finding . "
The defendants are CVS Pharmacy Inc. , General Nutrition Corp. , Now Health Group Inc. , Omega Protein Inc ..
Pharmavite LLC , Rite Aid Corp. , Solgar Inc. and TwinLab Corp .
Watch more here - Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution .
I watched the first episode of Jamie 's new show and I have to admit that I 'm hooked !
This is inspiring .
I 'm seeing more and more healthy food and nutrition information making it out there in the mainstream media .
With a little bit of fun thrown into the education part of a healthy diet we can all become better individuals :-)
I hope you enjoy the show as much as I did .
Outrage is growing over the sale of a significant Canadian military collection amid claims that many of the artifacts are family treasures belonging to people who never intended them to be sold .
Adding fuel to the fire are reports that hundreds of World War II items from the Robert Stuart Aeronautical Collection and Camp X exhibit housed in the history buff ’s museum have already been sold on eBay , following his death seven years ago .
Since Stuart ’s daughter , Deirdre Stuart , advertised the contents of the museum on the Internet last month , benefactors have come forward to say numerous personal possessions were donated or loaned by veterans or their families , who want them back .
Newcastle firefighter Cameron Smith is one of them .
His grandfather Harry Smith , who taught Allied agents safecracking , lock - picking and explosives demolition at Whitby ’s Camp X spy training school , handed over his uniform and single - shot pistol in a “ gentleman ’s agreement ” years ago .
“ My grandfather would n’t have intended this stuff to be sold , ” says Smith .
“ They do not belong to ( Deirdre Stuart ) .
This is a Canadian heritage collection and should be treated as such . ”
Stuart , who ’s asking $ 1 million for the entire collection on an aviation website , Barnstormers.com , says Smith and other claimants are out of luck .
“ If you did n’t put it in writing , you pretty much gave it to us , ” she says .
“ Like , hello ?
How stupid are people .
We ’ve had this museum for 33 years .
It ’s ours . ”
She insists her father purchased most of the military and aviation collectibles housed in a city - owned building at Oshawa Municipal Airport on Stevenson Rd. Accusing dishonest types of “ coming out of the woodwork to get a piece of the pie , ” Stuart says she ’ll only return articles to a couple of people who had a written loan agreement .
But documentation is practically nonexistent , says a longtime friend .
“ Bob was such a lovely man and everyone liked him so much , no one would ask him to sign a document . ”
He says the collection includes a “ priceless national treasure ” — a 1944 oil painting of ace fighter pilot Lloyd Chadburn that was donated by Chadburn ’s family .
Since Robert Stuart died , artifacts worth between $ 100,000 and $ 200,000 in total have been sold on eBay by a third party , says a collector of militaria who knows the museum ’s contents well .
The sales include an RCAF World War II pilot ’s lifejacket he witnessed being given to Robert Stuart to display .
Some of the items are so rare there ’s no doubt where they came from , says the collector , who did n’t wish to be identified .
Not true , says Deirdre Stuart .
“ Tell them to prove that anything was ever on eBay . ”
A friend who helped out at the museum says benefactors never intended the collectibles “ to make money for his wife and daughter . ”
“ He ’d turn over in his grave with what ’s happening now , ” Brian Munro says of the kind - hearted man who enjoyed “ enormous support and respect from the community . ”
Local historian and author Lynn Philip Hodgson , who fears the collection might leave the country , has launched a campaign to buy it and find a permanent home in Durham Region .
He ’s received many calls and emails from people who loaned artifacts in the belief that the museum , which is open on Sundays through the summer , is government - run .
“ Usually , the stipulation was that they must always be on display or be returned to the owner , ” says Hodgson , an authority on Camp X who also loaned items that he ’d like back .
A committee he ’s set up is applying for charitable status so they can set up a bank account and start raising funds .
Bomber pilot Angus Dixon ’s prized sheepskin - lined RCAF flight boots seem gone for good , says his dismayed widow , Jane Dixon .
“ Stuart kept asking him for his flight boots to complete the pilot ’s regalia on a mannequin , ” she recalls .
“ It meant quite a lot to him .
I do n’t think he’d be very happy about it being on eBay . ”
After Angus died in 2000 at age 85 , she donated his dress uniform and three flight posters .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Engineer Brett McLellan is similarly upset after Deirdre Stuart told him she has no record of his grandfather ’s things , which an ailing Robert Stuart pointed out when McLellan was at the airport on a job in 2003 .
“ I feel sick to my stomach , ” he says , thinking about his grandfather ’s RAF uniform , Distinguished Flying Cross , pistol and other belongings being sold to a stranger .
“ I really , really want to get the DFC back , ” he says .
“ It ’s family history . ”
Read more about :
Beat the chicken fat well , add the eggs and beat again .
Add the warm water , seasoning and only enough matzo meal to form a thickened batter .
You want to bind the batter , but not weigh it down with matzo meal .
This usually means using slightly less than the 3/4cup .
Pot advocate Mason Tvert filed language on Wednesday for a November ballot initiative that would allow Coloradans 21 and older to use marijuana .
Does that mean Colorado is about to be embroiled in a full - scale movement to legalize weed ?
Not necessarily .
" There is n't some large campaign being launched , " says Tvert , reached during a business trip in San Francisco .
" It 's just something we wanted to make sure was possible if we decided to do it . "
He explains the he and his colleagues at SAFER , the marijuana reform organization Tvert runs , wanted to file the appropriate paperwork for such a contingency before key election deadlines had passed .
But they 're far from launching an official political operation .
After all , Tvert , who 's never one to turn down a press opportunity , was n't really looking to get the word out about the filing at all .
" If we knew this was happening , we'd be the first ones to let people know about it , " he says .
If Initiative 47 , as its titled on state paperwork , moves forward , it would ask voters to authorize a comprehensive regulatory system that would control marijuana similarly to how the state currently manages alcohol , says Tvert .
In this model , both pot shops and pot grows would have to be licensed , there 'd be limitations as to where one could use it and nothing in the law would supersede current rules about driving under the influence of drugs .
A lot of considerations will go into whether or not advocates decide this is the year to fight marijuana prohibition in Colorado , says Tvert .
That includes timing issues , funding potential and what happens with current state attempts to regulate medical marijuana .
If the time does seem right , rest assured Tvert will have a whole lot more to say about it .
TEHRAN - Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Monday that Iran is set to deliver a “ punch ” that will stun world powers during this week ’s 31st anniversary of the Islamic revolution .
“ The Iranian nation , with its unity and God ’s grace , will punch the arrogance ( Western powers ) on the 22nd of Bahman ( February 11 ) in a way that will leave them stunned , ” Khamenei , who is also Iran ’s commander - in - chief , told a gathering of air force personnel .
The country ’s top cleric was marking the occasion when Iran ’s air force gave its support to revolutionary leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , a key event which led to the toppling of the US - backed shah on February 11 , 1979 .
His comments came as Iran said it would begin to produce higher enriched uranium from Tuesday , in defiance of Western powers trying to ensure the country ’s nuclear drive is peaceful .
This year ’s anniversary is expected to become a flashpoint between security forces and supporters of opposition leaders Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi , who charge that the June re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was rigged .
Opposition supporters are expected to stage anti-government protests on Thursday when the traditional regime - sponsored marches to mark the revolution take place across the country .
Mousavi renewed his call for demonstrations on the February 11 anniversary .
Just over a week ago , he and Karroubi had implicitly called for a gathering of their supporters .
“ The 22nd of Bahman is upon us , truly it should be called the day of gathering , ” Mousavi said on his Kaleme.org website on Monday .
“ I feel we have to participate while maintaining the collective spirit as well as our identity and leave an impression , ” Mousavi said .
“ Anger and bitterness should not take our control away .
“ The clerics should know that since imprisonment , beatings , and other confrontational methods are done in the name of Islam and the Islamic regime , it is hurting Islam and we all should try to stop , ” he added .
Anti-government protests were first triggered after the June 12 presidential election won by Ahmadinejad .
Over the past eight months , several thousand people were arrested .
Some were released and others were given hefty prison terms , among them politicians , journalists and human rights activists .
Two protesters were tried , convicted and hanged in the aftermath of the election .
Khamenei told the air force personnel the “ most important aim of the sedition after the election was to create a rift within the Iranian nation , but it was unable to do so and our nation ’s unity remained a thorn in its eyes . ”
THERE is a principle which is a bar against all information , which is proof against all argument and which cannot fail to keep man in everlasting ignorance - that principle is contempt prior to investigation . "
( Herbert Spencer )
The famous King Solomon , considered the wisest man of his day , also said , " He who answers a matter before he hears it , it is folly and shame to him " .
( Proverbs 18:13 )
Fortunately and unfortunately I have a recognisable name and face .
People know and remember me because of my success on the football field .
People also know and remember me because of some of my off - field moments , which were not so successful .
The facts are that in life we will each experience our ups and downs , good days and difficult ones , seasons of good , healthy decision - making , and seasons in which our personal choices do not result in our finest hours .
What do you think of Gary Ablett Sr 's comments ?
Tell us below
I say this simply to illustrate my understanding of the fact that none of us is perfect - not one .
We all fail and make mistakes .
But surely it is from this place , the recognition of imperfection and the realisation of our need for change , that we should each begin to grow and learn ; aspiring to live better , more meaningful , more productive and more effective lives .
Surely we should each be focused on discovering how we as individuals and communities can learn to live and work together in order to produce a far more peaceful , stable , secure and loving environment ?
Sadly , in this once great nation of Australia , this does not seem to be the case , which is why I feel burdened and compelled to speak out .
I am motivated to say something publicly , and sense a desperate need to raise these issues , even at the risk of public ridicule , because I am hoping that my words just might provoke and encourage us to stop and think and take a serious look at the direction in which we are heading as a society .
It is time we began to question some of our beliefs , and decision - making , to examine our desires and to ask ourselves quite seriously : " What kind of world do we want to live in ? "
Today , our newspapers , televisions and computer screens are full of shocking and horrible crimes , detailing a very serious decline in morals and values in our community .
We read stories that describe a rapid deterioration in standards of behaviour wherever we look .
Our culture struggles under the massive weight of increasing problems associated with hatred , anger , violence , alcohol and drug abuse , depression and suicide , family breakdown , the devaluing of human life and dignity , and a growing disrespect for law and order , to name just a few - all of which work together to create and subsequently feed an enormous and expanding hole in the moral fabric that once upon a time held our society firmly together .
We have lost our way .
We have lost our direction and many have lost hope , and we need to rediscover who we are and where we are going .
We need to realise that this current behaviour is only a symptom of far deeper issues within our society and the real problems must be identified and resolved .
The need for truth and clarity has never been greater or indeed more obvious than it is right now .
We need to bring in a defined halt to the degradation of our society by restoring the foundations of a strong and effective culture .
What are these foundations and how do we begin to restore the brokenness we see all around us ?
I believe without a doubt that our nation is in crisis and is in its current predicament because we have deliberately disconnected ourselves from our Christian heritage and history .
We are a nation that was originally founded upon the word of God and established on the authority of biblical truth .
Our political system , our judicial system and most of our schools and hospitals were begun by godly men and women who based their lives and work on godly principles .
However , over recent years we have shifted further and further away from the inclusion of anything godly in our planning , decision - making and policy - setting ; so while we watch our standards crumble and our moral foundations erode away , we somehow simultaneously manage to sit back and wonder why society has no sure and stable footing left on which to build a strong and solid culture ?
We have been deceived and completely desensitised , like the proverbial frog in the kettle , the temperature is rising and in our blissful ignorance we do not realise we are being cooked alive .
Are we completely blind to the truth ?
What do you think of Gary Ablett Sr 's comments ?
Tell us below
FOR example , humanism , the central philosophy of our schools and society , teaches that man is above all else , that he alone is the centre of meaning .
Teaching that man has meaning totally apart from God , ( humanism ) leave morality , justice and behaviour to the discretion of " enlightened " man and encourages people to worship man and nature rather than God .
Living without God 's divine truth causes humanity to sink lower and lower into spiritual darkness and depravity , blindly following a philosophy that intends to heighten the dignity of man , but which instead lowers him to the level of animals rather than a spiritual , emotional and moral being .
Man has been classified as merely natural phenomena of time plus chances , no greater than rocks , animals or clouds .
One of the things that triggered my response was that I became aware that there was an atheist convention in Melbourne last week .
Richard Dawkins , a renowned atheist , gave a message entitled , " From goo to you through the zoo " .
Now it is bad enough misleading us by telling us we descended from convicts but to tell us we descended from " apes " - come on !
Man might look like an ape , act like a goat , eat like a pig , think like a jackass , be as stubborn as a mule and as cunning as a fox , but a man is still a man and has been that way right down through recorded history .
I openly confess to being no scientist , nor will I try to pretend to be one .
However , it is not hard for the average person to understand some of the basic laws and principles within the scientific world .
There is so much misinformation out there called " science " , masquerading as " truth " , and because we 've been taught to believe these falsehoods it takes an abundance of information to get these misconceptions unseated .
So please bear with me as I may need to get quite technical to get my message across .
" As there is none in such deep bondage as those who falsely believe they are free . "
For example , molecular biologist Michael Dentin pointed out in his book , Evolution , A Theory in Crisis , that even Charles Darwin had to admit he had absolutely no hardcore empirical date , no concrete evidence , no substantial scientific facts , nothing to prove any of the major evolutionary transformation he asserted .
The fact is that fossil records do not support Darwin 's theory .
Experts have come to realise that the gaps in the fossil records and the absence of precursor and intermediate forms are such that they can no longer be ignored or his theory be taken seriously .
It was Darwin , the author of the theory of evolution himself , that confessed in a letter to Ossy Gray on September 5 , 1857 that " one 's imagination must fill up the very blanks " .
With testimonies like this from the author of evolution himself , I submit to you that the theory of evolution is not only lacking in facts , but has absolutely no foundation whatsoever .
If it was only ever a theory , how did it find its way into our classrooms and society as fact ?
What do you think of Gary Ablett Sr 's comments ?
Tell us below
Let 's take another example .
Evolution teaches that matter plus energy ( light or heat ) plus time equals biogenesis , the cause of new life .
Yet our entire food industry relies on the fact that the evolutionary formula does n't work .
For example , if you take a jar of peanut butter ( matter ) , expose it to light and heat ( energy ) and add time you will never get new life ( biogenesis ) in that jar .
And are we grateful about that !
Why is new life impossible in a sealed jar ?
Because we are missing the most important aspect : information .
The very reason food is sealed is to keep information out , it 's only if and when the seal is broken that a contamination can occur because information has got inside the jar !
We need to take this fact very seriously because in the food industry this experiment is conducted over a billion times a year collectively , and has been doing so for more than a hundred years , which proves that the absence of information renders life impossible .
This begs the question that since information is not inherent within matter itself , nor can it be derived from natural law , " where did it come from ? "
Take today 's newspaper , for example , with the codes and printing on it .
To try and derive the information in the newspaper from the natural laws that govern the paper alone is impossible because the information needs to be printed on to the laws that govern the paper .
To attempt to derive the morning 's news from the chemistry of the paper alone without the input of information is absurd .
Even in a simple newspaper we can appreciate " Intelligent Design " .
It is the same as a genetic code imprinted according to the laws of information and language on to matter .
In other words , to get biogenesis ( new life ) you need a source of intrinsic information to be added to the system to get out of it in order which is n't intrinsic within inorganic matter itself .
It then becomes very obvious that information can only come from an " intelligent " source .
How can we be sure the origin of all things is a person ?
Because of the abundance of information that surrounds us .
What do you think of Gary Ablett Sr 's comments ?
Tell us below
THE whole universe is imprinted with information , information so profound and complex as to demand reverence , worship and awe at the brilliance , capacity and power it indicates in the personality responsible .
Some of the renowned and respected scientists and mathematicians through the world have concluded that something as complex as the " DNA " molecule of every living thing occurring by chance is 10 to the power 130 .
In other words , one chance in 10 with a hundred and thirty zeros after it ... that is a huge number .
In fact , most of us have no real capacity to fully appreciate just how big a number that is .
But mathematicians say there is more chance of a hurricane going through a junk yard and assembling a fully operational 747 passenger jet .
Now you and I may laugh at that because we can appreciate the " intelligent design " , the information , the knowledge , the creativity and skill it takes to put something so complex together .
Yet people like Richard Dawkins will try and tell us that we humans as well as the entire universe , which are immeasurably more complex than any passenger jet could ever be , all happened by chance .
It 's like having an explosion of ink in a printing room and coming up with the English Dictionary .
It 's a fallacy .
Every cell in the universe came from another cell , you never see a new cell come into existence on its own .
Organisms do not spontaneously arise in nature from non-life .
The Apostle Paul expresses this in Romans 1:23:25 :
" The wrath of God is being revealed from heaven against all the godlessness and wickedness of men who suppress the truth by their wickedness , since what may be known about God is plain to them because God has made it plain to them For since the creation of the world God 's invisible qualities
His eternal power and Godhead have been clearly seen , being understood from what has been made , so that men are without excuse .
For although they knew God , they neither glorified him as God nor gave thanks to him , but their thinking became futile and their foolish hearts were darkened .
Although they claimed to be wise , they became fools and exchanged the glory of the immortal God for images made to look like mortal man and birds and animals and reptiles ...
They exchanged the truth of God for a life , and worshipped and served created things rather than the creator who is forever praised .
Amen . "
Thus the Apostle Paul warns that creation itself is enough to hold us accountable , and that men are without excuse in holding down and rejecting the truth .
The whole of creation is packed full of the most profound information imaginable in the DNA molecule of every living thing , information which is not inherent in matter itself .
This information is so complex as to demand an intelligence of awesome dimensions and must have been imposed on matter from the outside by the deliberate actions of personality , since information cannot arise from random processes nor is it inherent in impersonal matter itself .
This need for the prior existence of personality for information to exist is expressed in the Gospel of John in its opening verses where it is recorded :
" In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word was God .
He was with God in the beginning .
All things were made by Him and without Him nothing was made that has been made ...
The Word became flesh and dwelt among us . " ( in the person of Jesus Christ )
Advances in microbiology , DNA et al have dealt the final death blow to Darwinism .
DNA is a digital code .
Darwinism cannot explain the origin of life because it cannot explain the origin of information .
What do you think of Gary Ablett Sr 's comments ?
Tell us below
MOST of us probably never stop to think about what we really believe about our origins , nor why we believe it , at least not seriously .
However , little do we realise how significant this issue plays in terms of how we live out our daily lives .
Our behaviour is often a reflection of our beliefs about who we are .
It is usually consistent with what we think to be true about ourselves .
Quoting King Solomon again : " What a man thinks in his heart , that he is . "
In other words , our perception of reality ( belief systems ) will profoundly impact our every motive , attitude thought , word and deed , whether our perceptions are true of false .
Unfortunately , Western civilisation has embraced the " lie " of evolution as fact , and we have been completely blinded to the profound effect and impact it is having upon our society and nation .
We tell ourselves and our children that it was all just an accident and we are nothing more than " cosmic orphans " , with no real purpose , value or destiny , completely without hope for a great future and then wonder why our country is " self - destructing " and our society 's attitude has become " Let 's eat , drink and be merry for tomorrow we die " .
And , if life gets too hard or painful let 's just end it .
And that 's just the beginning .
No wonder our society if out of control , the consequences are horrendous .
Man can live without many things but he cannot live without hope .
The Bible reveals a very different reality .
God 's word tells us we are a very special and unique and precious creation , made in God 's image for an eternal relationship with God and a purpose and a destiny that is mind - blowing .
And God loves and values us so much that He was willing to leave
His glory , take on human nature and enter into His own creation to undo the damage done by a dark intruder , and provide a mechanism by which you and I can qualify and be eligible for that relationship , purpose and destiny which is there for the asking .
But that is all I will say , as I am aware this is a sensitive area for some .
I do not wish to come across as a Bible basher or a religious fanatic , for this is not a church .
But may I leave you with a poem that was written by Darrel Scott , the father of Rachel Scott , who was killed in the Columbine High School shooting in Littleton , Colorado , US , which we all need to hear , but especially those in positions of leadership and authority , and in particularly our Government .
" Your laws ignore our deepest needs
Your words are empty air
You 've stripped away our heritage
You 've outlawed simple prayer
Now gunshots fill our classrooms
And previous children die
You seek for answers everywhere
And ask the question ' Why ? '
You regulate restrictive laws
Through legislative creed
And yet you fail to understand
That God is what we need " .
What do you think of Gary Ablett Sr 's comments ?
Tell us below
Originally published as What kind of world do we want to live in ?
* Nuclear power plants in area operating normally
* Fujitsu ’s semiconductor plant not affected
* No reports of damage after 6.6 quake off Honshu island ( Adds details on Fujitsu , no damage , paragraphs 2 , 6 , 8 )
TOKYO , March 14 ( Reuters ) - A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.6 jolted northern Japan on Sunday , seismologists said , shaking buildings in the capital Tokyo some 240 km ( 150 miles ) away .
There were no reports of injuries or damage and no tsunami warning was issued .
The magnitude of the quake , at 5:08 p.m. ( 0808 GMT ) , was measured at 6.6 by the U.S. Geological Survey and the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) .
The epicentre was about 40 km ( 25 miles ) beneath the ocean off Honshu , Japan ’s main island , the JMA said .
Tokyo Electric Power Co Inc ( TEPCO ) 9501.T said its two nuclear power plants in the region were operating normally .
[ ID : nTOE62D016 ]
Tohoku Electric Power Co 9506.T said operations at its Onagawa and Higashidori nuclear power plants were also normal .
[ ID :nTOE62D019 ]
Operations at Fujitsu Ltd's 6702.T semiconductor plant in Fukushima prefecture , in northeast Japan , were also not affected by the quake , an official at Japan 's top IT services firm said .
Public broadcaster NHK said a bullet train in the area automatically halted for a brief time but soon resumed operating .
Expressways were closed for checks and police and fire departments were quoted as saying there were no reports of damage after the quake , NHK said .
Japan is one of the world ’s most earthquake - prone countries , with a tremor occurring at least every five minutes .
( Reporting by Chikafumi Hodo , Yoko Kubota , Kiyoshi Takenaka , Osamu Tsukimori and Linda Sieg ; Editing by Paul Tait )
← Tell Michael Bennet : Introduce
the Public Option in the Senate UPDATE : After delivering the petition with over 30,000 signatures , Bennet tells local news stations he will not budge , and that he " does n't confuse the blogosphere with real people and real voters . "
Sign our petition to Senator Michael Bennet : " You led the fight for 51 votes for a public option in the Senate .
Now it 's up to you to make sure it comes up for a vote at all .
Introduce the public option for a vote during the Senate 's debate . "
If the health care bill passes the House , is signed by the President and returns to the Senate for tweaks , all it takes is one Senator to introduce a public option amendment .
So far , no one 's stepping up to the plate .
Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado led the effort to show that a majority in the Senate supports the public option .
Was it all for show ?
Did Michael
Bennet only champion the public option when he thought it did n't matter ?
If Bennet introduces the public option during reconciliation debate , according to its own rules the Senate has to hold a vote .
Bennet 's recent efforts led to 51 Senators saying they would like to vote for a public option .
We do n't know if all 51 will follow through and vote yes , however .
We do know that , after months of being told that everyone supports a public option but " the votes just are n't there , " we need to see who can keep that commitment .
This is our only chance if we want to have a vote on a public option .
By offering the amendment , there 's no harm done - the bulk of health care reform will already be signed into law .
This is just our chance to fix it .
Senator Bennet has also said he would n't want to endanger the reconciliation " fixes " by introducing an amendment that would send the bill back to the House .
But now that the bill is already being sent back to the House for reconsideration , there 's no reason NOT to add the public option .
Will Michael Bennet show his leadership and force a vote for a public option ?
Or is his opponent , Andrew Romanoff , someone who is more likely to stand up to leadership and stick to his guns in the Senate ?
Tell Senator Michael Bennet to introduce the public option for a vote in the Senate .
We 'll deliver your signatures to him on Wednesday .
Photo via flickr ( aflcio
Email : * First Name : Last Name : Zip : * Your Message to Michael Bennet : Please leave this field blank : * required
( h/t derekthered )
( Original story and full letter can be seen at The Washington Independent )
Much has come out about Andrew Breitbart 's now - infamous " Hooker & Pimp " charade , and smear campaign against ACORN .
Now that ACORN has been cleared and it has been proven that the video was heavily edited and that James O'Keefe was in fact not dressed as a pimp , the community organizing group is firing back and the rats are scattering , begging for help .
Hannah Giles , who posed as a hooker in Breitbart 's hit piece , is now appealing to wealthy , Republican donors to help pay her legal fees .
Her appeal has come in the form of a letter , ( pictured above ) which can be described as nothing less than a delusional , right wing rant that is sure to trigger your gag reflex .
Hell , I would n't be surprised if Sean Hannity himself wrote it .
Notice how she claims credit for the video , referring to it as " my undercover video . "
Poor thing , she chose to lie down with dogs and now she 's crying about the fleas .
We współczesnym świecie żaden sklep nie może działać bez witryny internetowej .
Jeżeli chciałbyś dowiedzieć się dlaczego , powinieneś czytać dalej , a wywnioskujesz , że już dzisiaj powinieneś zrobić swój serwis , zlecić jego wykonanie bądź poprawić już ten posiadany , aby odnieść wskazane ...
As the hours tick by , House Speaker Pelosi is determined to pass health reform - without added abortion restrictions but with the possibility of an executive order from President Obama restating restrictions on federal funding of abortion .
Will Stupak and his anti-choice holdouts accept ?
According to the Washington Post today , House Democrats are asking Obama to issue an executive order restating the federal governments ’ commitment to upholding the Hyde Amendment – the amendment that prohibits federal funding from being used to pay for women ’s abortions .
Somewhere between 6 and 10 anti-choice legislators , led by Bart Stupak , have been threatening to vote against the bill claiming the bill allows for federal funding for abortions .
Despite the analysis of experts , 59,000 nuns stating their support for the bill as it stands currently ( a letter which went completely ignored by Stupak who cannot stoop to listening to actual religious women when it comes to women ’s health and rights ) , editorials from the New York Times and articles from the Washington Post clarifying that the bill in fact does not open the door to federal funding for abortions and even Republicans and anti-choice legislators urging passage of the bill as is , Stupak continues his campaign .
Stupak has been calling for a separate vote to , in fact , tighten abortion restrictions in the health reform bill .
With the backing of and strong lobbying from the US Conference of Catholic Bishops , Rep. Stupak has attempted to use health reform as a way to push a strong anti-choice agenda .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Pelosi and colleagues are standing strong in their commitment to persuade Stupak and his handful of supporters that the bill ’s abortion restrictions are sufficient .
Not only did Pelosi reject Stupak ’s request for a separate vote , she has worked on a larger campaign that would persuade Stupak to vote for the legislation as it now stands :
“ The intent is obviously to express what we said all along : that we believe the language that has been included in both bills seeks to accomplish . . . that there will be no use of public funds for abortion , ” House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) said upon emerging from the meeting .
Asked whether the document could win over a significant number of the holdouts , Hoyer said : “ I ’m hopeful . ”
It seems likely , says the Washington Post , that Obama will issue an executive order or statement confirming his commitment to banning federal funding of abortion – which seems more like a toddler asking a mother or father to divvy up a cookie so exactingly right in front of them so they can see for themselves that it ’s fair , than our federal representatives debating policy .
Rep. Diana DeGette ( CO ) , a strong reproductive rights supporter in the House , has given her okay saying ,
“ … she would support that option , so long as Stupak ’s provision is not given another vote .
“ That would be fine by me , ” she told reporters Saturday of the executive order . ”
Stupak says he wants the talks with Pelosi and the President to continue .
Despite their opposition to the bill , Pelosi says she wo n’t let Stupak and the anti-choice legislators hold up a vote :
Mr Hariri's bloc won the election but had to form a unity government Lebanon 's prime minister - designate Saad Hariri has formed a new 30 - member unity government , ending five months of deadlock since the general election .
Fifteen ministers are from Mr Hariri 's majority coalition , while five were nominated by President Michel Suleiman .
The remaining 10 ministers are from the opposition , including two members of the Islamist group Hezbollah , which struck a deal with Mr Hariri last week .
The deadlock over the new government had threatened Lebanon 's stability .
A reallocation of roles to the same players cannot solve our problems
Nadia Natout
Read voters ' views on new cabinet " Finally , a government of national unity is born , " Mr Hariri said , adding that it " opened a new page that we hope will be one of agreement and co-operation " .
But the Western - backed leader also sounded a cautious note .
" This cabinet will either be a chance for Lebanon to renew trust in its institutions , or it will be a stage where the Lebanese will repeat their failure in achieving agreement , " he said .
' Real partnership '
Mr Hariri , 39 , spent more than four months agreeing the assignment of portfolios with the opposition groups in the unity government .
Correspondents say a meeting in October between the leaders of the two sides ' main backers , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah and Syrian President Bashar al - Assad , is thought to have helped heal the rift .
This formula achieves the principle of real partnership in political decision - making on key decisions
Mohammed Fneish , Hezbollah
The Lebanese prime minister - designate 's Sunni Muslim Future movement and its Maronite Christian and Druze allies have 15 ministers in the cabinet .
Hezbollah hold two of the new cabinet posts , one more than in the previous government .
Its allies , the Shia Amal movement and the bloc of the Maronite Christian leader and former general Michel Aoun , have another eight .
Mr Aoun succeeded in retaining control of the telecommunications ministry , which his son - in - law Gibran Bassil previously ran .
Mr Hariri had rejected a demand for Mr Bassil to be reappointed .
The post is considered sensitive because a government threat to shut down Hezbollah 's private communications network in 2008 triggered bloody sectarian clashes throughout Lebanon between the Shia group and supporters of the pro-Western government .
The five remaining ministers , including those of interior and defence , were nominated by President Suleiman , who is considered a neutral .
They will hold the balance of power , as without them Mr Hariri 's supporters will be unable to gain a simple majority , and the opposition will not be able to block decisions .
The opposition retained control of the key telecommunications ministry One of Hezbollah 's representatives in the cabinet , Mohammed Fneish , told the Associated Press that " this formula achieves the principle of real partnership in political decision - making on key decisions " .
Meanwhile , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon welcomed the formation of the new government and called on it to " recommit to the full implementation of Security Council resolution 1701 " , which ended the 2006 war between Israel and Hezbollah .
" The secretary - general hopes that Lebanese political leaders will continue to work together in a spirit of unity , dialogue and co-operation , " his spokeswoman said .
The government 's first task will be to draw up a policy statement and present it to parliament for a vote of confidence .
Mr Hariri is also expected to visit Damascus for the first time since his anti-Syrian coalition came to power in 2005 .
The Syrian government was blamed for the assassination of his father Rafik , a former prime minister , in February that year , and eventually forced in its wake to withdraw its troops from Lebanon after 29 years .
Damascus has denied any responsibility .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Vor einer Million Jahren lebten schon Menschen auf der indonesischen Insel Flores
Viel Streit gab es in der Wissenschaft rund um die Entdeckung des Homo floresiensis , denn nur langsam setzte sich die Erkenntnis durch , dass dieser kleinwüchsige Mensch tatsächlich eine eigene Art darstellt .
Jetzt bringt ein Forscherteam etwas Licht ins Dunkel der Herkunft dieser Hobbits .
Offensichtlich war Flores bereits vor einer Million Jahre besiedelt , deutlich länger als bislang angenommen .
Illustration des Aussehen eines männlichen Hobbits .
Bild : University of Wollongong / Peter Schouten and the National Geographic Society
Die Geschichte spielt nicht in Mittelerde im literarischen Tolkien - Kosmos .
Nein , es handelt sich um eine völlig irdische und höchst reale Angelegenheit .
Gefunden wurde kein Goldring mit elbischen Runen , sondern einige sehr unspektakulär aussehende Steinwerkzeuge .
Entscheidend für ihre Bedeutung ist wieder einmal der Fundzusammenhang , denn sie sind nachweislich eine Million Jahre alt , und damit der Beweis , dass viel früher Menschen auf dieser kleinen Sunda - Insel lebten , die zu Indonesien gehört .
2001 hatte ein indonesisch - australisches Team bearbeitete Steine gefunden , die 880.000 Jahre alt waren – das war bisher der älteste Beleg menschlicher Anwesenheit auf Flores .
Homo floresiensis
Im September 2003 entdeckten Paläoanthropologen auf Flores ein sehr kleines , menschliches Skelett , das sich als Sensation entpuppte .
Denn die Knochen stammten nicht – wie zuerst angenommen – von einem Kind , sondern von einer erwachsenen Frau , einer Zwergin , die nur einen Meter groß und 25 Kilo schwer geworden war .
Was zuerst wie individuelle Missbildung aussah , erwies sich bei eingehender Analyse als ein Mensch mit sehr urtümlichen Merkmalen .
Im Schädel dieser winzigen Frau saß ein sehr kleines affenähnliches Gehirn .
Sie verfügte aber auch über Hominiden - Merkmale : Ihre Oberschenkelknochen verdeutlichen , dass sie aufrecht lief .
Sie hatte auffallend lange Armen , stark ausgeprägte Überaugenwülste , eine fliehende Stirn und kaum Kinn ( vgl. Rekonstruktion Hobbit - like Human ) .
Ein zwergenhafter Frühmensch , der in einer Fundschicht mit einem
Alter von zwei Millionen Jahren niemanden sehr erstaunt hätte .
Aber dieser Fund ist 18.000 Jahre alt .
Die Entdecker waren und sind überzeugt davon , dass es sich um eine neue Menschenart handelt und nannten sie Homo floresiensis , Spitzname Hobbits .
Diese kleinen Urmenschen nutzten das Feuer und jagten Riesenratten , Komodowarane und kleine Urelefanten mit Waffen aus Stein und Holz .
Und das noch über einen längeren Zeitraum parallel zum modernen Menschen , der vor etwa 50.0000 Jahren bereits seinen
Weg auf die isolierte Insel gefunden hatte .
Es folgte eine heftige wissenschaftliche Debatte .
Die Gegner der Einordnung als Homo floresiensis argumentierten , es handle sich schlicht um eine Missbildung bei einem Homo sapiens , der unter Mikrozephalie gelitten habe , einer krankhaften Verkleinerung des Gehirns , die auch vererbt werden kann ( vgl. Streit bei den Hobbits ) .
Die Befürworter gehen davon aus , dass die Hobbits vor Ort als Folge der geringen Ressourcen der Inselwelt von Flores geschrumpft sind .
Dieses Phänomen , das Island Dwarfing , ist aus der Tierwelt bekannt : Durch natürliche Selektion haben kleinere Individuen einer Tierart bessere Überlebenschancen , auf einer Insel mit stark begrenztem Nahrungsangebot zu überleben ( vgl. Schrumpfende Schafe ) .
Mit der Zeit setzt sich der Zwergenwuchs in der
Art durch , ein Effekt , der für die Fauna auf Flores nachweisbar ist .
Homo erectus
In den vergangenen Jahren bewiesen weitere Funde von Knochen verschiedener Individuen auf Flores , dass die Hobbits zehntausende Jahre auf der Insel lebten .
Allerdings sind einige Körpermerkmale des Homo floresiensis , vor allem das winzige Hirn , so primitiv , dass sie eher an den Australopithecus ( wie die mehr als 3 Millionen Jahre alte Lucy als einen Homo erectus erinnern .
Homo erectus , der aufrecht gehende Mensch , wurde zuerst im indonesischen Java entdeckt , nur einige hundert Kilometer von Flores entfernt .
Es wäre durchaus denkbar , dass diese frühen Menschen auf Flößen über das Meer segelten ( vgl .
The sign of the ancient mariner ) .
Adam Brumm ( Mitte ) hält einige der neu entdeckten Steinwerkzeuge in der Hand , flankiert wird er von seinen Kollegen Gerrit van den Bergh ( links ) and Mike Morwood ( rechts ) , Bild : University of Wollongong
Die genaue Herkunft der Ahnen der Hobbits bleibt weiter im Dunkeln , aber immerhin ist es jetzt Adam Brumm von der University of Wollongong und seinen Kollegen aus Australien , Indonesien , Dänemark und den Niederlanden gelungen , im Jahr 2005 auf Flores entdeckte Steinwerkzeuge zu datieren .
In einer Online - Vorabveröffentlichung des Wissenschaftsmagazins Nature stellen sie ihre Ergebnisse vor : Die Faustkeile , die sie in Wolo Sege im Soa-Becken ( Soa Basin ) fanden , sind tatsächlich eine Million Jahre alt , wie Argon - Isotopen - Analysen der abgelagerten Vulkanasche ergaben , aus der die Steinwerkzeuge ausgegraben wurden .
Da sie keine Knochen der Wesen fanden , die einst die 45 primitiven Steinartefakte schufen , können sie keine Aussage darüber machen , wer sie genau waren .
Das Team um Adam Brumm ist aber überzeugt , dass sie die direkten Vorfahren der Hobbits darstellen .
Immerhin können die Wissenschaftler diese frühen Floresianer entlasten , für das plötzliche Aussterben der Riesenschildkröten und anderer Tierarten vor knapp 900.000 Jahren verantwortlich zu sein .
Wahrscheinlich war es ein Vulkanausbruch ( Flores hat heute noch 14 aktive Vulkane ) , ein Klimawandel oder eine Verbindung von beidem , die zu dem Massensterben führten .
Die Forschergruppe hat vor , bald nach Flores zurückzukehren , um weiter nach den ersten Bewohner zu suchen .
Allerdings nicht mehr im Soa-Becken , da haben sie sich bereits bis auf den massiven Felsboden durchgegraben .
( Andrea Naica - Loebell )
Newly reported observations of gas flows on the solar surface may explain why the sun recently had such an extended case of the doldrums .
From 2008 through the first half of 2009 , the sun had a puzzling dearth of sunspots , flares and other storms , extending the usual lull at the end of the 11 - year solar activity cycle for an extra 15 months .
Findings from the study , which relied on the orbiting Solar and Heliospheric Observatory , or SOHO , may also suggest a better way to forecast the intensity and duration of future solar cycles .
Better predictions could be critical because some solar outbursts can blast Earth with massive , magnetized clouds of charged particles capable of knocking out electrical power grids and harming communications satellites .
In the March 12 Science , David Hathaway of NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , and Lisa Rightmire of the University of Memphis in Tennessee analyzed 13 years of SOHO measurements that tracked the movement of ionized gas from the solar equator to the poles .
The researchers found that the relatively slow gas movement , known as the meridional flow , sped up a few years before the last solar minimum began in 2008 .
What ’s more , the flow was substantially faster than the speed at the previous solar minimum , a more typical and less extended downturn in solar activity some 11 years earlier .
Hathaway and Rightmire suggest that the faster meridional flow produced weaker magnetic fields at the sun ’s poles , which extended the solar minimum .
Magnetic fields carried by the meridional flow typically oppose much stronger flows of magnetized material on the surface , Hathaway says .
The faster the meridional flow is , the greater the opposition is to those other flows .
As a result , the sun ’s polar magnetic field can’t become as strong , the researchers propose .
“ It is possible that the delayed start of the present cycle , 2009 to 2010 , was caused by the relatively weak polar field in 2007 to 2009 , ” comments Neil Sheeley of the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington , D.C .
The strength of the magnetic polar fields plays a critical role in determining the onset of the next solar cycle , Hathaway notes .
These fields dive beneath the solar surface , building up the deep sunspot - generating magnetic fields that signal the beginning of the next solar cycle .
Weaker polar fields take more time to reach the strength required to produce sunspots , prolonging the lull in activity from the previous cycle .
In addition , weaker - than - usual polar fields are likely to produce less activity during the subsequent solar cycle , Hathaway and Rightmire predict .
“ The fact that the meridional flow plays a key role in setting up the sun ’s polar fields for the next cycle suggests that future observations will help us predict [ the duration and intensity of ] future cycles , ” Hathaway says .
One caveat is that physicists have only an incomplete understanding of the solar cycle and the transport of magnetic material below the solar surface , Sheeley says .
“ This is certainly an interesting result and may help discriminate between different classes of models of solar magnetism , ” notes Natchimuthuk Gopalswamy of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md .
Other models , says Hathaway , which also embrace the importance of the meridional flow but rely on the complicated magnetic dynamics that happen below the surface , come to just the opposite conclusion :
A fast meridional flow leads to strong polar field and a shorter solar minimum .
Those models may now need to be revised , he says .
Image : NASA /ESA
See Also :
Yesterday I decided to make some man points .
( - 1 for knowing I need them . )
Recently we purchased online a big metal rack to hold free weights . ( +1 ) .
The delivery guy left the package outside the door when we were gone .
I was n’t strong enough to carry it inside .
( - 1 for having no upper body strength . )
So I tipped it on its end and “ walked ” it into the garage .
( + 1 for using science to move a heavy object . )
The rack required assembly .
This was a problem because all of my tools had been stolen from the garage last week .
( - 1 for leaving tools unprotected .
- 1 for having so few tools that they all fit in one basket .
- 1 for not replacing them the same day .
- 1 for not having an attack dog in the garage . )
The main tool I needed was a rather huge Allen wrench .
I did n’t own that sort of tool even in the days when I had tools .
( - 1 for inadequate toolage . )
So I dropped everything , jumped in the car , and headed to Home Depot for a tool buying spree .
( + 1 for going on a hunt for tools .
- 1 for calling it a spree .
+ 1 for intending to buy tools for which I had no immediate use .
As soon as I got to Home Depot I asked a guy who was wearing an orange apron for directions to the men ’s room and the tool aisle .
( - 1 for asking directions .
- 1 for having a bladder like a pregnant woman .
- 1 for not already knowing where the tool aisle was at my local Home Depot . )
I saw a display of hammers and acted as if I were evaluating them by lifting each one and giving it a mock motion toward , in no particular order , a nail , a victim , and beer can .
I quickly found that I can’t tell the difference between a good hammer and bad one . ( - 5 ) .
I went down the row and tossed screwdrivers , pliers , wrenches , drill bits , and anything else that looked remotely useful in my cart .
At the checkout counter I grabbed two Snickers and worried that maybe I ’m eating too much chocolate lately . ( - 1 )
Back home , fully tooled , I discovered that the bench was apparently used , or at least beat up pretty badly .
I considered sending it back .
( -1 ) But in the end I figured that it would just get banged up in a week anyway , so no big deal . ( +3 ) I commenced assembly .
My first problem is that there were no step - by - step assembly instructions , just a picture of the parts along with arrows as to where they should end up .
( - 1 for wishing I had step - by - step directions . )
I reckoned I needed a crew of four to hold the shelves and the ends in place so I could tighten the bolts with my brand new oversized Allen wrench .
( - 1 for needing help . )
All of the pieces of the shelf were steel and very heavy , so you could n’t hold it together with one hand while applying bolts with the other .
And my garage was not outfitted with oversized clamps .
( - 1 for having no oversized clamps . )
I considered asking Shelly for help .
But if you need help from your wife at this stage of a project , you might as well use the box cutter you just bought at Home Depot to remove your own nards and keep them in a jar in the kitchen , on the spice rack between the cumin and the bay leaves .
( - 1 for being able to name two spices . )
So I stood and stared at the various components of my potential weight rack and rotated the pieces in my mind until I could imagine a set of steps that would make a team of helpers unnecessary .
( +1. )
It worked .
Not only had I purchased the correct tools ( +1 ) , but I figured out a way to tilt and prop the bench parts in just the right way to make it a one - man ( ish ) job .
Now all I needed to do was vacuum some debris left from the packaging and it was a job well done .
And for that I needed …my Shop - Vac. ( +1 for having a Shop - Vac . )
The Shop - Vac stared at me from across the garage .
It was a Medusa - like tangle of power cord , hose tentacle , and attachments .
I would need to move it nearly ten feet without strangling myself , losing an eye , or breaking an ankle .
This time I was n’t afraid .
My testosterone was spiked from assembling the weight rack , and from being around lots of new tools .
For once , this would be a fair fight .
I grabbed the Shop - Vac ’s hose , it countered by dropping an attachment on my foot .
I yanked its power cord , and it swung around and knocked over a screen .
When I went to save the falling screen , just as the Shop - Vac planned , the hose wiggled out of my hand and wiped the tool bench clean of all items weighing less than a pound .
Oh , now I was in it .
Soon the air was filled with curses and the sounds of screaming wheels on concrete .
There were arms and hoses and cords everywhere .
I moved the Shop - Vac five feet and dared to imagine victory .
Then I remembered that the vacuum bag was n’t inside the Shop - Vac , because someone had borrowed the monster to vacuum water .
Oh God , I would have to open it .
I ripped off its top and cleaned its insides , all the while afraid it would regain consciousness before the operation was complete , and go all Doctor Octopus on my ass .
All I needed to do was slip the bag hole frame thing into a slot where the hose meets the Shop - Vac torso and I would be done .
But I could n’t quite get it to fit .
I tried once , twice , three times .
It looked so simple , but somehow the Shop - Vac found a way to resist .
I tried a 25th time , then a 26th .
After approximately the 50th unsuccessful attempt , and after a hole formed in the only vacuum bag I possessed , things went dark .
I beat the Shop - Vac to death on the concrete floor , then picked up the pieces and put them in a pile as a warning to the other tools . ( +10 )
The broom and dustpan decided to give me no resistance .
The whole thing started with some bigoted holier than thou kid playing a prank .
My nephew is on two sports teams at school and is very athletic .
Nobody would consider him the stereotypical gay guy .
Apparently a classmate thought it would be funny to play a prank on him and signed up with a fake Facebook account .
On that Facebook account , he pretended to be gay .
He contacted my nephew and one thing led to another and my nephew admitted to this " fake " person that he was gay .
Well , that kid took a screen shot , printed it out and showed it to several people at school .
My nephew apparently then said he knew it was a prank , but the damage was done .
He was outted .
The school has a strict policy about " alternative lifestyles " and he was called in to the principal 's office .
To make matters worse , my nephew sent a few graphic photos of himself and those had been turned in to the principal 's office too .
The school said that alone was enough to kick him out .
My sister and her zealot husband both confronted him when he arrived home .
They told him that he needed to speak to the family minister and pray for forgiveness and " deliverance from this sin " .
Well , instead of meeting with the family minister , he skipped town .
He called me and told me he is on the way to my house in Florida .
This is probably a 12 hour drive for him .
My sister has told me to turn him away , but I can't do that .
I know I risk the relationship I have with her by taking him in , but how could I possibly turn him away ?
He is scared and incredibly hurt .
He knows that we do not judge in my home and is seeking refuge here .
What do I do ?
What do I say ?
The kid was just outted , then kicked out of school because of it .
I really do n't know how to handle the situation .
UPDATE : Wow the rec list ?
Thanks !
Let me say , I am not going to turn him away .
He is welcome in my home as long as he needs a place to stay .
I will be the open arms , the listen ear , the loving heart , and the best aunt I can be .
Thank you all for the advice about trying to get him in to a local school so he can graduate on time .
He is a very bright boy and has the potential for a full athletic scholarship to at least one school .
He must graduate though in order to receive the scholarship .
I just do n't know what to say to him when he gets here .
I guess I can offer him love and understanding .
I will work on my sister and her husband and hope that they see how wonderful their son is .
I would expect him to be to my home around midnight .
I 'm very nervous .
I do not know what his state of mind is .
When he called me a few hours ago , I could tell in his voice that he had been crying .
I confirmed my address with him and told him to drive safely .
He thanked me and hung up the phone .
My sister has called me since I wrote this diary and commanded me to tell her son to go to a Tampa church that can " cure " him .
I told her he did n't need to be cured and she hung up on me .
This shrunken URL is no longer active
The shooter genre has recently been boasting some of the most cinematic games of the generation with the likes of Uncharted 2 , Modern Warfare 2 and Metal Gear Solid 4 .
When we last saw Mass Effect , it was still a nuts and bolts RPG more so than it was a 3rd person shooter .
This time around , Bioware has managed to tighten its space faring franchise to the point where the line between Halo and Final Fantasy is transparent .
Letting no complaint from the first game go unchecked , the developer has made strives to either improve or replace everything that any fan of the first could have made quibbles of .
At the start of the game you will have the opportunity to import your old ME1 save and character .
This will provide a number of bonuses like extra money and skills and will allow you to bypass the first few levels of your character ’s progression .
It will also give you a list of your choices and a summary of the state of affairs you left the first game in .
Small things like the people you spoke to and how you treated them come into effect after this process .
Some basic things are however universal .
No matter what you did in the first game you will now be under the employ of Cerberus , a pro-human overlord corporation with that all but echoes the Team Rocket mantra with its Google type omnipresence .
Human settlements on the outskirts of the galaxy are disappearing one by one , and no one is motivated enough to figure out why .
Your exploits have been pretty much sealed by efforts by the Council and Alliance , and your two year unannounced absence is n’t particularly helping your argument of a secret Reaper plot .
Abandoned by everyone but the ‘ Illusive Man ’ and his Cerberus employees , you ’re set on the trail of eight powerful allies spread all across the galaxy .
Being a part of Cerberus has its advantages though .
The upgraded Normandy SR2 is a great deal larger than the first ship .
In scifi-nerd scale it ’s a jump comparable to the Millennium Falcon to the Enterprise .
Traversing it us seamless for the most part .
Elevator load times are practically nonexistent .
One instance where you wish the sprint last longer is due to the increase in size .
Getting all the way from the pilot ’s chair to the galaxy map will take a whole 20 seconds !
Minor grumbles , but you ’d think Shepard would have the stamina to run for more than fifteen feet if he ’s not wearing armor .
A few things will become quickly apparent when you first start playing the game .
One of those being that the game looks amazing .
Running at a steady 60 fps on even a mid-range graphics card , the game manages a high framerate to wow - factor ratio at each of its pivotal scenes .
Not taking a backseat is the aiming and targeting reticule .
Rather than being a vague circle like in the first game , you ’re given a standard crosshair that your weapons stick to religiously .
No hit over the range hit boxes this time .
You have to aim for flesh , or at least circuit boards in some cases .
You also have an ammo system that encourages you to rely more on your secondary skills rather than blast your way through like the first game .
You ’re bound to run out of ammo for one gun at some point in the game , so it allows you to get accustom to each one .
It may be annoying at first , but to shooter fans it ’s a welcome change and hardcore role - players will get used to it eventually .
In order to effective in this game you will need to have a somewhat decent background of shooters .
Knowing how to pick your targets and how to position your team will pay off for you , but playing the game like a straight shooter or an RPG wo n’t get you anywhere .
Taking cover and aiming at your targets is no longer clunky , and it supplements the Biotic and Tech powers perfectly .
At the start of the game you will be wishing that you ’d opted for a Soldier class as you would have access to more weapons and all around better combat skills .
Towards the end you ’ll be making use of every last one of your skills with ease and precision .
In the first game you merely got a check mark indicating your status on a successful mission .
Now , you are treated to a whole screen summarizing your exploits and accomplishments after success .
You ’ll find out what items you found , money , weapons , updates on your stats and team members , as well as what impact your actions had on the story and world .
This makes it simple and reduces backtracking to get back to the Normandy at the end of each mission .
The Mako has been completely discarded in favor of a transport shuttle .
The reasoning behind this is due in part to the increased size of the Normandy SR2 , but the main cause is the fan complaints over the Mako missions in the first game .
You are n’t capable of piloting this shuttle in any way , but using the probe and planet scanner you can find suitable areas to land and mine resources .
After a while , mining a planet becomes tedious , but you have an every populated supply of resources with which to upgrade your equipment , ship and skill set .
If you played the original Mass Effect , then you are familiar with the hassle of items and omnigel management of equipment and weapons .
Cycling to see which weapon is obsolete and which one is n’t – Phasic round IV or II , etc .
Some will be pleased to know that this concept is gone completely .
Armor is handled by upgrades to your standard N7 suit .
This allows you the freedom to get more creative , choosing whether to focus your armor on shield regeneration , maximum health , and how much ammo you can carry .
Weapons cannot be customized at all and cannot be purchased , only found .
The benefit to this is that when you find one gun , every member of your team has access to it .
Depending on your class you may have access to different ammo rounds ( cryo , incendiary , warp , shredder , etc. ) but beyond that you ’ll never have to fumble around to equip your guns with specific rounds .
Another improvement is that you no longer have unusable weapons equipped to your back all the time .
Switching weapons is easier without a Sniper and Assault rifle equipped when you ’re a Vanguard .
During one mission in the game you are presented with the option of picking up a new weapon proficiency , so adding an Assault Rifle or Shotgun to your class is another prayer answered in this sequel .
Customization is most definitely encouraged .
While you wo n’t be able to adjust the armor your team wears , you can manage the color scheme and design of your own .
You also have a few choices for what you will appear like casually on your ship .
There are n’t a lot of options in either , but there are enough so that it fits in with the feel of personalization additions to the game .
The majority of your time will be spent between tracking down your old crew members from the first game ( who survived ) and finding your new ones .
You may be surprised to see just how different everyone has become and how some have managed to stay the same .
Although the amount of time that ’s gone by is n’t too long , you ’ll see just how things have managed to change when given the chance to visit old areas from the first game .
The Citadel for example has become completely streamlined .
It ’s divided into a series of levels that house various shops and locales .
None of the aimless wandering from the first game .
However , it seems more confined than anything .
The only glimpse of the same areas you will have is when visiting the Presidium , which you ’ll be confined to a single balcony .
At any given moment there are a dozen of people you can talk to or ways of progressing one of the hundreds of side missions Mass Effect 2 has to offer .
Like the first game , your dialogue tree has a lot of diversity and ways to expand the codex and gain Paragon / Renegade points , but now there are context sensitive triggers that can be activated to end a conversation and jump start a fight , or persuade an unruly business owner to sell you items at cost .
You ’re as motivated to talk as your are to shoot , however at some times you can more in the mood to do one more than the other .
The game seems to have a good balance of which missions you want to shoot through and which you ’d rather move forward by asking for information .
Although at some junctions it may be difficult to determine at first .
Loyalty is a big part of the game and integral if you ’re going to succeed in your final mission .
For each of the eleven characters you will amass for your team there is a story related mission tying into their objective or their past .
Completing this mission encourages characters to trust you , unlocks special skills and adds an alternative costume option for them .
Trust me when I say that you want your team to be loyal to you before you engage in the final mission .
I really have to make sure to stress the improvement in music and sound design .
For me , the first game ’s soundtrack was fitting at times , but others it really sounded like a broken fax machine .
Some pieces are directly orchestral , while some bare the same style as the first .
Fortunately , I had n’t come across a tune that caused me to check the ink levels on my laserjet , but that thought was ever present in my mind .
Weapons and enemy sounds are well crafted , making for believable encounters and firefights .
The A - class cast is well utilized throughout the game .
With as much dialogue as there is not much of it is repeated .
You rarely hear the same humans twice in one room , but some of the aliens do blend together .
That ’s not racism , it ’s just the same voice actor .
Only playing the game from both genders perspective allows you to understand the differences between the interactions .
I can only imagine the word that went into keeping all the dialogue straight .
To me , the story in the first game did n’t really capture me all that much .
It was the world and characters that captivated and interested me .
The overarching story of the Reapers and the end of the world was a unique twist , but there was n’t any menace to it despite how many characters reacted in fear .
As Grunt pointed out in saying “ You destroyed the most bad ass thing in the galaxy , now it ’s just us , ” it ’s that feeling that always limits how dangerous the the threat is , be it Covenant , Locust or Geth .
If I can take a small team and beat them to the brink of existence then I ’m not afraid of them .
Point being , the threat of the Collectors as personal as your rivalry with Saren from the first game , and it ultimately pans out to a loose footed confrontation with the legacy of the Prothean race .
It ’s not bad , but Bioware has done a much better job at making the characters and the overall world more engrossing than its main plot , which really stems to a handful of actual missions in itself .
I do n’t think I ’ve explored much of the side missions or galaxy and I clocked in at around 25 hrs my first play through .
That said the finale in the sequel was better on every level than the one in the first game .
Utilizing your entire team for a win or die scenario that will keep you focused on the task at hand despite hectic and crazy shitstorm surrounding you is a feat to marvel at .
Every choice leading up to the final moment made for your success or failure .
At first , that notion can be daunting , but when you ’re in the middle of it it becomes reassuring .
Your team completely loyal to you , your ship at maximum capacity , your skills finely tuned – you really get the sense of what you ’ve been doing for the past day means something – at least to the video game .
When you eventually see what ending you and your crew have to face , you ’ll be motivated to delve right back into it , correcting mistakes , taking new actions , and seeing what else you can do to affect the outcome .
More than anything , I feel a little awkward at the potential for Mass Effect 3 .
Having to replay both games just to make sure all my actions and success carries over to that .
A challenge , but I ’m getting a bit ahead of myself .
There ’s still more than enough content left in the game to keep anyone busy .
Mass Effect 2 is easily Bioware ’s most ambitious and spectacular game to date .
It takes the best from the first and fine tunes it for the sequel .
Although it may take a bit more getting used to for some , once that initial step is taken , the improvements become abundantly clear .
See you in another two years Commander Shepard .
Car Insurance
If you own a car and have had your car damaged due to a misfortunate accident , you must already have a pretty good idea of why auto insurance is so important .
Auto insurance protects you from financial loss in case of an accident and also relieves your financial obligations to a great extent .
The insurance is of course , not free as you are required to make monthly payments called premium to maintain the insurance .
Car insurance has been made compulsory in many countries with penalties ranging from a fine , loss of license or even jail time , depending on the seriousness of the accident you cause .
If you live in a country where auto insurance is mandatory then it is another reason why it is in your best interest to have your car insured .
However , if you are worried about the expense of the installments then you should n’t be .
There are many companies in the market for auto insurance providing a range of insurance schemes so you can easily find one that can suit your needs .
While choosing a car insurance you must keep in mind that there are two types you can choose from – full insurance coverage and liability coverage .
The former , that is , the full coverage insurance as the name suggests gives your car full coverage against any type of mishap .
Liability insurance on the other hand , ensures that you are not liable for any payment to the other party ’s car .
It will be covered by your insurance however ; the disadvantage is that your damages are not covered .
It depends on whether the other person has insurance and the type and the risk with this is that often times you may end up paying for your repairs .
Liability insurance is a cheap auto insurance and for those who cannot invest in the full coverage type , it is always better to have some insurance than none at all .
Considering the increase in frequency of road accidents and assuming the importance of your car and your paychecks to you , insuring your car should be a top priority .
Choosing auto insurance must be a thoroughly researched especially considering you should find one that suits your budget and car needs as well as the number of insurance scams taking place .
The steps to secure car insurance are not all that complicated and there a few basic points you need to remember and some common steps you need to follow .
The first step you need to take do is sit with your insurance agent and understand your policy .
Getting an expert to guide you is a smart idea and all details about the coverage and premium should be understood .
Secondly , when choosing an insurance policy you will find that it is most profitable for you when you choose higher deductibles for your policy as you need up saving more in the long run .
Finally , the importance of filing an accident report cannot be undermined .
The sooner you file the report the easier it is for you as it helps you make easy claims sooner .
This is in fact one of the primary steps you need to take in case your car is involved in an accident or in case it is stolen or any kind of loss .
The point is to make an accident report as long as it is reachable .
The amount of insurance you get will depend on the outcome of the review the insurance company does on the claim and in general , the sooner the report is made , the better your chances of earning a higher insurance payment .
This is why promptness of reporting is so important and also , if the accident is not at all your fault you can get higher coverage .
In this case , depending on how smartly and properly you make the deal you can get significantly higher money .
Finding cheap car insurance is not that difficult as there are many reliable websites that provide you with all details online .
This means that you end up saving your time and effort and also get the very latest information .
The best part is that you can fill in the insurance forms online which are shorter and more precise .
The only thing you need to do is fill in all the required information and do it as carefully as you can .
For new cars , getting a car insurance for safety immediately is the best way to go albeit the fact that it will be heavy on your pocket .
For this you have the GAP or the Guaranteed Auto Protection which is meant for new insurance coverage and the GAP insurance can either be bought or leased .
All in all , to ensure that you car is adequately insured it is best to include theft devices , multiple discounts , yearly policies , comprehensive storage cover and lowering of liability to name a few .
And of course , for a stress free driving experience it is always helpful to know you have safety blanket .
Deer poaching has trebled in the last year , according to new figures , as gamekeepers said the problem was out of hand and agencies admitted they were tackling only a tiny proportion of cases .
The number of deer poaching incidents reported to the police in England and Wales rose to 335 in the 12 months to October , up from 106 the previous year .
But wildlife and countryside groups say thousands of cases go unreported , largely because few believe the police would take it seriously , despite fines of up to £ 5,000 .
" It is an increasing problem , " said Gareth Cole , England 's only dedicated poaching officer who took up the newly created post at the National Wildlife Crime Unit ( NCWU ) in September .
" The image of a poacher as a wily man taking a couple of pheasants for the family pot is certainly not true .
Modern poachers are professional , organised criminals , who travel round the country and are often involved in other types of crime .
Deer are killed by dogs in a barbaric manner and the poachers have no interest in the condition of the meat which they sell on the black market to the back doors of pubs or hotels , " he said .
Higher unemployment rates due to the recession , a surge in the UK 's deer population and improved record - keeping are believed to have contributed to the higher figures , with poaching intensifying in the run up to Christmas and the new year when there is an increased demand for game .
The British Deer Society believes up to 50,000 deer may be poached annually and Simon Clarke , of the British Association for Shooting and Conservation , agreed .
With black market venison selling for about £ 1 a lb , deer poaching was worth up to £ 5 m a year , he said .
" Not all police forces report the figures to the wildlife crime unit .
There is great disillusionment from gamekeepers about how police will respond to reports , so many do not bother .
The police do not always know the right way to handle these calls .
It depends who is in the control room on the night and who is sent out . "
Most poaching is thought to take place in parkland , where access is easy , but in the countryside and on shooting estates dry stone walls are being destroyed , and diesel , quad bikes and other equipment taken .
Farmers or gamekeepers can be attacked or intimidated .
Malcolm Cook , a gamekeeper for 30 years in Lancashire , said he had confronted 28 poachers since March .
" They are becoming more brazen and now come during the day as well as night .
None of them have been convicted .
I feel like I am wasting my time and the police 's time reporting it .
[ The police ] do n't seem to see it as an offence and it is only a matter of time before someone gets hurt trying to stop the poachers . "
John Pratt , a gamekeeper in the Ribble Valley , said : " It is the same ones who keep coming back .
They know the police do n't do anything and they laugh at us .
Or come back and break our window and slash our tyres .
It is out of hand . "
The NWCU maintains the problem is being taken seriously .
Last month 50 officers arrested five men in East Sussex in connection with a suspected commercial deer poaching outfit .
A large number of firearms , deer carcasses and venison were seized in an operation involving 50 officers .
Apple 's recent purge of sex - tinged iPhone apps and its lesser - known ban of " cookie - cutter " apps signifies the company 's new focus on quality in its App Store , rather than quantity .
Last month , Apple removed about 5,000 apps with " overtly sexual content " from its App Store .
And this week Apple told Mobile Roadie , a company that provides templates for clients to build iPhone apps , that the App Store would no longer accept " cookie - cutter " apps – apps made with app - generating services that do little more than reproduce websites or pull RSS feeds from the internet .
" This is a hot issue as more focus is being placed on app platforms to ensure they 're providing a quality user experience and content , " said Michael Schneider , CEO of Mobile Roadie .
He stressed that his company is not a maker of " cookie - cutter " apps because its templates are highly customizable .
" I ’m not going to comment on specific competitors , but I believe as a result of the recent changes at Apple many of them will be out of business , " Schneider later wrote in a blog post .
" The ones that are left are going to have to step it up , which is a good thing for the App Store , for our business , and for consumers . "
Since the App Store 's early days , Apple has boasted about the number of apps served through the store and highlighted its rapid growth .
The App Store launched with 800 third - party apps in July 2008 , and by November 2009 it had surpassed 100,000 apps .
As of February , Apple 's App Store had accumulated about 150,000 apps .
That number has translated into a huge competitive advantage .
In terms of quantity , the App Store has a commanding lead in the mobile space .
Android is in a distant second with 19,300 apps .
Windows Mobile 's store has 690 apps , Palm has 1,450 , Nokia carries 6,120 and BlackBerry serves 4,760 .
Sure , you may not want to use the majority of the Apple store 's 150,000 apps , but the fact that customers have nearly eight times more selection than they do with Android phones and nearly 200 times more than with the Windows Marketplace is a convincing sales advantage for many .
In recent months , Apple has expedited its App Store approval policy to be much faster than it used to be .
Several iPhone developers told Wired.com that the App Store has recently been approving their apps in as little as two days .
Last year , an app approval could take between two weeks and two months .
Apple did not respond to Wired.com 's request for comment regarding major changes in the App Store .
But Scott Schwarzhoff , vice president of marketing at Appcelerator , an app - building service , said it was likely that a larger staff and new automated tools are helping to speed up Apple 's approval process .
As a result , that frees up bandwidth for Apple to institute bigger - picture changes to improve the quality of the App Store , he said .
" Now it 's a quality - versus - quantity issue , " Schwarzhoff said .
" When they first started they wanted tons of apps , but now with 150,000 apps out there , there 's no need for Apple to have bigger numbers on its side as compared to quality applications . "
Without a doubt , those put out of business are chagrined by Apple 's capriciously changing App Store policy .
For example , Fred Clarke , co-president of a small software company called On the Go Girls was making thousands of dollars each month before the policy shift .
Now , with 50 of his company 's sexy apps banned from the store , his salad days are over .
" It ’s very hard to go from making a good living to zero , " he said in an interview with The New York Times .
" This goes farther than sexy content .
For developers , how do you know you are n’t going to invest thousands into a business only to find out one day you ’ve been cut off ? "
However , all of the developers contacted by Wired.com said they were happy with the change .
They said that thanks to Apple 's new ( albeit unclear ) quality standard , the App Store will be less cluttered with trashy apps , which benefits both developers and consumers .
Eric Kerr , co-founder of AppLoop , shut down his company 10 months ago for financial and personal reasons .
AppLoop 's service , called App Generator , turned any online publication with an RSS feed into an app – something that might have fallen under Apple 's new ban of cookie - cutter apps .
But Kerr sided with Apple on its decision to prohibit apps with extremely limited utility made with app generators .
" Apple doing this is really only accelerating the inevitable , " Kerr told Wired.com .
" You have all these applications that do n't provide any additional value to users , and in the long run the market will determine they 're useless and people will not download them .
Because of the application - discovery problem , that might take a while for that to actually happen , and during that time period you have a bunch of low - quality apps clogging the system . "
Obscure rules — —— —-
Still , Apple has come under fire because of the lack of clarity regarding policy changes in the App Store .
During Apple 's removal of apps containing overtly sexual content , many criticized the company for allowing sex - tinged apps from big companies such as Playboy and Sports Illustrated to remain in the store .
Apple 's vice president of marketing Phil Schiller said Apple had removed the sexy iPhone apps in response to complaints from parents and women .
However , he said the apps from Playboy and Sports Illustrated would remain because they came from reputable companies .
" The difference is this is a well - known company with previously published material available broadly in a well - accepted format , " Schiller told NY Times .
But as Apple continues to push its new quality regime , a question arises :
Where do you draw the line between raising quality standards and censorship ?
That 's already stirring some debate .
Apple crossed the line with German tabloid Bild , whose iPhone app was pulled because of a feature containing sexual content , an act that the publication has called " a curtailing of press freedoms . "
" Today it is naked breasts , tomorrow it could be editorial content , " said Donata Hopfen , head of Bild 's digital media department , in an interview with German magazine Der Spiegel .
She said Bild was urging the Federation of German Newspaper Publishers to take action " in the interest of freedom of the press . "
That battle , however , will be a tough one for Bild .
Apple is not a government , and thus it is not governed by the First Amendment , said Peter Scheer , executive director of the First Amendment Coalition .
In other words , the company 's rules may be arbitrary and unfair , but Apple has the right to make decisions about what it carries in its App Store .
The fact that it lacks significant competition may be encouraging Apple act more high - handed than it would otherwise , Scheer noted .
" They 're trying to create this aura of respectability and selectivity , " Scheer said .
" Apple 's trying to create this censored environment .
It 's a little like China .
What China does to the whole internet with pornographic content is what Steve Jobs is trying to do in his neighborhood for the iPhone . "
With a big lead in the numbers game Apple 's move toward emphasizing quality might just help it retain its dominance in the mobile market .
However , Scheer said if Apple 's moves continue to be construed as acts of censorship , it could drive customers to more open alternatives such as Google 's Android platform .
" Eventually you embitter a lot of people who do n't understand why they 're being denied access to something they 'd like to have on a device they have and they own , " he said .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
When ?
Monday , March 15 2010 at 7:30 PM
Download iCalendar file
( e.g. import to Outlook or Google Calendar )
Where ?
The Monk Exchange
Strutton Ground
London
SW1H 0HW
Who ?
Professor Brian Cox
What 's the talk about ?
Brian
Cox on how to make science an election issue , and why it should be an election issue .
No booking required .
The Guardian has an amazing series of articles about the Jones 1990 urbanization study that has been quoted by all subsequent IPCC reports as authoritative that urbanization has negligible effect on the historic temperature record .
It is pretty clear that while denying the FOI requests and calling skeptics lazy and liars and irritants ( etc. ) they actually knew full well there were problems with the study .
This is what they were saying publicly :
n American colleague , and frequent contributor to the leaked emails , Dr Mike Mann at Pennsylvania State University , advised him : “ This crowd of charlatans … look for one little thing they can say is wrong , and thus generalise that the science is entirely compromised .
The last thing you want to do is help them by feeding the fire .
Best thing is to ignore them completely . ”
Another colleague , Kevin Trenberth at the National Centre for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado , urged a fightback .
“ The response should try to somehow label these guys and [ sic ] lazy and incompetent and unable to do the huge amount of work it takes to construct such a database . ”
This is what they were saying privately :
Those concerns were most cogently expressed to Jones by his ex-boss , and former head of the CRU , Dr Tom Wigley .
In August 2007 , Wigley warned Jones by email : “ It seems to me that Keenan has a valid point .
The statements in the papers that he quotes seem to be incorrect statements , and that someone ( W - C W at the very least ) must have known at the time that they were incorrect . ”
Wigley was concerned partly because he had been director of the CRU when the original paper was published in 1990 .
As he told Jones later , in 2009 : “ The buck should eventually stop with me . ”
Wigley put to Jones the allegations made by the sceptics .
“ Wang had been claiming the existence of such exonerating documents for nearly a year , but he has not been able to produce them .
Additionally , there was a report published in 1991 ( with a second version in 1997 ) explicitly stating that no such documents exist . ”
… Wigley , in his May 2009 email to Jones , said of Wang : “ I have always thought W - C W was a rather sloppy scientist .
I would … not be surprised if he screwed up here …
Were you taking W - C W on trust ?
Why , why , why did you and W - C W not simply say this right at the start ?
Perhaps it ’s not too late . ”
There is no evidence of any doubts being raised over Wang ’s previous work .
Interesting .
Intriguingly , Jones did “ penance ” in some sense for this sloppy work by finding as much as a 1C per century urbanization bias in Chines temperature records in a later study .
Why it matters
The Guardian writes :
t is important to keep this in perspective , however .
This dramatic revision of the estimated impact of urbanisation on temperatures in China does not change the global picture of temperature trends .
There is plenty of evidence of global warming , not least from oceans far from urban influences .
This is correct .
Further , it is absurd to deny the world has warmed over the last 150 years as the little ice age of the 17th and 18th centuries was one of the coldest periods in thousands of years , and thus it is totally natural that we have seen warming in recovery from these frigid times .
But here is what it is important to understand :
The real debate between skeptics and alarmists is not over whether the Earth has warmed over the last century or whether CO2 from man contributes incrementally to warming .
The real debate is over whether the climate ’s sensitivity to CO2 is high or low .
Skeptics like me argue for low sensitivity , on the order of 0.5 - 1.0C per doubling once all feedbacks are taken in to account .
Alarmists argue for numbers 3C and higher .
The problem alarmists have is that it is very , very difficult to reconcile past warming to high - sensitivity forecasts .
It takes a lot of mathematical contortions , from time - delays to cooling aerosols to ignoring ocean cycles and natural recovery from the little ice age to make the numbers reconcile .
Halving the actual historic warming by attributing the other half to measurement biases makes it even , uh , more impossible to reconcile high sensitivity models to actual history .
For more incredible facts such as these , just visit your local library !
Be sure to look under “ C ” for “ CRAAAZY . ”
- Ray
Here 's how US regulators do a broadband plan : talk about competition even while admitting there is n't enough , then tinker around the edges with running fiber to " anchor institutions " and start collecting real data on US broadband use .
Here 's how they do it in the UK : order incumbent telco BT to share its fiber lines with any ISP who is willing to pay .
In places where BT has n't yet run fiber , order the company to share its ducts and poles with anyone who wants to run said fiber .
In the 14 percent of the UK without meaningful broadband competition , slap price controls on Internet access to keep people from getting gouged .
Government regulations can't encourage innovation ?
That 's not the way UK telecoms regulator Ofcom sees the world , and it takes a none - too - subtle dig at the US model .
" Availability of super - fast broadband in the UK ( some 46 percent of homes ) is now ahead of most large economies where deployments have been funded commercially .
In the US , AT&T and Verizon have upgraded their networks to cover 17 percent and 12 percent of households , respectively , while cable company Comcast is approaching coverage of around 35 percent of US households with super - fast cable broadband . "
In case you 're not getting the message , Ofcom is prepared to bludgeon you over the head with it .
" Aside from small urban countries with highly concentrated populations , like Singapore , the main countries which are currently leading in the rollout and take - up of super - fast broadband are those which have had significant government intervention to support deployment , such as Japan and South Korea . "
We 're super - fast !
Ofcom 's words are part of its new proposal ( PDF ) , released yesterday , to encourage what it calls " super - fast broadband " deployments .
This is Internet access above 24 Mbps , the upper limit for the most common forms of DSL , and it generally refers to DOCSIS 3.0 cable systems or fiber .
Government line - sharing rules have long forced BT to unbundle last - mile copper and make it available to other ISPs .
The result has been solid competition in the UK ( if you believe Ofcom , it is " one of the most competitive broadband markets in Europe " ) .
The result has been lower prices .
Source : Ofcom
The new sharing rules for ducts and fiber are meant to spur investment in higher speeds .
In order not to deter BT 's own investment in the fiber network , Ofcom will let the company set its own prices , and it argues that prices " will be constrained by the wider competitiveness of the broadband market . "
In places where BT has already rolled out fiber to the home , few ISPs would want to duplicate that effort with a fiber installation of their own ; most prefer to share .
But in places where BT has not deployed fiber , other ISPs might want to do so in order to gain a competitive advantage .
In this case , they will get regulated access to existing in - ground cable ducting and to BT 's poles for aerial fiber deployments .
In 2008 in 2009 , Ofcom actually surveyed BT 's ducting and concluded that nearly half of existing ducts have additional room for cabling .
Line - sharing rules have n't been a panacea for everyone .
Outside of well - populated areas , some 14 percent of the country has access only to copper wire , and the only ISP is BT .
While Ofcom has declined to do any price regulation in most of the country ( it deregulated parts of the market in 2008 ) , it does intend to apply " locally specific price controls " to prevent BT from abusing a monopoly position .
Ofcom 's basic approach has much in common with the FCC - commissioned report from Harvard that came to similar conclusions about the importance of government involvement with the line - sharing rules .
The FCC staffers who wrote the recently released National Broadband Plan were certainly aware of all this information , but they also believe that the US is a special case .
Unlike in most European countries , for instance , the US has a huge cable infrastructure , providing a much different regulatory environment than states with a single incumbent telephone company and little cable infrastructure .
( Note that this is n't really true the UK , however , where 46 % of the country can get cable . )
While mandated line - sharing might have created competition 7 to 10 years ago , the broadband team simply does n't believe it would work today .
The big ISPs have economies of scale , the pool of brand - new Internet subscribers is much smaller , and few companies have been lobbying the FCC with promises of massive investment if the agency changed its stance .
So when did the UK start mandating unbundling ?
As recently as 2005 — and in the five years since , more than 6 million residents have taken advantage of the rule to use an alternate ISP .
The problem is that , moving forward , US Internet users who do n't live in FiOS territory will quickly have even less competition than they do now .
No major telephone company has announced plans for ambitious fiber deployments , even as cable operators raced ahead with ( cheap ) DOCSIS 3.0 upgrades .
Even the National Broadband Plan admits that within a few years , only 15 % of Americans will have more than one option for truly high - speed broadband .
Experiments like those currently underway by Google and universities like Case Western Reserve in Cleveland may show Americans the benefits of a fiber - optic network open to any ISP , and perhaps seeing what such a network might look like will galvanize some kind of change in the competitive landscape .
But for now , and for the foreseeable future , " competition " is not a strong suit of truly high - speed Internet access in most of the US .
Interview with an Ex - Vegan : Stella
If you leave veganism and then post a blog entry about it , I will find you .
Well not really , but if your omnivorous re-birth entry includes the phrase “ brain fog , ” there ’s a good chance I ’ll stumble across your blog one day .
But that ’s not how I found Stella ’s blog .
In her leaving veganism entry , there was nothing about brain fogs , mind clouds or even cerebral mists .
That surprised me ; most of the ex-vegans that I ’d known and read about only started to question their consistent , unassailable philosophy once physical deterioration struck .
So how did Stella free herself from the prison of vegan logic without that little nudge from bodily collapse ?
Read on and find out .
What got you into veganism ?
I ’d been vegetarian off and on for about seven years , including one stint of near - veganism during college ( totally vegan at home , pretty strict vegetarian elsewhere ) .
My first and main motivation was , as for most vegans , to reduce animal suffering .
Being a native Texan , I had always eaten plenty of meat , but I preferred the more processed varieties , even as a child – ground beef , chicken nuggets , hot dogs , sausages .
Anything that looked like an animal part always disgusted me , especially chicken legs and wings or fish with the skin on .
My father , a typical East Texan , always went deer hunting every year , and I went along a few times , always thinking to myself , if I see a deer , I ’m going to wave my arms and yell , “ Run , run ! ” However , I was not an “ early articulator ; ” I never disliked the taste or smell of meat in general , and I never felt any deep conflict or guilt as a child about consuming animal products .
I read vegan literature off and on throughout college , and considered becoming vegan , but was never able to overcome the cultural enjoyment of Texas food along with my personal love of cheese , milk and Mexican food .
Yet I could n’t shake the feelings of guilt about killing other sentient beings .
Were you an animal lover ?
I would ’ve never called myself that , but I had grown up around dogs and cats and did n’t see any difference between eating livestock animals and eating them .
It began to weigh more and more on my mind , and , as I got older , I began to seriously consider vegetarianism as a way to both remove my own guilt and as a boycott mechanism against industrial agriculture , particularly factory farming .
I felt that becoming vegetarian , or ultimately vegan , would shut down the guilty voice of my conscience .
I could remove myself from the cycle and have no part in the death of any animals .
When I was in grad school in the UK , I became vegetarian , and kept that up for about six months while living in a dorm , making liberal use of Linda McCartney brand processed meat substitutes and Tesco vegetable gravy granules .
Then I moved in with a boyfriend who was very intolerant of my desire to be veg*n , and I went back to being an omnivore for a further three years .
When I found myself rather involuntarily repatriated to the US in 2005 , after a nasty break - up , I was pretty set on resuming my vegetarian diet , and I felt for a long time that I would eventually transition to veganism .
It was a diet / lifestyle I viewed with a mixture of admiration and curiosity , and one that seemed to align perfectly with my anti-capitalist , anti-exploitation views .
After nine months in my hometown of Paris , Texas , during which time I was a reluctant omnivore , I moved to Austin in May of 2006 and became vegetarian in September .
Probably a better place for it than Paris , Texas .
It was easy in Austin .
I was happy as a vegetarian for a while , but always had a nagging feeling that I would eventually become vegan .
I was a little intimidated by the vegan foods , supplements and ingredients , though , so it took me a while to really make the commitment .
In February of 2008 , I decided to give up dairy for Lent .
Looking for recipes and support online , I found a vegan forum and started reading and learning more .
I posted some questions about eggs and was rather taken aback by the judgmental , zero - tolerance responses I got from the vegans , but I was already pretty much on bandwagon of vegan logic , so I decided to give up eggs .
For the first few weeks I craved cheese , but then it became surprisingly easy ( especially when I started mainlining avocados and olive oil ) ; so , after Lent , I decided to keep being vegan .
I was very comfortable in the online community I ’d found , and I tentatively became active in the Austin vegan community , mostly through my now - defunct blog , The Vegan Tree House , and with a few people I met online and at Wheatsville Co-op .
During this time , I also read more and more vegan literature , and became increasingly drawn to abolitionist arguments , struggling with the idea / belief that exploiting animals is always categorically wrong .
However , I was also increasingly interested in environmental issues and realized that meat - eating could certainly be sustainable ( e.g. hunting and using the whole animal ) and , in many places on Earth , unavoidable .
I did n’t begrudge Inuit people their seal and seafood diet ; and I did n’t really have as much animosity toward hunters as most vegans seem to feel .
However , throughout my time as a vegan , I felt very committed to the diet and its associated , generally internally consistent logic .
I was definitely one of the vegans who frequently said it was “ one of the best things I ’ve ever done , ” and I certainly did not foresee giving up veganism , much less reverting to being an omnivore .
How long were you vegan ?
About six weeks shy of two years .
That ’s not nearly as long as the forever you thought you were going to be vegan .
How did you get out ?
I first started reading Derrick Jensen ’s work about four years ago , when I checked out his book Walking on Water : Reading , Writing , and Revolution from the public library .
At the time , I was considering getting a teaching certificate and becoming a high school English teacher , but I had reservations about many aspects of the education industry .
When I happened upon his book and read the flap , I sensed a kindred spirit .
From there , I began to read some of his more “ anarcho - primitivist ” work , and , for the most part , found even more incidents of kindred thinking .
Throughout my time as a vegan , I continued to read his books and articles , along with other authors I discovered through him or got interested in because of ideas presented by his books ; these authors were all over the map , diet - wise , and I usually found myself exasperated by their justifications for meat - eating , or what I saw as their willful ignorance of vegan arguments .
Michael Pollan comes to mind as an example of someone on the “ vegan shitlist ” whose logic unnerved and enraged me when I was a vegan .
I also remained disappointed in Jensen ’s love of salmon ( both in the water and on his plate ) , and I remember engaging in several long discussions of his work with other vegans .
I particularly remember joining the vegan chorus in bashing his friend and colleague Lierre Keith ’s then - recently - published book , The Vegetarian Myth .
Which of course I had n’t read .
However , I frequently linked to Jensen on my own blog , because I felt that the importance of his environmental arguments overshadowed my personal disagreement with him on the ethics of eating wild - caught salmon .
And , really , I did n’t see how I could dismiss as categorically wrong the idea that it might be better for humans to live in a natural , symbiotic relationship with salmon than to dam rivers to provide irrigation to Cargill or Monstanto ’s industrial soybean farms and electricity to urban tofu eaters .
All along throughout my vegan journey , I was willing to admit that , yeah , in an ideal world , it might be preferable to eat animals .
I ’m almost surprised you did n’t leave veganism earlier .
Like many vegans , I tended to view the contemporary arrangement through the lens of a “ fallen world ” approach and concluded that , as long as there were factory farms , it was better to be vegan .
I also harbored pipe dreams of someday having a plot of land on which to raise organic food for myself and my family , and I was n’t ever sure I would n’t raise chickens purely for their eggs and manure fertilizer .
However , at this time I still thought that a technological answer to my existential food chain dilemma would appear : veganic permaculture , hydroponics , human evolution , something .
Then around Thanksgiving this past year , I started taking this logic and concern with sustainability further than I had before .
It was n’t any health issues ( though looking back I think there were some ) , and I was n’t having any uncontrollable cravings for butter or bacon .
All along , I ’d been feeling an internal tug of war between veganism and sustainability .
I broached this subject with fellow vegans , who predictably parroted the vegan talking points about cattle using more land and water than grains per caloric volume , and insisted we did n’t have to choose between compassion and sustainability .
Yet I never felt I got any satisfactory answers , and this conflict remained unresolved for me .
I was continually exploring it , and increasingly being open to ideas and facts that were taboo to vegans .
In my experience , a significant majority of vegans are urbanites , well removed from the realities of both farming and subsistence hunting .
But you were in touch with these realities ?
Despite coming from a quasi-rural , Southern , hunting background , and having a sizable share of relatives and ancestors who were cotton sharecroppers , hunters , squirrel eaters , and subsistence farmers , I nevertheless had virtually zero knowledge of agriculture or hunting .
I knew nothing about soil chemistry or the necessity for organic inputs to grow food .
I had no idea the extent to which modern mass agriculture relies upon petroleum - based fertilizers .
I understood a little about “ maintaining populations ” of deer , and I was aware of the feral hog problem in Texas , but I had no idea about the realities of human subsistence or ecosystem balance .
I would never have admitted this as a vegan , and I would ’ve probably looked down upon anyone who considered these fields of knowledge worthwhile .
It seemed inevitable to me that humans would continue to “ evolve ” into vegans , mostly of the urban variety .
We would rely more and more on vegan foodstuffs produced through a combination of organic permaculture and mind - blowing technological advancements .
Hell , I did n’t even think that was necessary ; I really believed we could survive as a species eating only plant - based foods and using only plant - based materials .
We would become more and more enlightened , eventually eschewing the nasty business of hunting and fishing and pasturing and exploiting and killing .
Do you remember a specific turning point ?
It was getting colder and I missed the fluffy , cloudlike duvets I ’d had on my bed in the UK .
I went to the store and looked at the astonishing array of them .
I had to choose between real down and “ artificial down , ” and I could n’t decide what the “ right ” thing to do was .
( Of course the right thing to do in an ideal world would n’t involve me standing in a wide aisle under fluorescent lighting , looking at twenty different blankets produced in a Third World sweatshop , but I digress . )
The down duvet was out of the question ; it was of death .
It was made of the lives innocent birds , raised for their feathers and no doubt tortured throughout their short lives .
On the other hand , looking at the artificial down duvets , I could n’t ignore that they were made from polyester , which of course is a petroleum - derived industrial synthetic .
I debated myself : I want to keep warm .
I do not have access to raw , organic , vegan fiber .
I also do not have access to wild or sustainably farmed geese .
I cannot afford to buy a blanket made from either of these sources anyway .
An artificial down duvet , made of petroleum derivatives , has contributed to the destruction of whole ecosystems in the extraction process and has contributed to the deaths of potentially hundreds or thousands of individual animals ( including humans ) through oil spills , pipelines , wars for oil , industrial processing , industrial factory smoke , industrial wage slavery and , finally , transport in planes , trains , and automobiles .
The down duvet of course caused all of this , too , as it is also an industrially - produced consumer product , plus it also resulted in the torture and deaths of the birds whose feathers are sewn inside .
I realized then that I ’d been fooling myself regarding the magic of vegan consumer choices , and that I cannot escape the system of exploitation .
I realized that in a healthy , natural , functioning ecosystem ( or society ) , free of industrial exploitation , the best solution to my winter warmth problem would be to use feathers ( or fur , or wool , or whatever material is supplied by my landbase ) .
Unlike petroleum - based products , or huge quantities of mass - produced plant fibers requiring massive fertilization inputs ( also derived from – you guessed it – petroleum ! ) , feathers are a renewable resource .
Of course , like my vegan logic , this logic is working in a hypothetical universe .
Like I said , I have no access to wild or humanely raised geese .
But standing there in the blanket aisle , I realized that no matter how much I wanted it to be true , veganism was not and could never really be sustainable .
Minus the industrial infrastructure , exploitation , and petroleum inputs , all these things I assumed enlightened future humans would rely upon in an enlightened vegan world would vanish : artificial down duvets , vinyl shoes , polar fleece North Face Jackets , soy candles , the lot of it .
So you bought the down duvet ?
No , I bought the artificial one !
Baby steps .
Then I finally read , among other titles on the vegan shitlist bibliography , Lierre Keith ’s book The Vegetarian Myth .
It provided a jumping - off point for a broader exploration of agriculture , nutrition , and ethics – way beyond what I expected when I decided to open the scary , evil cover .
I am not at all ashamed to admit that it did push me over the edge .
I regret the uninformed ( and uninspired ) attacks I had previously launched against her work .
I now think it ’s a very important book , not just for vegans or ex-vegans , but for the environmental and anti-capitalist movements more broadly .
I think she wrote it honestly and earnestly ; I think she has been on the same quest so many of us vegans and ex-vegans have been and are on .
She understands why vegans are vegans , and , like me , admires and agrees with a large portion of their logic and approach .
I think she ’s right about the quasi-religious aspects of veganism insofar as it functions as a belief system or even , sometimes , a cult .
I think she ’s right about the unsustainable nature of both industrial agriculture and veganism .
And I share her sense of pain and frustration at realizing that this is in fact the case .
But this book provided a powerful catalyst for understanding my own interest in veganism and how to use that compassion and concern for fact - based ethics to begin creating a more sustainable – and , thus , ultimately , more compassionate – way .
Lierre Keith was vegan for 20 years before health issues forced her out .
Health was n’t why you left , but you mentioned having some nutritional problems with veganism in retrospect .
I never saw any marked difference in most of the areas both vegans and anti-vegans often cite as improved by their dietary choices .
I had no increase or decrease in acne , my allergies were and are terrible ( ah , Austin ! ) , my eyesight neither worsened nor improved , my hair and nails are the same thickness and texture , etc .
But I now wonder about a few things .
I definitely experienced the “ brain fog ” you describe , and now never fall asleep sitting at my desk in the middle of the afternoon despite a full night ’s sleep .
I also had , after nearly 20 years with no tooth decay , four fillings for cavities last year , about a year and a half into my veganism .
Having read of other vegans ’ and ex-vegans ’ problems with cavities , I wonder if my diet was a factor .
I was n’t a perfect , macrobiotic , healthy vegan but I did n’t subsist on junk food , either .
I love to cook ( and blog about it ) , so I made tons of home - cooked vegan meals , usually using fresh organic ingredients , although I did have a few junky standbys in case of emergency ( such as vegan queso and Amy ’s frozen tamale pies , which I still eat ) .
Did you believe the urban legends about vegans getting sick when they eat animal products again ?
When transitioning back to omnivorism , I had little fear about becoming sick upon eating animal products , though I was careful not to gorge myself on meats or anything like that .
The first thing I ate were fried ( local , organic , fresh ) eggs with homemade pesto and cremini mushrooms sauteed in butter , and it was one of the best meals I had ever had .
I never got sick or had any upset stomach issues upon returning to meat , milk , or any other animal product , but this may be because I was only vegan for about two years .
I suspect this might be a real side effect for some vegans .
The one really interesting and almost immediate improvement I noticed was that I felt more full , longer – and within two days I stopped craving carbs .
Do n’t get me wrong , I am a bit of a carbaholic and always have been , but , while vegan , I had an insatiable hunger for pasta , potatoes , bread , and the like .
I can now eat a one - cup serving of carbs along with meat and / or vegetables and feel satisfied .
I also find myself hungry for all the food groups , not just carbs .
I did n’t realize how profoundly carb - driven my diet was until I started eating meat again .
This was a side effect I was not expecting at all .
Some people become vegetarian after quitting veganism , but you went straight back to omnivorism .
Why did n’t you consider vegetarianism to be a worthwhile compromise ?
Because I came to change my views on the nature of humans ’ relationship to animals and vice versa .
A symbiotic relationship in a whole , healthy ecosystem is what I think we should be working toward , not an unattainable vegan heaven on earth .
There are the realities of human nutritional needs , the co-evolution of many species of livestock , soil ’s unavoidable need for decomposing organic matter in the form of manure , the fact that many areas of the earth are simply not suited for agriculture of any kind , and so on .
Vegetarianism does n’t present as much of a problem , since vegetarians still rely on animal products and generally do not eschew leather , tallow , gelatin , beeswax , whey in paper towels , etc. , as vegans well know ( and decry ) .
My boyfriend , for instance , was mostly vegan while I was – as a show of solidarity and to avoid hearing lectures about the evils of milk in coffee .
But he never sends anything back in restaurants , reasoning that it would be less sustainable and thus less compassionate to waste food rather than just eat the cheese .
This drove me up the wall when I was vegan .
I was personally disappointed that he did n’t see how morally wrong it was to eat a bagel with real cream cheese .
HA !
He is still vegetarian .
Of course , he may not have the same deep , internalized desire to eat meat that I do .
Sadly , he ’s a Yankee .
Some individuals will no doubt always choose this path , either for moral or taste reasons , and I do n’t think that presents a significant problem .
However , veganism goes beyond this personal choice into a lifestyle , belief system , ethics , and proselytizing movement , and , as such , is problematic insofar as it is actually hindering long - term sustainability .
Did you know any vegans in real life who were disappointed by your going back to omnivorism ?
Any omnivores who were elated ?
Those were pretty much the reactions , yes .
Not too surprising .
I had a few friendly emails from vegans who respected my decision and wished me luck and no ill feelings , and I had more than a few ranty emails not dissimilar to true believer religious harangues , in addition to the expected catty chatter in my former online community .
I even got a few long , argumentative , self - righteous emails from people I have never met online or in person , which I did find rather surprising .
I am just one person , yet my decision to eat an egg is so important that you want to personally send me a 3000 - word email about why I am wrong ?
It is rather reminiscent of the Christians who feel the compulsion to continually remind you that if you do n’t agree with them , you ’re going to hell .
I also thought it was somewhat shocking but telling that a few vegans who I had become quite chummy with online immediately unfriended me , without comment , on Facebook , despite no terse words between us personally .
Again , this isolationist , with - us - or - against - us mentality is frighteningly similar to some of my less positive experiences with religion .
All the omnis I know were very excited – more excited than any vegans were when I became vegan – and I had multiple offers for free “ Central Texas BBQ Tours . "
Many of my omni friends and I are working together to learn more about supporting local , organic , humane and sustainable agriculture .
It ’s been a fun journey with them so far .
I do think that one of the main problems vegans face is the self - isolation created by their lifestyle .
As they well know , because of all the crap they get , food is a deep , deep part of culture and family .
I think they tend to underestimate the importance of this , though I do agree with them that " tradition ” on its own is never a solid justification for anything .
Are omnivores more annoyed with veganism than vegans realize ?
I think vegans realize how irritated omnivores are , but assume omnivores are defensive and feel guilty ; that ’s what I believed , but now I think omnivores often ( not always , of course ! ) have a healthier relationship to food , not viewing it in such absolutist and dogmatic terms .
Vegans are being honest when they say they are happy eating vegan – I know I was .
However , the first time I ate an egg again , and the first time I ate a cheeseburger , I felt relieved and deeply satisfied .
I am sure most vegans would say this was because I was selling out and taking the easy route and predicating my enjoyment on murder .
But that kind of black and white thinking is what turns so many off to veganism , or to the broader cause of ethically - informed or sustainable eating .
What else irritates omnivores about veganism ?
Many vegans are proselytizers and judgers ( as was made painfully clear to me when I told vegan friends I planned to eat locally produced , organic eggs from pastured hens ) .
And the vegan ’s absolutist refusals to eat something that has a small amount of milk in it , despite having driven to the restaurant in an oil - powered automobile - I can see now how these contradictions are obvious to thoughtful omnivores .
As a vegan , I was always incensed when omnivores called veganism “ extreme , ” and countered with the talking point , “ not as extreme as torturing and murdering animals ! "
But now I see the omnivores ’ point .
Veganism as a form of activism for animal welfare or environmentalism would be equivalent to me as a feminist refusing to use any product that was made by , developed by , produced by , advertised by , or profiting a misogynist ( or anti-choice legislator , or rapist ) .
While I do personally avoid supporting misogyny wherever possible ( starting with never dating Republicans ! ) , to avoid all media , movies , literature , sports , etc. tainted by anti-feminists would be socially and psychologically suicidal .
As with animal exploitation , people exploitation is inescapable .
Vegans are indeed taking an extreme stance in refusing to use anything derived from an animal ; though , of course , even they draw the line somewhere – vegans use computers , for instance , and computers contain animal products .
Even most vegans would find someone who really avoided all animal products extreme , because that person would necessarily be a zealot and a hermit .
So I think it ’s the preoccupation with animals and diet purity that really irritates omnivores .
It seems rather arbitrary and almost hilariously fundamentalist .
Speaking of fundamentalism , you said you agreed with Lierre Keith ’s characterization of veganism as cultish .
What about vegan behavior strikes you as religious - like ?
I saw immediately upon leaving , both through revisiting some of my own statements and through the swift reaction of the vegan community , that veganism does share some attributes with a classic cult , including : self - isolation from society ; adherents who are increasingly dependent upon the movement for their view of reality ; making sharp distinctions between " us ” and “ them ” that are not up for discussion ; exclusivity ( “ we are right and everyone else is wrong ” ) ; instant acceptance from a seemingly loving group ; and a philosophy that seems logical and appears to answer all or most of the important questions in life .
However , I would like to point out that not all vegans are ideological vegans , just as not all Christians are ideological Christians .
To me the issue is n’t so much that an individual believes certain things or wishes certain things were true or performs certain rituals ; the real problem is when ideology becomes more important than the humanity of those outside the group .
But it remains unavoidable that if you truly believe that killing animals ( or even “ exploiting ” animals for their eggs , say ) is categorically wrong , then you must speak or act against it .
A parallel would be the way in which religious anti-abortion activists believe that a human zygote or fetus , at any stage , is morally a human being and it is therefore wrong to injure , hurt , or kill said zygote or fetus ( a belief very few vegans seem to share , interestingly ) .
Since they believe all forms of abortion are ethically equivalent to murder , they must speak and act against it .
Food is murder , say the vegans , and omnivores are the food choicers .
And why food ?
For instance , almost all of the vegans I know , including the ones who berated me for turning my back on the cause , drive cars .
They are not absolutists about carbon emissions or supporting wars for oil , both of which arguably kill more animals ( not to mention humans ) than my choice to eat a locally farmed egg .
It just seems to be a misplacement of focus and a waste of energy to me .
Of course , we should all do what we can , and try to embody our ethics as much as possible – but , unfortunately , that is n’t very far in an industrialized , capitalist , declining society .
Neither my nor your consumer choices are going to save the planet .
And 7 billion improved consumer choices wo n’t save the planet either , because the problem is consumerism itself , tied into the fact that 7 billion people on earth constitutes a likely irreparable overshoot .
How could people who are so anti-religion accidentally become quasi-religious themselves ?
Are atheist vegans drawn to veganism to fill a religious function in their lives ?
Like many vegans , I ’m an atheist .
Veganism was not a surrogate religion for me , but the internal consistency of its logic ( some of which I now see as dogma ) appealed to me .
In my experience , most vegans view their dietary and lifestyle choice as eminently reasonable and unassailable , and therein lies a good deal of its appeal .
It makes sense that such a belief system would attract atheists , agnostics , skeptics and other freethinkers .
I admire this commitment to facts , logical thinking and consistency , coupled with compassion , and I think we should apply this standard to all forms of belief .
However , I think that vegans are working with incomplete or incorrect information insofar as they believe veganism is sustainable and is , therefore , ultimately the most compassionate way of life .
Vegans like to think they are undeniably logical and that their philosophy should be self - evident to everyone .
However , their starting point is “ killing animals is always wrong . "
This they cannot and will not question .
They do have lots of " proofs ” of this stance , including , most convincingly , that animals are sentient and feel pain .
Of course I agree with that .
But I no longer agree that killing animals is always wrong .
Is eating an industrially - produced , factory farmed burger at McDonald ’s necessary ?
Of course not .
But are animals a necessary part of the human food chain and of human agriculture ?
I ’m afraid so .
I , too , wish we could survive and thrive without using any animal products , but I no longer believe that ’s possible , certainly not in a long - term , healthy and sustainable manner .
Like religious true believers , ideological vegans start with a dogma and then seek to defend it , rather than taking the more scientific route of continually evaluating all the available evidence and testing their own beliefs against the constraints of reality .
What do you miss about veganism , if anything ?
Nothing , honestly .
I could say I miss the community , but as it was largely predicated on groupthink and cliquey - ness , that ’s not really the case .
I feel rather similar to how I felt when I left religion and realized I was happy as an atheist .
I feel that the world is broader , more nuanced , more complicated , more inexplicable – but more magnificent , too .
In some respects , I ca n’t believe I was ever vegan at all and I feel a little silly having bought into it so completely ; on the other hand , I learned a lot about food , cooking , and my own motivations and ethics .
I also learned that judgmental people ( which I definitely have a tendency to be myself ) are not only annoying , but almost always counter - productive , something I hope to take with me and incorporate into my often - outspoken atheism and feminism .
And I learned that butter is a miracle .
The Titanic Adventure slide is our fastest and most popular giant inflatable slide !
This 25 foot tall slide is sure to bring fun and excitement to your next event !
Fun Makers provides party rentals and sales of unique inflatable games , like the Titanic adventure slide , for school and church carnivals , company picnics , festivals and college events .
Fun Makers Inc. provides rentals in Akron , Canton , Columbus , and Cleveland , Ohio and in the states of Pennsylvaia , Michichan , West Virginia and Indiana
We are licensed in Ohio and Pennsylania and have certified safety inspectors on staff .
Fun Maker 's also rents and sells interactive games like Wax Hand art , mobile Rock Climbing Walls , Bungee Trampolines , mechanical rodeo bulls , Sumo wrestlers and dynamic advertising inflatables .
Embark on the adventure of your lifetime with a flight in a Hot Air Balloon .
The dual ramp Titanic slide is a real thrill for both children and adults !
View Rental Price Guide | View Purchase Price Guide | View More Interactive Games
The Titanic is the Flag Ship of the interactive line .
Can you survive the slide down the 25 ' high Titanic Adventure slide ?
Truly a memory to write home about .
Lackadaisy Shenanigans
This probably qualifies as one of the more ridiculous things I 've ever drawn ( and I 've drawn the 6 Million Dollar Manatee ) .
There 's not much more to say about it ... except perhaps that there seems to be something intrinsically masochistic about being Irish .
Oh well , I hope your St. Paddy 's Day was at least more fun than Rocky and Freckle 's turned out to be .
* Users of hacked PCs had privileged access to source code
* Researchers says hackers stole source code data
* Hackers had opportunity to secretly modify source code
BOSTON , March 3 ( Reuters ) -
The hackers behind the attacks on Google Inc GOOG.O and dozens of other companies operating in China stole valuable computer source code by breaking into the personal computers of employees with privileged access , a security firm said on Wednesday .
The hackers targeted a small number of employees who controlled source code management systems , which handle the myriad changes that developers make as they write software , said George Kurtz , chief technology officer at anti-virus software maker McAfee Inc MFE.N .
The details from McAfee show how the breach of just a single PC at a large corporation can have widespread repercussions across the broader business .
Google said in January that it had detected a cyber attack originating from China on its corporate infrastructure that resulted in the theft of its intellectual property .
Google said more than 20 other companies had been infiltrated [ ID : nN12133127 ] , and cited the attack , as well as Chinese Web censorship practices , as reasons for the company to consider pulling out of China .
The Chinese government has said that Google ’s claim that it was attacked by hackers based in China was “ groundless . ”
Kurtz said on Wednesday that he believes that the hackers , who have not been apprehended , broke through the defenses of at least 30 companies , and perhaps as many as 100 .
He said the common link in several of the cases that McAfee reviewed is that the hackers used source code management software from privately held Perforce Software Inc , whose customers include Google and many other large corporations .
“ It is very easy to compromise the systems , ” Kurtz said .
Perforce President Christopher Seiwald said McAfee performed its analysis on a version of the Alameda , California - based company ’s software that had many of its security settings disabled .
Customers typically enable those settings , he said .
Kurtz said the hackers succeeded in stealing source code from several of their victims .
The attackers also had an opportunity to change the source code without the companies ’ knowledge , perhaps adding functions so the hackers could later secretly spy on computers running that software , Kurtz said .
But investigators have yet to uncover any evidence that suggests that they made such changes , he said .
McAfee , the world ’s No. 2 security software maker , has spent the past few months investigating the attacks .
It declined to identify its clients .
Other makers of source code management programs include International Business Machines Corp IBM.N , Microsoft Corp MSFT.O and privately held Serena Software Inc. ( Reporting by Jim Finkle ; Editing by Richard Chang )
In just a few hours the Oscar winners will be announced , including the award for the best movie of 2009 .
We take a look at the nominees in the Best Picture category to see which film would win if every download on BitTorrent counted as a vote .
Tonight , Hollywoods biggest stars will walk the red carpet into the Kodak Theater for the Academy Awards ceremony .
In anticipation of the glamorous Oscar night , we enter the dark side of the movie business to find out which of the 10 nominees in the Best Picture category gets the vote from BitTorrent users .
NewTeeVee asked us to rank the nominees by number of downloads and the results are finally in .
If every download on BitTorrent counted as a vote , District 9 would be crowned the winner , closely followed by Avatar .
The least popular films according to the BitTorrent public are The Blind Side with 1,845,000 downloads and An Education with ‘ only ’ 683,000 downloads .
We have to note that comparing the downloads of each of the nominees is not really fair since some films have been available online for more than a year already , while others only leaked a few weeks ago .
Avatar , which is second in the list with 11,326,000 downloads , became available in DVD - quality a month ago , while District 9 was already widely available last September .
As usual , all the nominated films are available online in various formats .
For District 9 2,948 unique torrent files were counted , but the majority of these are inactive or have very few downloaders .
Avatar beats District 9 in terms of availability with 4,280 torrent files .
The data for this list is collected by TorrentFreak from several sources , including reports from all the large BitTorrent trackers .
All release formats , including cammed versions , are counted .
Afterwards , the data was carefully checked and possible inaccuracies were systematically corrected .
Earthquake exposes social chasm in Chile
By Rafael Azul
8 March 2010
Anger is mounting in Chile over the inadequacy and indifference that have characterized the government ’s response to the earthquake of February 27 .
Last Friday ’s Wall Street Journal quoted Chilean sociologist Lucia Dammert , who said Chile was experiencing " a social earthquake " that had revealed “ a fractured country , socially divided with a population that feels excluded … ”
Concepción , with more than half a million inhabitants , the second largest city in Chile , continues to be occupied by over 14,000 troops .
On March 2 , the state of siege imposed on Concepción and other cities was extended to two additional coastal towns , Curicó and Talca .
On March 6 , an 18 - hour curfew in Concepción was lowered to 13 hours .
While much is being made by the Chilean media of the “ recovery ” of looted items in Concepción and other cities by troops and police , the speed with which the government sent troops to occupy Concepción contrasts with the repeated delays in sending material aid .
In the face of widespread discontent , the massive use of troops in conjunction with a hysterical media campaign against “ looters ” was aimed at suppressing social unrest and polarizing public opinion against the very victims of the earthquake .
The social fault lines exposed by the earthquake have been deepened by decades of “ free market ” policies , first introduced by the Pinochet dictatorship and continued by subsequent regimes , which have exacerbated the chasm separating Chile ’s elite from the majority of the population .
Notwithstanding the talk in the US media of rigorous building codes , regulations designed to protect against earthquakes were enforced selectively and on a class basis , i.e. , for the homes and businesses of the wealthy , not for the dwellings and neighborhoods of the working class and the poor .
The shoddily built homes of the poor collapsed or were washed out to sea , while those of the rich withstood the impact of the quake .
The final death toll will likely exceed 1,000 .
There are as of yet no accurate estimates of the number of missing and wounded .
In addition to the 500,000 homes that were destroyed outright , another million may need to be demolished .
Several million people have been affected .
The slow response by the administration of outgoing President Michelle Bachelet to the humanitarian and health crisis will undoubtedly result in unnecessary deaths and health problems , particularly in the coastal towns , which are home to some of the poorest people in Chile and , for that reason , were particularly ill - prepared for the disaster .
Government health authorities have ruled out a dysentery epidemic in the coastal towns .
However , diarrhea is on the rise because of a lack of potable water , and there is an increasing danger of infection as a result of injuries caused to people wading through the flooded areas and digging through the rubble of buildings .
" We are going to keep needing water , electric systems , a functioning sewage system ....
We need chemical toilets , and when it starts raining , people living in tents are going to get wet and sick .
All this is going to cause infections , " said Talcahuano Mayor Gaston Saavedra , whose port city was heavily damaged by the quake and tsunami .
Pharmacies have run out of medicines required for the treatment of chronic diseases such as diabetes , hypertension and psychological illnesses .
" I have n't taken my medicine for two or three days .
I really should take it every day , " said Miguel Hidalgo , a retired truck driver with chronic high blood pressure who was told that there was one package left of a drug he needs to keep his kidneys working .
Thirty - six hospitals were destroyed by the quake .
Field hospitals have been set up , but they are not yet taking patients .
A poll taken on Sunday by the Santiago daily el Mercurio revealed growing anger among the population .
Sixty percent of Chileans were critical of the government ’s response .
Sixty - six percent blame construction companies for shoddy building practices .
Despite an intensive media campaign to demonize so - called “ looters , ” 26 percent of the respondents thought they were justified , given the circumstances .
Throughout the week the capitalist media , inside and outside Chile , gave exaggerated accounts of looting and vandalism , condemning in most cases the acts of desperate and hungry working class families .
Yet for over 30 years they have had nothing to say of the looting of the national wealth by transnational mining companies .
According to a recent report in El Ciudadano , the take from the exploitation of Chile ’s copper added up to over $ 70 billion , more than twice what it would take to restore Chile to its pre-earthquake state .
That looting had its source in the privatization of most of the nationalized mines under Pinochet , and was facilitated by successive Christian Democratic - Socialist Party regimes under the Concertación Coalition , including that of President Bachelet .
Only a small minority of the population benefited from the privatizations and other neo-liberal policies , while the majority saw their living standards lag behind .
From the beginning of her term in 2006 , Bachelet had faced increasing class tensions , beginning with massive student protests and strikes by teachers demanding free transportation and defending the right to education .
These were followed by strikes by health professionals and copper miners .
The disaffection of these and other layers of the population resulted in the electoral loss last December of the Concertación parties and the victory of the right - wing candidate , Sebastián Piñera , one of the wealthiest men in Latin America .
He takes office on Thursday , having pledged to extend the free market policies of privatization and deregulation .
Piñera was the candidate of the Chilean Alliance , a coalition of two right - wing parties — Piñera ’s National Renewal ( Renovación Nacional ) and the Independent Democratic Union ( Unión Democrática Nacional ) the political heir to the Pinochet dictatorship .
So , coming back to the field of screams , the chamber of dipshits , I have to say , the atmosphere has certainly picked up .
Last time I came in for a coffee the only sound was the soft shuffle of herds of wonks heading to the stationery cupboards to talk to corporate headhunters .
The head of European policy was emailing Pret about their management training program .
Most of the strategy unit were occupied with putting government property on eBay , and the foreign policy team were writing sexual slurs about Samantha Cameron on the undersides of their desks in permanent marker .
Now it 's a hive of activity .
There 's a sense of hope .
Your lads are handing round wedges of polling data like they 're porno mags on an 80s school trip to the Sellafield visitor 's centre .
Someone 's plugged a Glade air freshener in , and to be honest it makes me want to hurl .
It 's morning in America .
But as I see it there are two big hairy problem teenagers locked in the cellar threatening to break out :
1 . Your people have no single fucking clue what in the wide wide world of field hockey is going on with the British electorate or why .
They know the Tories are dipping .
But ask them why , and they smile a First - in - PPE - at - Arsepipe - College smile and say that " maybe it turns out people like a bully ? " .
Bollocks .
If people liked a bully I 'd be drowning in Moët and John Lewis vouchers and sex texts .
I am not .
I do n't know what 's going on either , but I tell you what , we need more of a strategy than to say , " Ooo , winter 's over in Narnia , let 's watch the crocuses push up , and the rabbits hump and we can relax and put up our World Cup wallcharts . "
2 . We are still losing .
We are not winning .
I do n't think I can stress this enough .
No poll puts us ahead .
None .
I suggest you shout that in the face of every little policy wang who bounces into the war room looking perky .
When we 're seven points ahead , that 's when we start smiling and breaking out the baby oil and Curly Wurlys .
Now , as we know , the various polling organisations use different methodology .
Mori and Populus phone people , YouGov use an internet panel , and I believe some of the cheaper outfits prefer throwing a spanner in the street and then getting the lunk it takes out to put his finger on one of three colours when he wakes up in casualty .
As you know , I prefer to conduct my own polling by the means of ripping chickens apart , and reading the tea leaves I have force - fed them .
And what this is telling me is that however well we think we 're doing , we are currently located midway up shit creek , in the vicinity of the hamlet of Nofuckingpaddles .
So what do we do ?
In my view , as DC gets ready to roll out SamCam in a bid to appear not to be the lardy - cheeked plum sucker the entire nation instinctively knows he is , the big angle we need to hit this week is : TORY NUTTERS !
We 've got a clear story to tell on this .
They 're in bed with the Ulster Unionists .
And I think this is a good week to not unfairly characterise these guys as beardy weirdy , bollocks - in - the - mangle old - time - religion , one - step - from - Waco fruitcakes .
Then we have the Young Britons ' Foundation .
As we know , the links between these bright young blitzkriegers and Conservative Future are stronger than the bond between Charlie Clarke and his takeaway menu .
We need to push this .
Any hint of the old " hang Mandela " T - shirt vibe would be great for us , so you want the research team not leaving their desks , fed moulinexed Diet Coke and Subway sandwiches through intravenous tubes till they hit pay dirt .
Anything will do .
Feed it all in – even Young Tories voicing reservations about the narrative structure of the third act of Invictus .
It can all hurt .
Finally there is Ashcroft .
Here the line is simple .
Ashcroft .
Millionaire .
Belize .
In the public 's mind we want them to be thinking : Bond villain who 's made his money out of sex chatlines and child - labour landmines .
Bish bash bosh .
Until next week .
Regards .
Malcolm .
High Society Trailer - Real Look .
Series Premiere Wednesday , March 10 on the CW network is the subject of controversy .
The show is about rich people doing and saying whatever they want .
The trailer below shows how racist language like the N word is condoned , and how transphobic insults such as " tranny " are aired .
Please tell the CW Network that racist and transphobic language does not belong on the airwaves and that the women using it must be educated as to why it is wrong .
cwtv.com/feedback/comments
H/T to Planetransgender .
Movies , short for moving pictures , have been around for more than a century .
Movies work because of persistence of vision , the fact that a human eye retains an image for about one - twentieth of a second after seeing it .
In the early 19th century , several devices began to appear that used persistence of vision to create the illusion of motion from still images .
The zoetrope , invented by William George Horner in 1834 , consisted of a series of pictures on a paper strip arranged on the inside of a revolving drum .
The drum had small slits you could look through to see the pictures .
In the case of a particular sort of zoetrope called the praxinoscope , there was a mirrored drum in the middle , so that you could see the pictures by looking through the top of the device .
The pictures on the drum changed slightly from one to the next .
By spinning the drum , you could make the pictures move fast enough to fool your eye into thinking it was looking at one moving picture .
These pictures were typically of some repetitious movement , such as a person walking or dancing , because this movement could be looped easily .
In a looped strip of images , the last picture in the series would almost match up to the first one , so that the images would create a single cycle of the simulated movement , which could be infinitely repeated to produce the illusion of continuing movement .
Advertisement
Advertisement
" "
" "
The earliest film projectors , such as the magic lantern , actually showed up in the late 1600s , but they presented only still images .
Some of the earliest projectors to show moving images were simply modified zoetropes .
Creative entrepreneurs used translucent strips on the drum and placed a light source , usually a lantern , in the middle of the box .
They would then project the image through a small hole , or aperture , onto a blank wall or piece of stretched white cloth .
Obviously , these devices were very limited .
They were operated by hand and were used the same type of looping animation or photos as the original zoetrope .
" " Pictures line the inside of the drum of a zoetrope .
Everything changed with the invention of Thomas Edison 's kinetoscope in 1891 .
The kinetoscope used a motor to revolve a strip of film in front of a light source .
The light source projected the image from the film on a screen in a booth .
As it became obvious that people were willing to pay money for this type of entertainment , many inventors began to design variations of Edison 's original device .
One such variation , the manually operated kinora , was invented by the Lumiere brothers and enjoyed great success into the 1930s .
The Lumiere brothers , Louis and Auguste , created the astounding cinematographe in 1895 .
This portable device was a camera , film processing lab and projector all in one package !
The brothers traveled the French countryside shooting films that lasted a few minutes at most .
They then processed and projected the film on location !
The next year , the vitascope ( which was another variation of the kinetoscope ) heralded the dawn of a new age of entertainment .
The vitascope worked like a basic kinetoscope with one essential difference :
The image was projected onto a large screen in a room instead of a small one in a booth .
Thus began the road to the development of the first theater , the Nickelodeon in Pittsburgh , PA .
" "
" "
" "
Throughout the 20th century , movies and projectors grew in complexity .
Engineers outfitted projectors with sprockets and spools to make it easier to move the film rapidly in front of the light source .
Movies went from a few minutes in length to an hour or more , and by the late 1920s , movie - goers were enjoying " talkies , " films that included a soundtrack .
The first color movies appeared in the 1930s , and the 1940s and 1950s saw the development of several new processes and screen formats .
The platter , which revolutionized the industry , debuted in the 1960s .
Automation began to take hold in the 1970s and 1980s , and the 1990s saw the advent of digital sound and the growth of LCD technology .
Still , although modern projectors are brighter , faster and more functional than their predecessors , and manufacturers have added many bells and whistles over the years , the essence of the projector has remained the same since the beginning of the 20th century .
Although digital projectors are now springing up in select theaters , the movie - theater industry is still overwhelmingly analog .
This is simply a matter of practical consideration .
Most theaters have spare parts and local technicians who can service an analog projector easily .
Repairing a digital projector , on the other hand , often requires flying in a specialized technician in addition to buying replacement parts .
Digital projectors use LCDs to create the image instead of film .
At first , this sounds great -- no more scratches or spots !
But LCD projectors do have a major drawback :
If the LCD has a bad pixel or two ( which happens quite often ) , that blemish will appear throughout every movie shown on that projector .
With film , once you replace the scratched film or go to another movie , you lose all the picture blemishes .
For more information on movie projectors and related topics , check out the links on the next page !
Written : March 15 , 2004 .
This general essay was solicited by the editor Tim Gowers .
It is based on my Nov. 14 , 2003 Virginia Tech Colloquium Talk .
Added March 25 , 2005 : Here is the much better edited vresion , produced by the skilled editing hands of Tim Gowers and Sam Clark .
Doron Zeilberger 's List of Papers
Doron Zeilberger 's Home Page
Valve Hires DigiPen Team ; Seemingly for Portal 2
When contacted in regards to the team , Doug Lombardi , vice president of marketing at Valve , shared the following with us .
I can confirm that the Tag dev team are employed at Valve .
But that 's about all I can say right now .
The possibility of an acquisition arose over the weekend , as Shack community member Masem was discussing Portal 2 details from the latest issue of Game Informer .
The article made reference to , in Masem 's words , " using special paint that gives unique physical properties to surfaces ( eg rocket jumping , speed bursts , etc ) " .
On the DigiPen site , Tag : The Power of Paint is described as such :
Tag delivers an innovative approach to multiple genres - platformer , puzzle , and first - person shooter - by allowing the player to manipulate the physical attributes of the game 's environment using different colors of paint .
Hiring a team from the educational institution for their gameplay concepts is n't outside of the realm of possibility for Valve Software .
In fact , it was the exact same thing that happened to the developers of Narbacular Drop , the DigiPen game created by Kim Swift and her team , which would eventually become what we now know as Portal .
Prior to Valve 's direct confirmation , Masem did some investigating of his own and found " two of the four main students on the project and they claim Valve employment . "
Excellent work , Masem !
Portal 2 was officially announced last week and today confirmed for fall release on PC , Xbox 360 , and ( for the first time in Valve 's history ) Mac .
TOMS RIVER -- A Toms River man died today of severe burns after accidentally igniting spilled vodka with a dropped cigarette .
Paul MacClymont , 40 , sustained the third - degree burns over his entire body late Thursday night but did not call 911 until some six hours later , said Toms River Police Chief Michael Mastronardy .
Police went to MacClymont ’s Waters Edge Drive home shortly after 4:30 a.m. today , the chief said .
After forcing their way into the house , officers Andrew Chencharik and Ryan Quinn found MacClymont lying on the floor with third - degree burns over his entire body , Mastronardy said .
He said MacClymont told the officers he dropped a lit cigarette in his lap on which he had spilled vodka .
After rolling on the floor , MacClymont passed out before waking up six hours later and calling 911 , Mastronardy said .
MacClymont was rushed to Jersey Shore University Medical Center in Neptune where he died hours later of his injuries , said Toms River Detective James Magovern .
A GUIDE TO STAND UP PADDLE BOARDING
It is here to stay , find out why its the fastest growing water sport in the world , you ’ll be glad you did .
QUESTIONS ABOUT PADDLE BOARDING
It ’s said that surfing is among the most core body workouts someone can get .
The main reason why paddle surfing is getting popular is its exercise aspect .
Well , it appears this sport will soon must get rid of both of these titles .
Feel the swell beneath your board allow it to take you where it wants to .
Paddle boards are offered in a range of sizes and it is necessary to choose one to fit your requirements .
They come in a variety of sizes depending on your preference as well as experience level .
You require various types of boards if you ’re going surfing on waves or covering a very long distance .
You ’re able to paddle board just about anywhere , provided that there ’s a body of plain water .
After you put money into a board , it turns into a low - cost activity for the entire family .
If you ’re trying to find a board that is n’t heavy , you might try out using a soft paddle board .
Selecting the right board may earn a difference in how much it is possible to relish your boarding .
You might rather obtain a used board over purchasing a new one in the event the price is reasonable .
You can get a used paddle boards for a far lower price than brand - new ones .
I like to refer to SUP paddle boardsreviews when I am considering a purchase .
Paddle boarding is n’t hard to learn .
It is a great exercise .
It has become a popular sport for many people to partake n and more and more people see the benefits of renting them on the island .
Lots of people are searching to take pleasure in the popular paddle boarding sport .
Several of the exact paddling and navigation techniques utilized in paddle boarding are also utilized in long boarding .
Kayaking is a safe , fun , outdoor activity the whole family can take part in with minimal risk at a very low price tag .
It is a great way to explore the natural scenery in places like Fort DeSoto .
Snorkeling is another among those incredible underwater activities you are able to do at any age .
WHERE TO FIND DEALS ON BOARDS
If you search online you will find an array of choices and options .
How are you to know what is best and who is telling the truth about what they are selling ?
My first take is to go to a site that is a review site and not the actual company itself .
One site I found to buy boards online is : http://www.supboardsreview.com/stand-up-paddle-boards-for-sale/ .
They seem to have a wide selection and try all their gear out .
They seem to be honest because they do n’t always give great reviews on gear , so that tells me that they are n’t just trying to push product .
Other than that , I would definitely browse amazon ( there is probably an add on the side here >>>> just saying if you want to share some love ) .
You can never go wrong with amazon mainly because of their return policy .
They really protect you and your interest .
If you have any other suggestions , please feel free to share them below or maybe even paddle boarding experiences that you have .
The World Health Organisation and other public health bodies have " gambled away " public confidence by overstating the dangers of the flu pandemic , according to a draft report to the Council of Europe .
The report , by the Labour MP Paul Flynn , vice chair of the council 's health committee , says that a loss of credibility could endanger lives .
" This decline in confidence could be risky in the future , " says the report , seen by the Guardian .
" When the next pandemic arises many persons may not give full credibility to recommendations put forward by WHO and other bodies .
They may refuse to be vaccinated and may put their own health and lives at risk . "
In Britain , says Flynn , the discrepancy between the estimate of the numbers of people who would die from flu and the reality was dramatic .
" In the United Kingdom , the Department of Health initially announced that around 65,000 deaths were to be expected .
In the meantime , by the start of 2010 , this estimate was downgraded to only 1,000 fatalities .
By January 2010 , fewer than 5,000 persons had been registered as having caught the disease and about 360 deaths had been noted , " says his report .
The public health minister , Gillian Merron , told Flynn in a meeting for the report that a Cabinet Office investigation was looking into Britain 's handling of the outbreak and would report some time after June .
Countries across Europe reacted very differently to the pandemic , says the report .
Not all mounted high - profile vaccination campaigns , as did the UK .
Flynn 's draft accuses the WHO of a lack of transparency .
Some members of its advisory groups are flu experts who have also received funding , especially for research projects , from pharmaceutical companies making drugs and vaccines against flu .
" The neutrality of their advice could be contested , " says the report .
" To date , WHO has failed to provide convincing evidence to counter these allegations and the organisation has not published the relevant declarations of interest .
Taking such a reserved position , the organisation has joined other bodies , such as the European Medicines Agency , which likewise , have still not published such documents . "
Flynn 's report was commissioned by the Council of Europe 's parliamentary assembly , which is holding an inquiry into the handling by European bodies and governments of the flu pandemic .
The second evidence session will be held in Paris tomorrow .
The witnesses will include the Polish health minister , Ewa Kopacz , who will explain why her government decided not to order any H1N1 vaccines .
At the first evidence session , in January , some experts criticised the dramatic comparisons made last year between the novel strain of H1N1 circulating in Europe and the devastating Spanish flu pandemic of 1918 .
Professor Ulrich Keil , epidemiologist and director of the WHO collaborating centre on epidemiology of the University of Münster in Germany pointed out in evidence that the Spanish flu broke out in the very different circumstances of the first world war , where infections were easily transmitted by undernourished soldiers and there was an absence of medicines such as penicillin .
One of the central questions of the Council of Europe inquiry , says Flynn , " concerns the possibility for representatives of the pharmaceutical industry to directly influence public decisions taken with regard to the H1N1 influenza , and the question of whether some of their statements had been adopted as public health recommendations without being based on sufficient scientific evidence " .
He cites as an example the decision to recommend two doses of flu vaccine for children , which was later questioned .
" Various factors have led to the suspicion that there may have been undue influence by the pharmaceutical industry , notably the possibility of conflicts of interest of experts represented in WHO advisory groups , the early stage of preparing contractual arrangements between member states and pharmaceutical companies as well as the actual profits that companies were able to realise as a result of the influenza pandemic , " says the draft report , which will be finalised when all the evidence has been taken , at the end of April .
The complicated and rapidly changing healthcare reform math moved again Friday with the news that Rep. Eric Massa ( D - N.Y. ) is leaving his seat within days .
With Massa gone , the House will have 431 members , meaning a majority is just 216 not the 218 usually required .
Because Massa opposed the House - passed healthcare reform bill and had n't given any hints that he would change his vote when the final version comes up in the next few weeks , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) could have caught a break .
However , Democrats could have persuaded the retiring Massa to vote yes .
Massa wo n't be in the House for the big vote , which is expected in mid-March .
Pelosi needs to convert some " no " votes to " yes " because Rep. Bart Stupak ( Mich . ) and other anti-abortion rights Democrats who supported the House bill are expected to vote no later this month .
Regardless , Massa 's exit changes the denominator .
For two days this week , the goal had gone down to 216 because Rep. Nathan Deal ( R - Ga. ) , who is running for governor , said he was resigning .
But Deal quickly reversed his decision , citing his desire to help kill the healthcare bill and raising the threshold back to 217 .
Massa , who is leaving Congress amid an ethics investigation into allegations of sexual harassment , changed it back .
This post was updated on March 6 at 11:01 a.m .
Ryan McVay / Getty Images
What ’s the worst thing you can say to the nurse in an emergency room ?
This and other questions are answered in an informal survey of doctors , nurses and paramedics , who offer their own insights into the inner workings of hospital emergency rooms .
Every year , the nation ’s emergency rooms treat 117 million patients , and the average patient spends nearly three hours in the E.R .
But what really goes on behind the scenes ?
The magazine Reader ’s Digest quizzed emergency health workers about the quirks and peeves of the E.R .
Here is some of what they had to say .
“ The busiest time starts around 6 p.m. ; Mondays are the worst .
We ’re slowest from 3 a.m. to 9 a.m .
If you have a choice , come early in the morning . ”
Denise King , R.N. , Riverside , Calif .
“ People who are vomiting their guts out get a room more quickly .
The admitting clerks do n’t like vomit in the waiting area . ”
Joan Somes , R.N. , St. Paul , Minn .
“ Never tell an E.R. nurse , ‘ All I have is this cut on my finger .
Why ca n’t someone just look at it ? ’
That just shows you have no idea how the E.R. actually works . ”
Dana Hawkins , R.N. , Tulsa , Okla .
“ Do n’t blame E.R. overcrowding on the uninsured .
They account for 17 percent of visits .
The underlying problem is hospital overcrowding in general . ”
Leora Horwitz , M.D. , assistant professor , Yale University School of Medicine , New Haven , Conn .
“ Never , ever lie to your E.R. nurse .
Their B.S. detectors are excellent , and you lose all credibility when you lie . ”
Allen Roberts , M.D. “ We hear all kinds of weird stuff .
I had a woman who came in at 3 a.m. and said she ’d passed out while she was asleep . ”
Emergency physician , suburban Northeast “ Your complaints about your prior doctor will not endear you to us .
The more you say , the less we want to deal with you . ”
Allen Roberts , M.D.
To hear all 50 insights from the emergency room , read both articles from Reader ’s Digest , “ 15 Secrets the E.R. Staff Wo n’t Tell You , ” and “ 35 More Secrets the E.R. Staff Wo n’t Tell You . ”
And then please join the discussion below .
The magnitude of these effects has been the subject of a vast amount of econometric investigation .
The variable most studied is the degree to which unemployment duration increases for a given change in the maximum available duration of jobless benefits .
Most estimates of this elasticity have centered on a finding that an increase of one week in the availability of benefits raises the average duration of unemployment by 0.2 week .
Taking an assumed national average of an additional 47 weeks of unemployment insurance payments to jobless workers , the report continues :
Based on the widely accepted 0.2 estimate of the responsiveness of average duration to the length of benefit availability , the 47 extra weeks of benefits could be expected to increase average unemployment spells by 9.4 weeks .
Since only about half of the unemployed are eligible to receive unemployment benefits ( the other half generally have not met the requirements for sufficient prior employment or lost their jobs through layoffs ) , the total average unemployment duration would be expected to increase by 4.7 weeks .
Got that ?
The report goes on , then , to extrapolate that the increased duration of unemployment they assert is caused by extended unemployment insurance is itself the cause of a 30 % increase in the unemployment rate :
— this would imply a 30 % increase in the unemployment rate .
Starting from an unemployment rate before the recession of roughly 5 % , this means that increased benefits can account for 1.5 % - pt of the subsequent increase in the unemployment rate .
Never mind that mass joblessness and record rates of long - term unemployment both preceded the extension of additional jobless benefits .
This kind of cockamamie pseudo - science would just be laughable if it were n't a potentially dangerous threat to the survival of millions of unemployed Americans .
You can bet that bank lobbyists and their conservative cronies are circulating this report and others like it to gin up opposition to extending unemployment benefits .
And this from JPMorgan Chase , the firm that helped bring down Lehman Brothers , helped precipitate the Great Recession resulting in millions of Americans losing their jobs , and whose CEO Jamie Dimon meanwhile took home a $ 17.6 million compensation package last year .
Reading this JPMorgan Chase report reminded me of a wonderful little book that my 7th grade math teacher distributed to the class .
By a terrific writer Darrell Huff , it 's titled How to Lie with Statistics and was first published by Norton in 1954 .
Still available in print , the book introduced me to the notion that correlation does not imply causation -- meaning that just because two things occur together it does n't imply that one causes the other .
But , alas , that appears to be beyond the grasp of the genius economic minds at JPMorgan Chase .
By Richard Galpin
BBC News , Kiev
The people of Ukraine are now waiting to hear from Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko herself .
Mrs Tymoshenko was one of the victors of the Orange Revolution
There have been reports that her party will contest some of the country 's presidential election results in court .
But will she also pursue her political ambitions on the streets ?
She cancelled public appearances on Monday and is expected to speak for the first time on Tuesday .
It is not often that the woman with the famous golden braid , whose glamour permeated the Orange Revolution five years ago , retreats into the shadows and maintains a strict silence .
But this is a moment of truth for her and she has a tough set of options .
' People 's verdict '
Her chance to reach the pinnacle of power has been thwarted by a foe who has risen from the dead , Viktor Yanukovych .
There could not be a greater irony for those involved in the Orange Revolution which swept aside Mr Yanukovych in 2004 after he almost came to power in a fraudulent election .
WHY UKRAINE MATTERS Russian Black Sea fleet based in Sevastopol , Crimea Most Europe - bound Russian gas piped through Ukraine Large ethnic Russian and Russian - speaking minority in Crimea and industrialised east Strong nationalist , pro-Western sentiment in west Aspirations for EU and Nato membership , though latter strongly opposed by Russia
Why the future was not Orange Ukraine election result : Voters react
But the odds are now stacked against Mrs Tymoshenko .
Not only has the Election Commission confirmed Mr Yanukovych 's victory , she is also being chided by the international community .
At a news conference in Kiev on Monday , a team of election observers from the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe was blunt in its assessment of Ukraine 's post-election landscape .
" Yesterday 's vote was an impressive display of democratic elections .
For everyone in Ukraine , this election was a victory , " said Joao Soares , the team co-ordinator .
" It is now time for the country 's political leaders to listen to the people 's verdict and make sure that the transition of power is peaceful and constructive . "
Those few sentences alone may have been enough to cut the ground from underneath Mrs Tymoshenko's feet .
Challenging the election result in the courts or on the street without the cover of credible allegations of fraud would be a tough sell even to her own supporters .
' Victory ' rally
So what will she decide to do ?
Will she still try to leave her mark through Orange Revolution - style street protests ?
There are very few who believe she could muster serious number of protesters to back her cause .
And she is under pressure to make a decision sooner rather than later .
Mr Yanukovych 's supporters have been rallying in the capital , Kiev Mr Yanukovych 's supporters are now arriving in the capital , Kiev , partly to celebrate his victory .
But the choice of venue is no coincidence .
They are gathering in front of the Central Election Commission because they are also protesting about the failure of Mrs Tymoshenko to accept her defeat and resign as prime minister .
Mr Yanukovych 's Party of Regions has openly said it is prepared to " defend his victory " .
So the longer Mrs Tymoshenko leaves her plans unspoken , the higher political tensions here will rise .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The EGit / JGit teams are happy to announce the EGit and JGit 0.7.1 release .
You can install it by pointing to this software repository in Eclipse :
This marks the first official release of EGit and JGit at Eclipse.org and a big step towards Git at Eclipse .
This release was mostly focused on the move to Eclipse.org and infrastructure related items .
It ’s important to note that this release is still an incubation release .
I do n’t want to be cliche , but Rome was n’t built in a day .
It ’s especially hard that people have been spoiled by the quality of the CVS tooling at Eclipse .
On the whole , we are rapidly working on improving JGit and the tooling but require community feedback to make it happen .
The workflows are n’t perfect yet but the tooling works well in many cases .
So now that you understand a bit , how can you help ?
You can file bugs when you hit issues
You can file enhancements
Check out our Gerrit instance if you want to push any patches to the EGit / JGit teams
Want to contribute ?
Check out our extensive contributor guide and mailing list
Want to improve the documentation ?
It ’s all on the wiki , you can contribute without being a committer !
The goal is to have 0.8.0 go out just before the Eclipse Helios release ( June 2010 ) .
We plan on adding a Git Repositories view , further expanding http support and cleaning up the user interface .
With the help from the community , I expect great things by the Helios release .
On top of that , we expect to have one or two Google Summer of Code ( GSOC ) students working on improvements .
For now , put your beta testing hats on and explore what EGit and JGit has to offer .
We thrive on community feedback and involvement .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Enlarge FDA
Hydrolized vegetable protein , which is used in a very wide array of products , is facing a recall for salmonella .
Fifty - six entries are on the FDA recall list , including products from Trader Joe's , Johnny 's Fine Foods , Great Value , Follow Your Heart , Oak Lake Farms , Hawaiian , Homemade Gourmet , T. Marzetti and Castella .
RECALLED PRODUCTS RECALLED PRODUCTS
More than 50 food products including soups , dips and salad dressings were caught up in a large recall of a flavor - enhancing ingredient possibly contaminated with salmonella this week , including : T. MARZETTI VEGGIE DIPS DETAILS : T. Marzetti Co. of Columbus , Ohio , is recalling select flavors and production codes of T. Marzetti veggie dips , Oak Lake chip dips and Great Value chip dips .
The recalled dips were sold in various parts of the United States , depending on the brand and flavor .
Some were also sold in Canada .
WHY : The dips are being recalled because they could be contaminated with salmonella , an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people , and others with weakened immune systems .
FOR MORE : Call 800-427-0147 ; visit http://www.marzetti.com
CASTELLA IMPORTS CHICKEN BASE DETAILS : Castella Imports , of Hauppauge , N.Y. , is recalling certain lots of Castella chicken base , which is used to make chicken soup .
The recalled chicken base was sold in 1 - pound jars at retail stores nationwide .
WHY : It could be contaminated with salmonella , an organism that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children and others with weakened immune systems .
FOR MORE : Call 631-231-5500 .
TIM'S CASCADE SNACKS DETAILS : Tim's Cascade Snacks , of Algona , Wash. , is recalling certain code dates of two products : Hawaiian Kettle Style Potato Chips in Sweet Maui Onion flavor as well as Hawaiian Sweet Maui Onion Rings .
They were distributed nationwide and in Canada through retail stores , distributors , direct delivery and Internet sales .
They were sold as individual bags and as components of packs , including variety packs .
WHY : They could be contaminated with salmonella , an organism that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children and others with weakened immune systems .
FOR MORE : Call 888-299-7646 .
HOMEMEAD GOURMET TORTILLA SOUP MIX DETAILS : Homemade Gourmet , of Canton , Texas , is recalling 1.96 - ounce tortilla soup mix sold nationwide through mail order and independent consultant sales .
All known buyers of the soup have been contacted about the recall .
WHY : It could be contaminated with salmonella , an organism that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children and others with weakened immune systems .
HOW MANY : About 320 packages FOR MORE : Call 888-477-2848 .
RESER'S FINE FOODS CHIP DIPS , DRESSING , POTATO SALAD DETAILS : Reser 's Fine Foods Inc. , of Beaverton , Ore. , is recalling certain chip dips , dressing and potato salad products sold to distributors and retailers nationwide , including Wal - Mart and Safeway .
WHY : They might be contaminated with salmonella , an organism that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children and others with weakened immune systems .
FOR MORE : Call 888-230-0062 .
EARTH ISLAND FOLLOW YOUR HEART PRODUCTS DETAILS : Earth Island , of Chatsworth , Calif. , is recalling certain Follow Your Heart brand products .
The recall includes Follow Your Heart salad dressings sold in grocery and health food stores nationwide , and Follow Your Heart deli products sold at grocery and health food stores in the Southern California region .
WHY : They might be contaminated with salmonella , an organism that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children and others with weakened immune systems .
FOR MORE : Call 818-725-2820 .
CULINARY CIRCLE , ALBERTSONS , JEWELL DIPS DETAILS : Supervalu Inc. has recalled several dips produced by Orval Kent .
The Culinary Circle brand pesto ranch , cucumber dill and spinach dip were made by Orval Kent , a food manufacturer out of Wheeling , Ill. , and sold in Supervalu 's stores nationwide .
The recall also includes Albertsons brand spinach dip sold only in California and Nevada and Jewel brand spinach dip sold only in Iowa , Illinois and Indiana .
WHY : They contain an ingredient from Basic Food Flavors Inc. in Las Vegas , which is recalling its products due to possible salmonella contamination .
Salmonella is an organism that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people and others with weakened immune systems .
FOR MORE : http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/HVPCP
* No illnesses or injuries have been reported for any of these products
An unfolding recall of products containing a commonly used food - flavoring ingredient because of potential contamination with salmonella could ripple through the entire food industry , experts said .
The risk to consumers probably is low , but the recall could encompass a large number of products , Jeffrey Farrar , Food and Drug Administration associate commissioner for food protection , said in a briefing Thursday .
" We do suspect the amount of products is going to increase over the next several days or weeks . "
An FDA statement says the affected products include soups , sauces , chilis , stews , hot dogs , gravies , seasoned snack foods , dips and dressings .
The FDA has posted a list of recalled foods at foodsafety .
gov .
ON THE WEB : List of 56 recalled products from FDA.gov FOOD SAFETY : USDA vet says unsafe slaughterhouse practices were n't reported IN USA : Food - borne illnesses cost $ 152B a year
The flavoring is hydrolyzed vegetable protein , or HVP , made by a small number of companies .
The HVP involved in the recall was made by Basic Food Flavors of North Las Vegas , Nev . " It 's widely used .
It 's a fairly inexpensive flavor enhancer , " said Don Schaffner , a professor of microbiology and food safety expert at Rutgers University .
He has been consulting with companies all week about how to deal with the recall .
The recall would be much wider were it not for the fact that many products containing HVP are cooked before being sold .
Under FDA 's safety guidelines , companies that used the product but can document a valid " kill step " wo n't need to recall their foods .
Though Basic Food 's HVP was probably used in 10,000 products , many will be covered by the kill step , so " we do n't know what percentage ... will be involved in the recall , " Farrar said .
Tests show that the HVP was contaminated with the salmonella tennessee bacteria , which can cause short - term symptoms such as high fever , severe headache , vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea .
It can cause sometimes - deadly infections , especially in children , seniors and people with weakened immune systems .
The recall covers foods manufactured since Sept. 17 , 2009 ; no illnesses have been linked to the strain found in the products , Farrar said .
HVP , made from proteins in grains or soybeans , adds a meaty , savory taste to foods .
It 's chemically similar to monosodium glutamate .
Earth Island , a Chatsworth , Calif. , company that is recalling ranch dressing and vegetarian entrees , required letters of guarantee verifying that the HVP it was buying was safe as well as certificates of analysis showing that periodic biological testing of the product had been done , quality assurance manager Sheena Bliss said .
The recall is a huge expense for her company .
" Even though we did everything that we could to make our products as safe as possible , obviously the supplier was n't , " she said .
Calls to Basic
Food for comment were not immediately returned .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Sebelius to insurers : Make my day
The health - care story of the day is that insurers think they 've found a way to get around getting around Congress 's intent to ban preexisting condition discrimination for children .
Details here .
This afternoon , Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius sent a letter ( pdf ) to Karen Ignagni , head of the insurers trade association , saying , essentially , are you sure you want to try this ?
In the letter , Sebelius says that she will issue regulations clarifying that the law says children cannot be denied access to their parents ' plan and that the plan cannot exclude coverage for their preexisting conditions .
" I urge you to share this information with your members , " Sebelius says , " and to help ensure they cease any attempt to deny coverage to some of the youngest and most vulnerable Americans . "
The politics -- and policy -- of this fight will be interesting .
For the Republicans , this is a good issue in that it makes the bill look shoddily written .
" If they ca n’t get these two things right , " Sen .
Mitch McConnell asked in his weekly radio address , " how can we expect them to properly manage the rest of it ? "
Oddly , this is also a good issue for the Democrats .
Why ?
Well , it lets them pick a fight with insurers who are trying to deny health - care coverage to sick little kids .
Ignagni might as well kick an endangered puppy - panda hybrid in the face .
On national television .
While rooting for Duke to win the NCAA tournament .
The losers here are actually the insurers .
As far as I can tell , their reading of the law is legitimate .
And they have a lot to lose from a fight with the administration .
It 's not obvious that Sebelius actually can change this with a stroke of her pen , but there are plenty of other things she can do with a stroke of her pen that will make the insurance industry 's life very , very difficult .
And since this policy actually is n't a very big deal -- fairly few kids are uninsured because their preexisting conditions are keeping them off their parents ' plan --
I 'd guess that the administration and the insurers reach some sort of accord on this .
Photo credit : Ricky Carioti / The Washington Post .
At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona we had the opportunity to talk to Albrecht Von der Recke COO of fonYou , a Spanish company that provides online telephony services .
fonYou ’s mission is to reinvent mobile telephony for the internet era , they have developed a service that allows you to have your phone on line .
The service allows you to manage your contacts and mobile information on line like if it were an email account ; it also allows you to record a specific message for your different contacts , so you can personalize your answering machine for when your mother , boss or friends call you .
They were awarded the Audience Award at Barcelona in the Mobile Premier Awards in Innovation , be sure to keep an eye on this young company that aims to be a world leading pioneer .
Opera 10.50 – самый быстрый браузер , который когда - либо выпускала компания .
Одними из главных его новшеств являются JavaScript движок Carakan и графическая библиотека Vega .
Для конечных пользователей это значит практически моментальную загрузку содержимого веб -сайтов .
Для того чтобы обеспечить сохранность частных данны х
Opera предусмотрела режим приватной работы в Интернете .
При активации этого режима следы пребывания пользователя в
Сети не сохраняются .
Приватным можно сделать не только все окно браузера , но и отдельные вкладки .
Пользователям ОС Windows 7 и Windows Vista доступны эффекты Aero Glass , которые поддерживае т Opera 10.50 , такими как Aero Peek и Jump Lists .
Теперь можно работать с
Экспресс - панелью быстрого доступа к любимым сайтам , а также с вкладками прямо из Панели задач операционной системы .
Кроме того , Opera 10.50 лучше поддерживает открытые стандарты HTML5 и CSS3 , позволяя веб-разработчикам создавать приложения , работающие на полностью открытых технологиях .
Финальная версия Opera 10.50 в настоящее время предлагается только для ОС Windows на 42 языках .
Версии Opera 10.50 для Mac и Linux будут анонсированы дополнительно в самое ближайшее время .
Источник новости : Opera
Speaking of Franco , I 'd be curious to see your take on Francoist Spain .
I was interested to see that Spain was n't covered as one of the neutral nations of WWII ... but , whatever .
I 'm a proud American .
Europe is kind of ... meh .
Of course , you 're not making these anymore , but still - out of curiosity , if you did suddenly decide to make another one , which war would you cover ?
Thank you for your interest in " Null Stern - the only star is you " .
While the original Null Stern Hotel project is still on sabbatical , we are pleased to announce that the spin - off version called " Zero Real Estate - a room without walls or roof " will return in summer 2020 with more choices on locations throughout beautiful Switzerland .
If you would like to put your name on the reservation request list and to be the first one to receive updates , please sign up on www.zerorealestate.ch
// Herzlichen Dank für Ihr Interesse an « Null Stern - the only star is you » .
Während das originale « Null Stern Hotel » Projekt weiterhin im Sabbatical ist , freut es uns Ihnen mitzuteilen , dass unsere Spin- Off Version unter dem Namen « Zero Real Estate â€ “ Immobilienbefreite Hotelzimmer » im 2020 in einem geografisch erweiteten Raum mit mehreren unterschiedlichen Locations zurückkehren wird .
Falls Sie Neuigkeiten und Updates aus erster Hand erfahren möchten , können Sie sich via Online - Formular auf www.zerorealestate.ch registrieren lassen .
When the C.I.A. ’s inspector general challenged these “ enhanced interrogation ” methods , the agency ’s Office of Medical Services was brought in to determine , in consultation with the Justice Department , whether the techniques inflicted severe mental pain or suffering , the legal definition of torture .
Once again , doctors played a critical role , providing professional opinions that no severe pain or suffering was being inflicted .
According to Justice Department memos released last year , the medical service opined that sleep deprivation up to 180 hours did n’t qualify as torture .
It determined that confinement in a dark , small space for 18 hours a day was acceptable .
It said detainees could be exposed to cold air or hosed down with cold water for up to two - thirds of the time it takes for hypothermia to set in .
And it advised that placing a detainee in handcuffs attached by a chain to a ceiling , then forcing him to stand with his feet shackled to a bolt in the floor , “ does not result in significant pain for the subject . ”
The service did allow that waterboarding could be dangerous , and that the experience of feeling unable to breathe is extremely frightening .
But it noted that the C.I.A. had limited its use to 12 applications over two sessions within 24 hours , and to five days in any 30 - day period .
As a result , the lawyers noted the office ’s “ professional judgment that the use of the waterboard on a healthy individual subject to these limitations would be ‘ medically acceptable . ’ ”
The medical basis for these opinions was nonexistent .
The Office of Medical Services cited no studies of individuals who had been subjected to these techniques .
Its sources included a wilderness medical manual , the National Institute of Mental Health Web site and guidelines from the World Health Organization .
The only medical source cited by the service was a book by Dr. James Horne , a sleep expert at Loughborough University in Britain ; when Dr. Horne learned that his book had been used as a reference , he said the C.I.A. had distorted his findings and misrepresented his research , and that its conclusions on sleep deprivation were nonsense .
“ Steam has done a tremendous job , ” says Scott Reismanis , founder of DesuraNET .
Their soon - to - be - released digital distribution platform , simply named Desura , might be competing in the same market , but Reismanis is keen to point out the worth of Valve ’s own service .
“ Introversion software – makers of the great Darwinia game , among others – claimed they were ‘ the last of the bedroom programmers ’ .
Now , it seems that could n’t be further from the truth . ”
So where does Desura come into play ?
On first sight , it looks very much the Steam - alike .
There ’s an online store , on which to purchase a variety of PC games , and a client through which to play them .
Even the colour scheme and layouts are familiar .
What ’s somewhat different , though , is Desura ’s focus on bringing independently developed PC titles to the masses .
It ’s set to do this in a couple of ways .
The first , quite simply , is to provide a service that encourages and nurtures independent development .
“ Steam still rejects a lot of the indies , ” says Reismanis , “ and I ’m not sure they explain why .
We are still going to employ quality control , but we aim to be as approachable and transparent as possible , so we can coach and help teams polish their game up to the point where it can be distributed .
The difference between an indie and a big commercial game is , usually , an indie is made by a small team of people who control their game from start to finish and care what their fans think .
Because Desura is a dynamic , community - driven site , developers will be able to interact with their fans – and vice versa – which I hope will yield better games , since the developers who care will have a dedicated and willing userbase to seek feedback from 24/7 . ”
The Desura team ’s focus on independently developed games comes as no surprise , given their background .
Since 2002 , Reismanis and co. have poured their professional lives into ModDB.com , an expansive and community - driven database consisting of a vast array of indie games and user - created mods .
At present , more than 6,000 games and mods are available to download from the site , where its two million unique users can leave feedback on others ’ work and request help with their own .
“ Desura ’s a natural evolution that ’s been planned for years , ” Reismanis explains .
“ ModDB is a great site for developers and gamers that want to explore off the beaten track and find interesting games and mods to play .
Desura is a great service for those gamers who want to dive straight in and play . ”
The two services serve different purposes , then , but are carefully designed to complement one another .
“ We view Desura as the distribution channel , while ModDB is the development channel , for all content at all stages , ” Reismanis continues .
“ The beauty of this setup is that games and mods that want to publish on the platform can set up their profile from day one and slowly build a fanbase via ModDB ’s huge and active community .
Then , when they are ready to publish , they ‘ click a button ’ and all of their content magically appears on Desura . ”
The two sites work hand - in - hand behind the scenes , as well , sharing login details and much of the same content .
Aside from the indie focus , the other big aim seems to be accessibility .
Playing around with an early beta version of the service , I was delighted to discover that Desura ’s much - touted ‘ one - click install ’ feature really was just that : quite literally a single press of a button , a short wait , and the game was on my hard drive and ready to launch through the client .
“ Ease of use and minimalist design is our mantra , ” Reismanis says .
“ After all , simplicity is what has helped Google , Apple and Amazon become rock stars in the online world .
One - click install is an essential part of the service – I do n’t know why anyone would possibly want to manually install and patch their games any more when Desura can do it for you . ”
How does it work ?
There ’s a pause .
“ The app developer tells me it ’s complicated , ” he smiles .
Desura ’s focus on indie games might be its selling point at present , but Resimanis has high hopes for the service ’s future .
Eventually , he hopes Desura will be a “ one - stop shop ” for gamers worldwide .
“ Our focus on launch is to perfect our product by working with the indie teams , and helping them get on the platform first , ” he says .
“ After all , that is our background and expertise , so for us this approach makes sense .
But once we are ready , we have every intention of inviting major publishers to release their games on Desura .
Big or small , our only criteria is that you make a great game . ”
Its potential effects on the modding community could perhaps be the most significant , though .
Since the birth of user - created content , even the most enthusiastic of PC gamers have considered mods to be impenetrable , difficult to source and even trickier to get working .
Given Desura ’s astounding accessibility , that stigma could well be lifted .
“ The main problem modding communities face , ” says Reismanis , “ is that the majority of gamers do n’t know what a mod is or where to find them , and even fewer know how to install and play them .
There ’s a large barrier to entry that instantly rules out a large majority of gamers .
Desura knocks down this wall . ”
The service even includes an Installation Wizard , which checks your system to ensure you ’ve the right versions of the right games installed to be able to play the mods on your wishlist .
“ So many mods are amazing and deserve their 15 minutes of fame , ” says Reismanis .
“ Blizzard knows this , and that is why a ‘ modshop ’ for Starcraft 2 is one of their big selling points .
Desura going mainstream would be a game - changer for mods , and great for the PC games industry . ”
One of the great appeals of modding is the strong sense of community it thrives upon , and this too is something Desura hopes to incorporate .
Much of this functionality is missing from the current build , but Reismanis is already talking about a variety of methods by which Desura ’s users can become actively involved in the service , maintaining communication with developers the world around .
“ Instead of creating static game profiles with a handful of images and a trailer , ” he explains , “ developers can post news , features , downloads , images , videos and all manner of content any time they want .
Our community can then track , rate and comment on all of this content , bridging the gap between games , developers and players by providing a platform where they can interact .
In the long run we believe this will increase player satisfaction , word - of - mouth promotion and feedback for the developers , enabling them to build better titles and to release to more people .
This sets Desura apart , and makes it much more fun to be involved with . ”
The service has been vaguely stated for an April launch .
Is the team still on - track to meeting that target ?
“ Done when it ’s done ! ” Reismanis jokes .
“ No , April it shall be .
We have a few core things to finish first .
Expect Desura to be continually evolving , and the first public release to still only be a taster of what is to come .
It will take a while for our catalogue of games and community to grow , so we just need to manage expectations and ensure people know that what they see in April is still only the early ideas . ”
But even now , the signs are promising .
With only a smattering of games and mods available to download , and a mere fraction of the community features integrated , it ’s already shaping up to be a valuable service .
Since its announcement , the hype within the independent development scene has been rapidly growing – and with good reason .
“ We wanted to make our first impression last , ” says Reismanis .
“ I believe we have achieved that , but the real goal is taking Desura public and start selling games – and that is a challenge we are definitely looking forward to . ”
Canandaigua , New York ( CNN ) --
" Can you say that again ?
You put a bullet through the wall in your house ? "
Angela Price begins this evening at work like any , listening to troubled veterans in need of a sympathetic ear or immediate help .
She reaches for a pen and paper .
She 's a trained responder for the Veterans Affairs Department 's National Suicide Prevention Lifeline in the upstate New York town of Canandaigua .
She asks a series of questions : " Where 's the gun at now ?...
OK , so the gun is nowhere near you ?
...
OK , I 'm glad that you 're safe , " she says , somewhat relieved but still concerned about the caller .
Price is one of some 20 responders , counselors , social workers and health tech assistants staffing 15 phone lines and three chat lines at the center at any given time .
She talks with the caller for 45 minutes .
He shot a bullet into the wall of his house and then went for a drive .
She is able to coax him to pull over , calm him down , and arrange for follow - up care .
Most of the callers want information regarding mental health and other medical services available to them provided at their local VA hospitals .
But for others , the call they 're making is a last resort .
Each year , more than 30,000 people kill themselves , 20 percent of them veterans , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
That 's 18 veteran suicides a day .
Every call presents another opportunity for the hot line responders to try to prevent another tragedy .
The crisis center , staffed around the clock seven days a week , opened in July 2007 , largely borne from widespread criticism that the department was not responding adequately to veterans in crisis .
Janet Kemp , the Veterans Administration Suicide Prevention Coordinator , says the phones have n't stopped ringing since the hot line 's inception .
" It 's about being able to provide them with immediate assistance , immediate resources , appointments .
It assures that we 're not going to let them drop through the cracks after they hang up the phone , " Kemp says .
Before the VA suicide prevention program began , that was n't always the case .
Jim and Marianne Schulze told CNN in early 2007 that their son Jonathan , an Iraq combat veteran , killed himself in January of that year , after being told he was No. 26 on a waiting list to get checked into a VA hospital .
The Schulzes said their son had been suffering with post - traumatic stress disorder for nearly two years .
He died with an extension cord wrapped around his neck , a picture of his daughter by his side , they said .
Six months later , the VA Suicide Prevention Lifeline opened .
To date , the crisis center has received almost 250,000 calls .
" The health techs assist the counselors in getting the person the services they need at the time , " Kemp says .
" If they need emergency services or information , the health techs can pick that up , and find the person who can help them in their local area , and make those connections . "
If necessary , the center arranges an emergency rescue , or in less dire circumstances , a wellness checkup at the caller 's home .
The center also follows up the next day , according to Kemp .
The 2010 hot line budget is more than $ 15 million , including staffing , phone and contract costs and more than $ 4 million for public messaging campaigns , according to the VA .
The center 's newest feature is a chat line for those who prefer computer - oriented communication , especially young vets such as those who served in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" Since that 's been open , we 've talked to several thousand people over the chat and have been able to facilitate some rescues through that service . "
Chat counselor Rich Barham recalls an incident while chatting with a Navy vet who barricaded himself in his house , with two children asleep upstairs , as he suffered flashbacks from Iraq .
Barham sent help .
" When the police broke in , I heard he had a gun , and I was hoping bad things were n't going to happen to him , " Barham says .
" We were able to get his wife on the phone , and he was taken to the hospital and she was able to come home to take care of the kids . "
Hot line responder Christopher Maginn is in the Army Reserves , and he just returned from serving in Afghanistan .
" For me , it 's kind of hitting two birds with one stone , because I get to work with guys that have worn the uniform , and I still wear the uniform today , so , it 's always meant a lot to me to work here , " says Maginn .
Many callers are recent Iraq and Afghanistan veterans who struggle with reintegration , he said .
Often , they 're too proud to pick up a phone and ask for help .
The main goal is " to listen to them , and to validate what they 're going through , and provide them services , " he said .
Kemp says it 's all in an important day 's work .
" I feel lots of times it 's their last hope , their last chance , and if we can provide that little bit of hope , and get them to realize that they called and there are options , " says Kemp .
" It 's an amazing feeling . "
The phone number for the hot line is 800 - 273 - TALK ( 8255 ) .
The chat line is at www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org.
5 Ways Card Issuers Can Still Nail You Despite the Credit CARD
Act of 2009
At the end of last month , most of the new rules from the Credit CARD
Act went into effect .
While there are some restrictions on some credit card issuer practices , the bottom line is that these are creative business people determined to make a profit .
Many credit card issuers have been sending out amendments to agreements and other notices .
I hope you have been reading the fine print in communications from your credit card issuers , because here 5 ways that they can still nail you :
1. Variable rate floor
Credit card issuers are starting to institute what are called “ rate floors . ”
This is a part of the agreement that says that your interest rate ca n’t go below a certain point .
This protects credit card issuers from having to drop variable rates to something lower as market - based rates fall .
Institute a floor , and no matter how low the market rate fall , your credit card interest rate will not follow once it hits the floor .
Paying attention to this fine print is especially important if you are applying for a new card .
2 . New rate setting process
In the past , credit card issues have set variable rates periodically , usually on the last day of each billing cycle , or on a certain day each quarter .
Now , though , card issuers are looking into the idea of picking their own rate .
Some agreements disclose that issuers can choose the highest rate offered anytime in the last 90 days .
This means that your variable rate will always be as high as it can be , based on market rates .
3. Inactivity fees
Since the financial crisis and tightening in the credit markets , we ’ve seen cardholders ’ accounts closed due to inactivity .
Now , though , some credit card issuers are realizing that they have a great opportunity here .
The CARD
Act does not tell issuers what fees they can and cannot charge , so some issuers are instituting inactivity fees , to be charged when you are n’t buying things with your credit card .
The annual fee is making a comeback as well , and some card issuers are toying with the idea of adding statement fees .
4 . Higher existing fees
To boost revenue , many credit card issuers are raising their fees for services we ’re already used to .
Check for notices ( with your statement or separate ) for higher fees on cash advances and balance transfers .
There are no ceilings on these fees , and issuers can charge what they want .
The same is true of over the limit fees .
You have to agree to allow over the limit charges on your card , so watch the fine print for the wording of how that works .
And realize that even if you do n’t opt in for those charges , if you are close to your limit , a late payment fee or cash advance fee could put you over the top , triggering the higher over the limit fee .
5 . International transaction fees on your credit card purchases
These are getting a boost as well .
Additionally , credit card issuers are expanding the definition of “ international ” .
It used to be that many card issuers would not charge international transaction fees if everything was done in U.S. dollars — even if the company was in another country .
That practice is disappearing in some cases , though .
Some issuers are now charging for any transaction that takes place across borders , even if the same currency is used by both parties .
Of course , if a different currency is used , that is the cue for an addition exchange fee .
As usual , your best protection against many of the fees is to pay off your balance each month , making sure to make small purchases on each card to keep them active .
That way , you will be less susceptible to fees .
For other changes , make sure you read the fine print , so you know exactly which cards are going to cost you more for simple transactions that you normally make .
Browse > Home News / Uranium Mining In The Black Hills – Debra White Plume ’s Response to ‘ Clean Nuclear ’
Uranium Mining In The Black Hills – Debra White Plume ’s Response to ‘ Clean Nuclear ’
by Debra White Plume , Feb 2010
The planned uranium mine site in the southern Black Hills can impact four aquifers .
Powertech , Inc. USA plans to begin uranium extraction in 2011 and operate for 15 years in the permit area of 10,580 acres located in Dewey and Burdock Counties , north of Edgemont , SD .
PT plans to drill 4000 - 8000 wells to a depth of 400 - 800 feet underground to extract 1 million pounds uranium per year , initially using 4000 gallons of water per minute .
As well as the four aquifers in this area , the site includes the surface water of Beaver Creek and Pass Creek , which empty into the Cheyenne River downstream from the mine site .
To permanently store the mining waste of radioactive water and sludge , PT plans to use several evaporation ponds and deep disposal wells .
Thirty - eight people currently live within a 6 mile radius of the proposed mine , with a cattle ranch nearby that raises beef for sale as food .
PT plans to locate its ’ processing plant in the Burdock area .
Once this area is mined out sometime around the year 2026 , PT plans to continue to use the area as a yellow cake processing site for uranium extracted from its mines in Wyoming and Colorado , according to PT ’s Environmental Protection Agency Aquifer Exemption Application .
Who Is Powertech , Inc. USA ?
Powertech , Inc. ( PT ) is a recently formed , foreign - owned uranium exploration corporation from Vancouver , BC , Canada with an office in Denver , CO and Hot Springs , SD .
( PT ’s parent company is Suez , the giant French - owned
multinational corporation . )
PT also has ISL mining plans for Wyoming and currently is in the permitting process for ISL uranium mines in both South Dakota and Colorado .
PT has completed exploratory drilling in the Dewey - Burdock uranium mine permit areas , which straddles Fall River and Custer counties 12 miles northwest of Edgemont .
PT utilized several thousand drill holes made by the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) 20 - 30 years ago when TVA explored and mined the area .
From 1951 to 1964 , TVA produced 1,500,025 pounds of yellow cake from this uranium deposit .
TVA left many uranium drill holes uncapped and abandoned when they left the Black Hills .
TVA sold their claims when the Three Mile Island Nuclear Power Plant approached a melt - down , and the horror of Chernobyl happened .
PT acquired the property in the Edgemont area in 2005 .
PT is also preparing to mine uranium southeast of Edgemont in the Plum Creek area .
How Will the Miners Get the Uranium Out of the Ground ?
ISL Mining is a method used to extract uranium ore from underground , using water to inject solutions deep into the uranium ore body through injection wells , then the ‘ production well ’ pulls up the injected solution with the uranium ore attached .
The piping is placed in drill holes which puncture the aquifers .
From these pipes , the uranium ore enters the production plant , the solution and dirt debris is shaken off , and the remaining uranium ore is dried to turn the it into a fine powder called “ yellow cake ” .
It is necessary to drill thousands of holes deep in the ground to conduct ISL mining .
Arsenic , Radium 226 & 228 , Thorium 230 and other contaminants are stirred up during the extraction process and can enter groundwater through leaks in the thousands of pipes used to ISL mine .
Such leaks can allow the radioactive water to seep out of the pipe and back into the groundwater , which has happened at ISL mines all over the world .
( for info see www.wise-uranium.com ) .
Water that is used to extract the uranium ore out of the ground is re-used to repeat the extraction process , some of this water is then stored in evaporation ponds , along with the sludge of the contaminants , some is stored permanently underground in disposal wells .
The sludge is shipped out as radioactive waste .
No corporation has ever been able to clean up the aquifers of an ISL uranium mine site , rather , the state or EPA will relax its water standards .
Water Pollution A Major Concern In SD
Environmental and conservation groups , including the Sierra Club of SD , warn that water pollution will be a major concern if the mining company Powertech is given a permit to mine for uranium .
Shirley Frederick , with the Sierra Club ’s Black Hills Group , says there ’s a high likelihood that aquifers will become polluted if an injection - well recovery system is used to mine the ore .
“ It ’s a huge potential for contamination of groundwater . ”
Powertech Inc USA has submitted its uranium mining application to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and it can be viewed at the NRC website .
The NRC has announced a time period for interested individuals to voice their concerns regarding the uranium mine ’s impacts to the environment .
This proposed uranium mine will be the first time folks can be heard under the new GEIS .
Photo of Cameco ’s Crow Butte ISL Uranium Mine near Chadron , Neb. by Owe Aku , Lakota Media Project
Powertech ’s ISL Uranium Mine Plans for the Great Plains ( image taken from their website )
I just wanted to see how you could transform Super Mario Bros.
into something tangible in the real world .
Here ’s what I thought : I did n’t want to do the overalls on Mario , so I opted for jeans , t- shirt and blue plaid shirt .
I explained the large “ M ” on the hat by making the hat a Mack truck hat .
The giant mushroom hat on the mushroom retainers looks a lot like one of those Rastafarian cap .
The idea that he might get high off of ‘ shrooms just added to the illusion .
I was originally thinking of making “ The Castle ” the name of a strip club chain , but it would have taken too long to effectively demonstrate that she was in another castle location in the comic .
So I decided that “ Another Castle ” should be the actual name of a strip club .
There ’s not much more to Peach than she ’s a stripper with blonde hair and wears pink and instead of being a Princess , her name is Princess ( at least her stripper name is ) .
As far as King Koopa , I had to figure out some sort of wardrobe that would allow me to have similar colors in the same place and look to match his personality .
My solution was to model him after Francis Buxton from Pee - Wee ’s Big Adventure , but give him a sports fan , frat boy kind of outfit .
And of course Mario had to rescue the Princess , so instead of being kidnapped I went for sexual harassment .
I normally do n’t explain the thought process behind the comic this much , but I had nothing else to post .
See you Monday !
Illustration by Gary Niell
Correction to this article
ABOUT 40 nuclear reactors are under construction around the world , designed by half a dozen companies from America , China , France , Japan and Russia .
But to obtain a huge , solid - steel vessel to contain the radioactivity , all must turn to a single firm , Japan Steel Works , on the northern island of Hokkaido .
Though smaller or welded vessels exist , only the Japanese company has the technology to forge the critical $ 150 m part from a single 600 - tonne ingot .
Few companies find themselves in such a privileged position .
But Japan Steel
Works is only the most visible example of an insufficiently appreciated feature of corporate Japan .
The country has a host of medium - sized firms that dominate specialised global markets .
Some of these are in simple engineering : Shimano earns around $ 1.5 billion a year by supplying 60 - 70 % of the world 's bicycle gears and brakes ; YKK makes around half the world 's zip fasteners by value , and used to control far more .
But it is in the arcane corners of electronics , engineering and materials - science that Japanese companies reign .
The technologies are largely invisible to consumers , but the firms enjoy outsize market shares because they are essential for making particular products .
For example , around 75 % of motors for hard - disk drives in computers come from a firm called Nidec ; 90 % of the micro-motors used to adjust the rear - view mirror in every car are made by Mabuchi .
Often the products are components , materials or equipment used to make other equipment : TEL makes 80 % of the etchers used in making an LCD panel ; Covalent produces 60 % of the containers that hold silicon wafers as they are turned into computer chips .
A choice : Japanese or Japanese ?
In some instances the companies ' only real rivals are also Japanese , making the country indispensable even if there is more than one supplier .
Shin -Etsu has 50 % of the market for the photomask substrate , used to place patterns on semiconductors , but the other producers — Covalent , NSG , AGC and Tosoh — all hail from Japan too .
Japanese companies have a similar grip on , for example , bonding material for integrated circuit packages and the lithography machines ( called steppers ) to make LCD panels .
So far , despite their dominance , most have avoided antitrust trouble .
Whereas big Japanese electronics companies such as Panasonic , Sharp and Sony have been losing market share to rivals from China , South Korea and Taiwan , these smaller , less well known Japanese firms continue to dominate niches upon which the global technology industry depends .
The Japanese even have a term for them : chuken kigyo ( strong , medium - sized firms ) .
It does n't matter if the brand on the casing says Apple , Nokia or Samsung : the innards are stuffed with Japanese wares .
According to an official at Apple , the company depends on Japanese firms for vital components because few suppliers elsewhere can live up to its rigorous standards .
“ They may not be the sexiest products , but you can't make a semiconductor chip or an LCD panel without them , ” says Alberto Moel , an expert on high - tech manufacturing with Monitor Group , a consulting firm , in Tokyo .
Japanese companies serve more than 70 % of the worldwide market in at least 30 technology sectors worth more than $ 1 billion apiece , according to the Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry ( METI ) .
They range from certain films to diffuse light used in LCD screens ( where they have the whole of a market worth more than ¥ 270 billion , or $ 3 billion ) to multilayer ceramic capacitors that regulate the current in electrical equipment ( 77 % of ¥ 540 billion ) .
Japan 's technological prowess is a reminder of the country 's industrial strength at a time when it is struggling to overcome nearly two decades of economic stagnation and is poised to lose its place as the world 's second - largest economy to China .
It is also an answer to decades of criticism by Western management experts who breathlessly argued that the country 's business culture , from a rigid labour market to weak shareholder rights , was holding companies back .
Corporate Japan must have been doing something right after all .
Of course , some foreign companies can boast similar supremacy in global markets .
Microsoft 's Windows operating system is on more than 90 % of the world 's 1 billion or so personal computers , of which around 80 % are powered by Intel chips .
And chips designed by ARM , a British firm , dominate the market for application processors , which run software on smart - phones .
Germany 's Mittelstand , the closest Western equivalent of the chuken kigyo , also boasts many smallish world - beaters .
In much the same way as the Mittelstand , Japan 's chuken kigyo is not simply a part of the national economy , but the core of its industrial structure .
It enables the country 's bigger , well - known electronics firms to exist , as well as meeting foreigners ' essential needs .
Strikingly , doubts are growing about Japanese companies ' ability to maintain their enviable position — but for now their grip remains mostly firm .
Treasure in small things
The best example of Japan 's technical strength is hard to see : a capacitor .
With some being as small as a grain of salt , a magnifying glass is needed .
They store electricity in a circuit and are a basic building - block of many electronic devices .
They cost somewhere between a quarter of a cent and 20 cents each , but a mobile phone may need 100 of them and a PC 1,000 .
A Japanese company called Murata has 40 % of the global market .
Though the profitability of Murata 's capacitors is hard to know , the company 's overall margins are typically about 50 % , estimates Macquarie , an investment bank .
Japan 's total market share ( other suppliers include TDK and Taiyo Yuden ) is 80 % .
But that is down from around 90 % at the start of decade .
Ground has been lost to ambitious foreign rivals such as Samsung Electro - Mechanics of South Korea and Yageo of Taiwan .
Other Japanese companies boast similar strengths .
Nitto Denko claims to have more than 20 market - leading products , mostly for making LCD displays .
Covalent also has several ; it controls , for example , 70 % of the market for carbon brushes in electric motors .
Mitsubishi Chemical commands a near monopoly in red phosphorescent materials used to make natural - white LED light bulbs .
Shin -Etsu enjoys the top spot for certain silicon wafers for semiconductors .
Kyocera leads in several integrated - circuit components .
The process of making computer chips illustrates Japan 's dominance .
Among the many steps are four in which the Japanese are indispensable : wafer processing ; thin - film formation ; coating , lithography and developing ; and contact and packaging .
Japanese companies rule the markets for essential components in all four stages and equipment in three of them ( see chart 1 ) .
Electronics manufacturers everywhere turn to Japanese makers for these sorts of tools and components because of their high quality and reliability , explains T.W. Kang , a Korean semiconductor expert who recently retired from the board of NEC Electronics .
No one wants to have a car dashboard malfunction because of an inferior part that cost only a few pence .
Many technology products have become commodities , but certain components have not , since they require continual innovation .
So entry barriers to the business of making them remain high , and although the margins on the final goods have deteriorated , the margins on specialised , high - end components are still juicy .
Japan 's technology champions share certain characteristics .
They invest handsomely in research and development ( R&D ) .
Many have factories abroad for basic products but keep the high - end stuff at home — in a “ black box ” , they like to say .
They often own their supply chains : chip companies that might use crystal components generally grow their own .
Some firms even make the very machines they use , in order to control costs , remain independent of suppliers and maintain a deep understanding of their technology .
When asked what is the main reason for their success , executives invariably gush about the quality of their customers .
The response initially sounds scripted , or perhaps typically humble .
Of course , good customers impose strict standards , forcing suppliers to raise their game .
But there is more to it than that .
As Susumu Kohyama , the boss of Covalent , points out , the components , tools and materials in which Japanese firms excel are highly customised .
It is only by working closely with clients over many years that suppliers gain insight into their future technical plans and are trusted to learn about thorny problems that a clever supplier might solve .
Once firms become technology leaders , it is harder to unseat them .
Moreover , the knowledge about the technology is tacit , not formal .
It can not be transmitted by writing a manual or reading a patent application .
Rather , it accumulates by working with colleagues over many years .
This poses a barrier to entry for rivals .
It is also why firms try to maintain lifetime employment in specialised high - tech sectors , though it is ebbing elsewhere in the economy .
This belief that the strength of the company is stored in the collective mind of employees — rather than in the share price of the moment — also helps explain why Japanese companies disdain mergers and acquisitions .
Firms resist takeovers , rather than viewing them as the natural combinatory process of business , as in the West .
Ironically , the very success of Japan 's hidden technology champions is in part due to changes in the industry that have hammered Japan 's big electronics firms .
Companies anywhere can buy the machines , chemicals and know - how to get into the manufacturing business , so the leading Japanese brands have suffered .
But the country is also home to the firms that supply those very machines , chemicals and know - how .
As the giants have struggled , the chuken kigyo has thrived .
The foreigners are coming
Impressive as it is , however , Japanese firms ' continuing dominance is not guaranteed .
They conquered their markets partly by adopting and improving on foreign ( largely American ) technology , first with low cost , then better quality and finally with technical superiority .
Along the way , they developed close relationships with their customers , gaining intimate knowledge of — and then satisfying — their precise needs .
A technical edge and customers ' trust amounts to a formidable barrier to entry .
The question now is whether China , South Korea and Taiwan could do to Japan what Japan did to America .
Worries about the sustainability of Japan 's lead stem chiefly from a belief among some executives and officials that Japanese firms are not doing as much as they could to realise the value of their technology .
Hiroaki Okamoto , the director of R&D at Shin - Etsu , even believes the industry is in crisis .
“ We know that Korean and Taiwanese firms might catch up .
There are so many competitors in Japan , no one is really making much money ” on certain products .
Lower margins mean that Japanese companies have less money to invest in R&D .
“ This lets Taiwanese , Chinese and Korean companies compete . ”
That said , market dominance is a pretty strong starting position .
Some executives believe that when a narrow market is shared by a few firms , they should consolidate .
They also rue the inwardness of Japanese firms that resist co-operating with others .
Jun Saito , a researcher at the University of Tokyo , notes that Japanese tax law actually discourages partnerships from forming .
Mr Moel of Monitor believes that the firms could generate new revenue opportunities if they were more outward - looking and managed the technology better .
The very attributes of Japanese business that led to its technical dominance also risk holding it back .
The lack of shareholder pressure that lets companies focus on long - term projects removes the market discipline to boost performance and cull weak projects .
Vertical integration ensures supply and quality , but leads companies into non-core areas better done by others .
Lifetime employment keeps knowledge in - house , but firms lose flexibility , employees lose labour mobility and fresh ideas can be stifled .
“ Frankly speaking , the changes are starting now , ” confides a manager at Taiyo Yuden .
South Korean products are good , he says .
“ We see others coming after us .
If we do n't do anything , they will run over us .
So we 're struggling to find a new way . ”
What is Japan 's response ?
If possible , more innovation .
In substrates for integrated circuits — the foundations for chips and other components — this has worked ( see chart 2 ) .
Between 2002 and 2007 Japan 's market share collapsed , from 75 % to 34 % , as Taiwanese firms doubled and South Korean firms quadrupled their presence .
So the Japanese moved to higher - value products , focusing on substrates for microprocessor units ( MPUs ) .
The 3 % of substrates for MPU applications shipped in 2007 accounted for 30 % of the market 's value .
However , innovation alone may not always help .
High volume also counts for a lot .
Japan went from making half of the world 's solar panels to less than 20 % over the past four years .
Although it continues to make the best - performing ones , the industry has largely shifted to China .
Furthermore , the best technology is less prized in the fastest - growing markets — poor countries like China and India that want basic products .
Japanese makers of mobile phones have the world 's most sophisticated devices but their market share abroad is virtually nil .
A warning to the chuken kigyo is the experience of two big firms , Canon and Nikon , against ASML , a Dutch company , in the market for steppers , the tools used to make computer chips .
In 1990 ASML had less than 10 % of the market , while the two Japanese firms dominated it .
Yet today ASML controls 65 % .
Japanese executives raise the matter to decry corporate complacency .
How did ASML win ?
“ We were too small to compete with Nikon and Canon directly , ” explains Willem Maris , who devised the strategy as the boss of ASML from 1990 to 2000 .
The Japanese had far more resources and did everything in - house .
So ASML redesigned the product to make it modular , which let it farm out work to specialists .
For instance , Carl Zeiss , a German company , made precision lenses .
This ultimately enabled ASML to innovate faster and surpass the Japanese , says Mr Maris .
Illustration by Gary Niell
ASML 's openness took a more literal form , too .
“ When a machine at Samsung broke down , 20 Japanese would come over and place a tent over it , so no one could see exactly what they did , ” he says .
ASML took the opposite approach , and showed customers the problem and how it would be fixed .
Today , Nikon and Canon remain as closed as ever — and separate , even though merging their stepper businesses would make sense .
Old skills , modern times
Japan 's technical success has its roots in old strengths .
Its excellence in fine ceramics harks back to its expertise in pottery .
Its brilliant steel forgings are a vestige of ancient swordmaking .
Japanese will say this reflects their culture of monozukuri ( making things ) and kaizen ( continuous improvement ) .
But not all of Japan 's customs serve it well .
Its tradition of resisting outsiders — be they foreigners or other companies — today risks undermining it .
To help overcome the reluctance among companies to share technologies or join forces , in July METI established the Innovation Network Corporation of Japan .
Packed with people from business , it acts as a sort of national private - equity fund , with assets and credit guarantees totalling $ 9 billion .
It aims to invest in promising intellectual property , with the idea of creating spin - out companies or encouraging consolidation .
“ They never merge , ” laments a METI official , who fears more companies will go the way of Nikon and Canon in steppers .
“ We can't lose that , ” he says about Japan 's technical dominance .
In the past , Japan 's closed approach made sense , admits Mr Kohyama , the boss of Covalent .
But not today .
“ We have to think a lot more openly , ” he implores .
Japan 's hidden champions will probably need to unite in some form to maintain the financial and technical strength they need to stay dominant .
They will also have to be wary of antitrust watchdogs , even if they have largely avoided them hitherto .
The American authorities are investigating makers of optical drives ( used in computers and DVD players ) and Japanese trustbusters tend to focus on a merger 's effect on the domestic market although it would create a strong global supplier .
As for Japan Steel Works , its technical superiority is legendary .
Even today it makes samurai swords using time - honoured techniques .
Yet its absolute dominance in nuclear - containment vessels is coming to an end , as rivals from China , South Korea and elsewhere emerge .
“ In the not too distant future we 're going to have at least five options , ” notes Aris Candris , the boss of Westinghouse , which builds reactors .
“ Unfortunately none of them are from Pittsburgh ” — where Westinghouse is based and which used to be the centre of America 's steel industry .
The lesson is clear : once the expertise is lost , it is hard to regain .
Correction : we originally wrote that Westinghouse was based in Philadelphia .
In fact it is based in Pittsburgh .
Sorry .
This was corrected on November 6th 2009 .
Following two unsuccessful attempts at forcing ISP Telenor to block The Pirate Bay in Norway , the IFPI and performing rights outfit TONO have abandoned their legal action .
The case will not now head to the Supreme Court but instead the entertainment groups will pin their hopes on new legislation .
In March 2009 the IFPI and several local movie studios began threatening Telenor , Norway ’s largest ISP .
Block your customers from accessing The Pirate Bay , they demanded , or we will take legal action and get the courts to force you .
Telenor refused to comply and was taken to court .
In November 2009 the verdict was handed down – the courts decided that the ISP had no obligation to block the world ’s most infamous torrent site .
The IFPI was n’t about to give in so easily , with CEO Marte Thorsby insisting the court had ruled incorrectly .
Music performing rights outfit , TONO , confirmed the case would go to an appeal .
In early February the Borgarting Court of Appeal announced that the appeal had been rejected as there was no basis under Norwegian law for the claim .
IFPI and TONO said they would consider their options , i.e make a decision as to whether or not they would take the case to the Supreme Court .
Yesterday , in a surprise announcement – it ’s not like the entertainment industries to give in so easily – IFPI and TONO said they will not take their appeal to Norway ’s highest court .
“ We wanted to get a legal clarification on whether under Norwegian law it is possible to order ISPs to block access to The Pirate Bay , ” said TONO in a statement .
“ Now we have two clear decisions that there is no legal authority under Norwegian law for such blocking requirements . ”
Following the November ruling , TONO said that it was possible that the authorities had not implemented the EU Copyright Directive properly in 2005 , a line they continue to stand by .
“ We interpret both [ court ] decisions as suggesting that questions have been raised about whether the EU Copyright Directive was adequately implemented in Norwegian law , ” TONO added .
Marte Thorsby of the IFPI said that continuing with legal action would be a waste of time and money , and joined TONO in their calls for clearer legislation .
“ The Court of Appeal wrote in its ruling that the limits of complicit liability are unclear , and we expect that the ongoing revision of the Copyright Act will close this legal ‘ hole ’ , ” said Thorsby .
Kalle Larsson addresses the Socialist Party ( USA ) meeting .
Photo by David McReynolds .
By Billy Wharton
February 16 , 2010 --
To US immigrant rights activists faced with the harsh repression of Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) raids or the outright racism of public officials such as Sheriff Joe Arpaio , Europe may seem like a kinder , gentler place .
Yet , as Kalle Larsson , representative of the Left Party of Sweden , argued during a recent speech organised by the Socialist Party USA ( NYC local ) , Europe is developing its own forms of exclusion and repression for migrants .
Larsson described the changes underway in the European Union ( EU ) in the treatment of asylum - seeking refugees and people without papers .
As the EU moves to “ harmonise ” various policies employed by member nation - states , what once seemed like a minimum policy to insure a base level of rights has become a ceiling designed to prevent the implementation of more humane policies .
This process , Larsson argued , is one part of the larger neoliberal approach being implemented in Brussels .
Larsson described a situation of rising racism and xenophobia throughout much of Europe .
Some of this can attributed to the severity of the economic crisis , but there are also clear roots being planted in electoral politics and policy making .
Though clear racist parties have mostly failed to enter government , they have been able to influence , and even set , parts of the legislative agenda as large liberal - social democratic parties seek to adapt to the issues raised by these parties .
The code words for such adaptation , Larsson suggested , are things like “ listening to the concerns people raise ” .
Practically , such approaches signal an abandonment of relatively liberal principles in favour of the electoral expediency offered by more repressive measures .
EU policies build walls
Clear fault for the rise of discrimination lies also with EU policy .
Problems begin with the Dublin Convention , a law that forces asylum seekers to be tried in the first country they enter .
Entry most often occurs at the edges of Europe and , consequently , in countries with poor records for granting asylum .
Sweden for instance , Larsson stated , granted about 75 % of applications for asylum made by Iraqi refugees while a country like Greece , which receives far more applications , has an approval rate of less than 1 % of asylum seekers .
The EU has also developed a policy of carrier sanctions : transportation companies caught transporting people without papers face stiff fines .
This ensures that transport is conducted covertly .
Those able to overcome transport difficulties often face an additional visual screening at transportation hubs .
In practice , Larsson argued , this leads to a racial profiling policy with dark - skin travellers being targeted by security forces for credential checks .
The repression of Fortress Europe
Even more disturbing is the rise of the frontier border control police .
This armed force has created a “ fortress Europe ” by aiming to make borders uncrossable .
Again , Greece has become a prime site for these conflicts over migration .
Asylum seekers from Turkey have been forced to turn their boats around and return to face possible persecution in Turkey .
However , Turkish officials often refuse permission for the asylum boats to land .
EU border police then dump the asylum seekers into the ocean off the coast in order to resolve the conflict .
This brutal act , Larsson emphasised , is not an isolated instance , but has happened on several occasions .
EU officials have also begun to enforce visa controls against asylum seekers .
Now , theoretically , a person fleeing from persecution would have to apply to the country persecuting them to issue a travel visa .
This is , of course , untenable and has led to a coercive response as the EU has used detention as a means to control the movement of those without the proper credentials .
Migration policies with a human face
Larsson said Sweden 's Left Party offers a program to counteract the anti-human trends of the EU .
First and foremost , he stressed the need to close the gap in global socioeconomic inequality .
This is a prime push factor in migration .
Second , begin to tear down the walls being put up around the EU .
Key to doing so is a third point that would create legal routes to seek asylum .
One of the most powerful points Larsson made was that there is now no practical legal way to migrate to Europe .
Asylum seekers necessarily need to break some or all of the laws described above in order to make their journey .
Larsson proposed the creation of a specific visa for asylum seekers that would be tried in the European country they seek to enter .
Another strategy being employed is to help those people with status questions already in country to organise .
Larsson described weekly meetings held outside of parliament by people without papers .
Finally , Larsson emphasised the need to not allow the racist parties to set the agenda for migration .
Overall , Kalle Larsson identified some troubling developments within the EU .
Though he only touched briefly on economic issues , the spectacular meltdowns of Iceland and now Greece give testimony to the larger social suffering brought on by capitalist integration .
The challenge for the European , left that was brought out in this conversation about migration policies , is to combat the immediate restrictions being implemented while also maintaining and promoting a larger vision for creating a Europe constructed beyond the narrow parameters of capitalism .
[ Billy Wharton is the co-chair of the Socialist Party USA and the editor of The Socialist and the Socialist WebZine . ]
The race to the top of Pikes Peak is among the most harrowing in motorsports , a flat - out sprint through 156 turns on a 12.4 - mile road to the clouds .
It is a test of grit and skill that demands the best from drivers as they brave perilous drops at 130 mph .
Audi thinks it can do it without a driver .
The German automaker will send an autonomous TTS barreling to the summit in September .
It will navigate the course at race speeds — the best drivers make the run in around 12 minutes — with no one at the wheel or even in the car .
No one ’s ever attempted anything like it before .
Although robocars have driven the course , they have n’t done it at more than 25 mph .
Audi says it is pushing autonomous - vehicle technology to its very edge in an effort to make the cars the rest of us drive smarter and safer .
“ We ’re interested in the safety opportunities this technology presents , ” said Dr. Burkhard Huhnke , executive director of the Electronics Research Laboratory .
Volkswagen Group , which owns Audi , works alongside Stanford University at the lab in Palo Alto , California .
“ We want to understand the best way to use this technology to provide additional support to drivers in critical situations . ”
Audi , Volkswagen and Stanford are building on their success with Stanley , a VW Touareg that won the DARPA Grand Challenge in 2005 , and Stanley , a VW Passat that took second in the DARPA Urban Challenge in 2007 .
Those vehicles used radar , sensors and cameras to track the road at relatively low speed on a closed and controlled course .
The TTS will use differential GPS and an inertial measurement system to tackle a road where anything can happen .
“ We ’re aiming high , ” said Chris Gerdes , director of the Center for Automotive Research at Stanford .
“ Pike ’s Peak has been a challenge since the first race in 1916 .
It is a place where you have to push to the very limit , and there ’s a very stiff penalty if you get it wrong . ”
The car wo n’t compete in the Pike ’s Peak International Hill Climb in June .
But the all - wheel drive TTS will follow the same course the racers use .
It ’s a mix of pavement , dirt and gravel that rises 4,721 feet at an average grade of 7 percent .
The current record for a production - based all - wheel - drive car stands at 11:48.434 .
No one expects the TTS to hit that mark , and it wo n’t achieve the kind of speeds rally driver Marcus Gronhölm or four - time winner Nobuhiro Tajima have , but it will make the run faster than you ever could .
“ I want to go up the mountain much faster than anyone with any sense of self - preservation would go , ” Gerdes said .
The robocar is a 2010 TTS .
The team chose it because it features a fly - by - wire throttle , adaptive cruise control , a semiautomatic DSG gearbox and other gadgetry .
That made it relatively easy to make the car fully autonomous using electronics developed at the Electronics Research Lab .
“ The components we added that actually interface with the car would fit in a shoebox , ” said Marcial Hernandez , a senior research engineer at the Electronics Research Lab .
“ The largest component by far is the gyroscope , and it ’s an 8 - inch cube . ”
The TTS is named Shelley in honor of Michèle Mouton , an Audi rally driver and the first woman to win at Pikes Peak .
Shelley uses differential GPS to track its location to within 2 centimeters , though Gerdes says the margin will be closer to 1 meter on the mountain .
Wheel - speed sensors and an accelerometer measure its velocity and a gyroscope controls equilibrium and direction .
The algorithms that make it all work run on hardware developed by Sun Microsystems .
“ The computational power needed to do this is less than you ’d find in your laptop , ” Hernandez said .
Redundant systems ensure a measure of safety , and Shelley can shut itself down if the system detects a problem .
The car also transmits real - time data to the team , which can shut it down from up to 20 miles away .
Audi set up a dirt oval about the length and width of a football field and let us ride shotgun for half a dozen laps ( video at top of post ) .
Although there was a grad student behind the wheel , he was there only to monitor test data and hit the kill switch should things go sideways .
Shelley accelerated to about 40 mph —
Audi would n’t push harder with a journalist in the car — fast enough to push us back in the seat .
The car applied the brakes as it approached the first turn and nailed the apex .
It swept through the curve at 25 mph just at the limits of adhesion .
The back end broke loose once , but Shelley quickly counter - steered to bring things back in line .
The ride was as exhilarating as it was amazing , and could only be much more so at a race pace .
Shelley hit 130 mph at the Bonneville Salt Flats , and the team hopes to top 150 later this spring at El Mirage in Southern California .
“ We ’re developing the car to drive itself right at the very limits of its performance , ” Gerdes said .
The question , of course , is why .
Audi believes autonomous systems could make cars safer , easier and more fun to drive .
It is n’t trying to remove the driver from the equation .
Rather , it wants to create a car that can take over when you get in over your head .
If , for example , you hit a patch of black ice , the car could take corrective measures to keep you from going off the road .
Or if you blow it on a downhill double - apex turn , the car could bring itself back in line .
“ The safety aspects of this technology are very important to us , ” Huhnke said .
And that , Gerdes said , is why Audi is testing the technology on Pikes Peak .
“ We ’re modeling this on a race car , ” he said , “ because we want to design a system that can assist even the best drivers . ”
Photos : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
More photos below .
See Also :
Although the back of the car is loaded with electronics , the components that actually interface with the Audi ’s control systems would fit in a shoebox .
The interior is bone stock , except for the big red kill switch in front of the gearshift .
It ’s mounted where the cigarette lighter would go .
Mick Kritayakirana , a mechanical engineering doctoral candidate at Stanford , keeps close watch on Shelley during testing .
The car transmits real - time data to the team , which can shut the car down remotely from as far as 20 miles away .
The odds are this car can drive itself harder and better than you could drive it .
From the American Trucking Association : ATA Truck Tonnage Index Fell 0.5 Percent in February
Click on graph for slightly larger image in new window .
The American Trucking Associations ’ advance seasonally adjusted ( SA ) For -Hire Truck Tonnage Index decreased 0.5 percent in February , following a revised 1.9 percent increase in January [ revised down from 3.1 % ] .
The latest drop put the SA index at 108.5 ( 2000=100 ) , down from 109.1 in January .
...
Compared with February 2009 , SA tonnage increased 2.6 percent , which was the third consecutive year - over - year gain .
For the first two months of 2010 , SA tonnage was up 3.5 percent compared with the same period last year .
For all of 2009 , the tonnage index contracted 8.7 percent , which was the largest annual decrease since 1982 .
ATA Chief Economist Bob Costello said that the February tonnage reading is difficult to interpret because of the severe winter storms that impacted truck freight movements during the month , particularly on the East Coast .
...
Trucking serves as a barometer of the U.S. economy , representing nearly 69 percent of tonnage carried by all modes of domestic freight transportation , including manufactured and retail goods .
Trucks hauled 10.2 billion tons of freight in 2008 .
Motor carriers collected $ 660.3 billion , or 83.1 percent of total revenue earned by all transport modes .
Trucking is a coincident indicator for the economy , but the snow makes it difficult to tell about February .
The Definitive Guide to the Iraqi Elections
“ It ’s good to be the king , ” Mel Brooks famously intoned in the 1981 film History of the World , Part I .
What is often forgotten is that Brooks was portraying French King Louis XVI — who would soon be found guilty of treason and executed by guillotine in 1793 .
As Iraq approaches its March 7 parliamentary election , Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki can no doubt relate :
While he currently sits at the top of the political hierarchy , a diverse array of opponents have assembled coalitions in an attempt to unseat him .
Maliki ’s “ State of Law ” coalition , which bases its appeal on a continuation of the security gains that the country has enjoyed since 2007 , still remains strong .
By shucking off the religious Shiite parties and adopting a more nationalistic discourse , Maliki has charted a course that , for many Iraqis , has represented a clean break from the sectarian violence that shook Iraq from 2003 to 2007 .
But Maliki ’s erstwhile allies are n’t taking rejection lightly .
Each of the individual members of the Iraqi National Alliance ( INA ) , which the Shiite parties formed to oppose him , ca n’t match his electoral weight — but taken together , they represent a formidable threat .
They have also revitalized their support by loudly backing the efforts of Ahmed Chalabi ’s de-Baathification commission , which has disqualified hundreds of prominent Sunni candidates from the election .
By raising fears of a resurgent Baath Party and thereby stoking sectarian sentiment , the INA aims to pull voters in Shiite strongholds such as Karbala and Najaf back into its arms .
If the INA is attacking Maliki ’s credentials as a Shiite leader , the prime minister also faces a challenge of his nonsectarian , national security bona fides in the form of former interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi .
Allawi’s al - Iraqiyya coalition originally seemed to be the most credible nonsectarian alliance , including Shiite and Sunni parties of equal strength .
But al - Iraqiyya has been hobbled by the exclusion of its candidates by the de-Baathification commission , and the INA - fueled increase in sectarian tension poses the greatest risk to Allawi ’s electoral prospects .
Meanwhile , the Kurdish parties have stood outside this conflict , waiting for the dust to settle .
They will hold at least 43 seats , out of the 325 seats in the Iraqi parliament , and will present a unified front on the national stage .
Their key concerns are the status of the contested city of Kirkuk , claimed by the Kurdistan regional government , and the Kurdish share in oil revenues .
Should a governing coalition hope to add the Kurds to its ranks , it will have to bow on these wedge issues .
What follows is the definitive guide to the parties and coalitions that will shape the future of Iraqi politics .
While the central players usually hog the media spotlight , Iraq also has a bewildering array of smaller political parties representing minor ethnic groups , or political trends that have fallen by the wayside in recent years .
On the final page of its guide FP delves into the fringes of the Iraqi political world .
State of Law Coalition
Maliki ’s coalition aims to convince voters that it can best restore stability to Iraq — but that it also represents the Shiite identity of his core supporters .
This dual task has required some fancy political footwork : Maliki has been largely supportive of the de-Baathification efforts led by the INA , but he has also recently announced the reinstatement of 20,000 army officers who served under Saddam .
Party : Islamic Dawa
Leadership : Nouri al - Maliki ( prime minister of Iraq )
Main constituency : Shiite
Power centers : Baghdad , Basra , Qadisiyah , Wasit
History : The Islamic Dawa has secured its place atop the fractured Iraqi political scene after years of infighting and turmoil .
According to its official history , Dawa was founded in 1957 in the holy city of Najaf .
Somewhat ironically , its identity was originally forged in part by Muhammad Baqir al - Sadr , one of the most influential Shiite religious figures of the era and father - in - law of current Shiite firebrand Moqtada al - Sadr , who hoped to inject Shiite Islamic values into the secular politics of the era .
By the 1970s , cornered both ideologically and politically by the ruling Baath Party , Dawa began to evolve into a revolutionary movement with an increasingly militaristic bent .
Following the Iranian Revolution , Dawa built close ties with the Islamic Republic of Iran , which supported the movement in its guerrilla war against Saddam Hussein .
With Saddam deposed in 2003 , Dawa turned its attention back to politicking .
This was an uphill battle at first :
The party had earned respect among Shiites for its war against Saddam , but its leadership did not have the same degree of clerical support as its rivals and suffered from internal divisions , and so was eclipsed by rival Shia movements such as the Supreme Council of the Islamic Revolution in Iraq ( SCIRI ) and the followers of Moqtada al - Sadr .
Fortunately , however , these other groups split the Shiite vote in the 2005 parliamentary election , and the subsequent competition between SCIRI and the Sadrists led to the selection of two successive Dawa leaders , Ibrahim al - Jaafari and Nouri al - Maliki , as prime minister .
Maliki cleverly took advantage of improvements in Iraq ’s security situation starting in 2007 to broaden his party ’s base .
Maliki has savvily balanced his role as the leader of a religious Shiite party with the need to remain a nonsectarian leader committed to the re-establishment of the rule of law in Iraq .
He was rewarded with a strong showing in the 2009 provincial elections and subsequently formed the new “ State of Law ” coalition , which broke off from his old Shiite allies , to contest the March 7 election .
Party : Anbar Salvation National Front
Leadership : Sheikh Ali Hatem al - Suleiman
Main constituency : Sunni
Power center : Anbar
History : Sheikh Ali Hatem al - Suleiman is a leader of the 5 million members of the Dulaim tribe in Iraq , the largest tribal grouping in Anbar province .
He was one of the tribal sheikhs who played a pivotal role in the Anbar Awakening , which drove al Qaeda out of the western Iraqi province .
The major figures of the Awakening movement — Sheikh Hatem , Sheikh Hamid al - Heyes , and Ahmed Abu Risha — had split apart by 2008 and joined different coalitions .
In joining Maliki ’s coalition , Hatem is pinning his hopes on the Iraqi prime minister to deliver the nonsectarian leadership that he promised , which would be a welcome change for Sunnis after years of marginalization following the collapse of Saddam ’s rule .
Party : Independent Arab Movement
Leadership : Abd Mutlaq al - Jabbouri
Main constituency : Sunni
Power center : Kirkuk region
History : Jabbouri exists uneasily in the State of Law coalition .
The former president of the Iraqi Arab Gathering , which broke up in 2009 following the collapse of the umbrella group Iraqi Accord Front ( Tawafuq ) , Jabbouri is a Sunni and an Arab nationalist .
His presence in the coalition represents his faith that Maliki will actually deliver on nonsectarian leadership — and he has warned the prime minister that his movement will quit the alliance if Maliki cuts a deal with the more rigid Shiite elements of the Iraqi political world , represented by the Iraqi National Alliance .
Jabbouri is from the Sunni Arab village of Huwija , near the contested city of Kirkuk .
Consequently , he has bolstered his Arab nationalist credentials by taking the lead in opposing Kurdish attempts to integrate the city into the Kurdistan Regional Government .
He has criticized the compromise election law passed by the Iraqi parliament in November 2009 , citing fears that Arab and Turkmen voters will be disenfranchised in the upcoming election due to voter fraud by the Kurdish - dominated local government .
Jabbouri went so far as to call for a boycott of the parliamentary election in Kirkuk , but later backed down from this position .
Although there has been some friction , Jabbouri has so far defended his decision to join Maliki ’s coalition .
“ I may have lost my standing among Sunni extremists , but I have gained standing among Iraqis , ” he said in February .
Iraqi National Alliance
The Iraqi National Alliance stormed to victory in the December 2005 election , winning 130 out of the 275 seats in parliament .
Today , the party is a shadow of its former self .
Maliki has left the coalition , and the remaining parties have seen their popularity drop precipitously .
Maliki ’s decision to form his own coalition was less a principled political stand than a judgment based on cold political math :
He demanded a larger share of the seats that the INA would win in the coming elections than the other members of the coalition were willing to provide .
However , rumors of a
coming post-election rapprochement between the two groups persist .
Party : Islamic Supreme Council in Iraq ( ISCI )
Leadership : Ammar al - Hakim
Constituency : Shiite
Power centers : Najaf , Basra , Maysan
History : Like its sparring partner , Dawa , ISCI is a venerable Shiite group with ties to Iran — though ISCI claims closer ties than Dawa’s .
The party has been going through significant changes recently :
First , the party took a drubbing in the 2009 provincial elections , winning only 7.7 percent of the vote .
Then Abdul Aziz al - Hakim , the group ’s leader , died last August , passing the reins to his still - untested son , Ammar al - Hakim .
The ISCI has been a member of the Iraqi National Alliance since it was founded as an umbrella coalition of the major Shiite parties to contest the 2005 parliamentary election .
However , Hakim is now trying to turn things around by transitioning the party ’s agenda to more closely align with Iraq ’s changing circumstances .
He has dropped a proposal for an autonomous Shiite region in the south , similar to the Kurdistan Regional Government , to more closely reflect Maliki ’s vision of a strong , centralized Iraq , and promised other reforms aimed at broadening ISCI ’s political appeal beyond Shiite religious voters .
But , given the overwhelmingly Shiite makeup of the Iraqi National Alliance and ISCI ’s longstanding demagoguery surrounding the issue of de-Baathification , which it views as a way of excluding prominent Sunni leaders from the political process , the success of these reforms are far from guaranteed .
Party : Sadrist movement
Leadership : Moqtada al - Sadr
Constituency : Shiite
Power centers : Dhi Qar , Maysan , Baghdad ’s Sadr City
History :
The idea of reviving the Shiite umbrella coalition from the 2005 parliamentary election actually belongs to Sadr , who first broached the idea in a speech in Qom , Iran , in February 2009 .
Following the collapse of Saddam ’s regime in 2003 , Moqtada al - Sadr became the bête noire of the U.S. forces occupying Iraq .
His political movement — and armed militia — has long exerted extensive influence through Iraq ’s southern provinces and in the Sadr City neighborhood of Baghdad .
But after the Maliki government sent troops to liberate Basra from Sadr ’s Mahdi Army in March 2008 , Sadr ’s fortunes took a turn for the worse .
Since that offensive , which was aided by militiamen from ISCI ’s Badr corps , Sadr has increasingly retreated from the public eye .
Some say he has been continuing his religious study in Iran in an attempt to gain a level of theological gravitas appropriate for a religious Shiite leader .
Party : National Reform Movement
Leadership : Ibrahim al - Jaafari
Constituency : Shiite
Power center : Maysan
History : Jaafari is this election ’s would - be comeback kid .
A longtime member of Dawa , he served as Iraq ’s prime minister in 2005 and 2006 .
But the United States eventually grew disenchanted with his accomplishments while in office — viewing him as too beholden to Iran and insufficiently capable of resolving the security situation — and eased Maliki into the position .
As Maliki ’s star rose , Jaafari steadily lost clout within the Dawa leadership and disappeared from public view .
In 2008 , Jaafari formed the National Reform Movement as a vehicle for his political renaissance .
But Jafaari - mentum has been hard to come by :
The party garnered single - digit support in the provinces that it contested in the 2009 Iraqi provincial elections , winning its largest share in the southeastern Maysan province , where it took 8.7 percent of the vote .
Jaafari has taken a harder line on the issue of Kirkuk than some of his allies , criticizing Ammar al - Hakim for visiting Kurdistan in January 2010 .
While Maliki has taken Dawa in a more secular direction , Jaafari has followed the precisely opposite path : “ Oh , Hussein , here we come to your aid , ” reads one of his campaign posters , referencing the Shiite martyr whose death marked the beginning of the Sunni - Shiite rift .
Party : Iraqi National Congress
Leadership : Ahmed Chalabi
Constituency : Shiite
Power center : Baghdad
History : Chalabi has slunk into the race , a highly partisan but still crucial figure .
His history is , of course , dubious : Chalabi founded the Iraqi National Congress in 1992 with strong CIA backing , to unite Iraqi opposition groups against Saddam .
By 1996 , the CIA had grown disillusioned with his intelligence and cut ties .
However , Chalabi retained support in certain hawkish corners of the U.S. government and following the U.S. invasion in 2003 , he was appointed to a number of significant posts in the fledgling Iraqi regime .
One of those positions was as head of the Accountability and Justice Commission , the body that leads Iraq ’s de-Baathification efforts .
Although the Iraqi parliament passed a law in 2008 that called for revisions to the commission ’s mandate and the appointment of a new board , it neglected to actually appoint these new members .
In the absence of a functional replacement , the old commission has continued its work , despite its questionable legal standing .
Chalabi and his ally Ali Faisal al - Lami , the executive director of the commission , are now using the commission to prohibit some of Iraq ’s most prominent Sunni leaders from running in the election for their alleged ties to the banned Baath Party .
Although Chalabi will not deliver a significant number of votes to the INA , he has given his coalition an agenda :
The de-Baathification issue has been used by ISCI , the Sadrists , and Jaafari to heighten sectarian tensions in the hopes that Shiite voters will turn to the sectarian parties for protection .
AHMAD AL - RUBAYE /AFP / Getty Images
Al - Iraqiyya Coalition
Although former interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi fell on hard times following his poor showing in the 2005 parliamentary election , he has assembled an impressive number of allies to contest the coming polld .
He has focused on a security message and also called for Iraq ’s reintegration into the Arab world , exemplified by his recent visit to Saudi Arabia .
This message struck a chord with many Iraqis , but it might all be undone by the de-Baathification campaign led by the Iraqi National Alliance .
Party : Iraqi National Accord
Leadership : Ayad Allawi
Constituency : Nonsectarian , nationalist
Power centers : Baghdad , Diyala , Salah al - Din
History : Ayad Allawi may have suffered the most from his cousin Chalabi ’s de-Baathification efforts .
His coalition , a nonsectarian blend of Sunni and Shiite with a message focused on law and order , is in tatters because of it .
Allawi founded the Iraqi National Accord in 1991 , following the Gulf War , as an opposition group composed of former Baathists and military officials .
The goal was to foment a coup against Saddam by rallying disaffected elements within the Iraqi Army .
Like Chalabi , Allawi was a favorite of the CIA .
Unlike Chalabi , he remained on relatively good terms with the United States — on June 28 , 2004 , he was appointed as Iraq ’s interim prime minister , a position in which he served until the January 2005 elections .
Allawi is a Shiite but , as his party was initially made up of Baathists , much of its leadership is Sunni .
Allawi ’s list made a surprisingly strong showing in the 2009 governate election , a feat that he will attempt to duplicate in the coming campaign .
However , his coalition has been hobbled by the de-Baathification efforts of Chalabi ’s Iraqi National Alliance , which disqualified 72 of al - Iraqiyya ’s candidates .
Allawi hit back by referring to members of his cousin ’s Accountability and Justice Commission as operating a “ secret police ” in Iraq and initially threatened to withdraw from the election unless the ban on his primary Sunni ally , Saleh al - Mutlaq of the Iraqi Front for National Dialogue , was lifted .
However , he has since retreated from those remarks .
Party : Iraqi Front for National Dialogue
Leadership : Saleh al - Mutlaq
Constituency : Sunni
Power centers : Anbar , Diyala
History : One of Iraq ’s most important Sunni politicians , Mutlaq is an ex-Baathist who left the party in 1977 — though many Iraqis are n’t convinced that he ever fully broke from his former cohort .
He openly courts Saddam ’s former supporters , saying that he “ was proud of so many of the [ Baath ] party ’s achievements in education , agriculture , and industry . ”
Mutlaq was the most prominent figure excluded from the election by the de-Baathification commission — a major blow to the al - Iraqiyya alliance and to hopes that the 2010 election would improve relations among Iraq ’s sectarian communities .
Mutlaq denounced his disqualification as an “ Iranian intervention ” and initially pulled his party out of the election .
However , his supporters , fearful of repeating the disastrous Sunni boycott of the 2005 parliamentary election , convinced him to reverse his decision .
Mutlaq has advanced an Arab nationalist agenda that tends to play down sectarian divisions .
As one of the top Sunni negotiators responsible for drawing up the new Iraqi Constitution in 2005 , he resisted Shiite and Kurdish calls for a federal system .
He has also been a vocal opponent of Kurdish claims over Kirkuk , and the importance of this issue is a reason why Arab Sunnis like Mutlaq cannot afford to boycott the election , which would diminish their position in negotiations over the final status of the city .
MARWAN IBRAHIM /AFP / Getty Images
Iraqi Unity Alliance
Party : Constitution Party
Leadership : Jawad al - Bolani
Constituency : Secular Shiite
Power center : Maysan , Wasit
History : Bolani is a smart but small - bore politician with little to distinguish himself from Maliki , who is running on a similar campaign platform .
He kicked off his campaign with an op-ed in the Washington Post that described his role as interior minister in Iraq ’s recent security improvements , and the problems still facing the country .
A Shia moderate with a reputation for political independence , Bolani is competing with Maliki and Allawi for those Iraqis who prioritize a cross-sectarian law - and - order message .
Most recently , Bolani has announced the expulsion from Iraq of 250 former employees from the security contractor Blackwater Worldwide .
Blackwater , now known as Xe , is widely distrusted in Iraq for its perceived indifference to Iraqi civilian casualties .
Bolani has maintained some ties with the Sadrists , who are a political force in his hometown of Amarah , in southeastern Iraq .
But his coalition , of which he is the only national figure , has also been hit hard by the de-Baathification effort — 67 candidates of the Iraqi Unity Alliance were excluded by the Accountability and Justice Commission .
Party : Awakening Council
Leadership : Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha
Constituency : Tribal Sunnis
Power center : Anbar
History : A key figure in the Anbar Awakening , Abu Risha has since worked to consolidate political power within the region ’s tribal power structure .
When the Anbar tribal sheikhs began to reconsider their alliance with al Qaeda in 2005 , Abu Risha ’s brother , Sheikh Abd- al - Sattar , was at the forefront of the movement that became known as the Anbar Salvation Council .
After Abd - al - Sattar ’s 2007 assassination , Ahmed was elected head of the organization .
But once the Awakening ended , the alliance of Sunni sheikhs fractured , and Abu Risha lacked his brother ’s charisma in holding them together .
That said , he still commands a significant degree of support in Anbar ; his party finished first in Iraq ’s 2009 governate election .
Abu Risha ’s slate has been heavily targeted by the de-Baathification commission ; he has said that seven of his candidates were disqualified by the board .
He had previously hinted that the exclusion of members of his party from the election could cause Sunni voters to boycott it .
Anbar voters “ will not care about the election , they will ignore it , maybe , if these decisions stands , ” he stated in January .
However , he has subsequently refrained from calling on his supporters to shun the election .
SABAH ARAR / AFP / Getty Images
The Kurdish Parties
Party : Kurdish Democratic Party
Leadership : Masoud Barzani
Constituency : Kurds
Power centers : North / West Kurdistan , Dohuk and Erbil governorates
History : After more than six decades , the Kurdish Democratic Party ( KDP ) remains the standard - bearer of Kurdish nationalism in Iraq .
Masoud Barzani ’s father Mullah Mustafa Barzani founded the party in 1946 , and the younger Barzani took over the leadership after his father ’s death in 1979 .
In 1997 , the KDP entered into a power - sharing agreement with its one - time rival , the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan ( PUK ) , which has more or less endured to this day .
The alliance allows the Kurds to present a united front vis-à - vis the central government in Baghdad .
In this election , however , the KDP has emerged as the dominant Kurdish party .
With the PUK fending off an assault from the Gorran splinter group , the KDP has had room to flex its muscles , assuming positions within the Kurdistan Regional Government and the central government in Baghdad traditionally held by the PUK .
Party : Patriotic Union of Kurdistan
Leadership : Jalal Talabani ( president of Iraq )
Constituency : Kurds
Power centers : South / East Kurdistan , Sulaimaniyah governorate
History : Kurdistan ’s second party , it has been led by Iraqi President Jalal Talabani since its creation in 1976 .
Its makeup is more secular and less tribal - based than the KDP .
But a recent splinter movement has cut the party in two and forced a crisis .
In early 2009 , former PUK leader Nusherwan Mustafa left the party , accusing it of corruption and hostility to reform , and formed the Gorran ( Change ) movement , which took a significant piece of the PUK vote in its traditional stronghold of Sulaimaniyah .
The PUK , which has adopted the slogan “ Renewal and Reform ” for this election , has tried to give every sign that it is learning from its past mistakes :
The party has established an “ internal integrity commission , ” and Talabani has disclosed his assets .
But if Gorran again posts strong results , more members of the PUK may defect to the new group — and there are rumors the KDP might rethink its traditional governing alliance if the PUK performs poorly , leaving this once - powerful party out in the cold .
Party : Gorran ( Change )
Leadership : Nusherwan Mustafa
Constituency : Kurds
Power centers : Sulaimaniyah , Kirkuk
History : Think of Gorran as the Tea Party movement of Kurdistan , only originating from within the Kurdish establishment and bent on electoral success .
The region ’s politics have been curdled through inertia : Kurdistan has been governed by the same two parties — both of which face charges of corruption — for the last 13 years .
Enter Gorran , formed by former PUK leader Nusherwan Mustafa , promising to clean house .
Formed barely over a year ago in February 2009 , Gorran posted impressive results only five months later in parliamentary elections held in Iraqi Kurdistan , winning 25 percent of the seats .
When faced with “ Kurdish ” issues , such as debates over oil revenue sharing or the final status of Kirkuk , Gorran can be expected to pool its votes with its two rivals against the Iraqi Arabs .
However , Gorran has pressed for important reforms to eliminate the corruption and nepotism that it says has long characterized the joint KDP - PUK rule of the Kurdistan Regional Government .
The coming election will give a sense of whether Gorran is becoming a major player in Kurdish politics , or is merely a flash in the pan .
SHWAN MOHAMMED /AFP / Getty Images
Fringe Parties
But that ’s not all !
Iraq also contains a mosaic of parties representing the interests of Iraq ’s smaller ethnic communities , or ideologies that have fallen into disfavor .
The Iraqi Communist Party and the country ’s remaining royalists embody political trends that once held great influence ; today , it appears time has passed them by .
The parties representing Iraq ’s Yazidi , Assyrian , or Shabak communities , on the other hand , face a natural ceiling to their influence , due to their communities ’ small and dwindling numbers .
However , when election day rolls around , the leaders of these parties will be watching the returns as carefully as Iraq ’s political heavyweights .
Party : Iraqi Constitutional Monarchy
Leadership : Sharif Ali bin al - Hussein
Main constituency : Sharif Ali bin al - Hussein
History :
In every democracy , there is someone who wants to be king .
Iraq overthrew its Hashemite monarchy in 1958 for good reason , but try telling that to Sharif Ali bin al - Hussein , who has repeatedly called for its restoration and , naturally , put himself forward as the heir to the throne .
His party advocates for a national referendum on the question of making Iraq a constitutional monarchy , believing that a royal head of state would be able to stand above partisan politics and act as a unifying force for the war - torn country .
The ICM ’s website leaves little doubt on its choice for future king — the section on al - Hussein reads like a résumé for the throne .
Perhaps even stranger is the glowing review the ICM gives the 1925 Iraqi Constitution , stating that Iraqis adopted the document “ after protracted negotiations in a form which was acceptable to them all ” — neglecting to mention that it was forced upon the country by Britain , the mandate power at the time .
Party : Iraqi Communist Party
Leadership : Hamid Majeed Mousa
Main constituency : Poor Shiites
Power centers : Baghdad , southern Iraq
History : Iraq ’s communist party has seen better days .
Although it is still respected as Iraq ’s oldest political party , formed in 1934 and one of the major resistance groups during Saddam Hussein ’s rule , it has not managed to attract an electoral following .
The group managed to survive constant crackdowns during Saddam ’s rule , and its house organ Tareeq al - Shaab was the first independent paper to publish in Baghdad after the fall of Saddam .
However , the movement was finally crippled by the rise of religious Shiite parties , which cut into its traditional base among poor and minority voters .
Despite the U.S. hostility to communism and the Iraqi Communist Party ’s opposition to the 2003 invasion , the party was offered , and then accepted , a spot on the interim Iraqi Governing Council .
But in both regional and national elections since then , the party has posted dismal returns .
Party : Yazidi Movement for Reform and Progress
Leadership : Amin Farhan
Main constituency : Yazidis
Power centers : Nineveh , Dohuk Province
History :
One of the many minorities of northern Iraq , the Yazidis boast they maintain the oldest calendar in the world , dating back some 6,759 years .
They are adherents to a religion that is a mixture of Hinduism , Zoroastrianism , and Sufi Islam , and they worship a divine peacock .
Following the 2003 invasion , some Yazidis appeared to have a perspective on the capabilities of the U.S. forces that exceeded even that of the Bush administration ’s most fervent neocons .
“ We believed that Jesus Christ was coming with a force from overseas to save us , ” stated one Yazidi tribal leader .
Another asked for the U.S. Army to park a tank in front of his house “ forever . ”
Yazidis are concentrated in the Nineveh province , which has been a frequent site of Kurdish - Arab tensions , and they have often been caught in the middle of this dispute :
They have been targeted by al Qaeda - aligned Arab militias , and have also been victims of peshmerga attempts to “ Kurdify ” the region .
Yazidis have either thrown their weight behind the Kurdish parties or struck out on their own .
The Yezidi Movement for Reform and Progress has been the most successful independent group , winning a seat in the Iraqi parliament in the 2005 elections and garnering over 6,000 votes in the 2009 Nineveh provincial election .
Party : Assyrian Democratic Movement
Leadership : Yonadam Kanna
Main constituency : Ethnic Assyrians
Power center : Nineveh
History : The Assyrian Democratic Movement is competing for the five seats in the Iraqi parliament designated for Iraqi Christians .
Representing Assyrians , Chaldeans , and Syriacs , it is the only Assyrian party with current membership in parliament ( Yonadam Kanna , the party head ) .
Boasting one of the most user - friendly websites of the minor Iraqi parties , the ADM appears to be running a FUBU - like campaign , referring to its electoral list as “ by our people and for our people . ”
The party ’s platform stresses the importance of Article 125 of the Iraqi Constitution , which guarantees “ the administrative , political , cultural , and educational rights of the various nationalities , such as Turkomen , Chaldeans , Assyrians . ”
Kanna has done extensive outreach to the Assyrian diaspora , including a lengthy swing through Assyrian communities in Europe and the United States .
He has called for Iraq to be a secular country — a savvy move for a Christian living in an overwhelmingly Muslim nation .
He explained his reason for reaching out to the diaspora in an interview with the Turlock Journal , in Turlock , Calif . : “ Today , the world is a small village . ”
Party : Shabak Democratic Party
Leadership : Dr. Hunain Mahmoud al - Qaddo
Main constituency : Ethnic Shabaks
Power center : Nineveh
History :
It ’s a sad fate to be a tiny ethnic minority in Iraq .
Shabaks , a largely Shiite ethnic group in northern Iraq , are reserved one seat in the Iraqi parliament .
However , the Kurdish authorities in Iraq ’s northern provinces have long claimed the Shabak are ethnic Kurds .
Needless to say , Shabaks are n’t thrilled with that assessment — al - Qaddo has said the attempted Kurdization of the Shabaks is a “ political goal . ”
Visiting the Shabak Democratic Party ’s website is an adventure in political sensationalism .
The bouncing text , reminiscent of a PowerPoint presentation gone horribly wrong , warns of “ an ethnic group dying out , ” and “ greeving tears of blood flow . ”
The rotating photographs alternately show nationalistic rallies and appallingly violent images of people murdered by , if one trusts the captions , “ terrorists ” and “ Kurdish militias . ”
AHMAD AL - RUBAYE /AFP / Getty Images
Mr. Greenfield , the Pali Capital analyst , says that these moves have potential  especially if MySpace can convince members to put clips from Fox movies , television programs and other youth - oriented " content " on their profile pages .
" I do n't know how big a business this can be , but it can clearly be a lot bigger than it is today , " he said .
" The question is : Can you take it to the next level by making a business that leverages all the consumers who are telling you what they want to do ? "
Another question is this :
Can the News Corporation achieve these goals if the executives in charge do n't agree on how to do so , or even on whether they want to ?
Mr. Levinsohn , for example , said he saw opportunity in the one million bands that have established profiles on MySpace ; he said MySpace could charge bands to promote concerts or to sell their songs directly through the site .
In an interview the next day , however , Mr. DeWolfe dismissed the idea .
" Music brings a lot of traffic into MySpace , " he said , " and it lets us sell very large sponsorships to those brands that want to reach consumers who are interested in music .
We never thought charging bands was a viable business model . "
Mr. Levinsohn brushed aside the discord , saying it was appropriate for the people running MySpace to be more concerned at this point about serving users than making money .
And , for now , Mr. DeWolfe and Mr. Anderson say they are happy working for the News Corporation and Mr. Murdoch , its 75 - year - old chairman and chief executive .
" Rupert Murdoch blew me away , " Mr. DeWolfe said .
" He really understands what youth is doing today . "
BY many accounts , the MySpace culture reflects the style of Mr. DeWolfe , who has a hard - nosed business approach under a laid - back exterior .
" Chris is a very strong personality , " said Geoff Yang , a partner in Redpoint Ventures , which invested in MySpace last year as part of an effort to separate it from Intermix ; the News Corporation 's acquisition of Intermix thwarted that effort .
" He will listen to a lot of ideas , make up his mind and be laser - focused to get a few of them done . "
Mr. DeWolfe , who focuses on business affairs , and Mr. Anderson , who designs features for the site , have deliberately kept MySpace rudimentary , with an almost homemade feeling , to give the most flexibility to users .
In spirit , the site reflects its Southern Californian home with all of its idiosyncratic performers , designers , demicelebrities and other cultural hustlers , many of whom the founders recruited to be early members .
Mr. DeWolfe , in particular , is a fan of Los Angeles nightlife and has become something of a public figure himself .
" Chris has become this living persona of MySpace , " said Mr. Brewer , who recalled a trip to Aspen , Colo. , with Mr. Anderson and Mr. DeWolfe last December .
" Chris is wearing an awesome leather jacket , some sort of designer shirt , with his hair all over the place .
He has this whole rock - star persona .
And you hear people going : ' Psst , psst .
That 's the MySpace guy . ' "
