Friday , September 14 , 2007
How Web 2.0 Died
SAN FRANCISCO , CALIFORNIA ( AP / Satire ) - A bug in a computer network today unleashed a domino effect onto the whole internet , destroying large parts of what is known as “ web 2.0 ” to the community around it .
It all started when an anonymous user added the millionth tag to Tggr.net , a new site dedicated to add tags to tags .
Still in Beta , the site was n’t able to cope with displaying such a huge tag cloud , triggering its self - destruction .
This single incident took down several other Beta , Alpha and Gamma social networks accessing the Tggr API .
News of this devastation in turn created a storm of submissions to social news aggregators like Digg and Reddit , causing their databases to overflow and shut down while losing most of the previously stored data .
“ There are [ a lot of ] valuable digg comments which disappeared forever , ” one Digg user by the name of LOLsamurai stated on his surviving Geocities homepage .
“ Future generations will never know how much fun we had getting into [ arguments ] over misspellings , blogspam , or submissions in the wrong categories and the like . ”
A coincidentally timed mass - deletion of all Firefox code branches since version 0.3 in the meantime caused the latest release of this popular web browser to ship without JavaScript , a language many 2.0 websites employ for basic functionality .
“ I wanted to send in a bug report to the Firefox team but I was n’t able to get into my new Microsoft Windows Live Hotmail 2.0 Beta account , ” a source close to the issue stated .
“ I went back to Outlook , which is actually working remarkably fine , and starts up a lot faster too . ”
According to industry experts the so - called “ desktop program ” Outlook is not utilizing any AJAX at this time , and went out of Beta before release .
“ We might have predicted that the whole thing was n’t very sustainable , ” says Kevin Rose , founder of one of the social news networks suffering from the crisis , “ It was n’t programmed very well , mostly PHP , and in the end it just was n’t really thought through . ”
Kevin argues however that the 2.0 bubble burst might be healthy for the industry , and is keen to move on to MetaDigg , a site aimed to aggregate and vote on news submitted to various social news aggregators .
“ There are still too many people who actually read the news stories , and then get active outside their homes to implement real change , instead of helping us push relevant headlines to the top .
We need more human filters and smart mobs , we ’re all missing out on a whole lot of interesting news bits these days . ”
Susan Tolwinsk , a Ruby programmer from Portland , Oregon , who does n’t own an iPhone , says today she decided to shut down the computer to go outside to get “ a coffee , and a break . ”
Her PC , Susan stated , was running for the 3rd consecutive year as she was in the final stages of releasing an ad-powered and invite - only maps mashup integrating AJAX todo lists , but Susan realized that “ most people actually only have 8 , 9 items max on their todo lists , and evolution allowed us to store that amount of items in our brains , natively . ”
Asked about what might replace web 2.0 , Susan argues it ’s time to “ go back to web 1.0 ” as that “ pretty much worked , ” though she suggests for marketing and adoption purposes the moniker “ web 3.0 ” may be more appropriate .
Incidentally , video sharing site YouTube was not affected by today ’s outage .
The site made news last month when all but 29 of its users moved on to the next online fad , leaving internet giant Google in the dust with its $ 1.6 billion investment .
“ We have a lot of free servers , a lot of CPU cycles now , ” a Google spokesperson stated on the phone explaining the company was now “ ready , and piling the necessary cash ” to follow the online in - crowd jump on the next bandwagon , whereever that may be .
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Granted , computer terminology is frequently complicated and misleading .
But should n't people know what they own ?
Customer : " I have a 386 Pentium . "
Customer : " My brother has a 486 with a Pentium chip in it . "
Friend : " What have you got in there ? "
" What have you got in there ? "
Me : " A Pentium III 800 . "
" A Pentium III 800 . "
Friend : " What , is that like five mice ? "
Tech Support : " What type of systems do you have ? "
" What type of systems do you have ? "
Customer : " I have four .
A Pentium 200 , a Pentium 66 , a Pentium 33 , and a laptop . "
" I have four .
A Pentium 200 , a Pentium 66 , a Pentium 33 , and a laptop . "
Tech Support : " I do n't think Intel ever made a Pentium 33 . "
" I do n't think Intel ever made a Pentium 33 . "
Customer : " It 's a 486 Pentium . "
" It 's a 486 Pentium . "
Tech Support : " Um , did you mean to say 486SX or 486DX ? "
" Um , did you mean to say 486SX or 486DX ? "
Customer : " It 's a 486 DX Pentium . "
Tech Support : " How fast is your modem ? "
" How fast is your modem ? " Customer : " I do n't know , it 's got a Pentium chip in it . "
Tech Support : " What operating system are you running ? "
" What operating system are you running ? " Customer : " Pentium . "
While working in a small computer store one day I had a customer walk quickly into the store and right up to the counter .
Customer : " I want to buy a mainframe . "
" I want to buy a mainframe . "
Me : ( playing along with the " joke " ) " I think I have a couple of them out back . "
( playing along with the " joke " ) " I think I have a couple of them out back . "
Customer : " Good .
I need a mainframe because I want to learn how to program in COBOL .
I 'd prefer a Pentium mainframe , if you have one of those . "
Customer : " Does my PC support a Pentilum 3 ? "
When working at a computer chain store , I had to keep a straight face while this guy kept calling the ( new at the time ) Pentium processors " Pentootium " processors .
Customer : " I want a Penitum processor , because those Pentiums are just no good . "
Customer : " The computer i have now is a Pentium Hewlitt - Packard Bell . "
" The computer i have now is a Pentium Hewlitt - Packard Bell . "
Tech Support : " Are you sure it 's not just a Hewlitt - Packard or maybe a Packard Bell ? "
" Are you sure it 's not just a Hewlitt - Packard or maybe a Packard Bell ? "
Customer : " Are n't they the same thing ? "
" Are n't they the same thing ? " Tech Support : " No , they are different . "
" No , they are different . "
Customer : " Oh , then maybe its a Pentium Bell . "
" Oh , then maybe its a Pentium Bell . "
Tech Support : " Ok . "
" Ok . " Customer : " It has a Pentium III 166 in it . "
Customer : " I do n't want one of those systems based on the cellulite processor . "
My friend and I were comparing computers .
My Friend : " What kind of processor do you have ? "
" What kind of processor do you have ? "
Me : " A [ name of processor ] . "
" A [ name of processor ] . "
My Friend : " Oh , me too . "
" Oh , me too . "
Another Guy : " Hey , I have a word processor ! "
Tech Support : " Ok , when the machine reboots , hit the ' del ' key a few times .
You should see a blue screen . "
" Ok , when the machine reboots , hit the ' del ' key a few times .
You should see a blue screen . "
Customer : " Ok , it tells me that I am in the Cosmos setup . "
Customer : " I have a US Robotics Sportscaster modem . "
Customer : " I have a teer to teer network . "
Customer : " I 'm in 386 enchanted mode . "
A user called and demanded that his Windows 3.11 environment be changed from " 386 Enhanced " to " Pentium Enhanced " since he felt he was " not getting the full potential " of his Pentium .
Customer : " It 's a problem with Tcipx / ipspx . "
Customer : " What is this PUNKZIP thing ? "
Customer : " My computer 's telling me I performed an illegal abortion . "
Customer : " My computer just violated me ! "
Often when I get people to try pinging a web site to determine connectivity , they read the " Ping Statistics " at the end of the results as " Ping Statics . "
Once , a woman read it to me as " Ping satisfaction . "
My Mom : " Oh , [ name ] 's computer crashed . "
" Oh , [ name ] 's computer crashed . "
My Dad : " Really ? "
" Really ? " My Mom : " Yep , she lost all of her files and everything . "
" Yep , she lost all of her files and everything . "
My Dad : " What , did it fall off a table or something ? "
Received by email :
Dear Creater of this good game , I like your game and I wish I could play it more but I can't .
I could play it just fine the very first times I tried .
But now I cant cause I put in a name and password it loads like for 5 minutes then a BRRIINNNK noise pops my speakers and a word thing popped up and said something wierd like Operation Collapsed or something like that .
Please write me back !!!
A quote from a badly written piece of software : " You can click the OK plate if you wish to continue , but you can click the CANCEL plate if you wish to cancel . "
I work in the tech support department of an ISP .
You would n't believe the number of people who pronounce " Eudora " as " Endora . "
Tech Support : " What version of Eudora are you using ? "
" What version of Eudora are you using ? " Customer : " Navigator 3.0 . "
Customer : " Have you ever heard about ' Mozarella Firefox ' ? "
Tech Support : " Now , go back to your desktop . "
" Now , go back to your desktop . "
Customer : " I do n't have a desktop .
I have a laptop . "
Customer : " So do I go to Word or Excel to start XP ? "
Customer : " I have an original Adidas PC . "
Overheard at the office :
" Someone has a hexadecimal exitor ? "
Tech Support : " What type of computer do you own ? "
" What type of computer do you own ? " Customer : " I do n't know .
I just bought it . "
Tech Support : " What kind of Mac do you have ? "
" What kind of Mac do you have ? "
Customer : " It 's the kind that sits on my desk ... not one of the newer ones . "
Tech Support : " What kind of modem do you have ? "
" What kind of modem do you have ? "
Customer : " Oh , it 's a 486 . "
" Oh , it 's a 486 . " Tech Support : " No , that 's the kind of computer you have .
Ok , how much memory do you have ? "
" No , that 's the kind of computer you have .
Ok , how much memory do you have ? "
Customer : " It 's supposed to have one gigabyte . "
[ Note : This anecdote took place back when the average amount of RAM a computer would have was on the order of 4 megs . ]
A friend of mine was talking to me recently about what kind of new computer he could get when he started college , what specs he would want , if I would help put it together , etc .
My Friend : " Will a 1.5 gigahertz hard drive be enough ? "
" Will a 1.5 gigahertz hard drive be enough ? "
Me : " You mean CPU ? "
" You mean CPU ? " My Friend : " Sure .
My dad 's computer has a 1.7 gigahertz hard drive . "
" Sure .
My dad 's computer has a 1.7 gigahertz hard drive . "
Me : " Huh ? "
" Huh ? " My Friend : " Yeah , it 's pretty old . "
Overheard at a bus stop :
" That kid is so freakin ' retahded .
I had to explain what a CPU was .
It 's a computah .
You know , C - P - U...Com - Pu-Tah . "
I work for a big box electronics retailer .
I knew I was going to have a hard time with some customers when one of them asked , " How many BTUs are in that computer ? "
Somehow I doubted he was actually looking for an accurate measure of the machine 's heat output .
Customer : " It says I have 2 zillion bytes available , and I need 8 zillion . "
Tech Support : " Ok , in the lower left - hand corner of File Manager , what does it have for ' Free ' ? "
" Ok , in the lower left - hand corner of File Manager , what does it have for ' Free ' ? "
Customer : " 10,578 kegabytes . "
Customer : " Please put 60 nanoseconds of RAM in this computer . "
Friend : " Hey !
This one has 300 MHz of RAM ! ! "
I was talking with my dad about some problems he was having with sending email attachments .
In the course of the conversation , he said , " I have a 50 millibyte file , but it will only accept up to 25 millibytes . "
I did n't know they made file compression that powerful .
On the first computer we ever had , I was playing a text adventure and idly fiddling with the button on the floppy drive while I mulled things over .
My mother saw this as dangerous and told me , " Do n't go putting things in the computer hole . "
We live in Wisconsin , abbreviated WI .
I was helping my Mom buy a Wi -Fi router when she asked , " Is it called the same thing in Illinois ? "
Customer : " I would like Adobe . "
Customer : " I 'm about to get on a plane .
Is it ok for Office to go through the X - ray machine ? "
I spotted a garage sale with some computer equipment on a table , so I went over to investigate .
There was an old dot matrix printer , an amber screen monitor , and what appeared to be an IBM XT .
The lady who was running the garage sale noticed me looking at her equipment and came over .
Her : " Hey , are you interested in buying that ?
It 's a full computer , still works .
It 's got a color modem and everything . "
I 'm new to computers , and a little while back I was talking to someone who claimed to be a PC tech .
Having recently found out what a processor actually was , I asked her what its number meant .
She said , " That 's your memory , " and began an explanation of RAM .
Thinking she misunderstood the question , I clarified with , " When someone says ' Pentium 266 , ' what does ' 266 ' mean ? "
She replied happily , " Oh , you mean your operating system ! "
I laughed , because I thought she had to be messing with a newbie 's mind , and said , " No , not Linux or Windows or anything like that .
I just want to know what that one number means . "
She looked very hurt and confused and walked away insisting that it was the OS .
I was just talking to a user who had been having problems with her machine -- it was losing its settings every time she turned it on .
Her : " I asked my boyfriend about it .
He knows about computers , and he said it sounds like it might need a new sea monster battery . "
It took me a while to figure out what she meant .
While in art school , where we mostly worked with Amigas and Macs , a Spanish exchange student asked me if I ever worked with MS - 2 .
I thought he meant OS / 2 but he did n't know what that was .
It took me some time to figure out that he meant MS - DOS .
" Dos " in Spanish means " two . "
Here 's a response that one of my colleagues sent to resolve an issue :
Thank you for contacting Technical Support ,
Regarding your login issue is now resolved and you will be able to access the course in which you are enrolled .
Sorry for this incontinence it has caused and thank you for your patience .
- Technical Support
When we saw this , we laughed so hard that we nearly peed our pants .
My Brother : " Before you start writing in Word , you have to set the margaritas . "
Me : " Do you know any programming languages ? "
" Do you know any programming languages ? "
My Friend : " Sure .
I know .com , .net , and .org . "
In 1986 , a reporter from the local newspaper was interviewing me for a story on my company , which does software development .
His first question was : " What language do you program in ? MS - DOS or ASCII ? "
This took place on the first day of a college Computer Science class called Algorithm Design I .
Teacher : " Ok class , we will be programming this semester in C .
Does anyone here already know any programming languages ? "
" Ok class , we will be programming this semester in C .
Does anyone here already know any programming languages ? "
Me : " I know Python and Ruby . "
" I know Python and Ruby . "
Teacher : " Ok , anyone else ? "
The teacher called on another student , who was waving his hand around like a madman .
Other Student : " I know Windows XP . "
Tech Support : " What version of the Mac OS are you using ? "
" What version of the Mac OS are you using ? " Customer : " Word 6.0 . "
Tech Support : " Go to File and select Exit Windows .
Click on ' OK ' .
What do you have on your screen now ? "
" Go to File and select Exit Windows .
Click on ' OK ' .
What do you have on your screen now ? "
Customer : " Windows .
I clicked on ' Cancel ' because it said it would injure my Windows session . "
Customer : " Eudora keeps giving me the error ' connection confused ' . "
Customer : " My DOS system got corroded . "
Student : " Hey , how do I lodge in to Hotmail ? "
" Hey , how do I lodge in to Hotmail ? "
Me : " You 've got to type in your username and password in those fields that say ' username ' and ' password ' . "
" You 've got to type in your username and password in those fields that say ' username ' and ' password ' . "
Student : " I do n't have one of those . "
" I do n't have one of those . "
Me : " You need one to log in to Hotmail . "
" You need one to log in to Hotmail . "
Student : " It 's ' LODGE ' in . "
" It 's ' LODGE ' in . "
Me : " The term is ' log in , ' and you can't log in without a username and password .
I can help you create one if you 'd like . "
" The term is ' log in , ' and you can't log in without a username and password .
I can help you create one if you 'd like . "
Student : " Um , excuse me , but I THINK I know what I 'm talking about .
It 's LODGE in , and I do n't want a username and password , I just want to get some email ! "
I just went back to working after that , and he left complaining about how " crappy " the computers in the lab were , after trying to " lodge in " for ten more minutes .
One of my classmates once overheard me and another kid talking about HTML , and said , " Why are you calling hotmail HTML ? "
Now I 'm wondering what he thought about all those URLs that end in HTML .
The following thread occurred on a message board on a web site :
First Poster : " Any Hotmail experts willing to make a Harry Potter layout for my site ? "
" Any Hotmail experts willing to make a Harry Potter layout for my site ? "
Second Poster : " Hotmail experts !?
Do n't you mean HTML ? "
" Hotmail experts !?
Do n't you mean HTML ? " First Poster : " Same thing is n't it ? "
I called Gateway to investigate buying a computer and got a guy that kept calling USB ports USB drives , and furthermore he insisted that everyone at Gateway called them that .
My mother owns a child care center which is situated in our very own home .
One of the mothers of the children she cares for wanted to ask me a computer related question .
She started telling me about how she was installing childrens ' software for her kids and how one program required another program to be installed .
She said the program was called " 640 times 480 times 256 . "
She went on to tell me that she looked for the program , eventually found it ( I have no idea where she might have thought she found it ) , but could n't install it .
My grandfather has recently started a course called " Computers for the Terrified . "
He 's nearly eighty and , although used to be an engineer within the British Royal Airforce , is completely stuck when it comes to computers .
He came back from his first evening at this course .
When asked how it had gone , he replied , " Yes , it was really good .
I really enjoyed it , but I really could n't get to grips with my mole . "
I stopped for a second , completely puzzled , until I realised he was talking about the mouse .
One day I asked if my Mom could shut down my computer .
I told her to press " the big gray switch on the computer . "
After some time , I phoned her and asked if she shut the machine down , but she replied , saying there was n't any big gray switch on the keyboard .
Me : " No , Mom , not on the keyboard ; it 's on the computer . "
" No , Mom , not on the keyboard ; it 's on the computer . "
My Mother : " Computer ? "
" Computer ? " Me : " Yes , that gray box on the floor . "
" Yes , that gray box on the floor . "
My Mother : " Ah , the engine ! "
" Ah , the engine ! " Me : " Engine ? "
" Engine ? " My Mother : " Yes , it 's making lots of noise . "
Once I went on site to set up a computer for a school .
I spend several hours setting up the equipment and configuring all the software and checking the Internet connection .
When I left , everything was working perfectly .
The next morning , I got a call from the teacher , saying that the computer would n't turn on .
Perplexed , I paid another visit .
I sat down at the desk and looked at each component : the scanner was on , the monitor was on , the speakers were powered up , but the screen was blank .
I looked under the desk , and , sure enough , none of the lights on the face of the computer were lit .
I reached down , pushed the main power button , and the computer immediately came to life and booted up normally .
Me : " Why did n't you try that ? "
" Why did n't you try that ? "
Customer : " The light on the brain was on .... "
She was pointing to the speakers .
Customer : " I need help with the Truman program ? "
" I need help with the Truman program ? " Tech Support : " Pardon , sir ? "
" Pardon , sir ? " Customer : " Truman , it came with your scanner . "
" Truman , it came with your scanner . "
Tech Support : " Um , no , sir , there is no ' Truman ' program with the scanner . "
" Um , no , sir , there is no ' Truman ' program with the scanner . "
Customer : " Yes there is .
I got it right here . "
" Yes there is .
I got it right here . "
Tech Support : " What kind of program is it ?
Is it a game or a reference program of some kind ? "
" What kind of program is it ?
Is it a game or a reference program of some kind ? "
Customer : " No , it came with the scanner . "
" No , it came with the scanner . "
Tech Support : " But , sir , we do n't have a program called ' Truman ' with the scanner .
Maybe this came with something else , like your printer . "
" But , sir , we do n't have a program called ' Truman ' with the scanner .
Maybe this came with something else , like your printer . "
Customer : " No , it came with the scanner . "
" No , it came with the scanner . "
Tech Support : " Well , what 's the problem you are having with it ? "
" Well , what 's the problem you are having with it ? "
Customer : " It wo n't read my text . "
" It wo n't read my text . "
Tech Support : " Is this an OCR program ? "
" Is this an OCR program ? " Customer : " Yeah , it came with your scanner .
Truman OCR . "
" Yeah , it came with your scanner .
Truman OCR . "
Tech Support : " You mean TextBridge OCR ? "
" You mean TextBridge OCR ? " Customer : " Yep , that 's right , Truman . "
I helped him with his problem , but I never figured out where he got " Truman " from .
As the local computer enthusiast , I sometimes get called on to troubleshoot computer problems .
A while back , my boss asked me to help her figure out what was going on with her computer , complaining that her " rat " ( mouse ) was not responding .
She surmised that it was a problem with the " ropes " ( cables ) behind the computer .
I had a friend who was ready for a memory upgrade on his Mac notebook , and he wanted to know how much " megaram " he needed .
My father , a retired dentist , spends a lot of time with his Macintosh .
He 's really pleased with it now : he recently got an upgrade and added " 64 milligrams " of memory .
Customer : " How do I use my High Megabit memory ? "
Customer : " This DOS program says I have insignificant memory . "
Customer : " The computer told me it had contagious memory .
Does it have a virus ? "
" The computer told me it had contagious memory .
Does it have a virus ? "
Tech Support : " No , that is ' contiguous ' memory , as in ' sequential ' . "
" No , that is ' contiguous ' memory , as in ' sequential ' . "
Customer : " That is impossible , it said ' contagious ' . "
" That is impossible , it said ' contagious ' . "
Tech Support : " Type ' mem ' and hit the ' enter ' key . "
" Type ' mem ' and hit the ' enter ' key . "
Customer : " Oh . "
Customer : " I have 384,000 free contentious memory . "
Customer : " I have a terminant swap file . "
Customer : " I have a terminal swap file . "
Customer : " I have a scummy card in my system . "
Customer : " I lost my blue cyanide color . "
Customer : " I have a cursing flasher . "
Customer : " It says one copy filed . "
Customer : " I 'm in the CONSYS . FIG file . "
Customer : " I have SETUP.
EXERSIZE on my B floppy . "
My Grandmother : " I ca n't find the sloppy disk ! "
My Teacher : " Do you have a booty disk on hand ? "
" Do you have a booty disk on hand ? "
Me : ( almost losing it ) " Do n't you mean a boot disk ? "
( almost losing it ) " Do n't you mean a boot disk ? "
My Teacher : " Oh no .
I need a booty disk to make the system booty up . "
I could contain my laughter no more .
I got in trouble for that one .
Customer : " I am getting an error on my computer "
" I am getting an error on my computer " Tech Support : " What kind of error ? "
" What kind of error ? " Customer : " It says I have a corrupted file on my hard drive , and I should run ' Check Disk ' . "
" It says I have a corrupted file on my hard drive , and I should run ' Check Disk ' . "
Tech Support : " Ok , we need to call in a ticket , and someone will be down shortly . "
" Ok , we need to call in a ticket , and someone will be down shortly . "
Customer : " Can you make sure you bring some extra Check Disks , because mine does not work . "
" Can you make sure you bring some extra Check Disks , because mine does not work . "
Tech Support : " Uh .
We 're out of stock right now , but I 'll order some . "
When I was setting up a local network ( simple thin ethernet ) with my neighbors , one of them asked , referring to terminators : " Do we have to have any of those predators at the ends ? "
Maybe he just watched too many Arnold Schwarzenegger movies .
One day I was shopping for RAM with a friend of mine .
We checked out a few places .
During the trip , my friend blurted out :
" That was some cool RAM in there .
Pentium makes the best RAM , not like that cheap RAM other places got ! "
The place where a friend of mine works was going through the process of upgrading all of their computers .
On one computer in particular , they had determined they needed more memory .
One of the senior partners got it into her head that they needed more " Meg . "
My friend tried to tell her that what they needed was RAM , but she insisted that the machine had plenty of RAM and that they needed more Meg -- specifically , about 16 megabytes of Meg .
He got tired of arguing with her and said to go down to the computer store and buy some Meg .
She came back with an envelope with RAM in it -- on the envelope was written " 16 megabytes of Meg . "
" The salesman tried to tell me the same thing you did , " she told my friend , " but then he went and talked to his manager , and he set him straight .
Now go install this Meg . "
Customer : " Well ... we have the CD , but we can't find the ROM ! "
After some inquiry , I finally understood what she perceived the " ROM " part of " CD - ROM " to be : the picture .
She said a specific multimedia CD was not displaying the ROM .
I corrected her mistaken impression , to which she said , quote , " Huh . " I walked her through the problem , and when it was fixed , she exclaimed loudly , " We found the ROM !
WE FOUND THE ROM !!!! "
I was supporting a group of very illiterate computer users on one specific application they needed to run in batch mode daily .
One day one of the ladies could n't find the icon on the Windows 3.1 Program Manager screen to launch the process .
I asked her to read to me what was in each of the the title bars in the sub - windows .
At one point she blurted out ' Microscopic Applications ' instead of ' Microsoft Applications . '
It took all the restraint I had to not reply , " Well , there 's your problem .
Your applications are too small . "
I 'm a contractor at a National Guard base , and I had been sent to pick up two NT workstations .
After picking up the boxes I drove back to where I worked and had to go through a check point .
The guard checked my ID then asked me what I had in the passenger seat .
I told him I had two computers for our job site .
He replied , " Oh I do n't know anything about that -- I 'm computer illegitimate . "
I needed to wipe someone 's hard drive and re-install Windows , so I asked her what she had on her system that was n't backed up .
Customer : " I have some data files for Mississippi Works saved . "
Customer : " I have Microword Soft . "
Customer : " Microwave Windows ? "
( Perhaps this is not a verbal slip after all ; apparently there was once an OEM - branded version of Windows 3.11 called Microwave Windows . )
Customer : " Will this upgrade include Microwave 97 ? "
Customer : " I ran Microwave Defrost , but it did n't help . "
( Referring to Microsoft Defrag . )
Seen on a web page :
" This site best viewed in Netscape Explorer . "
Customer : " I 'm having trouble with Internet Exposer . "
Customer : " I have Microsoft Exploder . "
Customer : " I have Microscope Exploiter . "
Customer : " I have Netscape Complicator . "
Customer : " I have Netscape Regulator . "
Customer : " Uhh ... I have Newscape and Outlook Exposure . "
Customer : " I use Outlook Explorer . "
Customer : " I use Landscape Navigator . "
Friend : " I was using AOL , but now my ISP is Netscape . "
This was back before Netscape actually became an ISP .
Overheard at a library :
" Yeah , surfing the Internet is really cool .
You do it with this thing called Netscape -- what 's the technical term for that , a program ?
Oh , no , an icon , that 's right .
Netscape 's an icon ! "
Tech Support : " What browser are you using , Netscape or Microsoft ? "
" What browser are you using , Netscape or Microsoft ? " Customer : " Netscape . "
" Netscape . " Tech Support : " Could you read to me what it says at the top of the window ? "
" Could you read to me what it says at the top of the window ? "
Customer : " ' Global Travel Conference - Microsoft Internet Explorer ' . "
Here 's a silly one .
My high school computing teacher routinely called Word for Windows " Windows for Word " through the whole time I went there .
Tech Support : " What operating system are you running sir ? "
" What operating system are you running sir ? " Customer : " Word . "
" Word . " Tech Support : " I think you mean windows , sir . "
" I think you mean windows , sir . "
Customer : " Oh yeah , WordWindows .
It 's very popular . "
An excerpt from an article from my high school , circa 1999 :
Each operates with Microsoft Windows , Microsoft Office , and T4.0 Workstation .
I have to imagine the author heard something like " Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 with Microsoft Office " and switched around the order of what he thought he heard .
Tech Support : " What program did you use to make this document ? "
" What program did you use to make this document ? "
Customer : " Microsoft . "
This happened when I was working for Kinko's :
Customer : " I need to print out my letter here . "
" I need to print out my letter here . "
Me : " Ok , what program did you use to create it ? "
" Ok , what program did you use to create it ? " Customer : " Macintosh ! "
" Macintosh ! "
Me : " No , what actual program did you use .
Was it MacWrite ?
Claris ? "
" No , what actual program did you use .
Was it MacWrite ?
Claris ? " Customer : " Microsoft . "
" Microsoft . "
Me : " OK , you used Microsoft Word .
We have that here , so go ahead and sit down at one of these Macs . "
" OK , you used Microsoft Word .
We have that here , so go ahead and sit down at one of these Macs . "
Customer : " It was n't Microsoft Word .
It was Windows ! "
" It was n't Microsoft Word .
It was Windows ! "
Me : " I need to know what kind of computer you used .
Was it a Macintosh or an IBM ? "
" I need to know what kind of computer you used .
Was it a Macintosh or an IBM ? "
Customer : " I do n't think it was an IBM . "
" I do n't think it was an IBM . "
Me : " It could be an IBM compatible .
Do you remember anything about what kind of computer it was ? "
" It could be an IBM compatible .
Do you remember anything about what kind of computer it was ? "
Customer : " Microsoft ! "
" Microsoft ! "
Me : " Did the computer have a little apple on the front of it ? "
" Did the computer have a little apple on the front of it ? " Customer : " I think so . "
" I think so . "
Me : ( What I should have done five minutes ago ... )
" Give me the disk , and I 'll put it in my computer and check it out . "
Customer : " Does this come with Microsoft ? "
" Does this come with Microsoft ? " Tech Support : " Um , well , we install Microsoft Windows on all our systems , unless you say otherwise . "
" Um , well , we install Microsoft Windows on all our systems , unless you say otherwise . "
Customer : " Oh , no , no , I need Microsoft to do my letters and stuff . "
" Oh , no , no , I need Microsoft to do my letters and stuff . "
Tech Support : " Well what do you use to write your letters ? "
" Well what do you use to write your letters ? "
Customer : " Microsoft ! "
" Microsoft ! " Tech Support : " Ok , but do you use Word ? "
" Ok , but do you use Word ? " Customer : " Yes , I use Word at work . "
" Yes , I use Word at work . "
Tech Support : " Ok , so you 'll need the Office Suite then , too . "
" Ok , so you 'll need the Office Suite then , too . "
Customer : " But does n't this computer come with Microsoft ? "
" But does n't this computer come with Microsoft ? " Tech Support : " Well , yes , it comes with Windows 95 installed . "
" Well , yes , it comes with Windows 95 installed . "
Customer : " Oh. Can I type my letters with that ? "
" Oh . Can I type my letters with that ? "
Tech Support : " Yesss ... but you need a word processor installed , like Word or WordPerfect .
Our systems come with the Corel suite , but we can use Microsoft Office instead if you like .
It just costs more . "
" Yesss ... but you need a word processor installed , like Word or WordPerfect .
Our systems come with the Corel suite , but we can use Microsoft Office instead if you like .
It just costs more . "
Customer : ( thoughtfully ) " WordPerfect sounds familiar . "
Customer : " Is Corel WordPerfect IBM ? "
From a questionnaire :
Question : " Mac address ? "
" Mac address ? "
Answer : " It 's not a Mac ; it 's an HP . "
I work at the technology help desk at my university .
One cold , Sunday evening during our calm season , we got a visitor to our walk - in office .
He said he was trying to install Windows 98 when he realized he had left his CD key back home .
I nodded and expected him to ask if he could get a replacement CD key .
But he did n't .
Him : " Is there a way to bypass this ? "
" Is there a way to bypass this ? "
Me : " Well , you need a CD key in order to install and setup Windows on your machine , but --"
" Well , you need a CD key in order to install and setup Windows on your machine , but --" Him : " No no , I want to bypass Setup .
I should be able to skip installation because my computer is really quick and powerful . "
He went on to say that maybe something in the BIOS could help him bypass Windows Setup .
Him : " I should be able to use BIOS , because the BIOS are n't binarily interlaced with the Windows EXE ! "
I bit down on my lip before stammering , " Yeah , you might be right there . "
I was having a conversation with a friend in the computer cluster .
A girl overheard us and piped up .
Me : " So , what 's your ICQ number ? "
" So , what 's your ICQ number ? " Girl : ( staring )
" Why do you need an icy cucumber ? "
A lot of people seem to think that all computers are made by Microsoft , and that all software is called Windows .
This story comes from our school 's computer cluster .
Student : " I typed this document I wrote at home , but it wo n't load in here . "
" I typed this document I wrote at home , but it wo n't load in here . "
Tech Support : " Ok , what word processing software did you use at home ? "
" Ok , what word processing software did you use at home ? "
Student : " I have Windows , version 6 . "
" I have Windows , version 6 . " Tech Support : " Um , no , I mean , what is the name of the actual program you go into to write documents ? "
" Um , no , I mean , what is the name of the actual program you go into to write documents ? "
Student : " Windows . "
" Windows . "
Tech Support : " Well , not quite , that 's the operating system .
Maybe it 's WordPerfect , or it could be Microsoft Word , does that sound familiar ? "
" Well , not quite , that 's the operating system .
Maybe it 's WordPerfect , or it could be Microsoft Word , does that sound familiar ? "
Student : " Ah yeah !
That 's it !
It 's Microsoft Windows . "
I turn the monitor towards him and fire up WordPerfect .
Tech Support : " When you start it , do you see a picture like this , of a fountain pen ? "
" When you start it , do you see a picture like this , of a fountain pen ? "
Student : " That 's the one .
Except you have Windows version 7 there , eh ? I only have Windows version 6 . "
A client just called in reference to our most recent survey , which asks if they have Microsoft Access .
The client said , " Of course we have access to Microsoft -- how else do you think we run our programs ! ? "
My Dad : " Ok , so I go into the Microsoft ... "
It usually takes two or three guesses to determine which Microsoft application he 's in .
A few years ago I saw an advertisement that said :
" Required : Office Assistant : Must be familiar with Lotus One , Two , and Three . "
Tech Support : " Are you installing on a Mac ? "
" Are you installing on a Mac ? " Customer : " No , I 'm using a 3.5 " thingee on a disk . "
Overheard in a computer games store :
Customer : " Will this run on a Dell ? "
" Will this run on a Dell ? " Salesperson : " Um , I 'm not sure , sir .
What kind of processor does it have ? "
" Um , I 'm not sure , sir .
What kind of processor does it have ? "
Customer : " Um...uh ....
It 's a Dell . "
Co-Worker : " I just bought a new computer . "
" I just bought a new computer . "
Me : " Oh ?
How fast is it ? "
" Oh ? How fast is it ? "
Co -Worker : " It 's a 56K . "
" It 's a 56K . " Me : " No , no , the processor speed . "
" No , no , the processor speed . "
Co-Worker : " Ohh !! DVD . "
" Ohh !! DVD . " Me : " ... "
Tech Support : " What kind of hard disk do you have ? "
" What kind of hard disk do you have ? "
Customer : " Well ...it's black with a little red light .... "
Customer : " Hi , I need to buy a box of hard disks . "
A Friend : " Wow !
That disk is pretty defragged . "
Actually happened here in the Kansas City area a few years ago .
My wife and I almost fell off the couch laughing about it .
During a public television auction fundraiser here in Kansas City , they had the hostess of a local morning program reading off the product descriptions .
One was for a software package .
To make sure potential bidders could use it , she read off the system requirements and told us that the software came on five " dash - one - slash " four - inch diskettes .
I asked this guy to read whatever was on the screen , and he kept calling the asterisk an " Afterfisk . "
When asking questions about setting up a new account online , the caller asked me if she had to put an ' astronaut ' ( asterisk ) in front of the customer name .
Tech Support : " Is there an asterisk to the left of the discount field ? "
" Is there an asterisk to the left of the discount field ? " Customer : " Nope , just a ' squishy bug ' . " ( her name for an asterisk )
The IT manager in my company , after a new software piece was ready for implementation , said , " But we are now able to manage the company on a virtually on - line real time way ! "
A friend of mine has a daughter who had started attending a university and had decided to buy a computer on which to complete assignments .
Her father suggested she call me for some advice on what to buy , since he knew I worked with computers .
I answered the questions based on her needs and thought she had a pretty good grasp of the fundamentals of what we had discussed about RAM , applications , windows , etc .
Until she asked , " Oh , and Mike , which is better , hardware or software ? "
I was working for a major college in our area and we had a real neophyte end user that was constantly having problems with her PS / 2 .
I went over to find out what was wrong .
I wanted to find out what program she was running , so I asked , " What software are you using ? "
She replied , " Software ?
Oh , we do n't use software . "
Needless to say I was totally amazed , I guess her computer is telepathic .
Talking to a Mac user :
Tech Support : " Do you have any extensions on ? "
" Do you have any extensions on ? " Customer : " I have a surge protector . "
A friend had to go over to a bank and set everyone 's software up .
Since all the Internet software his company supports runs under MS Windows , he asked the manager " Do you have Windows ? "
The manager stared at him blankly and said , " No , we 've got air conditioning . "
A woman called the Canon help desk with a problem with her printer .
The tech asked her if she was " running it under Windows . "
The woman then responded , " No , my desk is next to the door .
But that is a good point .
The man sitting in the cubicle next to me is under a window , and his is working fine . "
My mother works in a bank .
She told me that every once in a while the printer would go crazy and spit out dozens of blank pages for no reason .
I told her that sometimes happens when somebody prints a binary file that contains unprintable characters .
The next day , she proudly announced to everyone in the office that the reason the printer goes crazy is because it 's printing " unmentionable " characters .
I 'm an employee of a major computer retail store .
Recently I saw a woman wandering around , looking confused .
I asked her if I could help .
Customer : " Yes , I 'm trying to compare these computers to see which one is better . "
" Yes , I 'm trying to compare these computers to see which one is better . "
Me : " What are you looking for in a computer ? "
She looked at me disdainfully , as if I was the world 's dumbest idiot for having to ask .
Customer : " I need a computer with both megabytes and gigabytes . "
Once one of my students asked me :
Student : " When are we going to see those there gigglebites ? "
Tech Support : " How much memory is in the computer ? "
" How much memory is in the computer ? " Customer : " Eight megadrives . "
Teacher : " I really want to buy a new computer .
I think I just need to change the hard drive .
Do you think a Pentium hard drive is fast enough ? "
Once I had a customer ask me if our DSL service was Pentium - ready .
Tech Support : " What kind of modem do you have ? "
" What kind of modem do you have ? "
Customer : " It 's a 56 killer beet modem .
Or killer beep ? "
Customer : " I have a 33 kilowatt modem . "
While selling off some salvaged computers , we had a couple of 286 CPU cases stacked together with a monitor on top ; another monitor happened to be sitting nearby .
A woman asked me ( pointing to the first monitor ) , " How come this one comes with two risers and the other none ? "
My company publishes clip art products for the computer , so many of the tech support calls involve people trying to use our products with their own illustration software -- Aldus FreeHand was one of the most popular .
One day I overheard the tech guy in the next office say to a customer , " No , I think you mean Aldus .
Adidas is the shoe . "
Customer : " I 'm going to install Windows 75 as soon as you guys send it to me . "
Customer : " I 've been using Windows 94 at work . "
A job ad that I saw in a storefront in London in March 1998 was for someone with " Windows 97 " experience .
Tech Support : " What version of Windows do you have ? "
" What version of Windows do you have ? "
Customer : " Windows 94 . "
" Windows 94 . " Tech Support : " I presume you mean Windows 95 ? "
" I presume you mean Windows 95 ? " Customer : " Of course not .
I 've got the version that came out first . "
The other night I was talking to my girlfriend 's father about computers .
He was complaining about the difference with his computer at home and the one he has at work .
The one at home was a Pentium II with Windows 95 .
The one at work was an old machine running " Windows 91 . "
Tech Support : " This has Windows 98 on it -- did it have Windows 98 or 95 on it when it was sent out for repair ? "
" This has Windows 98 on it -- did it have Windows 98 or 95 on it when it was sent out for repair ? "
Customer : " I think it had Office 97 . "
Customer : " I 'm on Windows 96 . "
" I'm on Windows 96 . " Tech Support : " I 'm sorry , do you mean Windows 95 ? "
" I 'm sorry , do you mean Windows 95 ? "
Customer : " No , I 'm on Windows 96 . "
" No , I 'm on Windows 96 . " Tech Support : " I 'm sorry sir , but there is no such thing as Windows 96 .
You must be using Windows 95 . "
" I 'm sorry sir , but there is no such thing as Windows 96 .
You must be using Windows 95 . "
Customer : " Look , I bought this computer in 1996 , so I know it has Windows 96 on it . "
" Look , I bought this computer in 1996 , so I know it has Windows 96 on it . "
Tech Support : ( pause )
" Sir , buying a computer is not like buying a car with the different model years . "
( pause ) " Sir , buying a computer is not like buying a car with the different model years . "
Customer : " Oh , I did n't know that . "
Friend : " Yeah , I use this neat thing to build my web page .
It has bars and stuff , and it 's just like a normal picture .
Internet Maker or something it 's called . "
" Yeah , I use this neat thing to build my web page .
It has bars and stuff , and it 's just like a normal picture .
Internet Maker or something it 's called . "
Me : " Um , you mean Front Page Express . "
" Um , you mean Front Page Express . "
Friend : " Yeah , that 's it , my computer uses Windows 5 , you know . "
" Yeah , that 's it , my computer uses Windows 5 , you know . "
Me : " Windows 95 ? "
" Windows 95 ? " Friend : " No , Windows 5 . "
" No , Windows 5 . " Me : " Windows 5 does n't exist . "
" Windows 5 does n't exist . "
Friend : " Maybe it 's Microsoft 5 .
Yeah , that 's what it is .
That 's what the little box says . "
" Maybe it 's Microsoft 5 .
Yeah , that 's what it is .
That 's what the little box says . "
Me : " You mean Internet Explorer 5 . "
" You mean Internet Explorer 5 . " Friend : " Yeah , my computer uses Internet Explorer 5 .
You know , my neighbor had an advance copy of Windows 95 in 1990 . "
A guy I work with came back from the dentist , puzzled .
The two had been commiserating about Windows and its instability , and the dentist had observed , " Yeah , last night I was fooling around with the system , and I blew out all my interrupts . "
Customer : " This may sound strange , but my friend told me that if I emptied my cash box , it would help the Internet go faster .
Ever heard of that ? "
" This may sound strange , but my friend told me that if I emptied my cash box , it would help the Internet go faster .
Ever heard of that ? "
Tech Support : " I believe he was referring to the cache files in your AOL folder . "
" I believe he was referring to the cache files in your AOL folder . "
Customer : " No , he specifically said cash box .
And I think it 's the one in my Quicken software .
How do I empty that ?
And what happens to my cash balance ? "
Tech Support : " We should use FTP to transfer this picture . "
" We should use FTP to transfer this picture . "
Customer : " No , we do not accept FTP , we can only use JPG . "
Student : " I just wrote a document in FTP .
How can I send it as an attachment to an email ? "
Customer : " Yeah , my Internet Explorer can only save pictures as bumpy files . "
( He was saving them as .bmp files . )
Customer : " Backsplash .
Backsplash ? "
" Backsplash .
Backsplash ? "
Tech Support : " Backslash . "
" Backslash . "
Customer : " C colon backspl ...backslash . "
My Boss : " Well , I think this Windows 95 thing is gonna be a big blackslash for Microsoft . "
I had a woman phone me the other day saying that she could n't find " Microsoftware " on her PC .
I guess " Microsoft " and " software " merged in her mind .
I asked her what she was trying to do ( to work out what software she actually needed ) , and she quite say .
" I do n't know what it 's for -- I just know it should be there ! " she said .
I promised to mail a disk out to her when the next shipment of Microsoftware came in .
Customer : " ... and then when I push the smash button it does ... "
Customer : " By the way , do you know any web sites where I can download RAM ? "
Friend : " I can't wait to get connected to the Internet so I can download some more RAM and Megahertz ! "
Tech Support : " How much free space do you have on your hard drive ? "
" How much free space do you have on your hard drive ? "
Customer : " Well , my wife likes to get up there on that Internet , and she downloaded ten hours of free space .
Is that enough ? "
I made the mistake of sending my mother an old computer for Christmas .
Last Friday , she went out and bought a modem .
I got the following call :
Mom : " The hard drive does n't work . "
" The hard drive does n't work . "
Me : " Ok , tell me what 's happening . "
" Ok , tell me what 's happening . "
Mom : " The light does n't come on , so I can't put the hard drive in and download the modem . "
" The light does n't come on , so I can't put the hard drive in and download the modem . "
Me : ( dead silence )
I had a job interview with an up - and - coming company that was working on expanding their local network .
After grilling me for half an hour , this very nice woman told me that if they offered me a position , I 'd be " working on the client - server side of the network . "
I managed not to laugh at that , but I left the room wondering how many of me they planned to hire .
Recently , the head of the marketing department had a information session for us programmers .
During the course of the session , the orator started talking about MPEG 2 .
He described MPEG 2 as being a " compression allegory . "
Customer : " I just shut down Windows 95 , and it says , ' It is NOT safe for me to turn off my computer . ' "
" I just shut down Windows 95 , and it says , ' It is NOT safe for me to turn off my computer . ' "
Tech Support : " Um...are you sure ? "
" Um ...are you sure ? " Customer : ( terrified ) " Yes ! "
( terrified ) " Yes ! " Tech Support : " Sir , read me the screen letter for letter . "
" Sir , read me the screen letter for letter . "
Customer : " Ok. I , t , i , s , n , o , w - - "
" Ok . I , t , i , s , n , o , w - - " Tech Support : " There !
It says ' now ' , not ' not ' .
Is there anything else I can help you with today , sir ? "
I was doing some training for an initial release of our software .
One of the students found a bug that caused the software to crash .
The student was new to computers , so I explained that the program had crashed .
The student proceeded to look behind the laptop he was working on , look below it , and then look at me , confused , and asked , " What did it hit ? "
I had a lady that called up complaining that she could n't access the Internet .
Now keep in mind she had an IBM system with a " Mwave " modem .
She said that every time she tried to connect to the Internet , it told her that there was no dial tone .
She looked up the error message in her help documentation , and it told her to make sure her phone line was connected .
Customer : " I can see that I put one end in my computer , but where does the other end of the phone line go ?
My microwave does n't have a connection that fits this plug . "
Customer : " I turned on my computer , and it just sits there .
What do I do ? "
" I turned on my computer , and it just sits there .
What do I do ? "
Tech Support : " Is the computer plugged in ? "
" Is the computer plugged in ? " Customer : " Yes , of course . "
Through the course of our conversation , I discovered she was calling the monitor the computer and the computer the disk drive .
So I clarified .
Tech Support : " Is the little gray tower with the slots in it plugged in ? "
" Is the little gray tower with the slots in it plugged in ? "
Customer : " No , but it does n't need to be . "
I helped her get the system working , but she returned it anyway .
She said , quote , " I could n't get no hard drives programmed into the CPU . "
The return was accepted without hesitation .
Customer : " I 'm having trouble inserting my ethernet card into my hard drive . "
Customer : " It 's not my computer that is slow .
I have a 200 horse power hard drive . "
I work as a tech for my local school district .
One day we got in a Mac LC with a problem tag stating the following :
" Need to install CD chip into hard disk drive to expand memory to accept CD programs . "
Customer : " I turned my computer on this morning and it said something about a pipe being burst ?
Should I call a plumber , or can you fix it ? "
Tech Support : " Hmm , sounds like your system froze up . "
" Hmm , sounds like your system froze up . "
Customer : " I do n't know why .
It 's about 80 degrees in here ! "
I work at a computer store in the upgrades department .
One day , a customer came up to me and asked for a " card game . "
Me : " A card game ?
You mean , like poker ? "
" A card game ?
You mean , like poker ? "
Customer : " No , no .
I just bought a steering wheel .
I need a card game . "
" No , no .
I just bought a steering wheel .
I need a card game . "
Me : " You mean a ' car game , ' like Nascar ?
So that you can use the steering wheel to drive ? "
The customer looked at me like I was a complete idiot .
Customer : " No . I have a Compaq computer .
We tried to plug the steering wheel in , but it did n't work so we need a card game . "
I was trying to figure out how a card game was going to help them out .
Instead of getting a racing game , at least a card game would work .
But it would n't be very easy to play a card game with a steering wheel .
Then I figured it out .
Me : " You mean you need a ' game card , ' to plug in your steering wheel ? "
" You mean you need a ' game card , ' to plug in your steering wheel ? "
Customer : " Oh , yeah .
Maybe that 's what it 's called . "
" Oh , yeah .
Maybe that 's what it 's called . "
Me : " They 're in aisle 10 with the steering wheels . "
Customer : " My computer wo n't start up . "
" My computer wo n't start up . "
Tech Support : " Is the power light on ? "
" Is the power light on ? " Customer : " Yes . "
" Yes . " Tech Support : " Is anything on the monitor ? "
" Is anything on the monitor ? " Customer : " Yes , it says to press F2 for setup , or I can press F1 and fill out a resume . "
Customer : " Is a Pentagram better than a 486 ? "
One morning , a man walked up to our service window and asked me to help advise him which computer he should buy .
" I want one of them Pentenniums , " he stated .
" Ok , you want a Pentium , " I replied , hoping he would note the subtle correction .
But he did n't .
Several times during our chat , he continued to say " Pentennium . "
After we were finished talking , he thanked me and started to walk away -- but then turned and came back to the window .
" Hey , about that Pentennium , " he said .
" Is that a 386 or a 486 ? "
I have worked for several years selling computers at national chain and am continuously amazed at how many people ask if our computers come with a " Pendulum Chip " in it .
I am proud to say that I never once succumbed to the urge to tell them to simply listen for the ones that make a tick - tock noise .
Customer : " I have a Kumquat Presario . "
A couple years ago , I tried to get in on field testing of cable modem service in the Chicago area .
I was calling to order cable TV anyway , so after setting up my cable TV account , I asked the guy if the field tests for cable modems were available in my area .
Cable Guy : " Cadle Mobem ? "
" Cadle Mobem ? " Me : " Cable Modem . "
" Cable Modem . "
Cable Guy : " We do n't have that . "
Thinking his reply was a bit too quick , I asked him to go and check with his supervisor as to whether the service was available .
He put me on hold .
No less than ten minutes later , he came back .
Cable Guy : " Did you say Cadle Mobem ? "
" Did you say Cadle Mobem ? " Me : " Cable . Modem . "
" Cable . Modem . "
Cable Guy : " Hold on . "
Five more minutes on hold .
Cable Guy : " Is that like email ? "
" Is that like email ? " Me : " Yeah .
Kinda like email . "
" Yeah .
Kinda like email . "
Cable Guy : " We do n't have that . "
I gave up and found through other sources that , indeed , it was not available in my area .
Now that I have one , though , I can't help but call it a " Cadle Mobem . "
We had a guy in our office decide to become an advocate of client - server computing .
" We should n't be using the file server for accessing shared information .
What we should be using is a client server . "
We were laughing over this one for a long time afterward .
The term " client - server , " of course , refers to a particular type of architecture , of which the " file server " is an example .
I was doing IT support for a college , and one of the teachers called me in a panic : " One of the students was in the computer , and it collapsed ! "
By " collapsed , " it turns out , she meant " crashed . "
I had visions of something akin to a mining accident .
Receptionist : " Good morning ; how may I help you ? "
" Good morning ; how may I help you ? "
Caller : " I did n't understand your answering machine , so I thought I 'd better hold on . "
" I did n't understand your answering machine , so I thought I 'd better hold on . "
Receptionist : " Who would you like to speak to ? "
" Who would you like to speak to ? " Caller : " I was after testical support . "
I put him through on the technical support line , but I suppose the obvious answer would have been to suggest a jock strap .
A few weeks ago , we had a young man come in and say , " My computer is getting cervical errors . "
He looked surprised when we started laughing .
I spoke with a woman who appeared to be knowledgeable about computers and wanted to inquire as to which modem to purchase .
She asked which ISPs were supporting 56 K modems , how noisy the phones lines were , the pros and cons about voice modems , and so forth .
After determining which modem would best meet her requirements , she asked , " How much more hard drive space will this give me ? "
Then , before I could recover enough to answer , she asked , " Or would a trackball be better to speed up my computer ? "
Everybody entering my high school is required to take a very basic computer class .
It was way below my skill level , but I had to take it just like everybody else .
Whenever someone had a computer problem , the rest of the class ( most of whom had absolutely no computer knowledge or common sense ) liked to " help . "
One day , someone managed to not only remove all the toolbars from both the two windows he had open ( Word and Internet Explorer ) but also remove the address bar on IE and move the task bar to the side of the screen .
He did all this without knowing how he did it .
This normally would have been simple to fix , but everyone else was trying to " help , " so it took a while .
Some of my favorite suggestions were :
" Right click it ! " --
From someone who was n't talking about anything in particular .
He could n't even see the screen ; all he heard was the other people talking about how the " thingies " were gone .
" De-connect ! "
" Fix the cookies ! "
" De - boot it ! "
Most of these suggestions were the problem - solving catch phrases of whoever said them .
No matter what the problem is , they think they can fix it with the same procedure as all other problems .
Last night , my local PBS station aired a ‘ Frontline ’ program , called “ The Lost Year in Iraq , ” about the Bush Administration ’s handling of the Iraq occupation .
Among other things , it confirms that Americans who sought civilian jobs to help rebuild Iraq were asked questions such as whether or not they had voted for Bush , and whether or not they supported Roe v. Wade — questions that would not only be irrelevant , but illegal , in any other American hiring situation .
Apparently , this was how recent college graduates with no work experience got jobs as senior strategic planners , and how Iraq — a nation with 40 % unemployment — got a flat tax .
Bush ’s programs to “ reconstruct ” Iraq are reminiscent of FDR ’s New Deal programs , but instead of helping the poor , unemployed and homeless , Bush ’s “ New Deal ” programs have been a boondoggle for incompetent Republicans .
What I learned from the program is that incompetent leaders ( like Bush ) hire incompetent followers for the same reason that fish swim in schools — because it enables the leader to disappear into the crowd .
When disaster comes — and it will come — an incompetent leader with incompetent followers has plenty of scapegoats to share the blame for the various aspects of the disaster .
Plus , there will be many more messes to fix , so the leader ’s own mess becomes merely one of many , thereby diluting its importance and diverting attention from the leader ’s bumbling .
Better to have a lot of messes , with a lot of culpability to go around , than to have just one mess that spotlights the leader ’s shortcomings .
Seeing this PBS show , it is easy to understand why the Iraq insurgency got started , why Abu Ghraib happened , why Iraq is the gigantic mess it is today and why “ stay the course ” is Bush ’s canned answer to everyone calling for change :
Bush protects himself by surrounding himself with incompetent people , and that ’s not something he wants to change .
In the very olden time there lived a semi- barbaric king , whose ideas , though somewhat polished and sharpened by the progressiveness of distant Latin neighbors , were still large , florid , and untrammeled , as became the half of him which was barbaric .
He was a man of exuberant fancy , and , withal , of an authority so irresistible that , at his will , he turned his varied fancies into facts .
He was greatly given to self - communing , and , when he and himself agreed upon anything , the thing was done .
When every member of his domestic and political systems moved smoothly in its appointed course , his nature was bland and genial ; but , whenever there was a little hitch , and some of his orbs got out of their orbits , he was blander and more genial still , for nothing pleased him so much as to make the crooked straight and crush down uneven places .
Among the borrowed notions by which his barbarism had become semified was that of the public arena , in which , by exhibitions of manly and beastly valor , the minds of his subjects were refined and cultured .
But even here the exuberant and barbaric fancy asserted itself .
The arena of the king was built , not to give the people an opportunity of hearing the rhapsodies of dying gladiators , nor to enable them to view the inevitable conclusion of a conflict between religious opinions and hungry jaws , but for purposes far better adapted to widen and develop the mental energies of the people .
This vast amphitheater , with its encircling galleries , its mysterious vaults , and its unseen passages , was an agent of poetic justice , in which crime was punished , or virtue rewarded , by the decrees of an impartial and incorruptible chance .
girlplays
When a subject was accused of a crime of sufficient importance to interest the king , public notice was given that on an appointed day the fate of the accused person would be decided in the king 's arena , a structure which well deserved its name , for , although its form and plan were borrowed from afar , its purpose emanated solely from the brain of this man , who , every barleycorn a king , knew no tradition to which he owed more allegiance than pleased his fancy , and who ingrafted on every adopted form of human thought and action the rich growth of his barbaric idealism .
< 2 > When all the people had assembled in the galleries , and the king , surrounded by his court , sat high up on his throne of royal state on one side of the arena , he gave a signal , a door beneath him opened , and the accused subject stepped out into the amphitheater .
Directly opposite him , on the other side of the enclosed space , were two doors , exactly alike and side by side .
It was the duty and the privilege of the person on trial to walk directly to these doors and open one of them .
He could open either door he pleased ; he was subject to no guidance or influence but that of the aforementioned impartial and incorruptible chance .
If he opened the one , there came out of it a hungry tiger , the fiercest and most cruel that could be procured , which immediately sprang upon him and tore him to pieces as a punishment for his guilt .
The moment that the case of the criminal was thus decided , doleful iron bells were clanged , great wails went up from the hired mourners posted on the outer rim of the arena , and the vast audience , with bowed heads and downcast hearts , wended slowly their homeward way , mourning greatly that one so young and fair , or so old and respected , should have merited so dire a fate .
But , if the accused person opened the other door , there came forth from it a lady , the most suitable to his years and station that his majesty could select among his fair subjects , and to this lady he was immediately married , as a reward of his innocence .
It mattered not that he might already possess a wife and family , or that his affections might be engaged upon an object of his own selection ; the king allowed no such subordinate arrangements to interfere with his great scheme of retribution and reward .
The exercises , as in the other instance , took place immediately , and in the arena .
Another door opened beneath the king , and a priest , followed by a band of choristers , and dancing maidens blowing joyous airs on golden horns and treading an epithalamic measure , advanced to where the pair stood , side by side , and the wedding was promptly and cheerily solemnized .
Then the gay brass bells rang forth their merry peals , the people shouted glad hurrahs , and the innocent man , preceded by children strewing flowers on his path , led his bride to his home .
< 3 > This was the king 's semi-barbaric method of administering justice .
Its perfect fairness is obvious .
The criminal could not know out of which door would come the lady ; he opened either he pleased , without having the slightest idea whether , in the next instant , he was to be devoured or married .
On some occasions the tiger came out of one door , and on some out of the other .
The decisions of this tribunal were not only fair , they were positively determinate : the accused person was instantly punished if he found himself guilty , and , if innocent , he was rewarded on the spot , whether he liked it or not .
There was no escape from the judgments of the king 's arena .
The institution was a very popular one .
When the people gathered together on one of the great trial days , they never knew whether they were to witness a bloody slaughter or a hilarious wedding .
This element of uncertainty lent an interest to the occasion which it could not otherwise have attained .
Thus , the masses were entertained and pleased , and the thinking part of the community could bring no charge of unfairness against this plan , for did not the accused person have the whole matter in his own hands ?
This semi- barbaric king had a daughter as blooming as his most florid fancies , and with a soul as fervent and imperious as his own .
As is usual in such cases , she was the apple of his eye , and was loved by him above all humanity .
Among his courtiers was a young man of that fineness of blood and lowness of station common to the conventional heroes of romance who love royal maidens .
This royal maiden was well satisfied with her lover , for he was handsome and brave to a degree unsurpassed in all this kingdom , and she loved him with an ardor that had enough of barbarism in it to make it exceedingly warm and strong .
This love affair moved on happily for many months , until one day the king happened to discover its existence .
He did not hesitate nor waver in regard to his duty in the premises .
The youth was immediately cast into prison , and a day was appointed for his trial in the king 's arena .
This , of course , was an especially important occasion , and his majesty , as well as all the people , was greatly interested in the workings and development of this trial .
Never before had such a case occurred ; never before had a subject dared to love the daughter of the king .
In after years such things became commonplace enough , but then they were in no slight degree novel and startling .
< 4 >
The tiger - cages of the kingdom were searched for the most savage and relentless beasts , from which the fiercest monster might be selected for the arena ; and the ranks of maiden youth and beauty throughout the land were carefully surveyed by competent judges in order that the young man might have a fitting bride in case fate did not determine for him a different destiny .
Of course , everybody knew that the deed with which the accused was charged had been done .
He had loved the princess , and neither he , she , nor any one else , thought of denying the fact ; but the king would not think of allowing any fact of this kind to interfere with the workings of the tribunal , in which he took such great delight and satisfaction .
No matter how the affair turned out , the youth would be disposed of , and the king would take an aesthetic pleasure in watching the course of events , which would determine whether or not the young man had done wrong in allowing himself to love the princess .
The appointed day arrived .
From far and near the people gathered , and thronged the great galleries of the arena , and crowds , unable to gain admittance , massed themselves against its outside walls .
The king and his court were in their places , opposite the twin doors , those fateful portals , so terrible in their similarity .
All was ready .
The signal was given .
A door beneath the royal party opened , and the lover of the princess walked into the arena .
Tall , beautiful , fair , his appearance was greeted with a low hum of admiration and anxiety .
Half the audience had not known so grand a youth had lived among them .
No wonder the princess loved him !
What a terrible thing for him to be there !
As the youth advanced into the arena he turned , as the custom was , to bow to the king , but he did not think at all of that royal personage .
His eyes were fixed upon the princess , who sat to the right of her father .
Had it not been for the moiety of barbarism in her nature it is probable that lady would not have been there , but her intense and fervid soul would not allow her to be absent on an occasion in which she was so terribly interested .
From the moment that the decree had gone forth that her lover should decide his fate in the king 's arena , she had thought of nothing , night or day , but this great event and the various subjects connected with it .
Possessed of more power , influence , and force of character than any one who had ever before been interested in such a case , she had done what no other person had done - she had possessed herself of the secret of the doors .
She knew in which of the two rooms , that lay behind those doors , stood the cage of the tiger , with its open front , and in which waited the lady .
Through these thick doors , heavily curtained with skins on the inside , it was impossible that any noise or suggestion should come from within to the person who should approach to raise the latch of one of them .
But gold , and the power of a woman 's will , had brought the secret to the princess .
< 5 > And not only did she know in which room stood the lady ready to emerge , all blushing and radiant , should her door be opened , but she knew who the lady was .
It was one of the fairest and loveliest of the damsels of the court who had been selected as the reward of the accused youth , should he be proved innocent of the crime of aspiring to one so far above him ; and the princess hated her .
Often had she seen , or imagined that she had seen , this fair creature throwing glances of admiration upon the person of her lover , and sometimes she thought these glances were perceived , and even returned .
Now and then she had seen them talking together ; it was but for a moment or two , but much can be said in a brief space ; it may have been on most unimportant topics , but how could she know that ?
The girl was lovely , but she had dared to raise her eyes to the loved one of the princess ; and , with all the intensity of the savage blood transmitted to her through long lines of wholly barbaric ancestors , she hated the woman who blushed and trembled behind that silent door .
When her lover turned and looked at her , and his eye met hers as she sat there , paler and whiter than any one in the vast ocean of anxious faces about her , he saw , by that power of quick perception which is given to those whose souls are one , that she knew behind which door crouched the tiger , and behind which stood the lady .
He had expected her to know it .
He understood her nature , and his soul was assured that she would never rest until she had made plain to herself this thing , hidden to all other lookers - on , even to the king .
The only hope for the youth in which there was any element of certainty was based upon the success of the princess in discovering this mystery ; and the moment he looked upon her , he saw she had succeeded , as in his soul he knew she would succeed .
Then it was that his quick and anxious glance asked the question : " Which ? "
It was as plain to her as if he shouted it from where he stood .
There was not an instant to be lost .
The question was asked in a flash ; it must be answered in another .
< 6 > Her right arm lay on the cushioned parapet before her .
She raised her hand , and made a slight , quick movement toward the right .
No one but her lover saw her .
Every eye but his was fixed on the man in the arena .
He turned , and with a firm and rapid step he walked across the empty space .
Every heart stopped beating , every breath was held , every eye was fixed immovably upon that man .
Without the slightest hesitation , he went to the door on the right , and opened it .
Now , the point of the story is this :
Did the tiger come out of that door , or did the lady ?
The more we reflect upon this question , the harder it is to answer .
It involves a study of the human heart which leads us through devious mazes of passion , out of which it is difficult to find our way .
Think of it , fair reader , not as if the decision of the question depended upon yourself , but upon that hot - blooded , semi- barbaric princess , her soul at a white heat beneath the combined fires of despair and jealousy .
She had lost him , but who should have him ?
How often , in her waking hours and in her dreams , had she started in wild horror , and covered her face with her hands as she thought of her lover opening the door on the other side of which waited the cruel fangs of the tiger !
But how much oftener had she seen him at the other door !
How in her grievous reveries had she gnashed her teeth , and torn her hair , when she saw his start of rapturous delight as he opened the door of the lady !
How her soul had burned in agony when she had seen him rush to meet that woman , with her flushing cheek and sparkling eye of triumph ; when she had seen him lead her forth , his whole frame kindled with the joy of recovered life ; when she had heard the glad shouts from the multitude , and the wild ringing of the happy bells ; when she had seen the priest , with his joyous followers , advance to the couple , and make them man and wife before her very eyes ; and when she had seen them walk away together upon their path of flowers , followed by the tremendous shouts of the hilarious multitude , in which her one despairing shriek was lost and drowned !
< 7 > Would it not be better for him to die at once , and go to wait for her in the blessed regions of semi-barbaric futurity ?
And yet , that awful tiger , those shrieks , that blood !
Her decision had been indicated in an instant , but it had been made after days and nights of anguished deliberation .
She had known she would be asked , she had decided what she would answer , and , without the slightest hesitation , she had moved her hand to the right .
The question of her decision is one not to be lightly considered , and it is not for me to presume to set myself up as the one person able to answer it .
And so I leave it with all of you :
Which came out of the opened door - the lady , or the tiger ?
If you liked this story , please share it with others : - Printable Version
- iPhone App
- Teaching Materials
- Mark This Story Read
- More Stories By This Author
Now here ’s a PC setup you do n’t want to see first thing in the morning .
Best of all , it uses a real animatronic head that still works !
Continue reading for another picture .
( Thanks , Larry )
Another view of one of the F - 86s ( The Australian CA - 27 variant ) in that location I was asked not to divulge by the owner from the “ Boneyard ” book , but never shown online .
Shot a few minutes after yesterday ’s post , facing the other way , just after midnight in March 2011 .
Stormy , cold , and camera - killingly windy .
3:13 of [… ]
At the beginning of the new millennium , fuzzy logic opens a new challenging perspective in information processing .
This perspective emerges out of the ideas of the founder of fuzzy logic - Lotfi Zadeh , to develop ' soft ' tools for direct computing with human perceptions .
The enigmatic nature of human perceptions manifests in their unique capacity to generalize , extract patterns and capture both the essence and the integrity of the events and phenomena in human life .
This capacity goes together with an intrinsic imprecision of the perception - based information .
According to Zadeh , it is because of the imprecision of the human imprecision that they do not lend themselves to meaning representation through the use of precise methods based on predicate logic .
This is the principal reason why existing scientific theories do not have the capability to operate on perception - based information .
We are at the eve of the emergence of a theory with such a capability .
Its applicative effectiveness has been already demonstrated through the industrial implementation of the soft computing - a powerful intelligent technology centred in fuzzy logic .
At the focus of the papers included in this book is the knowledge and experience of the researchers in relation both to the engineering applications of soft computing and to its social and philosophical implications at the dawn of the third millennium .
The papers clearly demonstrate that Fuzzy Logic revolutionizes general approaches for solving applied problems and reveals deep connections between them and their solutions .
Kevin Depew 's post on Inflastagdeflation in Wednesday 's Five
Things got me to thinking about how everything is in the eye of the beholder .
Here is quick recap of inflastagdeflation .
If you spend any meaningful time reading up on today 's economic views , you will find three prevailing idées fixes .
Here they are , in order of dominance :
A. Inflation is understated .
General price level measurements are being manipulated , or are failing , or are simply false ; we are facing a dramatic buildup in inflationary pressures .
.....
B. Inflation is yesterday 's story .
What we are experiencing now is stagflation .
Wages and incomes are stagnant , housing is slowing , the consumer is on the brink , and growth is slowing by virtue of the fact that producers have no pricing power in a credit - fueled growth environment .
.....
C. Inflation ?
What inflation ?
Housing prices are deflating .
Consumers are cutting back .
Producers have no pricing power .
.....
So , are we experiencing inflation , stagflation , or deflation ?
The truest answer is , " Yes , we are . " .... smack in the middle of inflastagdeflation ... with only the last remaining vestiges of this credit cycle allowing us to cling , somewhat desperately , precariously , to the " inflastag " part of the story .
Infla
Stagfla
true inflastagdeflationists
conveniently
Defla
true inflastagdeflationists
Williams ' Real
defla
Eyes of the Beholder
state
inflastagdeflation
inflastagfladefla
" fla
Announcement :
Trotsky
Misconceptions about Gold
Why does fiat money seemingly work at all ?
It occurred to me that inquiring minds might be wondering " Is it possible to chart inflastagdeflation ? "
Believe it or not I think it can be done .
For that I turn to a series of charts that " Bart " at NowAndFutures updates monthly for me .
Here they are in Kevin 's order of importance .
Inflationists like to point to M3 .
Is it any wonder ?
Pick your poison .
Not only is the actual number soaring , the rate of change is soaring as well .
Clearly the Fed has lost control of monetary expansion the inflationists say .
Here is a chart to prove it .
Stagflationists point to any number of things to prove their point .
They think this is a repeat of the 70's and typically point to oil .
That wo n't work forwho will want to see the case state the case based on money supply .
Given that the Fed hastossed aside M3 , let 's turn our attention to M2 .
There you have it .
M2 is clearly soaring but the rate of change is either falling or rising depending on where you want to draw the trendline .
And what are we getting out of it ?
Certainly not jobs or houses but we are seeing rising interest rates in spite of miserably weak housing .
If that combination does not describe " Stagfla " what does ?
Deflationists like to state the case based on the upcoming monetary collapse of credit .
Once again that will not cut the mustard withwho want to see it in pictures right here right now .
Tomorrow is not good enough .
For that we have to look at base money supply or better yet M ' ( pronounced M Prime ) which is based on an Austrian definition of money .
Typically ( but not necessarily ) deflationists come from an Austrian school of thinking .
Please see Money Supply and Recessions for the theory behind M '.
Here are two charts of M ' ( with a third bonus chart following ) .
The chart shows that M ' is barely growing .
A chart of base money supply would look similar .
This contradicts what the inflationists are saying about money supply soaring .
Heck it 's barely budging .
And the rate of growth has been falling like a rock since mid-2004 .
Inflationary ?
Hardly ... at least not to deflationists .
But lets dig deeper and take a look at inflation adjusted M' ( Real M ' ) .
Well how about that ?
Real M ' has been falling and the rate of growth has been under or near 0 % since mid-2005 .
Bear in mind that most inflationists ( and many deflationists ) think that the CPI is horrendously understated .
For those folks , John Williams offers an alternative measure of the CPI on Shadow Government Statistics
The third ( bonus chart ) deflates M ' by that alternate measure of CPI .
That last chart shows " " M ' growing at negative 5 % .
Thus creative deflationists can use creative inflationists own measures of the CPI to state the case for " " .
Well there you have it : Inflastagdeflationists can all use money supply charts totheir case .
The only problem I have in all of this is the nameI thinkis a much catchier name with an additional huge advantage of sounding more like a disease .
You have to admit , this economy sure seems sick no matter which " ( or combination thereof ) it has .
So where are we and where are we headed ?
To paraphrase Kevin : " Here we are .... smack in the middle of inflastagfladefla ... with only the last remaining vestiges of this credit cycle allowing us to cling , somewhat desperately , precariously , to the inflastagfla part of the story .
" I am please to announce that starting next weekwill be making a series of posts on this blog about gold .
The first two posts in the series will beDates can change but they are tentatively scheduled for Tuesday and Wednesday of next week .
I am working right now on editing drafts .
Mike Shedlock / Mishhttp://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/
Democrat all but accuses Rice of telling Blackwater to cover up Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday September 26 , 2007
Print This Email This State also instructing Blackwater to withhold information , Waxman alleges The US State Department is preventing a House committee from disclosing information that could " embarrass " Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki regarding an investigation of alleged corruption within his government , a lawmaker alleges in a letter to Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice .
State also is meddling in a related investigation of private security firm Blackwater , which has come under fire this month after a Sept. 16 shooting involving armed guards employed by the firm in which 11 Iraqis were killed , the House Oversight Committee Chairman Henry Waxman says .
Blackwater asked committee members to avoid " asking questions ... that might reveal sensitive operational and technical information , " such as how many guards were involved in the alleged massacre , the number of weapons they used and the types of munitions they had available .
Waxman also says investigators on his committee cannot question State Department officials on matters " that could embarrass the Maliki government unless the Committee agrees to refrain from any public discussion of their answers .
" State Department officials explained that any information about corruption within the Maliki government must be treated as classified , " Waxman continued in a letter to Rice released Tuesday , " because public discussions could undermine U.S. relations with the Maliki government . "
The Oversight Committee 's investigation into Iraqi corruption follows the disclosure of a report from the US embassy in Baghdad that found corruption is the " norm " in Iraq 's government .
Waxman said the meddling by the State Department in his investigations was preventing a " breathtaking " amount of information about corruption in Iraq from emerging .
Along with protecting the fledgling Maliki government , State also is keeping information on Blackwater out of the public eye .
The private contractor has been forbidden from sharing documents related to its mission in Baghdad , where Blackwater guards protect American officials and diplomats .
A State Department contracting officer told Blackwater not to hand over documents related to its Iraq contract " unless such disclosure has been authorized in writing . "
In a letter released late Tuesday , the department clarified that position , saying Blackwater could provide unclassified documents to the committee , but concerns about sensitive privacy , security or proprietary data would need to be " properly handled and protected by Committee staff . "
Johannesburg to Cape Town SouthAfrica .
TO survey
21 Sept 2007 flights
surveyed on 25 Aug 2007
Twenty20 cricket rockets Joburg to Cape Town flight prices
1time airline British Airways Kulula Airline Mango Airline Nationwide SAA R1399 R1532 R1251 sold out R1241 R2026
We like to call this a cheap flights survey , but today the flight prices are anything but cheap .
Clearly the 21st of September is not the time to hop onto a cheap flight from Johannesburg to Cape Town .
Amongst all the very expensive flights Nationwide Airlines offers the cheapest flight - Nationwide flight 740 leaves Johannesburg on the 21st September at 1830 and arrives in Cape Town at 2030 ; the flight costs R1241 .
The perfect storm
The table below illustrates how dramatically flight prices from Johannesburg to Cape Town have increased .
Survey date Flight date Flight route Average price 21 April 2007 18 May 2007 Flights from Johannesburg to Cape Town R705 2 June 2007 29 June 2007 Flights from Johannesburg to Cape Town R756 15 July 2007 10 August 2007 Flights from Johannesburg to Cape Town R568 25 August 2007 21 September 2007 Flights from Johannesburg to Cape Town R1,490
Today 's flight prices are nearly double the next most expensive flight prices we 've surveyed on the Joburg to Cape Town route .
Indeed , it 's the most expensive flight prices we 've surveyed on any route in South Africa this year ( second most expensive was an average cost of R1098 for flights from Cape Town to Durban in June ) .
The start of holidays , a long - weekend , the usual shortage of seats on a Friday - add to that a Twenty20 Cricket World Cup Semifinal at Newlands ( Cape Town ) on the 22nd September .... and you have the perfect storm .
The moral of the story - ( copy Jacques Kallis and ) try to avoid travelling to the following venues :
24th September 2007 - Johannesburg - Pro Twenty Cricket World Cup final
22nd September 2007 - Durban - Pro Twenty Cricket World Cup semi-final
22nd September 2007 - Cape Town - Pro Twenty Cricket World Cup semi-final
11th - 20th September - Cape Town , Durban , Johannesburg ( detailed timetable )
Nationwide airlines does it again
Amongst the despair over the high prices it 's easy to forget to give Nationwide airlines proper credit for a fantastic achievement - for the 5th week in a row , Nationwide has offered cheaper flight prices than any of the flight prices which 1 Time , Mango , Kulula.com , British Airways , Interlink or SAA could muster .
For the record , here 's the details of Nationwide 's winning streak :
Mango Airlines sold out
Mango Airlines is sold out of flights again .
Most airlines push their flight prices up as they run out of seats , so as to sell the last seats for greater profit .
Mango airlines , however , is clearly not being run on a commercial basis - and it's not just South Africans that are being subsidised - a lot of foreigners will have bought airline tickets to the Twenty20 cricket world cup ( subsidised by South Africa 's labouring taxpayers ) .
Cheap flights from London to Cape Town
We conducted a survey of prices of flights from London to Cape Town .
Just as in the previous survey we had conducted on this route , KLM Royal Dutch Airlines offered the cheapest flight prices from London to Cape Town ( Air France is in partnership with them , so they offered the same deal ) .
Johannesburg to Durban flights
We 've spruced up our Johannesburg to Durban flights site with a photo taken from the top of the Holiday Inn Garden court on Durban 's beachfront ( see right - somebody 's catching a nice ride on the wave in front of the pier ) .
We 've also added some information on driving from Johannesburg to Durban and taking a train from Johannesburg to Durban ( who says we do n't cater to those who do n't like flying ) .
While on the topic of Durban is it not time that 1 Time Airline moved its base to Durban - like One Time dude , surf 's up !
Kulula to operate flights to London ?
Comair Limited , applied to the International Air Services Licensing Council to operate flights from Johannesburg to London - an extremely competitive route ( one on which SAA has been making losses ) .
Typically , low - cost carriers are not as successful at long - haul routes because of the bigger role which input costs ( like fuel ) play .
However , Kulula airline has not been shy to expand its routes , the latest new route being flights from Johannesburg to Mauritius .
Gidon Novick ( joint chief executive of Comair ) said that Comair would be seeking 2 wide - bodied planes if it was granted a licence to fly the route ( it is theoretically possible that he could fly the Johannesburg - London route under the British Airways brand , but this would be in direct competition with British Airways UK ) .
Overweight Mangos
Pprune.org is a website where pilots go to continue their gossip outside the cockpit .
In a thread the pilots surmise why ( other than stupidity ) several Mango flights from Cape Town to Bloemfontein have been overweight fuel and therefore had to fly wider routes from Cape Town to Bloemfontein in order to burn off the excess fuel ( so much for low cost ! ) .
Skytrax awards to SAA , Kulula & British Airways
A regular SouthAfrica .
TO reader , " CE GUY " , reminded us that we had n't pointed out which airlines won the 2007 Skytrax awards for best airlines ; so for the record :
Singapore Airlines was voted best airline in the world .
British Airways flights won the award for best airline in Europe , best airline operating transatlantic flights and came in 10th best overall ( just behind Emirates flights ) .
South African Airways ( SAA ) was voted best airline in Africa ( we disagree , we think British Airways is better than SAA ) .
Kulula airline was voted the best low cost carrier in South Africa ( and indeed , in Africa ) .
We disagree with Skytrax , we think 1 Time Airline is marginally better than Kulula.com ( if you can look past the fun and games ) .
Air Berlin was voted the best low cost carrier in Europe .
1 Time airline - fighting the good fight
Alluding clearly to Kulula.com 's recent decision to exclude airport taxes from their airfares , 1 Time airline writes on their website : " unlike some of our competitors , these fares include all taxes " .
The other culprits in excluding airport taxes are South African Airways and Interlink airline .
Mango Airlines web traffic
For those interested in statistics , below is a graph which provides an indication of the % of web traffic which Mango Airlines is reaching through its website .
The big spike in traffic in November 2006 is from when Mango Airlines launched .
Fancy a flight from George to Bloemfontein ?
Thanks to input from a reader ( George Flights !!! ) we upgraded our list of airlines operating flights from George to Bloemfontein to reflect the fact that South African Airlink is operating non-stop flights on Sundays .
International airline news
Atlasjet Airline flight hijacking
As if there were n't enough danger flying in planes , passengers have to put up with hijackers and terrorists .
We reported a few weeks back on the Glasgow Airport Terror Attack , now we 've got a hijacking of an Atlasjet airline flight in Turkey .
It would be nice if a few weeks could pass by without muslim extremists trying to destroy the aviation industry .
a Ryanair flights quote
" It must be considered that there is nothing more difficult to carry out , nor more doubtful of success , nor more dangerous to handle , than to initiate a new order of things .
For the reformer has enemies in all those who profit by the old order . "
Tony Ryan quoting Machiavelli in his proposal for a new Irish Airline ; as described in Michael O'Leary 's biography by Alan Ruddock , " A Life in Full Flight : The story of the man who made Ryanair take off " .
Ryanair flights were the brainchild of Tony Ryan , an Irish millionaire .
Holy flight !
Vatican kicks off with pilgrim flights
While 1 Time are " More nice , less price " and Kulula.com are " more than an airline " , a Vatican - based charter plane has more lofty ambitions .
Mistral
Air plans to fly Catholic pilgrims to holy spots like Mexico 's shrine of the Madonna of Guadalupe ; and will have emblazoned on the plane the slogan " I'm Searching for Your Face , Lord " .
Irish skies are smiling
We continue to expand our routes .
We are now covering much more of the beautiful Irish skies - flights from London to Dublin , flights from Manchester to Dublin as well as flights from Glasgow to Dublin .
And while covering Irish flights , in the off chance that Manto reads these pages , we decided to share the Irish excuse - I did n't drink a drop of whisky ( I only drank whiskey ) .
Updated international flight routes
It 's probably not the best time of year to go there , but we 've updated our list of airlines operating flights from London to Palma de Mallorca ( in Spain ) , to include Thomsonfly .
Kang Pacific Airlines
Kang Pacific
Airlines is set to launch operations from the UAE in October , becoming the 5th Airline to be based in the UAE ( the others are Emirates , Air Arabia , Etihad Airways , and RAK Airways ) .
Kang Pacific Airlines will be based at Fujairah International Airport , in the most eastern of the seven emirates .
British Airways taunts European competitors
British Airways plans for the summer of 2008 ( that is the northern hemisphere summer ) include launching transatlantic flights to the USA from European capital cities .
Speculation is that British airways plans to operate :
flights from Brussels to New York
flights from Madrid to New York
flights from Paris to New York
This is likely to lead to a turf war with Air France and Lufthansa , who may respond by offering direct flights from London to New York .
Warning : include ( ../../../../userinput.php5 ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /usr/www / users / southvryrd/transport/Airlines/cheapest-flight-survey/2007/20070825-Johannesburg-to-Cape-Town-flight-prices.php on line 285 Warning : include ( ../../../../userinput.php5 ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /usr/www / users / southvryrd/transport/Airlines/cheapest-flight-survey/2007/20070825-Johannesburg-to-Cape-Town-flight-prices.php on line 285 Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening '../../../../userinput.php5 ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/share/php') in /usr/www/users/southvryrd/transport/Airlines/cheapest-flight-survey/2007/20070825-Johannesburg-to-Cape-Town-flight-prices.php on line 285 Warning : include ( ../../../../permission-to-use-article.php5 ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /usr/www / users / southvryrd/transport/Airlines/cheapest-flight-survey/2007/20070825-Johannesburg-to-Cape-Town-flight-prices.php on line 286 Warning : include ( ../../../../permission-to-use-article.php5 ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /usr/www / users / southvryrd/transport/Airlines/cheapest-flight-survey/2007/20070825-Johannesburg-to-Cape-Town-flight-prices.php on line 286 Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening '../../../../permission-to-use-article.php5 ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/share/php') in /usr/www/users/southvryrd/transport/Airlines/cheapest-flight-survey/2007/20070825-Johannesburg-to-Cape-Town-flight-prices.php on line 286
Those other animations of the World Trade Center disaster you 've seen on the news ?
Illustrative in certain ways , perhaps , but not scientifically accurate .
Now , scientists at Purdue have done the math to develop what they say is a scientifically accurate simulation , and they 've melded the data with realistic animation .
The end result , they say , will be useful for both engineers trying to build buildings that could withstand attack , as well as laypeople trying to understand how the towers were brought down .
The animation is broken down into segments , each showing the impact of a different part of the plane : metal , fuel , dust and glass .
The scientists say the weight of the fuel acted like a flash flood of 10,000 gallons of flaming liquid , like a hot and fast lava flow .
They also found that the airplane metal ripped from the plane seconds after impact .
Watch the animation here .
Heads up : it takes forever to load Thanks to Purdue for sending a link to a smaller version .
Purdue creates scientifically - based animation of 9/11 attack [ press release ]
Rumeurs pas chères sur Wikipédia
Le Wikiscanner de Virgil Griffith a permis de révéler de jolies manipulations de l’encyclopédie en ligne .
Son utilisation sur les sites français fait apparaître quelques perles :
L’encyclopédie en ligne permet de mener gratuitement des campagnes de relations publiques , même si les exemples ci-dessus émanent le plus souvent de geeks qui s’ennuient au boulot plutôt que du département communication .
Le potentiel de ces coups de spin peut être encore plus grand .
Balancer une fausse info comme l’a fait cet employé d’Air France peut avoir de sérieuses conséquences sur les marchés financiers .
Imaginez : Vous publiez une info bidon sur Wikipédia , genre une prévision de résultats en baisse .
L’action baisse , vous achetez .
Le hoax est découvert , l’action remonte et vous revendez le tout avec un joli profit à la clé .
Moins cher et moins illégal qu’un délit d’initié !
Le web collaboratif n’est cependant pas à la source de ces erreurs , plus ou moins intentionnelles .
Apple a connu quelques déboires suite à une bourde d’Engadget en mai dernier .
La palme revient quand même à Reuters , qui arrive , tous les ans , à bluffer les médias du monde entier avec des infos pour le moins chimériques .
Sunday , 15 Apr , 2007 Offbeat
Study shows that during the last five years over 460,000 car accidents took place to British parents while taking their children on the school run .
About 115,000 parents were not informed about the requirements of seat restraints for children in vehicles .
Sainsbury 's Bank has conducted the survey that showed that there are more than 5 million parents driving their children to school between 8.30 and 9 AM , which is the busiest traffic time .
The head of car insurance bank and one of the researchers , Steve Johnson said that while conducting this poll it was revealed that 25 % of parents admitted not to fasten their children 's seat belts properly .
The short route , which is taken five times a week , becomes very familiar both to children and their parents .
This makes the parents feel a false confidence and unable to predict and see potential dangers on the short , routine school runs .
Mr. Johnson added that all parents should not treat the short school runs as absolutely safe and should take extra care about the children 's ( and their own ) seat belts and boosters regardless of familiarity and length of the road .
Powered by www.infoniac.com.
Intemperate allies for me , but not for thee
There ’s no official word yet on whether John Edwards ’ presidential campaign has fired Pandagon ’s Amanda Marcotte and Shakespeare ’s Sister ’s Melissa McEwan yet .
Salon reported that the dismissal has already happened , but Edwards ’ spokesperson cautioned Salon against reporting that they have been fired and said , “ We will have something to say later . ”
Presumably , the internal debate amongst Edwards staffers has been ongoing throughout the day , which in and of itself , is less than encouraging .
The debate need not be that hard — the choice is whether to stand by the campaign ’s own staffers , or fire them for things they wrote before joining the campaign because some far - right voices have demanded it .
I ’ve already done a couple of posts on this , and there are no shortage of perspectives on the story , but I wanted to add that there ’s one picture that ’s been stuck in my head all day .
It ’s this one , taken by White House Photo Director Eric Draper , which ran in the NYT in October .
I realize this is a point I feel compelled to make from time to time , but it simply amazes me that there are two distinct standards for political associations .
High - profile Democrats are supposed to keep their distance from anyone who dares to say anything intemperate , but Republicans have no qualms about maintaining close professional ties to some of the most vitriolic , hate - filled voices in our public discourse .
Indeed , it ’s worth remembering that Rush Limbaugh would have been in the above photo , but could n’t make the meeting .
No matter — not long after the WH meeting , and a week after Limbaugh mocked a man for having Parkinson ’s , the president sat down with the right - wing talk - show host for an interview .
As for the gang in the photo , Nico did a nice job explaining at the time exactly how “ mainstream ” the president ’s friends are .
Amanda and Melissa find themselves today with their jobs on the line because some conservatives were offended by a handful of their blog posts , written long before they had any association with any campaign .
In the meantime , on the other side of the aisle , there is literally nothing a right - right hate - monger can say to reach pariah status in American society .
Ann Coulter can condemn 9/11 widows , but she ’s still in the conservative mainstream .
[ tag ]
Bill O’Reilly [ / tag ] suggested that it ’d be fine with him if [ tag ] al Qaeda [ / tag ] attacked a major American city , but he suffered no consequences .
In 2001 , just 48 hours after 9/11 , [ tag ] Jerry Falwell [ / tag ] said liberal Americans were to blame for the attacks and said the nation “ deserved ” the terrorism , but Republicans are still reaching out to him for political support .
I do n’t know what the Edwards campaign is going to end up doing , but the fact that this is even open to debate suggests the double standard that exists is n’t going anywhere for a while .
Agents from the FBI and Internal Revenue Service on Monday , July 30 , 2007 , searched the home of Stevens .
Stevens refuses to cool jets on ethics
There 's never exactly a convenient time to have one 's house raided by federal agents .
But for Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - Alaska ) the impolitic timing Tuesday was exquisite :
One day after the feds rummaged through his property on a corruption probe , he threatened to try to kill an ethics reform package .
Cracking down on private gifts to lawmakers , Stevens warned colleagues , would make it more expensive for him to travel the vast interior of Alaska on private jets .
Advertisement
The House on Tuesday gave overwhelming approval of a package aimed at curbing the influence of big - money special interests .
Just hours later , Stevens stood up at a closed - door luncheon of fellow Republican senators and Vice President Cheney to register his overwhelming disapproval .
His objection was confirmed by Sen. Larry Craig ( R - Idaho ) , who added that there could be " a lot of holds on this bill " from senators who object to various provisions .
Republican Senate leaders also raised concerns about the bill but did not say whether they would work to block it .
Because the bill changes Senate rules , supporters need 67 votes to move forward with debate .
Senate Minority Whip Trent Lott ( R - Miss . ) said he will vote against cloture and the bill , but he was less certain about the chances of getting 33 of his peers to join him .
" I do n't how many people would have enough courage to stand up and vote against a lobbying and ethics reform bill , " he said .
" I do n't suspect there 's going to be strength and dynamic leadership here , but we 'll see . "
Senate Republicans only discussed the bill for about 15 minutes during their closed - door lunch , Lott said , because Cheney was visiting .
He expects more talks Wednesday .
There is political pressure to vote for the ethics reforms despite the fact that many senators do n't like them , a Republican senate aide said .
" There have been investigations and questions involving some members , and the natural instinct is to do something -- or anything , even if anything is bad -- simply to look productive , " the aide said .
" We 're looking at the path of least resistance versus good legislation , and typically in these situations , the former rather than latter wins out . "
On the House side , Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) , the House Democrats ' campaign chief , said the bill will help Democratic members , especially freshmen who campaigned on a good government platform .
" The passage of this lobbying reform bill will enable each and every one one of them ... to go back home and say , ' We kept our promises .
We did what we said we were going to do .
We delivered on lobbying reform , and we helped change the way business is done in Washington , ' " Van Hollen said .
But the landslide 411 - 8 vote masked significant divisions among Democrats .
Many felt the reforms were merely window dressing , too weak to respond to real problems or lacking the enforcement mechanisms to be effective .
But nearly all of those with reservations backed it anyway , fearing the retribution they could face from editorial boards , political foes and constituents if they did n't .
Rep. Gregory W. Meeks ( D - N.Y. ) said he switched his vote twice before eventually backing the bill .
He was concerned that the bundling disclosure provision would unfairly disadvantage members from less affluent districts .
" It really hurts members who are poor .
We can't go to our neighbors or friends and ask for $ 2,300 .
We have to rely on someone who knows other areas , " he said , referring to lobbyist bundlers who would be required to disclose their activities under the bill .
" We needed to enforce the rules we had so that if someone violated them , they went to jail .
It 's not just making rules for political purposes . "
Rep. Emanuel Cleaver II ( D - Mo. ) , who voted against the bill , echoed those concerns .
" It was well - meaning , but there was n't any language in the bill that would have stopped Bob Ney or Jack Abramoff , " Cleaver said .
" It does n't address the problems because they can't be addressed with legislation .
They can only be addressed with character . "
Both Meeks and Cleaver said many more lawmakers would have voted against the measure had it been a secret ballot .
" Do n't think there were not more than eight people opposed to this , " Cleaver said .
In fact , there were at least nine .
Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill. ) told Cleaver in an elevator after the vote that she meant to vote no but voted yes by mistake .
In addition to Cleaver , Reps. Neil Abercrombie ( D - Hawaii ) , Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) , Allen Boyd ( D - Fla . ) , William Lacy Clay ( D - Mo. ) , Jeff Flake ( R - Ariz . ) , John P. Murtha ( D - Pa. ) and John Tanner ( D - Tenn . ) voted against the bill .
Clay had perhaps the most pointed criticism .
" I thought the vote was a whole lot of hub - hub over nothing , " he said .
" It was one of the more apparent exercises in futility I 've witnessed in my seven years here . "
" Here 's a prediction , " he added .
" It will not push our poll ratings up one point . "
John Bresnahan and Martin Kady II contributed to this story .
Written by Adrian Holovaty on January 26 , 2007
And now for something completely different .
Tonight I recorded my own acoustic - guitar arrangement of the MacGyver theme song .
For reference , here 's the original theme song .
YouTube also has a bunch of piano versions of the theme song , no doubt owing to the fact that MacGyver sheet music is available .
Guitar versions are n't as common , with only three other recordings that I could find .
Oh , and somebody performed the theme on a ruler .
This is the same guy who brought you Super Mario Bros .
theme on a ruler .
For more of my music , check out my gypsy jazz version of the Super Mario Bros. 2 theme and my Metafilter Music page .
UPDATE , Dec. 2012 : I 've tabbed it out on Soundslice for you guitar players out there .
Per Curiam
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
LOS ANGELES COUNTY , CALIFORNIA , et al. v.MAX RETTELE et al .
on petition for writ of certiorari to the united states court of appeals for the ninth circuit
Per Curiam .
Deputies of the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department obtained a valid warrant to search a house , but they were unaware that the suspects being sought had moved out three months earlier .
When the deputies searched the house , they found in a bedroom two residents who were of a different race than the suspects .
The deputies ordered these innocent residents , who had been sleeping unclothed , out of bed .
The deputies required them to stand for a few minutes before allowing them to dress .
The residents brought suit under Rev. Stat . § 1979 , 42 U. S. C. § 1983 , naming the deputies and other parties and accusing them of violating the Fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures .
The District Court granted summary judgment to all named defendants .
The Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed , concluding both that the deputies violated the Fourth Amendment and that they were not entitled to qualified immunity because a reasonable deputy would have stopped the search upon discovering that respondents were of a different race than the suspects and because a reasonable deputy would not have ordered respondents from their bed .
We grant the petition for certiorari and reverse the judgment of the Court of Appeals by this summary disposition .
I
From September to December 2001 , Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department Deputy Dennis Watters investigated a fraud and identity - theft crime ring .
There were four suspects of the investigation .
One had registered a 9 - millimeter Glock handgun .
The four suspects were known to be African - Americans .
On December 11 , Watters obtained a search warrant for two houses in Lancaster , California , where he believed he could find the suspects .
The warrant authorized him to search the homes and three of the suspects for documents and computer files .
In support of the search warrant an affidavit cited various sources showing the suspects resided at respondents ’ home .
The sources included Department of Motor Vehicles reports , mailing address listings , an outstanding warrant , and an Internet telephone directory .
In this Court respondents do not dispute the validity of the warrant or the means by which it was obtained .
What Watters did not know was that one of the houses ( the first to be searched ) had been sold in September to a Max Rettele .
He had purchased the home and moved into it three months earlier with his girlfriend Judy Sadler and Sadler ’s 17 - year - old son Chase Hall .
All three , respondents here , are Caucasians .
On the morning of December 19 , Watters briefed six other deputies in preparation for the search of the houses .
Watters informed them they would be searching for three African - American suspects , one of whom owned a registered handgun .
The possibility a suspect would be armed caused the deputies concern for their own safety .
Watters had not obtained special permission for a night search , so he could not execute the warrant until 7 a.m. See Cal. Penal Code Ann. § 1533 ( West 2000 ) .
Around 7:15 Watters and six other deputies knocked on the door and announced their presence .
Chase Hall answered .
The deputies entered the house after ordering Hall to lie face down on the ground .
The deputies ’ announcement awoke Rettele and Sadler .
The deputies entered their bedroom with guns drawn and ordered them to get out of their bed and to show their hands .
They protested that they were not wearing clothes .
Rettele stood up and attempted to put on a pair of sweatpants , but deputies told him not to move .
Sadler also stood up and attempted , without success , to cover herself with a sheet .
Rettele and Sadler were held at gunpoint for one to two minutes before Rettele was allowed to retrieve a robe for Sadler .
He was then permitted to dress .
Rettele and Sadler left the bedroom within three to four minutes to sit on the couch in the living room .
By that time the deputies realized they had made a mistake .
They apologized to Rettele and Sadler , thanked them for not becoming upset , and left within five minutes .
They proceeded to the other house the warrant authorized them to search , where they found three suspects .
Those suspects were arrested and convicted .
Rettele and Sadler , individually and as guardians ad litem for Hall , filed this § 1983 suit against Los Angeles County , the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department , Deputy Watters , and other members of the sheriff ’s department .
Respondents alleged petitioners violated their Fourth Amendment rights by obtaining a warrant in reckless fashion and conducting an unreasonable search and detention .
The District Court held that the warrant was obtained by proper procedures and the search was reasonable .
It concluded in the alternative that any Fourth Amendment rights the deputies violated were not clearly established and that , as a result , the deputies were entitled to qualified immunity .
On appeal respondents did not challenge the validity of the warrant ; they did argue that the deputies had conducted the search in an unreasonable manner .
A divided panel of the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed in an unpublished opinion .
186Fed. Appx. 765 ( 2006 ) .
The majority held that
“ because ( 1 ) no African - Americans lived in [ respondents ’ ] home ; ( 2 ) [ respondents ] , a Caucasian couple , purchased the residence several months before the search and the deputies did not conduct an ownership inquiry ; ( 3 ) the African - American suspects were not accused of a crime that required an emergency search ; and ( 4 ) [ respondents ] were ordered out of bed naked and held at gunpoint while the deputies searched their bedroom for the suspects and a gun , we find that a reasonable jury could conclude that the search and detention were ‘ unnecessarily painful , degrading , or prolonged , ’ and involved ‘ an undue invasion of privacy , ’ Franklin v. Foxworth , 31 F. 3d 873 , 876 ( 9th Cir. 1994 ) . ” Id. , at 766 .
Turning to whether respondents ’
Fourth Amendment rights were clearly established , the majority held that a reasonable deputy should have known the search and detention were unlawful .
Judge Cowen dissented .
In his view the deputies had authority to detain respondents for the duration of the search and were justified in ordering respondents from their bed because weapons could have been concealed under the bedcovers .
He also concluded that , assuming a constitutional violation , the law was not clearlyestablished .
The Court of Appeals denied rehearing and rehearing en banc .
II
Because respondents were of a different race than the suspects the deputies were seeking , the Court of Appeals held that “ [ a ] fter taking one look at [ respondents ] , the deputies should have realized that [ respondents ] were not the subjects of the search warrant and did not pose a threat to the deputies ’ safety . ”
Ibid .
We need not pause long in rejecting this unsound proposition .
When the deputies ordered respondents from their bed , they had no way of knowing whether the African - American suspects were elsewhere in the house .
The presence of some Caucasians in the residence did not eliminate the possibility that the suspects lived there as well .
As the deputies stated in their affidavits , it is not uncommon in our society for people of different races to live together .
Just as people of different races live and work together , so too might they engage in joint criminal activity .
The deputies , who were searching a house where they believed a suspect might be armed , possessed authority to secure the premises before deciding whether to continue with the search .
In Michigan v. Summers , 452 U. S. 692 ( 1981 ) , this Court held that officers executing a search warrant for contraband may “ detain the occupants of the premises while a proper search is conducted . ”
Id. , at 705 .
In weighing whether the search in Summers was reasonable the Court first found that “ detention represents only an incremental intrusion on personal liberty when the search of a home has been authorized by a valid warrant . ”
Id. , at 703 .
Against that interest , it balanced “ preventing flight in the event that incriminating evidence is found ” ; “ minimizing the risk of harm to the officers ” ; and facilitating “ the orderly completion of the search . ”
Id. , at 702–703 ; see Muehler v. Mena , 544 U. S. 93 ( 2005 ) .
In executing a search warrant officers may take reasonable action to secure the premises and to ensure their own safety and the efficacy of the search .
Id. , at 98–100 ; see also id. , at 103 ( Kennedy , J. , concurring ) ; Summers , supra , at 704–705 .
The test of reasonableness under the Fourth Amendment is an objective one .
Graham v. Connor , 490 U. S. 386 , 397 ( 1989 ) ( addressing the reasonableness of a seizure of the person ) .
Unreasonable actions include the use of excessive force or restraints that cause unnecessary pain or are imposed for a prolonged and unnecessary period of time .
Mena , supra , at 100 ; Graham , supra , at 396–399 .
The orders by the police to the occupants , in the context of this lawful search , were permissible , and perhaps necessary , to protect the safety of the deputies .
Blankets and bedding can conceal a weapon , and one of the suspects was known to own a firearm , factors which underscore this point .
The Constitution does not require an officer to ignore the possibility that an armed suspect may sleep with a weapon within reach .
The reports are replete with accounts of suspects sleeping close to weapons .
See United States v. Enslin , 327 F. 3d 788 , 791 ( CA9 2003 ) ( “ When [ the suspect ] put his hands in the air and began to sit up , his movement shifted the covers and the marshals could see a gun in the bed next to him ” ) ; see also United States v. Jones , 336 F. 3d 245 , 248 ( CA3 2003 ) ( suspect kept a 9 - millimeter Luger under his pillow while he slept ) ; United States v. Hightower , 96 F. 3d 211 ( CA7 1996 ) ( suspect kept a loaded five - shot handgun under his pillow ) ; State v. Willis , 36,759 –KA , p. 3 ( La. App. 4/9/03 ) , 843 So. 2d 592 , 595 ( officers “ pulled back the bed covers and found a .38 caliber Model 10 Smith and Wesson revolver located near where defendant ’s left hand had been ” ) ; State v. Kypreos , 115 Wash .
App. 207 , 61 P. 3d 352 ( 2002 ) ( suspect kept a handgun in the bed ) .
The deputies needed a moment to secure the room and ensure that other persons were not close by or did not present a danger .
Deputies were not required to turn their backs to allow Rettele and Sadler to retrieve clothing or to cover themselves with the sheets .
Rather , “ [t ] he risk of harm to both the police and the occupants is minimized if the officers routinely exercise unquestioned command of the situation . ”
Summers , 452 U. S. , at 702–703 .
This is not to say , of course , that the deputies were free to force Rettele and Sadler to remain motionless and standing for any longer than necessary .
We have recognized that “ special circumstances , or possibly a prolonged detention ” might render a search unreasonable .
See id. , at 705 , n. 21 .
There is no accusation that the detention here was prolonged .
The deputies left the home less than 15 minutes after arriving .
The detention was shorter and less restrictive than the 2 - to 3 - hour handcuff detention upheld in Mena .
See 544 U. S. , at 100 .
And there is no allegation that the deputies prevented Sadler and Rettele from dressing longer than necessary to protect their safety .
Sadler was unclothed for no more than two minutes , and Rettele for only slightly more time than that .
Sadler testified that once the police were satisfied that no immediate threat was presented , “ they wanted us to get dressed and they were pressing us really fast to hurry up and get some clothes on . ”
Deposition of Judy Lorraine Sadler in No. CV–0206262–RSWL ( RNBX ) ( CD Cal. , June 10 , 2003 ) , Doc. 26 , Exh.
4 , p. 55 .
The Fourth Amendment allows warrants to issue on probable cause , a standard well short of absolute certainty .
Valid warrants will issue to search the innocent , and people like Rettele and Sadler unfortunately bear the cost .
Officers executing search warrants on occasion enter a house when residents are engaged in private activity ; and the resulting frustration , embarrassment , and humiliation may be real , as was true here .
When officers execute a valid warrant and act in a reasonable manner to protect themselves from harm , however , the Fourth Amendment is not violated .
As respondents ’ constitutional rights were not violated , “ there is no necessity for further inquiries concerning qualified immunity . ”
Saucier v. Katz , 533 U. S. 194 , 201 ( 2001 ) .
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed , and the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with this opinion .
It is so ordered .
Justice Souter would deny the petition for a writ of certiorari .
Thursday , 19 Apr , 2007 Science
One of the latest inventions in the field of light emitting devices might change the way people light their homes and design clothes .
The device represents a thin film of plastic able to conduct electricity and create solar power .
Scientists working on the international project are looking forward to bring the organic light emitting devices to the masses .
Thus the invention could significantly cut costs by billions of dollars each year .
Due to the fact that the organic light emitting devices are very thin and flexible , electronic display screens could be easily created on nearly every material , thus , for example , clothing could , for the first time in history , display specific electronic information .
There are various ways of using the this OLED , like for example change the color of clothes , beer can would be able to display various sports results .
In addition the OLED is much more efficient than the light bulb used today .
Currently these devices are applied in mobile phones and MP3 players .
However , such OLED is not quite reliable for large TV or computer screens .
In order to make the device more efficient so later to launch it to mass market , the international consortium of researches , Modecom , headed by the University of Bath , United Kingdom , started a three - year project which will cost about $ 1,700,000 .
Modecom comprises 13 groups from 9 universities and two companies .
There are three groups from the United Kingdom , six groups from the United States and one group from China and one each from three European countries including Belgium , Italy and Denmark .
Only the European countries and China will receive financial aid from the European Union .
The coordinator of Modecom is Dr Alison Walker , who represents the Department of Physics of the University of Bath .
" This is a long - term project , and the contributions of many scientists are needed for its success ...
Success in achieving the goals of cheap , efficient and long lasting devices is essential as we must do everything we can to reduce our energy costs , " he stated .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
McLaren chief Ron Dennis ( centre ) was beseiged by the media in Paris
The team were also fined a record $ 100 m ( £ 49.2 m ) , which includes any prize and television money they would have earned from the constructors ' championship .
But drivers Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso can keep their points .
The team must also prove there is no Ferrari " intellectual property " in their cars next year before racing .
The decision means Ferrari , who go into this weekend 's Belgian Grand Prix second in the constructors ' championship , 57 points ahead of third - placed BMW Sauber , are almost certain to be crowned champions .
Having been at the hearing I do not accept that we deserve to be penalised or our reputation damaged in this way
McLaren boss Ron Dennis
The row centres on McLaren being in possession of a confidential 780 - page technical document belonging to Ferrari .
When he left the hearing , FIA president Max Mosley was asked if justice had been done , and replied " Yes " .
A Ferrari statement said : " In light of new evidence , facts and behaviour of an extremely serious nature and grossly prejudicial to the interest of the sport have been further demonstrated .
" Ferrari is satisfied that the truth has now emerged . "
The World Motor Sport Council said it would publish the reasoning behind its verdict on Friday .
And McLaren team chief Ron Dennis said he would wait until then before deciding whether to appeal .
" We believe we have grounds for appeal but of course we are going to wait for the findings of the FIA which are going to be published , " Dennis explained .
" The most important thing is that we go motor racing this weekend , the rest of the season and next season . "
606 : DEBATE
Although he was clearly relieved that the team could continue racing , Dennis was understandably upset at what he saw as the besmirching of the team name .
" Having been at the hearing I do not accept that we deserve to be penalised or our reputation damaged in this way , " he said .
" Today 's evidence given to the FIA by our drivers , engineers and staff clearly demonstrated we did not use any leaked information to gain a competitive advantage .
" The WMSC received statements from Fernando Alonso , Lewis Hamilton and Pedro de la Rosa stating categorically no Ferrari information had been used by McLaren , and that no confidential data had been passed to the team .
" The entire engineering team in excess of 140 people provided statements to the FIA affirming they had never received or used the Ferrari information .
" We have never denied that the information from Ferrari was in the personal possession of one of our employees at his home .
Lewis Hamilton and team - mate Fernando Alonso keep their points
" The issue is : was this information used by McLaren ?
This is not the case and has not been proven . "
At the first hearing into the row , on 26 July , McLaren got off without punishment , but another hearing was convened after new evidence emerged , and that led to the points deduction and huge financial penalty .
Three - time world champion Sir Jackie Stewart believes there is more information to be made public .
" All I can say , without being in full command of all of the information , is that the offence must be considerably larger than has been projected either by the governing body of the sport or within the media , " he told BBC Radio 5 live .
" This is n't murder that has been carried out , this is something that has happened before and there was n't even a fine or disciplinary action taken by the same governing body .
" There is something very strange going on , there is no doubt about that .
" From what information we have been given so far , this does not constitute a penalty of this scale with regards to the crime that has been carried out .
" And even if they were found guilty of that particular crime , it does n't justify this kind of penalty . "
THE property boom might be over , but Ireland could be on the verge of an oil and gas boom to rival the concrete economy of the last tenyears .
According to the Petroleum Affairs Division of the Department of Communications , Marine and Natural Resources , there is at least 10 billion barrels of oil lying off the west coast Ireland - which has a current value of € 450bn ( €50 a barrel ) .
Added to gas supplies , energy exports have the potential to transform Ireland into a new Middle East .
" A recent regional assessment estimated resources in the Porcupine and Rockall Basins at ten billion barrels of oil .
Estimates are based on comparisons with the geology of other regions with proven success , " explained Helen Chandler , spokesperson for the Department of Communications , Marine and Natural Resources .
In a recently publishedscientific report by the Petroleum Affairs Division , entitled Atlantic Ireland , it stated : " The potential shows volumes of over 130 billion barrels of oil and 50 trillion cubic feet of gas . "
Most of these deposits have been pinpointed along anunderwater ridge known as the Atlantic Margin which runs parallel to the west coast of Ireland in a more or less straight line before arcing off towards Scotland and the North Sea onwards towards Scandinavia .
To date , the Atlantic Ridge has n't let anyone down .
The Dunquin gas field which is 200 km off the coast of Kerry contains an astonishing 25 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and 4,130 million barrels of oil .
Put into context , this alone would meet our gas needs - at present consumption levels - for the next 62 years .
The Dunquin field is being principally developed by Exxon Mobil : " With Dunquin we are planning to drill wells next year and 2009 .
It is deep water , and as a rule of thumb , it takes about five years to get a field into production , so we are looking at 2013 to 2015 .
" The gas will be brought ashore in a pipeline and the oil tankered away , " explained John O'Sullivan , Exploration Manager with ProvidenceResources , who have a stake in Dunquin and fields off the coast of Clare .
Further up the coast is the Spanish Point field , which is 200 km off the coast of Clare .
The field has known reserves of one and a quarter trillion cubic feet of gas and 206 million barrels of oil , and is valued at € 19.6bn .
" At Spanish Point we are looking at drilling wells next year and looking at production in that field in 2011 , " explained John O'Sullivan .
Further North lies Corrib , County Mayo , which has an estimated value of anywhere between € 8bn to € 87bn .
The field , which has been the scene of much controversy , is being developed by Shell , Marathon and Statoil which is owned by the Norwegian government .
Inland lies the Lough Allen basin - an area which was largely famous as a bog .
But now the area has been notionally valued at € 74.4bn and contains 9.4 trillion cubic feet of gas and 1.5 billionbarrels of oil .
The vast field lies beneath Lough Allen and straddles Cavan , Fermanagh , Leitrim , Roscommon and Sligo .
" The answer to a large part of our security of supply could be in the North West of Ireland .
It has the potential to turn from a gas importer to a gas exporter , " explains Tom Davitt , CEO of Finavera , who are planning to develop the field in the near future ( No date yet ) .
At present , nine new Frontier Exploration Licences and five Petroleum Prospecting Licences are outstanding for areas off the Donegal coast .
But what will Ireland make from all this oil and gas ?
Taxes , is the answer .
" There is no profit sharing procedures , the State take is obtained through the taxregime .
In the case ofpetroleum income , the rate is 25 per cent compared to the general 12.5 per cent tax .
" A review of the licensing terms including the tax rates has recently been completed and will be considered by the Government in the nearfuture , " explained Helen Chandler of the Department of Communications , Marine and Natural Resources .
Currently Ireland imports 85 per cent of its energy needs and is the last port of call in a very long pipeline that extends all the way from Russia across Western Europe , Britain and finally Ireland .
It was sometime last year that I first came up with the idea of combining two of my favourite things – choclate and Lego – but did n’t really know where to start .
I knew I ’d need some kind of mold , but never got around to working out the best way to make one .
And then I discovered Lego Ice Cube Trays and immediately knew they ’d be perfect for what I wanted .
Unfortunately , the Lego shop does n’t sell the trays in the UK , but a quick search of eBay and I found one .
My plan was simple .
Instead of filling them with water , I ’d just use melted chocolate .
And – much to my amazement and delight – it actually worked .
My Chocolate Lego did contain a few imperfections , but I think that just adds to the character .
The process was very simple :
1 . Melt the chocolate .
The best way to melt chocolate is in a bowl over a saucepan of boiling water .
That way you can control the temperature so the chocolate melts evenly and wo n’t burn .
You can use any chocolate for making your bricks , but I found dark chocolate works best simply because it ’s harder than milk or white chocolate .
2. Spoon or pour the chocolate into the mold .
3 . Use a plastic spatula to smooth the chocolate into the mold , making sure to push it into the corners .
Make sure the chocolate is exactly level with the top of the mold to give the bricks a nice flat , even base .
4 . Put it into the fridge to set .
I recommend leaving it overnight to make sure the chocolate is solid all the way through .
This will make it much easier to remove from the mold .
5 . Once set , simply push your chocolate lego out of the tray .
I found the bricks came out very easily as the tray is made of soft rubber .
If you need to , use a sharp knife to trim off any excess chocolate from the bricks .
Building With Chocolate Lego
You may have noticed the obvious drawback of making chocolate Lego in this way .
Because the bricks are solid , you ca n’t ‘ click ’ it together like real Lego .
But this is chocolate , and even if you could click it together , you ’d probably never get it apart anyway !
The best way to build with these bricks is simply to treat them like proper bricks – i.e. use a cement to stick them together .
By ‘ cement ’ , I do of course mean icing / frosting .
Pretty much any icing will do , but why not try Simon ’s recipe for chocolate fudge icing .
Taking it Further
Making Chocolate
Lego this way is incredibly easy , and once you have a supply of bricks , there ’s no end to what you can create .
You could use different combinations of dark , milk and white chocolate – or even add a few drops of food colouring to white chocolate to make coloured bricks .
So why not get building and let us know what you come up with .
There may even be a special prize if anyone manages to create a Chocolate Lego Dalek Cake …
You might also like ...
Write this day down : 4/4/07 , it is the first day of the new psychiatry .
Everything changes , starting today .
Today , in the New England Journal Of Medicine , is an article ostensibly about the lack of additional benefit from adding an antidepressant to a mood stabilizer .
This is both surprising and not surprising : surprising , because , well , you 'd think two drugs would be better than one .
Not surprising because , well , if the first drug worked , why would a second even be necessary ?
( See # 8 ) .
And if the first did n't work , how do you know the improvement did n't come entirely from the second drug ?
If this is all the article said , it would not be worthy of mention , let alone the herald of a new dynasty .
The study also found that the studied antidepressants did not induce mania .
That this should have been prima facie obvious even to a 9 year old without the benefit of eyes ( what 's an antidepressant ?
They 're not all chemically similar , so why should they all be blamed for the same side effects ? ) is n't the point here .
The true importance of the study is contained in three statements .
If you blinked , you would have missed them .
The first is this :
Mood stabilizers were initially limited to lithium , valproate , the combination of lithium and valproate , or carbamazepine .
In 2004 , the protocol was amended to define mood stabilizers operationally as any FDA - approved antimanic agent .
The second is this , from the abstract :
Our study was designed to determine whether adjunctive antidepressant therapy reduces symptoms of bipolar depression ...
And the third is this :
In summary , for the treatment of bipolar depression , we found that mood - stabilizing monotherapy provides as much benefit as treatment with mood stabilizers combined with a standard antidepressant .
Psychiatry is not about science , it is about language , politics .
What 's happened here is that " mood stabilizer " now includes atypical antipsychotics ; and -- compare what the study was designed to show and what they spun it to show -- we 've gone from " polypharmacy is not better " to " monotherapy with mood stabilizers [ read : antipsychotics ] is just as good as two drugs at once . "
There 's a subtlety there , and that subtlety is magnificent .
Note the authors : Sachs , Bowden , Calabrese , Thase , etc -- the same people who pushed psychiatry into flowchart polypharmacy ; where Depakote was always first line for all phases of bipolar disorder , and any exacerbations that developed were treated with the addition of a second medication .
What the article is saying is that academic psychiatrists are no longer behind antidepressants and antiepileptics .
SSRI and SNRI use will decline from here , as will Depakote .
They 're behind antispychotics .
And antipsychotic use is positioned to explode .
It goes without saying : only the antipsychotics are still branded .
But without academics pushing SSRIs , their use will wane -- and , importantly , so will their support of the diagnosis " Major Depression . "
This is going to sound controversial , inane , but it will happen .
Look for upcoming articles finding that " Depression " is overdiagnosed , that it is really just -- life .
Look for articles that now find SSRIs are n't that effective after all , that the old " 10 % better than placebo " is a statistical trick with little clinical utility .
That they are way overused in kids .
You might say , wait , is n't the decline of polypharmacy a good thing ; that SSRIs are overused in kids ; that they are n't that great ; and that depression is overdiagnosed ?
All of this is true , but this is n't psychiatry finally coming to its senses ; this is psychiatry entering the manic phase .
Sure , it 's less SSRIs for kids ; but it 's more antipsychotics .
Because simultaneously there will be articles pushing the idea that recurrent unipolar depression is really bipolar depression ; that there are common genetic or heritability patterns ; that the epidemiology and course is similar , etc .
The move will be to squeeze out MDD into " life " and bipolar .
This done , antipsychotics become first line agents .
Oh , and look for antipsychotics to get FDA approvals for kids .
I wish I could make this clearer , but I 'm still recovering from my recent bout with death .
There 's no science here , only a tinkering with language and loyalties , with staggering results .
Do n't blame Pharma quite yet -- this is a NIMH study .
I am not against antipsychotics , and I have long tried to tell anyone who would listen that the data clearly show they are superior to antiepileptics .
But this is n't psychiatry suddenly waking from a coma , aha !
it turns out the existing data do show antipsychotics are mood stabilizers !
Instead of using them to replace antiepileptics , they will use them to replace everything : SSRIs , benzos , antiepileptics , stimulants , etc .
And polypharmacy will only be reincarnated -- in the form of multiple simultaneous antipsychotics ( Abiliquel , anyone ? ) , with preposterous pharmacologic justifications ( " this one acts on serotonin , so it 's the antidepressant , and this one on dopamine , so it's the antimanic . " )
If anyone says that to you , stab them .
You do n't get many changes like this , maybe once every ten years -- the last was the beginning of the Depakote era , and before that was the advent of SSRIs , each with it 's own erroneous semantics ( " kindling model ; " " serotonin model of depression . " )
I wish all the patients in the world good luck , you 'll need it .
Not because of the antipsychotics themselves , which will work or not , oblivious to doctor and diagnosis ; but because of the doctors , who take little interest in examining the evidence behind their practice , and even less interest in reevaluating its core principles ; and who lack the courage to even treat what they see , instead resorting to artificial , and wrong , paradigms and algorithms .
There 's not even pseudoscience here .
Psychiatry is being lead by the siren call of semiotics , and it is saying , follow me , I am made of words ...
Learning programming is like learning anything else .
You have to start at the basics .
Much like you wo n't be able to ride a bike without first being able to identify what a bike is and how you make it go , you 'll need to know some of the essentials before whipping up your first " hello world . "
Amro had a little programming experience under his belt , but not enough knowledge to test out of an early C++ course .
Still , he was in good shape compared to the rest of the class , knowing the difference between public , private , protected , classes , structs , pointers , etc .
Amro found himself nodding off in the class since he already knew most of the material .
He 'd perk up if he heard mention of a concept unfamiliar to him or one that he would like to bone up on , but spent most of his time doodling in his notebook .
When the teacher began talking about object - oriented programming , he decided to pay attention .
She began describing objects and their properties and methods , instancing , and protection .
Amro found that he'd had the wrong idea of the difference between public and private for months .
" When you declare your functions and variables public , anyone can open your program in an IDE and see the source code .
But if you use private variables and functions they wo n't be able to see anything because it will be protected . "
Amro did something that could only be described as a wide - eyed gaspcoughchoke and left the class , never to return again .
I can only speculate that he missed a lecture about too many static methods causing damage to the computer 's internal circuitry .
By Lucy Williamson
BBC News , Gaza City
While Israeli forces fight militants across its northern border , and the Israeli public waits for the return of its captured soldiers , the other fight - and the search for Israel 's other captured soldier - has been continuing in Gaza , to the south .
Civilians were among those killed in the latest violence
The posters on the walls of the Palestine Liberation Organisation shop tell the story in life - size techni-colour .
Alongside the portrait of the late Palestinian leader , Yasser Arafat , these days are two pictures of the Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah .
Inside the shop , owner Ahmed Abu - Dayyeh points out the Hezbollah stickers and giant posters nestling amongst Arafat mugs and Palestinian flags .
It is the new Lebanese items that are in greatest demand now , he says .
Many are being bought up by demonstrators , taking part in weekly rallies in support of Hassan Nasrallah and his Islamic army .
In the northern town of Beit Lahiya today , hundreds paraded through the streets after Friday prayers , waving the black and yellow flags of Hezbollah and chanting slogans in support of its leader .
Gazans feel intimately involved in events on Israel 's northern border .
Many see it as two fronts in the same battle .
And they see Hassan Nasrallah as a leader , not only of Hezbollah , but also of the Palestinians .
" As a leader , I feel he 's better than our leaders , " says Mohammed Zaqud , as the demonstration passes Beit Lahiya 's main square .
" He 's more credible , more organised , and they have more capabilities . "
" He retaliates on our behalf , " another woman tells me .
" He retaliates for those killed by the Israelis , families killed by Israeli shelling . "
United again
These kinds of sentiments may not be wholly welcomed by the Palestinians ' new ruling party , the militant group Hamas .
But it too has gained something from the current situation .
Many Palestinians are frustrated with the failures of their new , elected government .
Hamas , elected by a landslide in January , had promised to end corruption and improve the lives of ordinary Palestinians .
Israeli troops are seeking to stop rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip
Instead , Western donors blocked aid to the Palestinian Authority , and clashes between Hamas and their main political rival Fatah led to gunfights in Gaza 's streets .
Before the current crisis , many Palestinians were disillusioned with their new democracy - and their divided leaders .
Now , Palestinians are again united against their powerful neighbour .
The picture in Gaza these days is an old one : Israeli soldiers in Gaza 's refugee camps , militants in the streets .
And the dance between them has settled into a loose rhythm .
Israeli tanks roll into an area , stay for a day or two and roll out again , only to reappear somewhere else .
And in the process , people are dying .
This week was the turn of the Maghazi camp in central Gaza .
For two days , tanks bulldozed houses and pulled up power lines at the eastern edge of the camp , while in the centre , Israeli snipers exchanged fire with Palestinian militants , bunched on street corners , nervously eyeing every vehicle that passed .
And then , after the withdrawal , the funerals .
Fifteen were held in Maghazi .
Among those buried were civilians , including a woman and her daughter .
The conflict might have focused attention on Israel , but it has not solved Gaza 's problems , or lessened the grief .
· Law could force firms to hand over 51 % of shares · Wealth would reward supporters , say analysts
President Robert Mugabe 's government is preparing to seize majority shares in all of Zimbabwe 's foreign - owned businesses and mines , a move that economists warn would be as damaging as the widespread land seizures in the country .
Top of the list of companies expected to be targeted are London - listed mining groups such as Rio Tinto and Anglo American , though recent remarks by Zimbabwean ministers suggested banks such as Standard Chartered and Barclays could also be hit .
One minister said " imperialist companies " would be targeted as they had been operating with what the president described as a " sinister , regime - change agenda " , according to reports .
Last night , a senior source at one British company with a presence in Zimbabwe said any such move would " confirm Mugabe as operating what is , to all intents and purposes , a terrorist regime " .
Mr Mugabe 's cabinet has approved proposed legislation to force all foreign - owned companies to cede 51 % of their shares to black Zimbabweans .
The empowerment bill is going through a final drafting process before it is presented to parliament , said top government officials .
The Mugabe government has already drafted an amendment to the Mining Act , which requires all foreign - owned mines to have 51 % of their shares owned by " indigenous " Zimbabweans .
In both proposed bills it is widely understood that the new black Zimbabwean shareholders would have to be closely tied to Mr Mugabe 's ruling party , Zanu - PF .
Officials have said that if companies cannot find acceptable indigenous Zimbabweans then the government can make suggestions .
Economists warn the actions would severely hurt Zimbabwe 's already battered economy , which is suffering 3,700 % inflation , the world 's highest .
Zimbabwe 's economy has shrunk by 50 % since 1999 , an unprecedented contraction in a country not at war , according to the World Bank .
The seizure of majority stakes in businesses and mines would increase inefficiency , mismanagement and corruption , according to many business executives , who point to the disastrous land seizures .
Once a food exporter , Zimbabwe has been reliant on international food aid for six consecutive years .
Independent analysts say the new moves are simply the latest example of Mr Mugabe 's plundering of the economy .
" Mugabe operates on a patronage system and he is running out of farms to give away to his supporters , " said the independent Harare economist John Robertson .
" Now he is looking for new areas of the economy to hand over .
If this legislation becomes law , it will be like legalising theft .
It will be a death knell to many companies . "
Cabinet approval of corporate seizure legislation has been widely anticipated by many multinational groups .
British American Tobacco once counted Zimbabwe among its lead growers but has dramatically scaled down operations in the country .
Rio Tinto sold off its gold and nickel mining operations to locally owned Rio Zim in 2003 .
Barclays and Standard Chartered , which each employ almost 1,000 staff in Zimbabwe , have received criticism from Mugabe 's opponents for their continued commitment to the country .
Yesterday Barclays issued a statement saying : " We are assessing the potential impact of the proposed legislation on our business in Zimbabwe .
It is early days and the proposed bill may not become law . "
It is expected Mr Mugabe will announce the bills when he opens the new parliamentary session in June .
Once tabled , the bills are virtually assured of passage because of Zanu - PF 's dominance of the House of Assembly and the Senate .
But the government may just hold the draft legislation as a threat to businesses .
The mining legislation has been awaiting presentation to parliament for two years .
Several ministers are not in favour of the move .
In particular , the Reserve Bank governor , Gideon Gono , is understood to be against it , arguing that the actions will stop any new foreign investment at a time when the economy desperately needs foreign currency .
「 ダウンロード違法化／iPodの補償金対象化」がほぼ決定した件と、ITmediaの記事で抜粋されている発言についての補足
●補償金はDRM強化よりまし？――私的録音録画小委員会で議論（ITmedia）
大詰めを迎えてる文化審議会の私的録音録画小委員会の議論。これに去年の春から参加してるわけですが、まぁ最近ははっきり言って徒労感ばかり感じる委員会だなと思いつつ、まぁそれも勉強だなと思って参加してますよ。
で、9月5日の小委員会でITmediaである種余談的にした俺の発言が大フィーチャーされて記事のタイトルまで使われていて、スラッシュドットなんかではすっかり俺が補償金賛成派の寄生虫呼ばわりされているので（何か文句付けるならもうちょっと記事の詳細なり、これまでの経緯とかそのへん理解してから言ってくれと思うが、まぁそんなのはWeb 2.0時代には到底通用しない理屈であり、そもそもスラドの連中に何リテラシーとかまともななこと期待してるの？（ﾌﾟ
とか言われたら「それもその通りですね」と答えざるを得ない状況の中）こりゃまあ少なくとも発言の意図とかは、そこに至る前後の文脈などは明らかにしておかなきゃいけないと思い、久々にエントリを書く午前３時←今ココ！
さて、問題となっている記事中の「補償金制度がなくなったら、DRMやコピーガードが強化される可能性がある。DRMが強化されるか、補償金を支払うかの2択なら、補償金を支払う方を選ぶ」という発言だが、これは確かに俺は言った。
でも、この発言につながる前に「前提 」 と「なぜこれを言うに至ったのか」ということの簡単な説明をしている。そのあたりが省略された状態でこの発言だけ取り出されてセンセーショナルな記事タイトルだけ付けられるのは、ちょっとそれはどうなのよ？
と思ってしまうことは事実。ま、自分もレポート記事を書く場合は程度の差こそあれ、似たようなことしなきゃいけない部分はあるし、そういう編集をメディアがするのは（善し悪しは別として）俺はわかってなきゃいけない立場だから、あまりそれについてグダグダ言うつもりもない。訂正を申し入れてもしょうがない話なので、自分のブログで意図を説明します。本当にブログがあって良かったよね。メディアに自分の意図と違う発言が乗ったときに本人が反論否定できるカウンターメディアができたというのは、インターネットがもたらした最大の利点の１つなんじゃないかと思ってるよ、俺は。
また話がそれてきた。えーと、細かい発言はあとで文化庁のサイト上で議事録公開されるので、それを追ってもらえばと思うけど、「補償金制度がなくなったら、DRMやコピーガードが強化される可能性がある」という発言の前に俺が言ったのは「この2年間のなかなか進まない膠着した議論を見てきて僕が思うのは、そもそも論的なものが有効に機能してもし補償金がなくなったら、権利者の人たちは確実にDRMを強化してくるだろうなということ。良い悪いではなく、そういう厳しいDRMが普及する状況になって消費者が自由にコンテンツを楽しめなくなるのなら、返還制度がきちんと実効的に機能する枠組みがある上で1台あたり数十円とか上限を非常に安く設定して補償金を払い、その上で家庭内の私的複製を阻むようなことを権利者がしない……つまり補償金がなくてDRMが厳しい世界と、広く薄い（十分に安い）補償金払って家庭内ではコンテンツを自由にコピーできる世界の二択しかないなら、僕は後者を選ぶ」というような趣旨のこと。細かい発言とは多分違うかもしれないけど、少なくともそういう意図があってかなり細かい条件を付けて、この話をした。
あともう１個重要なのは、この話が椎名委員から「賛成だ」と言われたので、それに対して釘を刺す意味で「ただし、補償金払って良いとさっき僕が言ったのは、返還制度が機能して、十分に安い補償金で、さらには家庭内では自由にコンテンツのコピーができるような環境を権利者がきちんとユーザーに対して保証するという前提があれば、という話。少なくとも今議論の俎上にのぼってる「著作権法30条を改正して、ネット上に上がっている違法著作物のダウンロードを私的複製の外に置いて、ダウンロードする行為を犯罪化させるような状況だったら、補償金払うことは飲めませんよ」という趣旨の返答をしている。
つまりこれは、現実的には文化庁の思惑や権利者の主張とこの審議会の審議の動き方を見るに、「補償金なくしてDRMバリバリの世界にいくか、補償金払う代わりに今までの私的複製の自由な範囲はいじらない」という二択しか（この審議会においては）現実解として存在しえないだろう」と俺が判断して、そんな状況に対してある種皮肉混じりで発言した部分もあるわけです。
だって、このまま行くとこの小委員会、文化庁が書いた絵（それは要するに音楽業界、テレビ業界、映画業界の権利者の要望を１００％受け入れるということだね）で著作権法改正決まっちゃうよ。その骨子は
あと２回を残した委員会の議事進行を見てると、もうこの２つは確定的になってしまったという感じ。前回の小委員会で「30条を改正して違法著作物のダウンロードを私的複製の外に置くというのは、概ね了承を得た」という文化庁のまとめに対して俺は「いや、僕は了承してないし、これ僕どうしても止めたいんですけど、それはどうすればいいんでしょう？
これもう決まっちゃったことなんですか？」と身も蓋もない疑問を口にしたら、会場全員苦笑いみたいな空気に包まれて俺がいたたまれなくなったりもしたんだけど、本当にこれ、補償金とかどうでもいい小さな問題で、多くのネットユーザーを潜在的に犯罪者にするような法改正しちゃっていいのかよ、という懸念はずっとある。
だから、今回の発言はこういう状況に対するあてこすりみたいな部分ははっきり言えばあるよ。「30条の変更撤回するなら、まぁ補償金払ってもいいよ。でもどうせできないよね？」みたいな感じね。
まぁ俺はユーザー代表ではないし、実際今回のITmediaの記事への反応見てると「DRM厳しくて補償金なし／DRMなしで補償金払う」の二択なら前者を選ぶって人も結構いるみたいだから、これはもうユーザー代表としてではなく、俺の個人的な意見でこれを言っているということは理解してもらいたいわけです。だってさぁ、音楽別に好きじゃない人は糞厳しいDRMの世界になって音楽聴かなくなって、音楽業界が勝手に衰退しても困らないだろうけど、俺はそんなバカなことして音楽業界に衰退されると困っちゃうんだよね。やっぱ新しい音楽には触れていたいし、ライブに行って感動とかもしたいわけでね。偉そうなこと言うつもりはないけど、端から見て明らかに権利者が頑張ってるDRM強化、保護権利強化、金よこせ的な風潮は、業界の衰退招くだけじゃんって感じてしまうわけですよ。余計なお世話だと思ってる人もたくさんいるだろうけど、業界全体の舵取り失敗してアーティストが迷惑被るのも何だかなーと思うところもありましてね……。まぁだからできるだけ音楽業界とユーザーの意識があんま離れないようなことを目指して、現実的な主張をしようと心がけてるんです。一応これでもね。
で、話を戻すと、俺は実際その二択しかないと思うよ。「補償金そのものがずさんなシステムで妥協の産物で妥当性がない。こんなものはなくすべきだ」って意見は俺もまぁその通りとは思うけど、それでも権利者が意固地にならないための「バッファー」として、数十億レベルなんだったら、「いずれなくなる制度」「十分に低廉な価格」「消費者へのコピーを何らかの形で担保」するという「条件」が揃っているならそれなりの存在意義は補償金にもあると思うんだよね。だって、「DRMフリーにしろ。補償金はゼロにしろ」ってのは消費者は最高な話だろうけど、まぁ実際そんなのは絶対権利者達は受け入れないよ。で、政策がどう決まっていくのかってプロセスを考えたら、そういう状況の中、エンドユーザーがどういう政治的な条件闘争を権利者の人たちとやっていくかって話なわけで、そういう状況を踏まえた中で出てきたのが今回の俺の発言であるわけです。
まとめれ ば
・俺は下記の条件が整うなら補償金払ってもいいよ
・何ならパソコンとかメモリーカードとかHDDにかけてもいい。ただし、1台当たり10円とか、本当に消費者の負担にならない価格で広く薄く取るって方法。
・ただし、音楽やテレビの録音録画に利用しない消費者（パソコンに補償金かけるなら、ビジネスユースの場合一括で返還する制度作ったりする必要もあるかもね）は簡便な手続きでその補償金が返還される制度の整備が必須。
・補償金かけるなら、基本的に利用者の公正な利用を妨げるような厳しいDRMをかけるのはなし。CCCD、コピーワンス・コピーナインなんかは問題外。
・補償金の分配がどのような理屈・ロジックで行われているのかすべてオープンにする。これはSARAHだけでじゃなく、その先のレコ協やJASRACや芸団協もね。
という主張であるわけです。まぁ当然ここまで細かく説明はしなかったけど、それでも結構いろいろな「条件」は審議会の場で言ったつもり。そのあたりのニュアンスが抜け落ちているのはやっぱりちょっとイヤだな、と思う。
まぁぶっちゃけ、僕はあの委員会に期待することはほとんどやめました。だから、俺は30条改正させるのが本当にイヤなので、メディアで記事書くなり、ほかの方法使うなりして全力で、自分のできる範囲でこれを止める活動に入ります。
で 、10月に入ったらこの問題についてパブリックコメントの募集がある。パブコメで30条変更反対がたくさん来たらそれを文化庁もそれを無視して進めるわけにはいかなくなるでしょう。なんで著作権法変わるのがイヤな人は、みんなパブコメ頑張って送りましょうね。
ま、最終局面に入ってきたなという感じです。もうちょっとこの問題はきちんと音ハメ更新することも含めてアクティブにアナウンスしていこうと思ってます。
by Randolph T. Holhut , http://www.opednews.com/
With public support for the Iraq war hovering around 30 percent , Â the Bush administration is falling back on a familiar strategy it loves to use when it find itself in trouble – scaring the American people .
On Tuesday , the National Intelligence Estimate , which reflects the consensus view of the 16 U.S. spy agencies , was released to the press .
It states that al - Qaida is stepping up efforts to sneak terror operatives into the United States and has acquired most of the capabilities it needs to strike here .
( Original Article )
Before the start of an Olympic season of international fencing , check out the athletes who are on top of the world , who are … Read More ➔ about FIE 2019 / 20 Season Preview : Women ’s Epee
Lieberman press flack Marshall Wittmann put out this press release this morning :
" Forced by facts on the ground to acknowledge the progress of the American and Iraqi militaries since the new surge strategy started , some of these opponents of the war are now turning their harshest criticism on our allies in Iraq instead of our enemies .
This is a mistake .... Political progress in Iraq depends on this kind of steady statecraft and patient diplomacy on the ground in Baghdad , rather than scapegoating and congressionally - ordered coups ....
" We have made enormous progress in defending and advancing America 's vital national interests in Iraq over the past six months against our two deadliest enemies in the world — - al Qaeda and Iran .
Realism requires that we recognize these gains , not dismiss or disparage them -- and that we distinguish between our allies in Iraq , and our enemies . "
You see , criticizing Maliki is helping the terrorists .
That 's " realism " or something .
Except that reality intruded just a couple of hours later in the form of that new NIE report on Iraq .
Greg Sargent picks up on the hilarity :
Now , a few hours later , excerpts of the new NIE on Iraq have leaked out .
And would n't you know it , but the NIE -- which represents the collaborative judgment of the U.S. 's intelligence agencies -- offers a harsh assessment of the Maliki government and the situation in Iraq that is strikingly similar to the case being made by Dems .
The NIE says that despite uneven security gains , the dominant story in Iraq right now is the inability of the Maliki government to achieve political reconciliation -- again , precisely what Dem Congressional critics have been saying .
And in a final irony , the NIE assessment is actually closer in key ways to what Dems have been saying than Lieberman 's claims are .
Lieberman 's release says we have made " enormous progress " in Iraq .
But the NIE says that we have only had " measurable but uneven improvements " on the security front , and adds that " the level of overall violence remains high " and that Iraqi leaders are " unable to govern effectively " -- an overall view of things echoed by Dems in recent days .
Given that Wittmann and Lieberman are suddenly so interested in " reality " , I 'm sure we 'll be seeing a retraction of that press release and an admission that they were full of crap this whole time .
On the other hand , being a " realist " myself , I know that 's hogwash .
The " reality " is that Lieberman and his buddy Wittmann will continue living outside it .
This new law restores the previous process , which gives each District Court the power to name interim USA 's should the previous one resign or be dismissed , and the president does n't nominate a replacement and / or the Senate confirms them within 120 days .
It also gives congress the ability to dismiss any interim USA 's named by the Attoney General , within 120 days of his having appointed them and / or this law 's having been enacted .
In other words , 120 days from now , or mid-October , EVERY SINGLE US ATTORNEY named by Gonzo could be gone , forever , and replacement USA 's put in place by each of their respective District Courts .
Including , and especially , the DC USA ( Jeffrey Taylor ) , who will be empowered and tasked with processing and enforcing any subpoenas issued by congress on the administration .
I 'm surprised that this has gone mostly unreported and uncommented on .
I suppose that it 's not " sexy " , but it 's one of those crucial steps that needed to be taken on the path to holding this administration accountable for its crimes .
Expect some big announcements pretty soon with respect to the replacement of current interim USA's , in DC and all the other districts whose USA 's were appointed by Gonzo in order to game the federal justice system .
Here 's is the bill - - now law - - itself :
S.214 Title : A bill to amend chapter 35 of title 28 , United States Code , to preserve the independence of United States attorneys .
Sponsor : Sen Feinstein , Dianne [ CA ] ( introduced 1/9/2007 ) Cosponsors ( 16 ) Related Bills : H.R.580 Latest Major Action : Became Public Law No : 110 - 34 [ GPO : Text , PDF ] Preserving United States Attorney Independence Act of 2007 ( Enrolled as Agreed to or Passed by Both House and Senate ) -- S.214-- S.214 One Hundred Tenth Congress of the United States of America
AT THE FIRST SESSION Begun and held at the City of Washington on Thursday , the fourth day of January , two thousand and seven An Act To amend chapter 35 of title 28 , United States Code , to preserve the independence of United States attorneys .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , SECTION 1 .
SHORT TITLE .
This Act may be cited as the ` Preserving United States Attorney Independence Act of 2007 ' .
SEC .
2 . VACANCIES .
Section 546 of title 28 , United States Code , is amended by striking subsection ( c ) and inserting the following : `(c )
A person appointed as United States attorney under this section may serve until the earlier of -- ` ( 1 ) the qualification of a United States attorney for such district appointed by the President under section 541 of this title ; or ` ( 2 ) the expiration of 120 days after appointment by the Attorney General under this section .
`(d )
If an appointment expires under subsection ( c ) ( 2 ) , the district court for such district may appoint a United States attorney to serve until the vacancy is filled .
The order of appointment by the court shall be filed with the clerk of the court .'.
SEC .
3 . APPLICABILITY .
( a ) In General - The amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. ( b ) Application - ( 1 ) IN GENERAL -
Any person serving as a United States attorney on the day before the date of enactment of this Act who was appointed under section 546 of title 28 , United States Code , may serve until the earlier of -- ( A ) the qualification of a United States attorney for such district appointed by the President under section 541 of that title ; or ( B ) 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act .
( 2 ) EXPIRED APPOINTMENTS -
If an appointment expires under paragraph ( 1 ) , the district court for that district may appoint a United States attorney for that district under section 546(d ) of title 28 , United States Code , as added by this Act.
Speaker of the House of Representatives .
Vice President of the United States and President of the Senate .
Here is the White House 's brief statement on this :
President Bush Signs S. 214
On June 14 , 2007 , the President signed into law : S. 214 , the " Preserving United States Attorney Independence Act of 2007 . "
And here is a Raw Story article on this :
Bush signs bill to preserve US Attorneys ' ' independence '
Michael Roston
Published : Friday June 15 , 2007 Late on Thursday , President George W. Bush signed into law the " Preserving United States Attorney Independence Act of 2007 . "
The bill , which was introduced by Senator Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) , removed a controversial provision at the heart of the current US Attorneys controversy that allowed the Attorney General to appoint US Attorneys on an interim basis for an indefinite period of time .
Critics said the measure allowed the Justice Department to do an ' end - run ' around Senate confirmation of controversial picks for the powerful prosecutor posts .
...
But a Senate Democratic staffer made clear on Thursday that any indefinite , interim appointment under the PATRIOT
Act would be canceled out by the Feinstein bill entering into force .
Feinstein 's bill puts a 120 - day limit on any interim US Attorney appointments .
...
President Bush made the announcement to little fanfare on the White House website late in the day on Thursday .
So far , there is no ' signing statement ' associated with the bill .
The bill passed the Senate by a 94 - 2 margin on March 20 , and also cleared the House of Representatives by a 306 - 114 vote on May 22 .
Update : Added full text of law .
A team composed of researchers from two U.S. universities and a Canadian university won the $ 10,000 - prize for best voting system at the VoComp contest held in Oregon this week .
The winning team was composed of Aleks Essex and Jeremy Clark from the University of Ottawa , Stefan Popoveniuc from George Washington University , and Richard T. Carback III from the University of Maryland Baltimore County .
Although only four teams submitted systems to the first - time competition , more are expected to submit next year when the competition , sponsored by the National Science Foundation , returns .
( Clarification : this year 's competition was sponsored by NSF .
The foundation has n't yet committed to sponsoring another one next year , although Election Systems & Software – the company awarding the $ 10,000 prize this year – has committed to fronting the same prize at next year 's competition . )
The winning Punchscan system is based on a concept developed by cryptographer David Chaum that allows voters to take a receipt of their vote home with them to later verify online that their vote was part of the tabulated results .
See the web site showing how it works .
Chaum later developed his own system , Scantegrity , from the same concept used in Punchscan .
Scantegrity is fully open source ( in Java ) .
Chaum says the system is easy to implement with current optical - scan voting systems , thus reducing costs and the time it would take to get the voting system certified and implemented in election districts .
Chaum is offering a free license to the first election districts that are willing to try and roll out the system .
UPDATE : Per Ron Rivest , one of the contest 's judges , the runner - up team , the Pret - a - Voter team from the University of Surrey in the UK , gave Punchscan a tough run for the first - place money until the Punchscan team dug through Pret - a - Voter 's source code and found a significant security flaw in their random number generation .
Oops .
Nonetheless , Rivest says the judges were impressed by all the teams , given the short timeframe in which they had to submit their projects .
The contest was announced last October .
Today the USA and its media endlessly glorify its super powered military and its weapons .
Largely because that ’s all we have left , as we continue to hollow out our industrial base , and shrink our middle - class , on our way to becoming the most powerful and dangerous third world nation or banana republic the world has ever seen .
The current clarion call of America ’s media and many of its top politicians is war : war , war , war .
War on terror ; war on drugs ; war on liberals ; war on science .
If you ’ve got something to talk about , then have we got a war for you !
America sort of got stuck into a permanent war - footing for everything after World War II , where pretty much everyone saw us as the good guys .
We loved that !
I mean , who would n't ?
Unfortunately , when you continue killing people long after all reasonable excuses have disappeared , you tend to lose your hero status .
So now we ’re no longer war heroes ; just war mongers .
Now we mainly justify our never - ending war - footing with hate ; saying it ’s all about others hating us .
When it ’s really about us hating others -- or even hating ourselves .
For we Americans sure do treat ourselves pretty shabbily .
With astonishingly damaging policies regarding our own individual freedoms , and safety and security relating to our jobs , our food , our water , and our homes .
Even our very children .
And we let our critically important news and media be usurped for very narrow corporate agendas , virtually all of which tend to harm us further still .
The only folks we Americans treat worse than each other are foreigners .
America seems to be caught in a vicious downward spiral now ; unable even to impeach the arguably worst President in its history , or end a war for which there appears to be virtually no popular support left at all .
Our debts are reaching mythic heights , even as our infrastructure crumbles , and we lose entire major cities in a single storm .
The world once admired us .
Now , they increasingly fear us .
Fear what we may become .
Fear that they might be forced into taking action against us .
After all , you ca n’t let a spoiled and vicious child wave a loaded gun around forever .
I ’m an American citizen .
And I fear the same thing .
It appears that some of the most creative and inventive advertising is coming from nonprofits these days .
I 've been taking a look at the nonprofits and " for a good cause " marketing techniques .
Last month , we looked at the Anti-Smoking Campaigns .
and Saving Our Environment Campaigns , and the AIDS Campaigns .
Today I am just going to focus on one organization .
Amnesty International ( AI ) is a worldwide movement of people who campaign and work towards the international recognition and support of human rights .
Take a look at some of their most creative and attention getting advertising campaigns .
1. LOCKED UP ( Frankfurt )
In Frankfurt , in this campaign , people were cut out and placed into public lockers .
The copy says : LOCKED UP .
Because of colour , religion , political preference …
Amnesty International supports human rights … help us .
2. FREE SPEECH ( Poland )
These were placed on the streets of Poland .
3. WRONG OPTION ( England )
This guerrilla marketing technique was used on street grates and says " wrong option . "
4. FREEDOM OF ACTION ( Paris )
These ads are about human rights for imprison people that were not proven guilty and sit imprisoned without a fair trial .
5. CAPITAL PUNISHMENT ( Spain )
In Spain , these ads ran on bus stops and says : ‘ More than 4000 condemned until death are waiting for their execution .
No to Capital punishment ’ .
In case you can't tell , the guy is sitting in an electric chair .
Sitting in something that looks like an electric chair is sure to trigger some reaction , no ?
Dostikrat , ko vidim slovenščino v računalniških programih , me zvije .
Sicer nisem hud slavist , ampak premorem nekaj občutka za zadevo ( tnx mami ) .
In povem vam : za skoraj vsak slovenski program se da določiti , iz katere stroke je pisec ( prevajalec ) besedila — jezikoslovec ali računalničar .
Prvi nimajo pojma o tehničnih izrazih in zato večkrat njihovih besedil preprosto ne razumem .
Ponekod se znajdem samo zato , ker na pamet vem , kaj se skriva pod gumbom .
Deloma so tukaj odgovorni vrli kovalci novih izrazov , ki nimajo stika z realnim svetom , deloma pa pisci besedil , ki nimajo stika s kovalci izrazov .
In zgo ščenka sploh ni tako huda bedarija .
Kaj šele drugi .
Ojoj .
Že leta in leta uporabljajo napredne konstrukte slovenskega jezika , čeprav zanje jezik sam še slišal ni .
Primera za enega od teh konstruktov :
Da bi zaprli okno , morate izbiro potrditi .
Da bi obiskali spletno stran , kliknite tukaj .
Pa kaj je to , no !?
Besedna zveza “ da bi ” se uporablja , ko izražaš namen v pretekliku ( šli smo v kino , da bi si ogledali film ) ali pa v prihodnjiku ( zakaj bi šel v kino ? da bi si ogledal film ) .
Če kaj vem , je to v bistvu pogojnik .
Mimogrede naj se zataknem še ob eno grdobijo iz drugega primera .
Uporabnik klikne “ sem ” , ne “ tukaj ” .
On ne pride tja kliknit , ampak tja klikne .
Pridi tukaj — stoj sem .
A razumete .
Slovenščina je kompleksno in zmogljivo orodje , ki včasih stvari celo ne otežuje .
Zgornje pohabljene primere se da lepo pravilno zapisati kot : “ če želite zapreti okno , morate izbiro potrditi ” in “ če želite obiskati spletno stran , kliknite sem ” .
In potem ugotovim , da vrli računalničarji s svojim “ da bi ” sicer hočejo vprašati uporabnika , če [ nekaj ] želi , hkrati pa se hočejo izogniti uporabi zveze “ če želite ” .
Ampak zakaj ?
[ Vstavi poljubno teorijo zarote . ]
Kakorkoli že , zdaj poimenujem ta konstrukt pogojni želelnik in se borim za njega uradno priznanje v našem jeziku !!
IMAGINE THAT on 9/11 , six hours after the assault on the twin towers and the Pentagon , terrorists had carried out a second wave of attacks on the United States , taking an additional 3,000 lives .
Imagine that six hours after that , there had been yet another wave .
Now imagine that the attacks had continued , every six hours , for another four years , until nearly 20 million Americans were dead .
This is roughly what the Soviet Union suffered during World War II , and contemplating these numbers may help put in perspective what the United States has so far experienced during the war against terrorism .
It also raises several questions .
Has the American reaction to the attacks in fact been a massive overreaction ?
Is the widespread belief that 9/11 plunged us into one of the deadliest struggles of our time simply wrong ?
If we did overreact , why did we do so ?
Does history provide any insight ?
Certainly , if we look at nothing but our enemies ’ objectives , it is hard to see any indication of an overreaction .
The people who attacked us in 2001 are indeed hate - filled fanatics who would like nothing better than to destroy this country .
But desire is not the same thing as capacity , and although Islamist extremists can certainly do huge amounts of harm around the world , it is quite different to suggest that they can threaten the existence of the United States .
Yet a great many Americans , particularly on the right , have failed to make this distinction .
For them , the “ Islamo - fascist ” enemy has inherited not just Adolf Hitler ’s implacable hatreds but his capacity to destroy .
The conservative author Norman Podhoretz has gone so far as to say that we are fighting World War IV ( No. III being the Cold War ) .
But it is no disrespect to the victims of 9/11 , or to the men and women of our armed forces , to say that , by the standards of past wars , the war against terrorism has so far inflicted a very small human cost on the United States .
As an instance of mass murder , the attacks were unspeakable , but they still pale in comparison with any number of military assaults on civilian targets of the recent past , from Hiroshima on down .
Even if one counts our dead in Iraq and Afghanistan as casualties of the war against terrorism , which brings us to about 6,500 , we should remember that roughly the same number of Americans die every two months in automobile accidents .
Of course , the 9/11 attacks also conjured up the possibility of far deadlier attacks to come .
But then , we were hardly ignorant of these threats before , as a glance at just about any thriller from the 1990s will testify .
And despite the even more nightmarish fantasies of the post - 9/11 era ( e.g. the TV show “ 24 ’s ” nuclear attack on Los Angeles ) , Islamist terrorists have not come close to deploying weapons other than knives , guns and conventional explosives .
A war it may be , but does it really deserve comparison to World War II and its 50 million dead ?
Not every adversary is an apocalyptic threat .
So why has there been such an overreaction ?
Unfortunately , the commentators who detect one have generally explained it in a tired , predictably ideological way : calling the United States a uniquely paranoid aggressor that always overreacts to provocation .
In a recent book , for instance , political scientist John Mueller evaluated the threat that terrorists pose to the United States and convincingly concluded that it has been , to quote his title , “ Overblown . ”
But he undercut his own argument by adding that the United States has overreacted to every threat in its recent history , including even Pearl Harbor ( rather than trying to defeat Japan , he argued , we should have tried containment ! ) .
Seeing international conflict in apocalyptic terms — viewing every threat as existential — is hardly a uniquely American habit .
To a certain degree , it is a universal human one .
But it is also , more specifically , a Western one , which paradoxically has its origins in one of the most optimistic periods of human history : the 18th century Enlightenment .
Until this period , most people in the West took warfare for granted as an utterly unavoidable part of the social order .
Western states fought constantly and devoted most of their disposable resources to this purpose ; during the 1700s , no more than six or seven years passed without at least one major European power at war .
The Enlightenment , however , popularized the notion that war was a barbaric relic of mankind ’s infancy , an anachronism that should soon vanish from the Earth .
Human societies , wrote the influential thinkers of the time , followed a common path of historical evolution from savage beginnings toward ever - greater levels of peaceful civilization , politeness and commercial exchange .
The unexpected consequence of this change was that those who considered themselves “ enlightened , ” but who still thought they needed to go to war , found it hard to justify war as anything other than an apocalyptic struggle for survival against an irredeemably evil enemy .
In such struggles , of course , there could be no reason to practice restraint or to treat the enemy as an honorable opponent .
Ever since , the enlightened dream of perpetual peace and the nightmare of modern total war have been bound closely to each other in the West .
Precisely when the Enlightenment hopes glowed most brightly , wars often took on an especially hideous character .
The Enlightenment was followed by the French Revolution and the Napoleonic wars , which touched every European state , sparked vicious guerrilla conflicts across the Continent and killed millions ( including , probably , a higher proportion of young Frenchmen than died from 1914 to 1918 ) .
During the hopeful early years of the 20th century , journalist Norman Angell ’s huge bestseller , “ The Great Illusion , ” argued that wars had become too expensive to fight .
Then came the unspeakable horrors of World War I .
And the end of the Cold War , which seemed to promise the worldwide triumph of peace and democracy in a more stable unipolar world , has been followed by the wars in the Balkans , the Persian Gulf War and the present global upheaval .
In each of these conflicts , the United States has justified the use of force by labeling its foe a new Hitler , not only in evil intentions but in potential capacity .
Yet as the comparison with the Soviet experience should remind us , the war against terrorism has not yet been much of a war at all , let alone a war to end all wars .
It is a messy , difficult , long - term struggle against exceptionally dangerous criminals who actually like nothing better than being put on the same level of historical importance as Hitler — can you imagine a better recruiting tool ?
To fight them effectively , we need coolness , resolve and stamina .
But we also need to overcome long habit and remind ourselves that not every enemy is in fact a threat to our existence .
David A. Bell , a professor of history at Johns Hopkins University and a contributing editor for the New Republic , is the author of “ The First Total War : Napoleon ’s Europe and the Birth of Warfare as We Know It . ”
Cheney shrugs off 1994 remarks about Iraq
Want to be ahead of the curve ?
Get politics in your browser as it breaks .
A local CBS affiliate who called Vice President Cheney 's office asking why Cheney said in 1994 that the US should not invade Iraq actually got a reply .
" He was not Vice President at the time , it was after he was Secretary of Defense , " a spokesperson told CBS 5 San Francisco .
" I do n't have any comment . "
CBS ' reporter called it a " remarkable video . "
" How many additional dead Americans is Saddam worth ? "
Cheney said in the video , shot 13 years ago when he defended President Bush Sr. 's decision not to go into Iraq after the Gulf War .
" Our view was not very many , and I think we got it right , " he said in the inteview with the American Enterprise Institute .
Former U.N. Ambassador Richard Sklar told CBS : " A number of us in discussions knew that it existed .
None of us have seen it on tape before , and Cheney 's office has always just poo-pooed and refused to discuss it . "
How much implicit parallelism is there in functional programs ?
One answer is " lots ( I 'd imagine ) . "
Functional languages ( and especially non-strict functional languages ) can place relatively few constraints on a program 's order of evaluation , often allowing multiple evaluations to proceed in parallel - - at least in principle .
The resulting " implicit " parallelism may be easy and useful to locate and exploit .
Another answer is " not so much ( in actual experience ) . "
When you take an existing , non-trivial functional program and try to find practical ways to speed it up by judicious placement of `par` ( or by strategies or whatever ) , a surprisingly large effort can produce a surprisingly small improvement .
So maybe that implicit parallelism just is n't there .
Another is " well , maybe it 's there but it 's just hard to find . "
If people can't find much implicit parallelism in real software , maybe it's the fault of the people .
Maybe `par` and strategies and such are just too hard for people to use .
Maybe some automatic parallelization mechanisms , yet to be invented , could do much better .
Or something .
One interesting new answer is " I do n't know .
Let 's measure it . "
I 've just written a short paper on measuring the implicit parallelism in real Haskell programs , such as the NHC98 compiler .
These measurements are in the context of a limit study , so they let us say that there is _no more_ than some certain amount of implicit parallelism present ; exploiting even that much might of course be impractical .
The paper is at http://www.detreville.org/papers/Limits.pdf.
I 'd appreciate comments , of course .
Cheers ,
John
The security situation in the north - west of Pakistan has deteriorated
There had been mounting speculation that President Pervez Musharraf was considering the move , after he called off a visit to Afghanistan .
Pakistan is facing an increasingly volatile security situation , as well as internal political problems .
Mr Bush also urged Gen Musharraf to act on intelligence on top terror suspects .
Mr Bush said the Pakistani leader shared Americans ' concern about radicals and extremists .
' Committed to democracy '
Correspondents say the US has been pushing for the elections to go ahead as a way of strengthening the legitimacy of Gen Musharraf , who seized power in a bloodless coup in 1999 .
I have indicated to him that the American people would expect there to be swift action taken , if there 's actionable intelligence on high - value targets inside his country
President Bush
Profile : President Musharraf Musharraf 's dilemma
" My focus in terms of the domestic scene there is that he have a free and fair election and that 's what we have been talking to him about and hopefully they will , " Mr Bush said at a White House news conference .
A Pakistani government spokesman said there was pressure on Gen Musharraf to declare an emergency but that he had decided not to because he was " committed to democracy " .
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says Gen Musharraf 's popularity has dwindled and there are fears of a legal challenge to his attempts to seek another term of office .
It seems he decided a state of emergency was not the right move at the right time , she says , although a conversation with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Wednesday evening may have helped persuade him .
' Difficult circumstances '
Tensions in Pakistan soared last month after a siege by government troops of Islamabad 's radical Red Mosque ended with the deaths of more than 100 people .
Gen Musharraf faces increasing unrest and opposition at home
But Junior Information Minister Tariq
Azeem said US threats to launch an operation in the tribal areas had also played a role in the issue being discussed .
Mr Bush said he expected Gen Musharraf to act against al - Qaeda leaders who the US says are sheltering in the areas .
Pakistan has called the US warnings " irresponsible and dangerous " .
" I have indicated to him that the American people would expect there to be swift action taken , if there 's actionable intelligence on high - value targets inside his country , " Mr Bush said .
" Now I recognise that Pakistan is a sovereign nation and it's important for Americans to recognise that , but it's also important for Americans to understand that he shares the same concern about radicals and extremists as I do and as the American people do . "
Elections threat
Emergency rule would have limited the role of the courts , restricted civil liberties and curbed freedom of expression .
The president would have also been able to postpone national elections due to be held later in 2007 , which could have enabled him to continue in his role as chief of Pakistan 's powerful military .
Opposition political parties , like Pakistan 's largest party , the PPP , want Gen Musharraf to give up the army role .
Gen Musharraf pulled out of the three - day Afghan council , or peace jirga , on combating the Taleban , citing commitments in Islamabad .
Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is attending in his place .
Double Byte IDNs : “ Interesting , but Useless Eye- Candy ” Double Byte IDNs : “ Interesting , but Useless Eye - Candy ”
Internationalized Domain Names , heard of them ?
Double byte web addresses .
You know the ones – the 日本.jps and the 価格.coms – you must have seen them lurking somewhere ?
Yes , these are called IDNs , or Internationalized Domain Names .
Just how valuable are these “ snatch up while you can ” bargains that the registrars have been trying to flog to us for the last 4 or 5 years ?
How will these prestigious pieces of “ Internet Real Estate ” rear up in the next decade ?
Are they a potential goldmine as Asians increasingly get net savvy , or another intricate money internet sucking scam ?
Stippy.com decided to take a deep look into the technology and history of domain names , and find out for ourselves about IDNs .
I was recently greeted by an email offer from a friend to help find a home for this “ package set ” of three “ Hills Zoku ” IDNs :
ヒルズ族.jp
ヒルズ族.com
ヒルズ族.net
They are read hillszoku ( .jp , .com , and .net ) referring to the Roppongi Hills area in Tokyo .
The seller estimates the value of this package to be around USD 50 K ( and is offering a commission of up to 15 % !
So , if you do n’t bother reading our article , are rich , and are outlandish enough to buy these , let us know ! )
But seriously , do you , or anyone you know ever use these on a regular basis ( other than for the novelty check to see if they actually work ) ?
Double byte domain names will not succeed .
They will remain a novelty for native speakers of double byte languages , and us gaijin alike .
Although this article may get a bit “ techy ” , and seem a bit long winded , I am going to explain why this is so , in terms that hopefully anyone should be able to understand .
The first part of this in - depth look at IDNs may be a history lesson that bores those of you who already know the technical details of how the Internet works at its deepest and most basic level .
But , it so happens that history is important when discussing this topic , as there are facts and figures that may sway your opinion of double byte character usage in internet domain names ( this is not just a matter of subjective feelings ) .
So , skip the rest of this article if you are not interested in the background – go and find yourself a stippy friend !
On the other hand , if you read this article ( and part 2 ) , and still think I ’m missing the entire point of IDNs then I ’d love to hear your side of the argument in the comment section below !
( Update : part two of this article now published HERE )
The Internet , as most now know , is an enormous array of autonomous computer networks ( or , as the Chairman of the United States Senate Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation , Senator Ted Stevens sees it , a “ series of tubes ” ) .
These computers – and other sorts of devices – which can be running almost any operating system , and may be served off hardware that was made up to 2 decades ago , are joined in a seemingly never - ending and dynamic tangle , of information .
Unlike in human interaction , where we get along with a somewhat flexible form of communication ( different languages , dialects , facial expressions , tone of voice , body language ) and where it does n’t really matter if you make small grammatical mistakes in order to convey meaning , there are a few “ rules ” which all of the devices on the Internet must obey in order to communicate – no matter what age , creed , race or religion to which they belong ( keeping with the human analogy ) .
The sheer nature of tens of millions of different machines , all talking different languages , all running on different architectures , at different speeds , for a nearly unlimited set of applications , necessitates a very basic , but extremely stable protocol – or rulebook – in order to talk with one another in a reliable manner .
Much of the development of these “ rules ” for computers to talk with each other was done in English speaking countries ( USA and UK ) , and hence all of the underlying messaging , addressing and command structures were , and still are in English .
Sure , most of the technical details of these original protocols are totally hidden to the Internet end user , except one – the domain name , or domain address .
That is , the stippy.com part of http://www.stippy.com.
The domain address is still the easiest way for anyone in the world to connect to any other computer in the world , which is also connected to the Internet .
The Arpanet Deployment Team – USA 1960 ’s The Arpanet Deployment Team – USA 1960’s
The predecessor of the Internet , which was called the “ ARPANet ” , was developed in the late 1960 ’s and , while still a far cry from the “ series of tubes ” we have now , used a communication system very similar in nature to that still used by modern day computers .
Back then , each machine connected on the network was called a “ node ” .
Each node of the original ARPANet was a computer called an IMP ( Interface Message Processor ) , and what it did was hold a big text file full of computer numbers ( IMP numbers ) and mapped to “ host names ” ( or simply , easier to remember “ nicknames ” for us stupid humans who ca n’t easily remember strings of numbers ) .
To this day , the Internet does basically the same thing , with domain names .
Soon , when hundreds ( and later on , thousands ) of computers began connecting ARPANet .
Manually storing all of the host names , and mapping them to their “ node ” numbers became cumbersome , and was fraught with human error , even though it was maintained in one central reference machine .
A move away from the “ text file ” ( flat host name table ) approach to a more hierarchical method of storing the same mappings of computer names to numbers was necessary and very soon became inevitable .
In 1981 , a proposal for a new system of Internet Name Domains – as we know them today – was drafted , and published as a Request for Comments ( RFC 799 ) .
By 1983 , it was decided that based on RFC 799 , the “ host table name system ” – described above – would be replaced with a new system .
And so a new era of computing was born .
It was a method capable of storing and sharing millions of domain names mapped their corresponding numbers ( IP addresses ) hierarchically and efficiently between millions of host servers , which is still thriving today , called the Domain Name System , or DNS .
With the Internet what it is now , it is very easy to forget just why it was initially devised , and what purpose it served in its fledgling years .
The ARPANet was primarily an email system , and in 1973 , 75 % of all packets transferred were emails , all between English native speakers .
There was no requirement at the time that the network be able to transfer messages in any other language , let alone for it ’s address command structure to work with non-English domain names .
Hence , the whole Internet and email addresses architecture was ( and still is ) restricted to an extremely limited , but vastly efficient character set where only the letters of the English alphabet ( case - insensitive ) , the decimal digits , and the hyphen are allowed .
That is just 37 characters .
But , there is more than one language in the world ( unfortunately ! ) , and when the Internet began to be deployed throughout the globe in the early 1990s , some users and networking organizations in non-English speaking countries were sour that they could not use their native language script in Internet Domain Names .
The Chinese and Japanese especially wanted to use Chinese characters ( known of course as Kanji in Japan ) in domain names .
At the time , many of the heavyweight advocates of the proposal were from Japan , wishing to use their beloved kanji for Internet addressing .
But , the Asian community in the 1990s were not involved in the initial architecture .
Wishes were expressed without an understanding the basic issues – they were voting to build a nuclear reactor , without bothering to check if it was on a fault line .
The problem – their character sets are double byte ( one character requires two bytes of space ( to store on a hard disk , or transmit ) , as opposed to Latin characters , which require only one ) .
Double byte characters certainly were not in the minds of the Internet “ framers ” when they were coming up with the messaging and command protocols that form the foundations of the “ world wide web ” .
In fact , even now , double byte characters are renowned for 文字化け , ( mojibake , garbling ) even when sent as message content , and are shunned by developers and network administrators alike as useless and irritating overhead where basic Internet protocols are concerned .
The fact is , that the established rules and protocols of addressing on the Internet are stable , and they work – and they are made from rock solid Roman characters .
The sheer scope of “ the web ” , the fact that it is an integral part of government , business , and private affairs today ( at least in every developed country ) , dictate that changes to it ’s basic standards and protocols , are virtually impossible and are to be avoided .
At very least , changes to our internet foundations should not be considered for something so menial and “ nice - to - have ” as double - byte - capable Internet domains right ?
Would n’t internationalizing these domain names be like allowing Kanji phone numbers ?
Well , it turns out though , that the dreams of the “ yokomoji ” ( literally “ sidewards characters ” , a short - sighted way to refer to any language written in the Roman alphabet ) adversaries came true , and what are now known as Internationalized Domain Names ( IDNs ) , became a reality .. well , that is in a very superficial way .
Thankfully , none of the secure foundations of Internet protocol were shaken by the implementation of IDNs .
They are still not really domain names in the mind of any DNS servers ( and most other internet servers for that matter ) , and in fact , are totally reliant on user applications ( on your PC ! ) to convert them using a complicated set of rules into the 37 Roman characters and numbers that we know and love .
The Japan Registry Service ( JPRS ) , who took over from the Japan Network Information Center ( JPNIC ) is responsible for the “ smooth administration of the Internet ” in Japan , and ultimately the owner of what is called the “ standardization ” or “ normalization ” of IDNs in Japan .
The JPRS , being private entity are primarily a commercially minded , and nowhere on their home page do they really tackle the struggle that IDNs are facing .
Their predecessor , JPNIC ( a government sponsored foundation ) on the other hand , state the hurdles they faced ( when they were in charge ) in a very pragmatic and honest manner and take a responsible and analytical look at solutions ( or , workarounds at best ) to the technical issues .
Here is a two points from their site , where they openly reveal their wish IDNs ( multilingual domain names ) must not change the underlying architecture of the Internet in any way :
Multilingual domain names must not influence current DNS use and management
Multilingual domain names should continue to be DNS that can resolve names in any type of system , regardless of the location
They go on the mention that ultimately , IDNs need to be converted back somehow into Roman characters in order to have any chance of becoming widely utilised by the average Internet user .
( You can read about many more of the issues that surround Japanese IDNs in more detail on their homepage ) .
Also , Jim Breen , of Monash University in Australia , one of the most respected authorities when it comes to Japanese language dictionaries and encoding Japanese and Chinese characters for use on computer systems takes a deep look at the subject and the problems that IDNs face in one of his excellent papers .
He explains why Japanese domain names would have a very hard time establishing themselves as mainstream .
Internationalised Domain Names introduce one more level of complexity ( like a second language barrier ! ) to our Internet .
Even apart from the fact that most of the Internet using world can not decipher them , the underpinnings of the web are in English , and they will never succeed on a large scale .
Anyway , that is enough for today ’s domain name history lesson – come back in a few days for part two , where we shall explore from a user ’s perspective just why the 日本語.com IDNs of the Internet are not going to play a significant role in your life .
While you are waiting , leave comments on this topic below , or read this very good article ( in Japanese only ) on the subject , and find out why even Japanese people are complaining about IDNs !
UPDATE : Part two of this article is now available .
nanto_vi ( なんと ) が興味のある事柄についてつづる。Web 関係技術とかマンガ・アニメとか 。
掲載コードのラインセンスポリシーとか、はてなブックマーカによるこのブログ上の注目の記事とか。
Posted on August 22 , 2007 in Uncategorized
Since 1998 , civil war has raged in Congo , enveloping 7 other African countries and scores of tribes and militia while mostly being ignored by the Western media .
Over 4 million people have died with egregious reports of cannibalism , rape , sexual slavery , incest , child prostitution , forced labor , and the use of the child armies .
( Adds details of Gates testimony , Byrd quotes , protests )
WASHINGTON , Sept 26 ( Reuters ) -
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan will cost at least $ 190 billion in 2008 , the Pentagon said on Wednesday , making it the most expensive year in the conflicts since they were launched by President George W. Bush .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates asked Congress to approve the funding after Bush this month beat back demands from Democrats for a quick end to the Iraq war and said the U.S. presence there would go on after he leaves office in 2009 .
Gates said he hoped longer - term for a much smaller U.S. force than the 165,000 troops currently in Iraq .
He added that " I do n't see " any of the requested money being used for preparing a military attack on Iran , which Pentagon officials say is supplying weapons used against U.S. soldiers in Iraq .
But Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd told Gates not to presume the Pentagon would get the money .
" We cannot create a democracy at the point of a gun " in Iraq , Byrd , a West Virginia Democrat , warned Gates in a hearing often interrupted by the shouts of anti-war protesters .
" Sending more guns does not change that reality . "
The Pentagon 's request was made as senators reached a rare -- but symbolic -- consensus on a proposal on how to proceed in Iraq , passing a non-binding resolution calling for the creation of separate Sunni , Shi'ite and Kurdish " federal regions " with a weak central government in Baghdad .
The bipartisan 75 - 23 vote on the proposal by Democratic Sen. Joseph Biden may be Senate 's best chance of influencing U.S. strategy in Iraq after frustrated Democrats failed repeatedly to get the votes for a troop pullout .
The Senate vote was " the first time in four - and - a - half years in the war in Iraq where you had an overwhelmingly bipartisan consensus as to a recommendation to the president on how to proceed , " Biden , a presidential hopeful , said .
" What we said today was , ' There is a way Mr. President , in our view , to end this war in a way that we are able ultimately to bring our troops home but leave a stable Iraq behind . ' "
The proposal urged Bush to bring in the international community to support such a political settlement and convene a conference with Iraqis to help them reach it .
Sen . John Warner of Virginia , an influential Republican voice on military affairs who supported the plan , said he hoped the Bush administration would examine it .
He said it was unlikely Democrats in the near term would get enough votes in the Senate to force Bush 's hand on the conduct of the war itself .
ANTI -WAR PROTESTERS
Since Sept. 2001 , Congress has appropriated $ 602 billion for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
The Bush administration had already asked Congress to approve $ 147 billion for the wars in the fiscal year starting Oct. 1 . Gates said the Pentagon sought $ 42 billion more , bringing the total request for fiscal 2008 to $ 189 billion .
The Pentagon plans to reduce its force in Iraq to about 130,000 by July 2008 -- the level before the " surge " this year , and Gates has said more could be pulled out later in 2008 .
Over the longer term , he said on Wednesday , the U.S. combat force in Iraq could equal roughly one - quarter its current strength , but : " I do n't know what that timeline looks like . "
Gates said it was important to leave behind a stable Iraq as a " blockade " against Iranian influence in the region .
The full Senate , reflecting concerns about Iran 's actions in Iraq , approved another non-binding motion Wednesday calling on the State Department to designate Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps as " a foreign terrorist organization . "
The room erupted halfway through the hearing when anti-war protesters shouted at Gen.
Peter Pace , the outgoing chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , as he explained his view on gays in the military and his personal opposition to homosexuality .
" Bigot ! " they screamed .
" Thou shalt not kill ! "
Byrd abruptly adjourned the session and police ordered the protesters out .
One was detained .
Warning :
This story contains plot spoilers
It 's 30 years since the release of sci- fi classic Star Wars , considered by many to be among the greatest films of all - time .
Reporter Kevin Young prepares to enter the Star Wars universe
But what would it be like to watch it now , for the first time ?
BBC
News entertainment reporter Kevin Young 's sole exposure to science - fiction to date consists of lusting after Gillian Anderson in The X - Files for a while in the 1990s .
Despite fearing it was two hours of his life he'd " never get back " , he offered to lose his Star Wars virginity .
CHAPTERS 1 - 10
Things seem to have started badly when a DVD arrives entitled Star Wars IV : A New Hope .
I want the original , not some dodgy sequel - although the sleeve does say 1977 and the cast looks right .
I check online and discover this is , in fact , the special edition of the first in the series .
So , on we go at Warp Factor 8 , or whatever it is that sci - fi fans say .
C - 3PO and R2 - D2 came across like " a bickering couple " , Kevin thought 1.40
Oh , this is complicated - the writing on the screen is going too fast and I have to rewind to read the opening caption .
It seems that the Empire and its Death Star are bad and Princess Leia and her starship are good .
I look forward to learning more .
2.30
Something 's under attack from a big white thing with green lasers !
Catch my first glimpse of the characters I know to be C - 3PO and R2 - D2 , although I 've no idea which is which .
3.40
A door explodes and some strange people in white outfits and matching masks burst through , firing red lasers .
They look a bit like Darth Vader so maybe they 're friends with him .
4.50
Darth has arrived - they were his helpers after all .
And it turns out R2 - D2 is the one which looks like a dustbin and also strangely like Metal Mickey , a star of ITV's Saturday teatime schedule in the early 1980s .
C - 3PO 's passage across the corridor as he struggled to avoid the crossfire was rather slinky .
5.55
It emerges that Darth can not only kill a man with one hand but also that he wants the plans to the Death Star back .
Now .
10.05
C - 3PO and R2 - D2 are making me laugh .
They 're like bickering lovers .
I hope Princess Leia escapes Darth 's evil clutches and makes it to Alderaan .
11.45
There 's some kind of cloaked cat behind the rocks .
R2 - D2 has worked this out and is rolling along quite cautiously now .
11.55
The cats have guns and they 've killed R2 - D2 , the brutes !
Luke seems quite taken by this holographic vision in blue and wants to know more about her .
I have a sneaking suspicion that they might end up as this film 's golden couple , but there 's still an hour and 38 minutes to go yet
13.35
R2 - D2's battered shell is sucked into some kind of workshop , where downtrodden machines seem to live .
14.30
R2 - D2 is alive after all !
Hooray .
And he 's found his old buddy C - 3PO among the assortment of machines inside what now turns out to be a rusting tank with caterpillar tyres .
15.15
We 're back in the desert with Darth 's helpers , who seem to be riding around on braying dinosaurs .
The rusty tank looks a bit more respectable now there 's daylight .
16.45
Luke Skywalker arrives .
He seems to know the cloaked cats and he 's being told off by for wanting to hang out with his friends at the power - converted station instead of doing his chores .
Maybe that was his dad .
22.20
It was his Uncle Owen .
R2 - D2 has footage of Princess Leia which he can beam out as a holograph .
Luke seems quite taken by this holographic vision in blue and wants to know more about her .
I have a sneaking suspicion that they might end up as this film 's golden couple , but there 's still an hour and 38 minutes to go yet .
I 'm also hoping to learn more about this Obby One Kanobby fellow , not least how to spell his name .
CHAPTERS 11 - 20 26.20
R2 - D2 has stormed off in a huff .
The excitement of starring in a classic film is all too much for him , the poor love .
27.05
Another set of baddies , judging by the urgent music .
They dress differently from the others and use woolly mammoths as their transportation of choice .
Surely those animals wo n't be any match for Luke 's floating red spacecraft ?
Important plot twist here , I predict - Darth killed Luke 's dad
28.10
The bandits are called Sand People .
Luke 's out cold .
R2 - D2 knows better than to get involved and skulks in a cave .
28.55
It 's Alec Guinness !
" Hello there " to you too , sir .
He 's one of the cloaked cat characters , although obviously I can now tell they 're not cats after all .
Is he this Obi fellow ?
31.10
Yes , he is , although his name is also Ben , confusingly .
C - 3PO 's pessimism - " I 'm done for " - is still making me laugh .
32.30
Swoosh !
It 's a light - saber .
It looks cool .
I wonder how it works , though - does its laser burn enemy combatants or does it shoot some kind of fatal beam ?
And will it be used to save Princess Leia ?
33.30
Important plot twist here , I predict - Darth killed Luke 's dad .
May the Force , another concept just introduced , be with him in seeking revenge .
35.25
Princess Leia hid the plans inside R2 - D2's memory .
I hope someone does n't blow him up trying to retrieve them as I 'm becoming quite attached to him .
Luke Skywalker had to feel the Force to use his lightsaber properly 37.30
One of Darth 's special strengths is the ability to choke people from a distance , without touching them .
He 's just done that to a power - hungry man in a uniform during some kind of intergalactic board meeting .
" Do n't mess with me " was the message there , I think .
39.10
Luke hovers off home - after a reference to Imperial Stormtroopers , whom I guess are Darth 's friends - to find his home torched and , presumably , his aunt and uncle dead .
He looks sad .
40.00
Evil Darth is going to inject Princess Leia with some harmful substance .
I thought American drama 24 invented this tactic - someone turns up with a silver suitcase full of syringes every five minutes on that show - but apparently it was all the rage in the ' 70s too .
43:20
A man walks into a bar ...
Luke 's decided to make it his mission to be a Jedi and goes for a quick drink to celebrate in a dusty desert town full of domes , dinosaurs and jazz - playing aliens .
45:15
So that 's how a lightsaber works .
Luke gets into a bar fight but Obi uses his laser to slice off the arm of the man who was bothering him .
Everyone goes back to their cocktails .
CHAPTERS 21 - 30 47:30
Han Solo - or Indiana Jones as I had thought of Harrison Ford until now - has arrived as captain of the Millennium Falcon .
This is a very fast ship which Obi wants to charter .
But he 's not very good at bargaining .
Hans wanted to charge him 10,000 units but Obi offered 17,000 , the cash - rich fool .
48:55
Han owes Jabba the Hut some money .
Jabba 's turquoise " enforcer " turns up to collect it , but Han wo n't have it until he 's taken Obi to Alderaan .
The " enforcer " gets blown up , which makes it two murders in five minutes .
Must be a rough bar as nobody bats an eyelid .
Kevin was disappointed at the lack of resolution in the love triangle 55:40
Princess Leia looks pretty good for a woman who 's resisted torture , with barely a hair out of place .
But she 's shaken when the baddies blow up Alderaan .
58:12
Obi and Luke have reached cruising altitude so it 's time to take off the seatbelts and unwind a little .
Luke is practising his swooshes with the lightsaber and trying to feel the Force , while R2 - D2 is beating Chewbacca at a game involving holographic dinosaurs .
61:22
The Millennium Falcon arrives where Alderaan used to be but finds it 's nothing more than an asteroid belt .
There 's a big spherical space station ahead and Luke has a very bad feeling about it .
64:17
Stormtroopers capture the Falcon but they believe there 's no -one on board .
I hope our heroes have found a safe hiding place somewhere .
CHAPTERS 31 - 40 69:10
They were under the floorboards .
Phew .
R2 - D2 has come up trumps once again after sticking out a droid - arm and docking with the spaceship 's computer .
He 's pinpointed Princess Leia 's precise location onboard .
What a droid !
Han is being a bit snappy with the princess .
Admittedly he 's under attack but surely calling her " sweetheart " is n't going to win her heart
But Leia 's about to be " terminated " so it 's time to press on with a plan which may involve Han being suave and dashing .
Will Luke have a love rival in the race for Leia 's affections ?
72:15
Luke and Han are doing very well at finding their way around the spaceship , given that they 've never been here before .
73:00
Wake up , Princess Leia .
Look who 's arrived in your cell .
It 's Luke Skywalker , and he 's here to rescue you !
75:15
Han is being a bit snappy with the princess .
Admittedly he 's under attack but surely calling her " sweetheart " is n't going to win her heart .
78:20
Luke 's ankles have been grabbed by some kind of one - eyed octopus and he 's dragged under water .
He escapes but then the walls of the room holding our heroes start to close in .
It looks like they 're in some kind of giant rubbish crusher and the race is on to get out of there .
It 's red versus blue in the light - sabre stakes as Darth and Obi square up to see who 's really the Master
79:30
The Stormtroopers find C - 3PO , who squeals like a pig immediately and reveals his friends ' plans .
This is a very poor showing from the golden pessimist .
Do n't androids have any guts ?
81:15
Just as they 're all about to get a lot thinner , as Han puts it , R2 - D2 manages to shut down the crusher .
This droid really is doing well and is shaping up to be the hero of the hour .
82:50
Leia calls Chewbacca " a big walking carpet " , which seems a little unfair .
Obi is skulking around the space station , pressing buttons and moving levers .
I 'm not sure what these do .
Big strong
Han is starting to impress Leia with his courage and strength .
I think she 's falling for him .
Would Luke Skywalker and Han Solo be able to defeat Darth Vader ?
85:10
Luke has a white utility belt which matches his karate suit and , luckily , contains a climbing rope .
He hooks it up and swings to safety across the void , carrying Leia as he goes .
Now who 's big and strong , eh , Han ?
86:45
" I 've been waiting for you , Obi Wan . "
It 's red versus blue in the lightsaber stakes as Darth and Obi square up to see who 's really the master .
89:10
Darth takes a final swipe at Obi to round off their laser - jousting , but ends up cutting through an empty cloak .
Is Obi dead , or has he used some special Force power to escape ?
91:25
Safely back in the Falcon , Luke seems to think that Obi is gone .
But he must " stay sharp " to fend off attack from the Stormtroopers , shooting at the enemy from fancy revolving chairs .
They lose lateral control , but Han does n't seem too concerned , and our heroes make the jump into hyperspace .
Hooray !
Darth has put a tracking device onboard , though .
It 's not over yet , and there 's this awkward love triangle to resolve too ...
CHAPTERS 41 - 50 95:30
Leia is reunited with her loved ones on the planet Yavin , but Darth knows she 's there and looks set to catch up with her .
Yavin looks very green and lush , with more trees than anywhere else we 've been so far on this trip .
98:20
Planet Yavin 's finest military personnel have gathered to hear how they can destroy the Death Star , but even they look unsure about whether they 'll be able to target the two - metre shaft which holds the key to its destruction .
Luke is the only one who thinks they can do it .
Han is n't going on this mission , though .
Too dangerous for him , the wimp .
Darth has jumped in a plane now , though , to take a bit of the glory .
It 's getting tense
98:55
Luke gets a peck on the cheek from Leia while grieving for Obi .
Things may be looking up for him in the romance stakes .
101:10
Luke lifts off with the rest of the squadron .
Their ships all have red go - faster stripes this time .
He 's hearing Obi's voice in his head , with another reference to the Force being with him .
It 's the 491st mention of the Force so far ( I may have lost count somewhere in the middle , though ) .
102:05
They 've arrived at the Death Star .
Let the battle commence !
105:15
Luke gets " a little cooked " during a close run-in with the enemy but is holding up well .
Darth has jumped in a plane now , though , to take a bit of the glory .
It 's getting tense .
108:30
The pilot trying to find the two - metre shaft missed first time and lost his starboard engine .
Now he 's been shot down .
It 's up to Luke to step up and save the day .
Is he on a suicide mission , as Han predicted ?
111:30
Luke switches off his tracking device and tries to use the Force .
But Darth has shot R2 - D2 , who was riding pillion - style on Luke 's plane .
No !
She 's fixed her hair differently so we know it 's A Big Deal , but then the film ends without telling us whether she falls in love with Luke or Han
112:40
The entire course of the film changes in 30 seconds - Han turns up in his plane to fend off the baddies while Luke lines up his shot and makes the target .
The Death Star is blown to smithereens and Darth 's plane is spinning out of control .
Go boys !
113:40
Our heroes are quickly back at base and C - 3PO is offering to be the robot equivalent of an organ donor if it helps to repair R2 - D2 .
Maybe that droid is n't such a wimp after all .
115:30
There 's a big fanfare as a special ceremony begins at which Princess Leia presents her two " boys " with medals .
She 's fixed her hair differently so we know it 's A Big Deal , but then the film ends without telling us whether she falls in love with Luke or Han .
Talk about a cliffhanger .
I 'm going to have to watch the second one now to find out if they get it together .
Anyway , R2 - D2 is fixed and gleaming , Darth Vader is out of the picture - without any mention of what happened to Luke 's dad , mind you - and the Force is very much with everyone once again .
I really quite enjoyed that .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Martin Bosworth
This afternoon I participated in a conference call with members of the American Civil Liberties Union and several prominent bloggers , discussing the ACLU ’s strategy for pushing the Democrats to take stronger action on the warrantless surveillance program they recently rolled over and helped legalize .
The ACLU , as you might imagine , is fighting mad over this , and their new ad campaign is pulling no punches in identifying Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi as letting themselves be led like sheep to the shearer .
More after the jump , as they say .
On the call from the ACLU side was Caroline Fredrickson , Director , Washington Legislative Office , Michelle Richardson , Legislative Consultant , Washington Legislative Office , Jameel Jaffer , Director , National Security Project , Melissa Goodman , Staff Attorney , National Security Project , and Karen Ferry , Communications Director .
Bloggers in attendance included myself , Spencer Ackerman from TPM Muckraker , Christina ( I think ) from Firedoglake , Dissent from PogoWasRight , and David Olsen and Ari Melber from Huffington Post .
( There may have been others , but these were the ones I got , so forgive me if I omit anyone or anything important . )
Frederickson did n’t waste any time , launching in to describing how Reid and Pelosi were scrambling to recover from their capitulation to Bush on FISA .
“ They ’re sending letters and making statements every day since the vote about what a bad bill this was and how they need to fix it , ” Frederickson said–attributing that to the pressure from voters , bloggers , and the media– “ but they have n’t said what they will do to fix it . ”
Frederickson hammered the point that the Dems are the majority party and have the responsibility to fix this terrible mistake .
Jameel Jaffer noted that in a surprising turn of events , the ACLU petitioned the FISA court to view the court orders that Attorney General Gonzalez asked for from FISA to continue the wiretap program after agreeing to place it under FISA ’s authority –and FISA agreed , issuing an order that the White House needs to provide the documentation .
Jaffer also criticized appeals court rulings that defended the government ’s position that to even bring up the case would harm national security interests , and that plaintiffs can’t prove they were injured , because the surveillance program is secret in the first place .
“ We ’ve proven injury on numerous occasions –if the majority opinion in the Sixth Circuit Court prevails over the Supreme Court ’s precedent , the Court is going to have to write new law . ”
Olsen and Melber asked if the ACLU had directly contacted Reid and Pelosi over their actions , and what the organization–and everyday people–can do to push for a fix .
Frederickson said the ACLU did n’t contact them directly , noting that Pelosi alone apparently received 200,000 e-mails the first day after the vote .
Frederickson reiterated that contacting legislators and letting them know Americans ’ displeasure was the way to go .
“ We lost a lot of allies in this fight –people we never would have expected to support warrantless surveillance voted in favor of the Protect America Act , ” she said ruefully .
“ Make sure to contact everyone , no matter how liberal your legislator is . ”
Dissent asked if the ACLU would be targeting telecom companies like AT&T who want blanket immunity for participating in the surveillance program .
Frederickson said the push against the telecoms would be part of the ACLU ’s fall campaign pushing for a reassessment of the Protect America Act .
Frederickson noted that the telecoms are some of “ the biggest political contributors out there , ” and they ’re “ whispering in people ’s ears that they want immunity , ” and that their influence gets them places even the ACLU ca n’t go .
Spencer Ackerman asked what the ACLU would repeal from the Protect America
Act if it had the opportunity to do so .
“ It ’s all important –you ca n’t disaggregate any of it , ” Frederickson said .
The ACLU ’s prime push was to get “ a neutral third party in charge of wiretapping oversight again , ” with Frederickson saying that the FISA court needs to be put back in charge and that it “ was n’t Alberto Gonzales ’ job to authorize wiretaps and surveillance . ”
The last question was mine , and I asked if the ACLU felt that their excellent “ sheep ” ad targeting Reid and Pelosi was crafted to drive the point home in a clearer fashion to Americans about the dangers of the FISA failure , as I remembered Matt Stoller ’s criticism of the “ Find Habeas ” campaign .
Karen
Ferry thought the ad was “ sharp , clever , and effective , ” and that it would get the point across to those who needed to see it .
It was really impressive to see how fighting - mad Frederickson and company were –they really did n’t hesitate to slam the Dems for not only capitulating utterly on FISA , but for offering substitutions that “ did n’t go nearly as far as we wanted them to . ”
“ We need to be assured that the Democrats will do the right thing , ” she said .
“ They thought this was something they could slip by the base because everyone ’s so focused on the war in Iraq .
No .
The Constitution is too important for that . ”
Space flight has been shown to have a profound impact on human physiology as the body adapts to zero gravity environments .
Now , a new study led by researchers from the Biodesign Institute at Arizona State University has shown that the tiniest passengers flown in space -- microbes -- can be equally affected by space flight , making them more infectious pathogens .
" Space flight alters cellular and physiological responses in astronauts including the immune response , " said Nickerson , who led a project aboard NASA 's space shuttle mission STS - 115 ( September 2006 ) involving a large , international collaboration between NASA , ASU and 12 other research institutions .
" However , relatively little was known about microbial changes to infectious disease risk in response to space flight . "
Cheryl Nickerson and lead author James Wilson , both professors in ASU 's School of Life Sciences , have performed the first study of its kind to investigate the effect of space flight on the genetic responses and disease - causing potential , or virulence , of Salmonella typhimurium , the main bacterial culprit of food poisoning .
Their results , published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , reveal a key role for a master regulator , called Hfq , in triggering the genetic changes that show an increase in the virulence of Salmonella as a result of spaceflight .
The results of these studies hold potential to greatly advance infectious disease research in space and here on Earth , and may lead to the development of new therapeutics to treat and prevent infectious disease .
To study the effects of space flight , Nickerson and colleagues sent specially contained tubes of Salmonella in an experimental payload aboard the Space Shuttle Atlantis .
The tubes of bacteria were placed in triple containment for safety and posed no threat to the health and safety of the crew during or after the mission .
During the flight , astronaut Heidemarie M. Stefanyshyn - Piper activated growth of the bacteria in sealed hardware and ' fixed ' the cultures after a day of growth to determine changes in gene and protein expression levels .
advertisement
" The bacterial cultures were taken up into space and activated to grow in a separate compartment of the tubes called the growth chamber , " said Nickerson .
" The bacteria did n't have access to the growth chamber until Heide pushed down on a plunger which introduced the bacteria into the growth media .
Then they were grown for 24 hours , and at the end of 24 hours , Heide pushed down on the plunger again , which either " fixed " the bacteria with chemicals that preserved the gene expression message , or else introduced fresh media to keep the bacteria growing to perform the virulence studies . "
As a synchronous control experiment back on Earth , Nickerson 's team grew an identical set of bacteria in the same type of tubes used for flight and incubated them in a special room at the NASA Kennedy Space Center called the orbital environmental simulator .
" This simulator is linked in real - time to the shuttle , and duplicates the exact temperature , humidity and growth conditions of the shuttle , with the exception that they are not flying in space , " said Nickerson .
" In addition , we were also linked via real - time telecommunications with the shuttle crew when they were activating and terminating our experiments in flight , and we did the exact same things at the same time to the ground samples that the astronauts did to the flight samples -- thus we had perfectly matched synchronous ground controls . "
After the bacteria returned to Earth , the group performed the first global analysis of Salmonella to measure the effect of space flight on gene and protein expression and virulence .
By measuring the gene and protein patterns , the researchers could hone in on the key molecular players necessary for virulence from among thousands of potential candidates .
" We chose to measure gene expression at the mRNA level since the technique to do this , called microarray analysis , is a highly advanced and convenient way to quantitatively measure the expression of every gene in a single experiment , " said Wilson , who coordinated the team 's molecular profiling efforts for the Nickerson lab , and played a central role in the performance of these experiments , including data analysis .
" It is a very powerful technique that was very applicable to the spaceflight experiment .
The isolation of mRNA poses particular challenges since it is very sensitive to degradation , but we designed the experiment using a fixative that preserved the mRNA very well . "
After logging in millions of miles in space , the invaluable and well - traveled bacterial samples were analyzed back on Earth , and for the protein profiling studies , were taken to the University of Arizona 's core proteomics facility at its Center for Toxicology to measure the level of every protein that had been subjected to space flight .
advertisement
" Working with the UA group was great and we obtained very nice data that complemented the microarray analysis very well , " said Wilson .
" Keep in mind also that our body of mRNA and protein expression data from this experiment is precious , since comprehensive analysis of an organism 's molecular genetic response to space flight is very rare . "
Compared to bacteria that remained on earth , the space - traveling Salmonella had changed expression of 167 genes .
After the flight , animal virulence studies showed that bacteria that were flown in space were almost three times as likely to cause disease when compared with control bacteria grown on the ground .
The study discovered that an important regulatory protein , Hfq , may be a key molecule responsible for the increased virulence due to space flight .
" Hfq is a protein that binds to and regulates a number of regulatory RNAs , which in turn , control gene expression , " said Nickerson .
" Our studies suggest that there may be a role for these regulatory RNAs in the cellular response to the physical and mechanical forces found in spaceflight , which are relevant to conditions that cells encounter here on Earth during the normal course of their lifecycles . "
These results have important implications for human health since Salmonella ( and other gut - related bacterial pathogens ) are a leading cause of food - borne illness and infectious disease , especially in the developing world .
Nickerson 's group further highlights Hfq as a potential therapeutic target , since no vaccine currently exists for Salmonella food - borne infections in humans .
In addition , the space flight studies may shed new light on why Salmonella has become increasingly resistant to antibiotic treatment .
" We also studied the morphology of the bacteria in response to space flight , and the change that we observed is consistent with what looks like formation of a biofilm .
The ground grown samples did not show biofilm formation .
Biofilms are associated with increased pathogenicity because the immune system can't clear the bacteria effectively and antibiotics do n't treat them effectively . "
The group will embark on another space shuttle mission likely next year to further understand the risks and mechanisms of infectious disease agents during space flight and how microbes cause infections on Earth .
Litchfield Enquirer
Protestors meet up with Murphy
By : David Hutte
U.S. Rep. Chris Murphy , D - 5 , could have pretended he did not see the six people protesting the Iraq war outside the Litchfield Community Center Saturday , where he had come to speak about land preservation .
Instead , the first - term congressman approached the protesters - and promptly received an earful .
( Original Article )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Researchers working in Ethiopia have unearthed the fossils of a 10 - million - year - old ape , a discovery they say suggests that humans and African great apes may have split much earlier than thought .
The Ethiopian and Japanese team named the species Chororapithecus abyssinicus and said it represents the earliest recognized primate directly related to modern - day gorillas , chimpanzees and bonobos .
“ The human fossil record goes back six to seven million years , but we know nothing about how the human line actually emerged from apes , ” the researchers said in a statement on Wednesday that accompanied publication of their study in Nature magazine .
“ Chororapithecus gives us the first glimpse of the ape side background to the human origins story . ”
The researchers found the fossils in steep , rough terrain about 170 km ( 105 miles ) east of Addis Ababa .
The team , which dug up one canine tooth and eight molars , determined the molars were from a great ape because they shared special characteristics with modern gorillas for eating fibrous food such as stems and leaves .
They concluded Chororapithecus was either a primitive form of gorilla or an independent branch showing a similar adaptation at about the time when the gorilla line was emerging elsewhere .
“ If it ’s not a gorilla relative , then it ’s something very similar to what an early gorilla must have looked like ” , Gen Suwa of the University of Tokyo , one of the researchers , said .
Peter Andrews , a paleontologist at the British Natural History Museum and expert on human origins , called the discovery exciting because the fossil evidence from great apes , the closest living relatives to humans , is almost non-existent .
But he said he was not certain enough about some of the characteristics of the new fossil ape ’s teeth to name a new species ancestral to gorillas -- as the researchers have done -- that pushes back the timeline of the ape - human split .
“ It is stretching the evidence to base a timescale for the evolution of the great apes on this new fossil , ” Andrews said in a telephone interview .
Some scientists have also speculated that the direct line of ancestral ape that spawned gorillas , chimpanzees and humans came to Africa from Eurasia .
But the researchers said their findings added to evidence that Africa was the place of origin of both humans and modern African apes and indicated that gorillas split off from a common ancestor with humans and chimpanzees long before the generally accepted time of 7 to 8 million years ago .
“ Chororapithecus indicates that a reconsideration of this assumption is needed , ” the researchers said .
“ In fact , if the orang line was present in Africa prior ( to the ) first migration of Miocene ( some 23 - 25 million years ago ) apes from Africa to Eurasia , then the human - orang split could have easily have been as old as 20 million years ago . ”
An office worker in a file photo .
How do people get ahead in the workplace ?
One way seems to be by making their subordinates miserable , according to a study released on Friday .
REUTERS / Catherine Benson
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - How do people get ahead in the workplace ?
One way seems to be by making their subordinates miserable , according to a study released Friday .
In the study to be presented at a conference on management this weekend , almost two - thirds of the 240 participants in an online survey said the local workplace tyrant was either never censured or was promoted for domineering ways .
“ The fact that 64.2 percent of the respondents indicated that either nothing at all or something positive happened to the bad leader is rather remarkable -- remarkably disturbing , ” wrote the study ’s authors , Anthony Don Erickson , Ben Shaw and Zha Agabe of Bond University in Australia .
Despite their success in the office , spiteful supervisors can cause serious malaise for their subordinates , the study suggested , citing nightmares , insomnia , depression and exhaustion as symptoms of serving a brutal boss .
The authors advocated immediate intervention by industry chiefs to stop fledgling office authoritarians from rising up the ranks .
“ As with any sort of cancer , the best alternative to prevention is early detection , ” they wrote .
They faulted senior managers for not recognizing the signs of workplace strife wrought by bad bosses .
“ The leaders above them who did nothing , who rewarded and promoted bad leaders ... represent an additional problem . ”
The study will be presented at the annual meeting of the Academy of Management , a research and teaching organization with nearly 17,000 members , from Sunday to Wednesday in Philadelphia .
Wow .
CNN ’s Jackie Schechner just reported that John McCain ’s presidential campaign
Web site is urging supporters to spam conservative blogs tonight with pro-McCain comments in order to make it look like McCain won the debate .
This , from McCain ’s site :
Make your voice heard on other blogs .
Click here for our blog roll and visit other blogs before , during and after the debate to make your voice heard and talking up your support of John McCain .
Many of these site will be querying their audiences about who won the debate – help us promote John McCain .
Only problem ?
Few top conservative blogs accept comments from readers – most of the top liberal blogs do accept such comments .
I ’m not sure if this is smart , or too smart by half , of McCain .
If it were my blog , I ’d be ticked that some candidate was telling his minions to flood us with astro-turf ( i.e. , concocted ) support for a certain candidate .
Having said that , it ’s not a dumb idea to have your supporters talking you up .
But still , something feels fake about McCain ’s appeal .
Curious what others think .
Hamas fighters have taken over many Fatah strongholds
Enlarge Image
Former Finance Minister Salam Fayyad , an independent , has been asked to take over and form an emergency government .
It comes amid political upheaval in Gaza , where Hamas has forcibly taken control from its Fatah rivals .
But Ismail Haniya , of Hamas , said he was still prime minister , while Hamas denounced Mr Abbas ' move as illegal .
Hamas ' exiled political chief , Khaled Meshaal , meanwhile said his movement will work with Mr Abbas .
" He is an elected president , and we will co-operate with him for the sake of national interest , " he said .
Pledge of support
A former World Bank executive , Mr Fayyad is a well - respected figure internationally .
In recent months , foreign governments have chosen to deal with him directly as a means of bypassing Hamas , but Hamas swiftly rejected the appointment , saying it viewed the entire interim administration as illegal .
" It is a coup against legitimacy and a transgression of all the laws , " Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri told the AFP news agency .
SALAM FAYYAD
Born in 1952 near West Bank city of Tulkarm Holds a PhD in economics from the University of Texas Worked at the World Bank in Washington from 1987 - 1995 IMF representative to Palestine until 2001 Finance minister under the Fatah - controlled administration from 2002 - 2005 Credited with cracking down on official corruption
Profile : Salam Fayyad Q&A : Gaza chaos How Hamas took over
Arab foreign ministers are holding an emergency meeting in Cairo , while Egypt has pulled its envoys out of Gaza in protest at Hamas ' takeover .
An uneasy calm has returned to the Strip after a week of fierce fighting between members of Mr Abbas 's Fatah movement and Hamas , which claimed at least 100 lives .
Vehicles returned to the roads and shops were open in Gaza .
Few armed men were visible on the streets and there were reports of only sporadic gunfire .
However , outbreaks of looting at former Fatah strongholds were reported , while the home of Fatah strongman Mohammed Dahlan was stripped bare .
Masked Hamas gunmen ransacked Mr Abbas ' seafront offices on Friday , discarding portraits of the Palestinian Authority President and his predecessor , Yasser Arafat , on the floor , their glass frames in pieces .
As Hamas consolidated its grip on power , the group said it had released several top Fatah military commanders seized during the violence under a prisoner " amnesty " .
Hamas ' military wing called for the immediate release of BBC journalist Alan Johnston , abducted in Gaza in March .
They said his continued detention was unacceptable and Hamas TV reported on Friday night that " practical steps " were being taken to bring about Mr Johnston 's freedom .
Meanwhile , about 200 Fatah officials from Gaza have sought refuge in Egypt since Thursday .
A further 3,000 Palestinian civilians are now stranded on the Egyptian side of the Rafah crossing which is closed .
Rafah provides the people of Gaza with their only point of access to the outside world .
Hamas has said it intends to take control of the crossing point .
However , it is not certain that Israel , Egypt and the European monitors who operated the facility will allow that .
Rule by decree
President Abbas dismissed the three - month - old unity government on Thursday and declared a state of emergency .
He has said he will rule by presidential decree until the conditions are right for early elections .
Under the Palestinian Basic Law , essentially the Palestinian constitution , the president can rule by decree for 30 days .
This can be extended with the approval of the parliament .
The BBC's Matthew Price in Jerusalem says this may be an irrelevance , as Mr Abbas appears to no longer have any influence in Gaza .
Our correspondent says the West Bank and Gaza Strip will now effectively be split from one another - Gaza run by Hamas and the West Bank by Fatah .
There are also fears that violence will spread to the West Bank , where Fatah is dominant .
By Clare Murphy
BBC News health reporter
Red Army soldiers used bacteriophages against gangrene
In the 1930s , a war was on .
A new treatment for bacterial infections - antibiotics - was seeking to assert its supremacy over another fledgling therapy - a bacteria - devouring virus called a bacteriophage .
In the West , it was Alexander Fleming 's antibiotic which won the day : penicillin was effective and widely available thanks to synthetic production .
The initial euphoria around the bacteriophage as a means of combating what had been incurable conditions subsided and the virus was all but forgotten .
But not in Stalin 's Soviet Union , where a research programme was pioneered in his homeland of Georgia .
Even today , the bacteriophage is used as standard treatment in parts of Eastern Europe for bacterial infections from gangrene to strep throat .
Meanwhile in the West , the love affair with antibiotics is drawing to a close .
Overuse means many bacteria have become resistant to many forms of the treatment , and the willingness of drug firms to bring new brands onto the market appears to be faltering .
It can cost as much as £ 400 m ( $ 800 m ) to develop the drug and take as long as ten years .
The frantic search for an alternative treatment amid dire warnings that we are on the brink of returning to a pre-antibiotic era means the bacteriophage which was dismissed decades ago may yet have its day .
Latching on
What has long made antibiotics so appealing is the fact that they eliminate so many types of bacteria in one go .
Phages are more complicated : a certain type has to be found to combat each infection .
BACTERIOPHAGE HISTORY 1896 : Ernest Hankin notes Indian rivers possess anti-bacterial properties 1915 : Frederick Twort discovers a " bacteria virus " 1917 : Felix d'Herelle makes same observations , calls them " bacteriophages " 1923 : Eliava Institute founded in Georgia 1925 : Four patients with bubonic plague successfully treated
" But it 's this specificity which makes them so attractive , " says Dr Ron Dixon , Head of the Department of Forensic and Biomedical Sciences at Lincoln University .
" It will only kill the bacteria you want it to . "
The word bacteriophage literally means " to eat bacteria " .
Once the phage has entered the body , it attaches itself to the bacteria causing the infection , and shoots in its own DNA to make the bacteria start producing bacteriophages .
Within 30 minutes , up to 200 new phage are created , according to Dr Dixon , and in the process the bacteria die .
The job done , the phage automatically start to disappear .
And if the bacteria become resistant to the phage , as they have done to antibiotics , a new phage matched to the new bacteria can be developed .
In order to inhibit resistance , a cocktail of phages would most likely be used in treatment .
There are no known side - effects , researchers stress , although there were significant numbers of deaths in the 1930s and 1940s .
Those pioneering this 21st Century drive to promote the therapy say these were mainly the result of a failure to understand the biology of phages , inaccurate diagnoses of patients in the first place and poor manufacturing procedures .
What next ?
Nonetheless , few Western companies have so far ventured into the field of bacteriophage therapy .
It will only kill the bacteria you want it to
Dr Ron Dixon
Dr Nick Housby of Novolytics Limited - one firm which has - says this is because of the intellectual property rights surrounding the therapy , which has so long been used elsewhere .
Phages are notoriously hard to patent , the process by which drug companies secure their future profits .
Novolytics is currently working on a cream which they say could combat MRSA .
Inserted into the nose , where MRSA bacteria frequently linger , it is hoped the cream could combat more than 15 strains of the condition .
But it still needs to be subjected to two phases of clinical testing , and even if these proved it successful , it may take as many as five years for the cream to hit the market .
Separately , researchers are working with the Eliava Institute in Georgia , where an MRSA fighting phage has been developed , to see if it could have applications in the UK .
Here is one of those unbelievable but true stories .
See the references at the end of the pictures .
There are many pictures but well worth the wait to see them .
I found this floating around on the internet and added the references .
Unfortunately , I cannot give credit to the original poster since that information has been lost .
Enjoy !
Please do not try this at home .
Remember , this is a professional captain at work .
The towboat is approaching the bridge with barges loaded with coal .
This frame gives you an idea of how fast the river is running .
Obviously at or near flood stage .
Oh CRAP !!!;
The bridge did n't open and the boat can't stop .
Notice that the tug has released the barges .
He is backing as hard as possible to try and avoid a collision with the bridge .
Ca n't make it against the current .
Uh Oh !
The current has swung the boat around sideways .
The cook thinks maybe something is n't quite right .
The boss is going to be REAL mad !
Uh ... Boss ?
Do we have flood insurance on this boat ?
Uh .... Boss ?
You ain't gonna believe what we just did !
She 's low , but the flag is still flying .
The wheelhouse door and the door in the second deck are now open .
Look close at the bottom righthand side of the picture and you will see that the bridge guardrail is underwater .
The water is pouring out of the bridge .
Look at the water pouring out of the second deck doorway .
The working deck is still underwater , but rising .
Notice anything unusual ?
Look at the smoke coming from the exhausts .
This thing is running !!!
Notice the propwash at the rear of the tug .
The boat is back under power .
Ho Hum .
Just another day on the river .
It happened in April 28 , 1979 at the old Rooster Bridge at Demopolis , Alabama .
The tugboat name was CAHABA .
Captain Jimmy Wilkerson , was dropping two of his four barges through the east span of the Rooster Bridge , with the intent of running around through the lift span and catching them below .
Pilot Earl Barnhart was on the tow helping the two deckhands take off safety wires , winch wires , etc. Wilkerson underestimated the current , and got too close to the bridge .
The current laid the CAHABA onto the bridge .
When the lower port deck went awash , the vessel rolled , went through the span , and came back up once it cleared .
Captain Wilkerson remained at the sticks ; however , at one point he was straddled on the starboard pilot house door frame , and the port front pilot house window blew out , filling the place with water .
The photographer , Al Democrat , was from Linden and happened to get caught as the CAHABA blew for a draw at the Rooster bridge .
The pictures were published in the Linden newspaper at that time .
Compiled and edited by :
Bertho Boman
Vinland Corporation
Some industry observers have cautioned against taking on Mr. Jobs directly .
“ When your customers are iPod addicts , who are you striking back against ? , ” said Ken Hertz , an entertainment lawyer who represents artists like Beyoncé and the Black Eyed Peas .
“ The record companies now have to figure out how to stimulate competition without alienating Steve Jobs , and they need to do that while Steve Jobs still has an incentive to keep them at the table . ”
But other music industry executives say the major labels must take a harder line with Apple at some point if they are to recalibrate the relationship .
In particular , they say , it is unfair for Mr. Jobs to exert tight control over prices and other terms while profiting from the iPod.
Mr. Jobs , in February , noted that less than 3 percent of the music on the average iPod was bought from iTunes , leading music executives to speculate that the devices in many instances are used to store pirated songs .
( Of course , users can also fill their players with songs copied from their own CD collections . )
Apple has now sold more than 100 million iPods , and the device ’s ties to iTunes have helped make Apple the leading seller of digital music by a wide margin .
The iTunes service accounts for 76 percent of digital music sales , and the contract talks come as it is on the rise —
Apple recently surpassed Amazon.com to become the third - biggest seller of music over all , behind Wal - Mart and Best Buy , according to data from the market research firm NPD .
All of that has transformed Apple into a prominent gatekeeper , wielding influence as a tastemaker by highlighting selected artists on iTunes storefront , and as an architect of the underlying business dynamics .
Apple has stuck to a pricing system that charges a flat 99 cents for a song since iTunes started four years ago ( except for the recent introduction of songs without copy protection , which carry a higher price ) .
Mr. Jobs has long argued that a uniform system and low prices will invite new consumers and reduce piracy .
But some music executives have been chafing at the flat rate that Apple has insisted upon in its contracts with the big record labels , and they have been pressing publicly or privately for the right to charge Apple more for popular songs to capitalize on demand or , in the event of special promotions , to charge less .
Edgar Bronfman Jr. , the chairman of Warner Music Group , reinforced that idea at a recent investor conference , saying “ we believe that not every song , not every artist , not every album , is created equal . ”
In the backdrop of the pricing dispute is an investigation by European regulators who are studying the roles of the music companies and Apple in setting prices in certain international markets .
The fact is that nearly 50,000,000 Americans have NO health insurance , and even those who DO have health insurance are at risk of bankruptcy when confronted by cancer .
And 18,000 die in the US from lack of health care .
Stossel will selectively quote a lot of garbage about the Canadian healthcare system and how people have to wait a long time .
All of that stuff is bogus , based only on a couple of papers " compiled " by a strange outfit called the Fraser Institute , a libertarian " think tank " which is allied with big business issues such as global warming denying and Big Tobacco defense .
No other studies have found anything nearly as bad as what the Fraser Institute claims .
The fact is , in the US , elective surgery is very available because it 's VERY profitable ( as in ridiculous ) , and consequently there are surgicenters on every street corner .
As a result , your regular hospital , where you go for emergent treatment , is going broke .
So they have to charge a thousand dollars to treat your cut finger .
The fact is , virtually no one comes to the US from Canada for medical care , but many Americans travel to Canada and other countries for care .
The healthcare system in this country is just too expensive for most people .
We pay more and more every year for less and less .
The average person has to pay something like 500 a month for a decent policy , and even then they have a yearly deductible of $ 3000 , plus copay for every visit and prescription refill .
If a person gets sick , the insurance will often attempt to cancel or renig , and if the person ever changes jobs , it is possible he / she will not be able to transfer coverage .
Even doctors and hospitals in the US think the system is crap .
And we pay twice as much per capita as does Canada .
Stossel may claim that the reason US infant mortality is so high relative to other countries is that we count every baby , no matter how premature or ill , while other countries do n't record those births .
This has never been proven , and does n't explain why US infant mortality is now GOING UP , rather than improving .
Certainly Cuba does not have the expensive high - tech equipment and even some drugs that the US has ; partly because the US is trying to drive them into the ground .
But they do a great job with what they have .
They have a great life expectancy and a very low rate of AIDS .
I am not looking forward to Stossel 's half - truths and inventions , but I do n't think it will have a great impact on Friday at 10 pm .
If you want to scale to the petabyte level , or the billion requests a day , you need to be : Distributed .
The data has to be distributed across multiple machines .
Joinless .
No joins , and no referential integrity , at least at the data store level .
De-Normalized .
No one said this explicily , but I presume there is a lot of de-normalization going on if you are avoiding joins .
Transcationless .
No transactions .
Those constraints represent something fundamentally different from a relational database .
The Mnesia DBMS runs in the same adress space as the application owning the data , yet the application cannot destroy the contents of the data base .
This provides for both fast accesses and efficient fault tolerance , normally conflicting requirements .
The implementation is based on features in the Erlang programming language , in which Mnesia is embedded .
Fast realtime key / value lookup .
Complicated non realtime queries mainly for operation and maintenance .
Distributed data due to distributed applications .
High fault tolerance .
Dynamic re configuration .
Complex objects .
Mnesia is also interesting due to its tight coupling to the programming language Erlang , thus almost turning Erlang into a database programming language .
This has many benefits , the foremost being that the impedance mismatch between data format used by the DBMS and data format used by the programming language which is being used to manipulate the data , completely disappears .
X = #person {
name = klacke ,
data = {male , 36 , 971191} ,
married_to = eva ,
children = [ marten , maja , klara ]
} .
Complex values .
Mnesia supports the ability to handle complex values naturally and efficiently ( i.e. via a single lookup operation ) .
" Organizing the telecommunications data in third ( or even first ) normal form is usually not possible . "
Storing complex values in columns means that no joins need to be made .
. Mnesia supports the ability to handle complex values naturally and efficiently ( i.e. via a single lookup operation ) .
Storing complex values in columns means that no joins need to be made .
Data format and address space .
The DBMS runs in the same process space as the application .
This allows a lookup to return a pointer to the object without the need to marshall the object to or from different data formats , or access it over the wire .
The paper covers a common criticism of this approach where an application crash can corrupt the database by explaining that in Erlang an application can not crash in a way that would impact the DBMS .
" Erlang processes have the efficiency advantage of running in the same address space but they do not have the possibility to explicitly read or write each others memory . "
.
The DBMS runs in the same process space as the application .
This allows a lookup to return a pointer to the object without the need to marshall the object to or from different data formats , or access it over the wire .
The paper covers a common criticism of this approach where an application crash can corrupt the database by explaining that in Erlang an application can not crash in a way that would impact the DBMS .
Fault Tolerance .
Tables can be replicated to several compute nodes .
Write operations apply to all replicas within the context of a transaction , with the ability to update replicas that are not available through updates upon recovery .
" This mechanism makes it possible to design systems where several geographically distinct systems cooperate to provide a continuously running nonstop system . "
.
Tables can be replicated to several compute nodes .
Write operations apply to all replicas within the context of a transaction , with the ability to update replicas that are not available through updates upon recovery .
Distribution and location transparency .
Provide the ability for the application developer to access tables transparently - i.e. regardless of if it is remote or local , or a replica .
However , there also exists a means to determine the location of the table and have code execution occur close to the data in the case where performance is critical .
.
Provide the ability for the application developer to access tables transparently - i.e. regardless of if it is remote or local , or a replica .
However , there also exists a means to determine the location of the table and have code execution occur close to the data in the case where performance is critical .
Transactions and ACID .
Mnesia supports ACID ( Atomicity , Consistency , Isolation and Durability ) , but also offers the ability to perform in memory only operations on tables ( at the expense of durability ) .
. Mnesia supports ACID ( Atomicity , Consistency , Isolation and Durability ) , but also offers the ability to perform in memory only operations on tables ( at the expense of durability ) .
The ability to bypass the transaction manager .
The concept of a " dirty interface " is introduced as a light weight locking mechanism that avoids the overhead of using the transaction manager .
This capability is useful for performance critical operations , such as performing a record lookup .
" These dirty operations are true realtime DBMS operations : they take the same predictable amount of time regardless of the size of the database . "
.
The concept of a " dirty interface " is introduced as a light weight locking mechanism that avoids the overhead of using the transaction manager .
This capability is useful for performance critical operations , such as performing a record lookup .
Queries .
Queries are expressed using a so - called " list comprehension syntax " .
For example , to find the names of people with more than X children the expression is formulated as : query [ P.name || P < table ( person ) , length ( P.children ) >
X ] end .
. Queries are expressed using a so - called " list comprehension syntax " .
For example , to find the names of people with more than X children the expression is formulated as : .
Schema alteration .
The Erlang language itself supports the ability to change code of executing processing without stopping the process .
This allows the Mnesia database to alter schema dynamically .
" Since Mnesia is intended for nonstop applications , all system activities such as performing a backup , changing the schema , dumping tables to secondary storage and copying replicas have to be performed in the background while still allowing the applications to access and modify tables as usual . "
The Mnesia system is currently being used to build real products in Ericsson today , thus it is no longer a mere prototype system , it has matured enough to be labeled a product .
I think that increased data volumes will impact day to day programing work far more than multicore will .
A constant theme in the work I 've done in the last few years has been dealing with larger and larger datasets .
What Joe Gregorio calls " Megadata " ( but now wishes he did n't ) .
Large data sets are no longer esoteric concerns for a few big companies , but are becoming commonplace .
The big volumes mean you need to be able to write data and not care where it went .
And you need keyed lookup for reads built on top of the FS , not in the RDBMS ( on the basis that an RDBMS with no joins , constraints or triggers is an indexed filesystem ) .
That will end looking looking something like hadoop , mogilefs or S3 - a data parallel architecture .
By ANDY DOLAN
Last updated at 11:53 02 May 2007
For anyone who struggles to get a good night 's rest , it could be a dream come true .
Scientists have invented a technique which they say could help trigger deep sleep in the most chronic insomniac .
Using medical equipment , they stimulated the brain with harmless magnetic pulses .
These penetrate the nerves that control a type of deep sleep called " slow - wave activity " and made their brains produce these waves .
More follows ...
Researchers believe the same principles could be used to create a machine which can electronically stimulate a deep - sleep power nap .
This mimics the restorative benefits of eight hours of rest .
Professor Giulio Tononi led the research at the University of Wisconsin - Madison in the U.S .
He sent the magnetic signal through the skull into a specific part of the brain .
There , it activated electrical impulses .
In response to each burst of magnetism , the sleeping volunteers ' brains produced slow waves typical of deep sleep .
" We do n't know why , but this was a very good place ( in the brain ) to evoke big waves that clearly travel through every part of the brain .
" With a single pulse , we were able to induce a wave that looks identical to the waves the brain makes normally during sleep , " he said .
There are two broad categories of sleep .
In REM ( rapid eye movement ) , the brain starts to dream and the eyes move rapidly from side to side under the closed eyelids .
In the other phase , slow waves wash over the brain at a rate of about one a second , 1,000 times a night .
Slow - wave activity occupies about 20 per cent of sleeping hours .
For the study , the researchers used an electroencephalograph machine , which records brain activity , and a transcranial magnetic stimulation machine to deliver the electronic pulse .
They aim to find a way of helping those with chronic insomnia .
It is not known what causes the condition .
But it is believed it may result from an inability to carry out slowwave activity , which occurs at the start of a night 's sleep .
Studies have shown that when the sleep - deprived are allowed to rest , they produce larger and more numerous slow waves , which become weaker as sleep progresses .
This , Professor Tononi said , may signal that the need for sleep is partially satisfied .
Creating slow waves on demand raises the potential of similar treatments for insomnia .
Theoretically , it could also lead to a magnetically - triggered " power nap " .
The research is published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
But other sleep experts reacted with scepticism .
Dr Joan Harthan , a sleep expert from the University of Nottingham , said : " We know that people go through five or six sleep cycles which alternate between slow - wave sleep and REM sleep , but we do n't know exactly how each type of sleep benefits the body .
" As a result I do n't think it would be beneficial to have eight hours of solid slow - wave sleep .
But I think this device could have potential to trigger short ' power naps ' . "
Dr Neil Stanley , a sleep expert at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , said : " This research does n't actually prove anything .
The problem insomniacs have is getting to sleep in the first place , not drifting into a deep sleep where this short - wave activity occurs . "
Elbruz Publication 190567
1. Largest Island
Greenland ( DEN )
( map source : www.expediamaps.com)
Largest lake
Caspian Sea ( RUS / KAZ / AZE / TKM / IRN )
( map source : www.expediamaps.com)
2. Largest lake on an island
Nettilling Lake on Baffin Island ( CAN )
( map source : www.expediamaps.com)
3. Largest island in a lake
Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron ( CAN )
( map source : www.expediamaps.com)
4. Largest island in a lake on an island
Pulau Samosir in Danau Toba on Sumatera ( INA )
( map source : www.expediamaps.com)
5 . Largest lake on an island in a lake
Lake Manitou on Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron ( CAN )
( map source : www.cycnorth.com)
6. Largest lake on an island in a lake on an island
Crater Lake on Vulcano Island in Lake Taal on Luzon ( PHI )
( photo source : www.jpl.nasa)
7. Largest island in a lake on an island in a lake
Island in Mindemoya Lake on Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron ( CAN )
( see map above )
8. Largest island in a lake on an island in a lake on an island
Vulcan point in Crater Lake on Vulcano Island in Lake Taal on Luzon ( PHI )
( photo source : www.adventure.simplenet.com)
404
Возможно , неправильная ссылка .
Попробуйте найти статью по названию или сообщите нам об ошибк е
MOSCOW , Russia ( Reuters ) -- Russia 's main producer of spacecraft is to be put into emergency administration to fight off bankruptcy , Russia 's Interfax news agency quoted the company 's chief as saying on Tuesday .
The Energia Rocket and Space Corporation is the main Russian contractor for the international space station and also makes satellites and rockets .
It was unclear if Russia 's space program would be affected .
" We intend to introduce emergency administration for the corporation , because the financial idealism that existed here has led not to flights to the moon , but to bankruptcy , " Interfax quoted company chairman Vitaly Lopota as saying .
In April , Nikolai Sevastianov , who headed Energia at the time , told the Vedomosti daily the company was working on a new space transport system that could eventually lead to the industrial development of the moon .
E-mail to a friend
Copyright 2007 Reuters .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Netscape ’s Traffic Revealed : 10 Million Monthly Uniques
I was perusing the HTML source code of Netscape.com when I noticed that they have the Quantcast script .
This means the numbers you see here are about as accurate as you can get without looking at actual server logs .
So what does Quantcast have to say ?
Apparently the Netscape.com domain received almost 12 million uniques in June .
If you remove the sub - domains that do n’t make up the social news site ( about 9 % ) , you get over 10 million uniques .
Note that Quantcast ’s numbers are also likely to be low since they rely on the javascript to be enabled on the visitor ’s browser .
I ’ve been a Netscape Scout for a year now and this even surprised me .
I ’ve seen some pretty steady growth in the usage of the site .
For example , when I started , half the stories on the front page had less than 10 votes .
Nowadays it is not uncommon to see the top 5 stories with 100 + votes each .
Over 300,000 users have registered .
Over 500,000 stories have been submitted .
And over 1,100,000 comments have been made .
( All of those numbers are available on the Netscape tracker )
That all being said , I think it ’s safe to say this amount of traffic is higher than anyone would have expected .
So it begs the question : why do n’t they tout this ?
This , combined with their Google PageRank of 9 , should make Netscape extremely attractive to content producers .
UPDATE : Krista from Quantcast confirms in the comments that they measure Netscape ’s traffic directly .
10 . The Exploding Jawbreaker in the Microwave
This one is true , true , true and was proven so by the MythBusters .
Nobody can explain exactly why , but microwaving a giant jawbreaker will turn it into a very dangerous molten sugar grenade .
Also , nobody can explain why someone would microwave a jawbreaker in the first place .
9. Chocolate is Caffeinated
OK , I used to have a German roommate who will freak out is she reads this , because she used to swear eating chocolate kept her up late .
Turns out , this is only very mildly true , ( 10 mg of caffeine per ounce of chocolate , tops ) but there is so little caffeine in the amount of chocolate people eat in one sitting , it would be akin to claiming to feel a buzz off the alcohol in the vanilla extract in chocolate .
( That is , if it ’s cheap chocolate that does n’t use real vanilla .
But I digress . )
8. The Gruesome Origins of LifeSavers ’ Name
Has anyone ever tried to freak you out with this little bedtime story :
The inventor of LifeSavers originally designed the candies to be disks without holes , but when his poor little daughter tragically choked on one and died , he vowed to end the senseless killings , so he put holes in the middle and re-dubbed them LifeSavers ?
I ’ve heard this one from quite a few sources , and , well , let ’s think about this , people .
Would that little hole prevent a kid from choking ?
It ’d have to be lodged just right .
Naw , the real story is a lot less dramatic .
In 1912 , Clarence Crane began production of a peppermint candy .
The machine worked best if the candies had holes in them , and he could n’t help but compare these these donut - shaped mints with the newfangled life preservers that were becoming fashionable after the recent Titanic disaster .
7. Van Halen , Supertasters
No matter how many blindfolded taste - tests I ace , I just ca n’t seem to convince people that I can taste brown M& M’s .
They just taste… brown .
When I first heard about Van Halen ’s backstage rider , I thought at last I ’d found some simpatico supertasters .
Their tour rider used to require that there be a bowl of M&M ’s , but that all of the brown ones be removed .
If they found a single offending brown M&M , they supposedly trashed the place and / or refused to play .
There are even newspaper articles detailing riotous tantrums resulting from improper candy screenings .
What ’s interesting about this urban legend is not whether it ’s true ( it is ) but why .
Turns out , it had nothing to do with flavor , or aesthetics , or even rock - star - ego demands .
No , it ’s actually just a test to make sure the promoters had read the contract .
In a nutshell , Van Halen had a lot of heavy equipment that required strong cables , a stage that could withstand so much weight , and so on .
They feared for the safetyof their fragile little bodies if the very specific contract went unread , so in the middle of a lot of technical instructions , the little devils threw in a clause forbidding brown M&M ’s backstage .
If they found the bowl they ’d requested to be unsorted , they ’d know the contract had n’t been scrutinized , and hence the following hissy fit .
It ’s all perfectly reasonable .
( By the way , for your convenience , I ’m just paraphrasing a beautifully reported story from Snopes.com .
For the full story with quotes , you should totally check out this wonderful site ) .
Oh , and in this litigious age in which we now live , Van Halen no longer finds it necessary to mess with the minds of concert promoters – they just straightforwardly ask for a dozen Reese ’s cups .
6 . The Indian Chief is Worth a Free Tootsie Pop
Who started this crazy rumor ?
Nobody knows , but it ’s definitely not true .
The real heartbreak of growing up comes when you realize that , contrary to what your best friend swore , finding the Indian Chief ( shooting a star with his bow and arrow ) is NOT going to get you a free sucker once you mail the wrapper to the Tootsie Roll company .
We had many commenters say they did manage to get a free Tootsie Pop though , when we wrote about this in 2006 , so even if it was n’t company - sanctioned , it looks like it did work sometimes .
According to numerous sources ( thanks again , Snopes ) , Tootsie Roll Industries has received thousands upon thousands of letters since the 1940′s .
They never do send any free candy , but , and this is almost better , they do send a pamphlet with a really weird story about the origins of the Indian Chief .
It ’s a trippy tale about how the inventor of Tootsie Pops originally wanted them to be star - shaped , but could n’t work out how to get the Tootsie Roll filling inside , but one day he hallucinated an Indian Chief who showed him the pops should be round by shooting an arrow at the moon .
5. Bubble Yum Contains Spider Eggs
The time : 1975 .
The place : America , a land whose chewing gum is hard , brittle , unyielding , and decidedly un -chewy .
Suddenly , Bubble
Yum hits the markets , delighting children with its unique flavor , color , and texture , all of which are unique departures from anything anyone has ever experienced ( not to mention wholly unlike anything occurring in nature ) .
Two years later , some haters have started various rumors about the gum containing various spider - parts , not just eggs , but legs , webs , whatever .
This story becomes so widespread , and somehow , accepted , that the LifeSavers company ( Bubble Yum ’s parent ) eventually has to fight the rumor with full - page ads in dozens of national newspapers .
Apparently , enough kids read the newspaper to become convinced , and Bubble Yum lives on .
4. Candy Canes Started as Christian Symbols
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m all for edible religious symbols :
Wine , challah , chocolate coins , cheese sandwiches , it is alllll good .
But sorry , boys and girls , the stripes on candy canes were NOT painted on to represent blood , and it ’s NOT shaped like “ J ” for you - know - who .
For what it ’s worth , the Christian interpretation is a lot more interesting that the real story , which is something like this : once upon a time , in the late 1600′s , there was a kindly candy - making monk , who bent his boiled - sugar candy sticks into a shape more amusing to children , and zzzzz - zzz - zzz z z z
3. Green M&Ms’ Randifying Properties
At this point in my countdown , I ’m getting a little frustrated with candy companies ’ senses of humor , or rather , their lack thereof .
I find it a little sad that the Tootsie Pops website has nothing to say about the Indian Chief , ditto for the spider eggs in Bubble Yum .
Both companies seem to take a great deal of pride in the nostalgic value of their product , both have detailed ( and BORING ) historical timelines that chronicle this family formulating that product and selling blah blah company to yadda yadda conglomerate , but make no mention of the folklore surrounding their respective candies .
Bubble
Yum was willing to spend , probably , tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars to convince American children that their gum is arachnid - free , but now the most important information they want me to know about is that Bubble Yum now comes in chocolate flavor .
So I thought , hey , the M&M ’s people know what ’s up .
They ’ve alluded to the whole green - aphrodisiac thing in their commercials .
The Green M&M has sexy boots , so that means they know about the rumor .
THEY will give me some of the straight - from - the source facts I crave .
And guess what I found ?
A timeline .
Big whoop .
So , OK , are you ready ?
Here goes : guess what .
Green M&M ’s are not really an aphrodisiac .
2. Pop Rocks Killed a Cereal Spokesboy
Waitwaitwaitwaitwait , guess I spoke too soon !
Guess which candy company has the courage to publicly acknowledge that they ’ve never made someone ’s head explode ?
Pop Rocks , I love you .
By the way , they were invented by a guy who was trying to carbonate Kool - Aid .
Who knew ?
1. Deadly Halloween
Prepare to question everything you think you know .
Although , if you Google for “ Candy Urban Legend ” , this is by far the most popular subject that comes up , I had never never heard that this story was anything but gospel .
After all , my mom , and the moms of all my friends , local news stations , school bulletins , free candy x-ray programs at the local hospitals , EVERYONE warned me as a child not to eat ANYTHING that was n’t factory - wrapped , lest I ingest rat poison , razor blades , LSD , arsenic , or crazy - lady fingernail clippings .
Even as a kid , the logistics of this seemed slightly screwed up .
I remember thinking , disappointed , as some freshly baked butterscotch cookies were being confiscated and destroyed , that nothing was to stop some psychopath from unwrapping a Dum - Dum , dipping it in poison , then carefully re-wrapping it .
I never forgot those butterscotch cookies , and now I feel really , really , super - sorry for whoever it was in my neighborhood who baked them , because it turns out that THERE HAS NEVER BEEN A DOCUMENTED CASE OF HALLOWEEN CANDY DEATH OR INJURY .
Some dad poisoned his kid ’s Pixy Stix for the insurance money , and another kid died after got into his uncle ’s heroin right after trick - or - treating , but that ’s about it .
This makes me question every cautionary tale I ’ve ever heard .
What ’s next – there is n’t a evil goblin who ’ll chew off my ears if I do n’t finish my broccoli ?
But seriously , I have to wonder if this does n’t have something to do with modern children ’s reluctance to eat anything that does n’t come in a package with a brand name and cartoon mascot , hmmmmm ?
Agree , disagree ?
Just want to give your opinion ?
Leave a comment !
Did you know that a couple of American attorneys , Wendell Belew and Asim Ghafoor , are the only people who can prove they have standing in a suit charging the government of illegally spying on American citizens without a FISA warrant ?
And how do they know ?
They were passed a " top secret " document during disclosure in a case when the government was considering putting their client on the US Treasury watch list for Islamic charities that the government believed are funding terrorists .
The document provided positive proof that they were being spied upon by the government because the document contained a record of private phone calls they had with their client .
" Part of our surveillance occurred when the Attorney General advised the president that the program was illegal , " says plaintiff attorney Jon Eisenberg .
" That deprives them of the defense they did n't know it was illegal . "
According to Congressional testimony taken earlier this year , on March 10th , 2004 , top Justice Department lawyers and White House officials held a tense showdown over the NSA spying program at the bedside of then - attorney general John Ashcroft in an intensive care unit .
Ashcroft 's resolve left the president 's program without the Justice Department 's stamp of approval for about two weeks , as the White House scrambled to tweak the program to meet Ashcroft 's demands .
Attorneys in the al - Haramain case say the plaintiffs were spied on in March and April of 2004 , during a period that encompassed that two week interregnum .
Belew knew things were weird when the FBI showed up at his house in 2004 and demanded he give back the document and forget that he ever saw it .
When he realized it was part of the NSA spying scandal , he and Ghafoor decided to sue .
Now his case is winding its way through the courts and the document at question is being held under guard by the court in San Francisco and will be used as evidence by U.S. District Court Chief Judge Vaughn Walker who is in charge of the case .
Portland Judge Garr King had refused to hand the document over to the FBI when they asked for it so the court still has it ( otherwise it would probably have disappeared like Karl Rove 's email ) .
Wired provided a comprehensive report last March on this bizarre case which could blow apart Bush 's illegal spying if only the courts do n't decide that the executive is all powerful and above the law .
( via )
Here 's a story that describes what a lawyer for Belew and Ghafoor is experiencing after taking on their case .
As a friend of Brandon Mayfield , the Portland attorney that had been falsely accused of being involved in the Madrid train bombings , Thomas Nelson knew he was stepping into a dangerous case .
This is yet another case that reads like a John Grisham novel .
From AlterNet :
The Oregonian reported that attorney Jonathan Norling " was sleeping on a couch at their practice early one morning last May , when a man dressed as a custodian tried to enter Nelson 's office .
Norling startled the man twice one night in July , when he caught the man trying to enter the locked office . "
The man in question had what appeared to be a valid badge for the building .
But Norling notes , " This person was n't a cleaning crew .
I know the cleaning crew .
I 've worked here seven years , and I 've worked a lot of nights , and I never experienced anything like that until Tom was working ( on this case ) . "
Though Nelson approached the security people at the building , they would n't talk to him .
" They were very blunt , " he told AlterNet in a phone interview .
He then took his concerns to the building manager .
" It was all very disconcerting and inconclusive , " says Nelson .
" There was no direct denial .
At the end , I said , ' You probably could n't tell me if something was going on anyway . '
He said , ' That 's probably right . ' "
Eventually , the strange happenings followed him to his home .
As this AlterNet piece says , the case is exceedingly strange :
The fact that most frustrates Nelson is that no one ever tried to contact him or al - Buthi personally ; rather , they resorted to what Nelson thinks must be illegal searches .
" In retrospect , " Nelson says , " I think they were trying to get the [ leaked FBI ] document back .
If the searches were pursuant to FISA , it would be interesting to find out what they told the judge to get a warrant -- ' We 've been conducting this illegal wiretapping program , we 've embarrassed ourselves , there 's this document out there that Nelson has , will you give us a warrant to get it back ? ' "
This is the circular logic that lies at the root of the debacle :
In order to hide evidence of an illegal search program , the government is taking part in illegal searches .
This really is the last case left that threatens Bush 's illegal wiretapping because none of the objections from earlier appeals decided in Bush 's favor touch it .
Here is clear and positive proof that the administration broke the law .
Will the courts allow them to get away with it ?
We 'll know soon .
August 15th , the 9th Circuit Court will hear the appeal of whether Judge Garr 's decision to allow this case to proceed was decided correctly .
The Bush administration truly do not believe they must follow the law .
Just think what would happen next if they get away with this crime .
( x- posted at Pacific Views )
_______
Person eats cheek cell Cheek cell was grown from cow meat protein Cow was slaughtered for hamburgers
Cow was grown from grass
Cow ate grass grown in sunlight
Oh yes your cheek cell calories are Sun rays
Person eats tasty alfalfa Edible plant was grown exclusively under indoor lighting Power for lights came from burning coal Coal came from pressurized strata of organic matter ( Which , naturally grew in sunlight , or ate something that did )
Person eats cucumber
This edible vegetable was grown under indoor lighting only Energy for lights came from uranium splitting
The U came from a solar process far older than our sun
Up until recent years , the entire human race was fuel led by energy from our Sun .
Any bodily heat or ability to walk down the street was actually just an expend iture of some of the Sun 's radiate
If you live in North chance s are that you have had at least some of your life fed by this ancient source of energy , store d up for more year s than you can imagine release d for you by modern technology
July 23 , 2007  --
On paper , Randy Waldron Jr. was $ 2.5 million in debt and a convicted felon .
He owed hundreds of thousands of dollars to credit card companies , owed back taxes to the state of Florida , and had liens and civil actions against him .
In reality , Waldron was a 17 - year - old high school junior living in New Hampshire , who in 1998 could n't get a student loan for college or a credit card because his Social Security number had been stolen when he was just 1 year old .
Making matters worse , the man who stole Waldron 's identity was his father .
" My father was charismatic , attractive and successful .
He always had money and was never broke , " Waldron told ABC NEWS.com .
" He maintained that image until 1998 when I was getting ready to graduate from high school .
I wanted to be an airline pilot and applied to every college with a program , but was rejected by all of them .
I could n't understand , because my grades in school had always been good , " he says .
" At about the same time , I received rejection letters from credit card companies and financial aid institutions . …
I wrote to get my free credit report and when it came back it was 50 pages long , " he says .
" I was 17 years old and had liens against me .
I owed Master Card and Visa hundreds of thousands of dollars and back taxes in Florida . "
Soon after Randy was born in 1981 , his father , Randy Waldron Sr. , left his mother and moved to Florida .
By 1982 Waldron Sr. was fraudulently using his son's spotless identity as his own
Waldron was one of thousands of children whose identities are stolen every year .
With the proliferation of the Internet , identity theft has become easier , experts told ABC NEWS.com .
Children are particularly vulnerable to having their identities stolen by family members .
Of the 246,035 cases of identity theft reported to the Federal Trade Commission last year , about 5 percent , or 12,301 , involved children .
Children are often the victims of identity thieves because their credit and backgrounds are clean , Social Security numbers are not linked to their owners ' names or ages , and victims typically wo n't realize there is problem for many years , said Linda Foley , founder of the Identity Theft Resource Center .
Children 's Social Security numbers , when not stolen by family members , are often acquired by people who work in schools , hospitals or doctors ' offices where there is easy access to personal information , she says .
Lists of Social Security numbers can also be easily purchased through the Internet .
Foley says there were more than 204 security breeches last year , with more than 88 million records compromised .
A small number of those records , she says , will get into the hands of identity thieves .
Families whose children have been victimized find out in a variety of ways , she says .
" They may start getting phone calls from a collection agency , or when a child applies for a driver 's license they 'll find out there are warrants for DUIs .
In a family where the parents are divorced , one parent is sometimes tipped off when they see the child 's name appear on the caller ID . "
Foley says her organization is working with members of Congress on a bill that would let credit institutions know which Social Security numbers belong to minors .
" Credit issuers are blind .
They do n't know if a Social Security number belongs to a 10 - year - old or a 40 - year - old .
They are given out in order off a list , so consecutive numbers could go to a 4 - year - old , or to a newly naturalized 40 - year - old immigrant , " she says .
She says when children learn they have been victimized by family members , it can be extremely damaging emotionally .
" These kids feel anger and betrayal , but they also very often feel ashamed .
They often do n't know who to turn to to tell , and they do n't want to turn their parents in . "
Clearing one 's name and getting a new Social Security number is a difficult , protracted process and can create new problems for a victim .
Waldron says he spent nine years trying to get a new Social Security number .
Working as a flight attendant after the Sept. 11 attacks , he says a background check found his father 's felony convictions on his record and nearly cost him his job .
Police in two states and the Social Security Administration for years told him there was nothing they could do .
It was not until 2004 that the law and understanding of the problem caught up with the reality of his situation and he was issued a new identity .
From there , he says , a new host of problems arose .
Within a few months the military came after him , threatening to arrest him for not having registered with the Selective Service System .
With no driving record , he found it difficult to get insurance .
In addition to protecting your child 's Social Security number , parents should regularly check their children 's credit report .
Everyone is entitled to a free credit report annually from each of the three major companies that create the reports , according to the Federal Trade Commission .
" Consumers are entitled to receive a free copy of their credit report once a year from each of the three reporting agencies .
Consumers who are concerned about their children can ask about their credit reports to find out about accounts in their name . …
If parents begin receiving offers of credit for their children that is a sign that the child may be at risk , and they should request a report , " the official says .
I decided I wanted to make something a little more elegant for Halloween this year ( and for future parties / Burning Man ) .
It ’s a little hard to capture on video , but it ’s really quite mesmerizing :
This is a tuxedo jacket that I bought at a thrift shop on Valencia St. ( $ 17 for a Dior jacket that fit perfectly ! )
I ran WS2811 strips along the seams so as to take advantage of the natural lines of the jacket .
They are wired together on the inside .
The first strip terminates right at the bottom of the jacket and has three wires running up the inside to the front pocket .
In the pocket is the battery pack ( 4 Lithium AAs ) and an Arduino Pro Micro .
The Arduino controls the lights with the Adafruit Neopixel library .
I put a toggle switch between the batteries and the Arduino so I could plug it into a USB port for programming while still running the light strips off the batteries .
This is the first program I wrote for it , and I ’m pretty happy .
I ’m really excited that I can easily program dozens of patterns and also add sensors to it ( motion , sound , light / color , etc. )
Expect to see more videos of the jacket in the future .
Author Thread
wow .. love this , ESPECIALLY the little thumb !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Just browseing images and picking some Favorites , Great image .
Photographer found comment helpful .
just wanted to let you know that i was in australia about a month ago and saw this being used ( still ! ) on a billboard along the gold coast highway .
hope you got that sorted out with them !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is such an amazing child portrait - I really adore it :-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Keep the thumb !
Its so needed - it looks just like she is engaged in a mind - occupying paint - in , and happened to look up and you snapped her .
Without it , it could be an accident in a paint factory ?
She has such a sweet mouth to go with the pretty blonde hair and the blue / green eyes - almost peacock colours - should be a model , for sure !!!
I bet you , any photo agency would sign her up immediately - she will probably be a stunning teenager / early 20's young woman
Congratulations all round
Photographer found comment helpful .
She is captured just beautifully !
Look at those eyes
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great work !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
I think this is a beautiful shot , I think that the eyes are just a TAD bit overdone because they are on the verge of looking unatural , but this is absolutely a priceless photo .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Just wanted to say that this photo is among my favorite on DP Challenge .
The colors , clarity and compostion ( the 3 Cs ) are nothing short of superb .
But as we all know , the whole is greater than the some of its parts and this photo tells a wonderful story .
Photographer found comment helpful .
amazing shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Hi , any chance of a print ?
Just superb !
Photographer found comment helpful .
anuffer fav .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Absolutely love this image .
I am a big fan of your work and this is just simply top notch !
Photographer found comment helpful .
WoW !
Her eyes are amazing !
And the paint on her face seem to make them pop more against her pale flawless skin .
Well done !
Photographer found comment helpful .
i love this , especially the eyes
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is really beautiful , the lighting is darn near perfect .
The clarity and softness of her skin make this shot .
Congratulations :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
great candid , the eyes are great !
congrats on the red
Photographer found comment helpful .
This phjoto is just awesome !
Color of the eye , all the other colors and that sweet look of the child .
Perfect .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I love this photo : colours , use of light , composition , but above all : the expression you catched .
Congratulations
Photographer found comment helpful .
I really like the photo a lot .
great colors .
I do think that the face might be a tad over processed .
Thats just a matter of opinion though ... hmmm ... then again .. what isnt , right ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wounderful use of colors , love th eyes , beautiful shot , congratulations and good luck on future shots .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Love the eyes ..
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very Colorful , congrats with a ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Fun image !
Congrats on 2nd
Photographer found comment helpful .
Absolutely wonderful .
Agree with the distracting bit on the right .
Other than that - GREAT processing .
Just wondering what she was painting .
My daughter would 've been busy finger painting my car ( she actualy did it once - using house paint from my garage ) .
This one definately deserve to win .
I love the eyes .
She is a beautiful little girl .
Have a look at my little girl on my profile .
Gonna pm you .
Photographer found comment helpful .
You sure nailed this .
The paint on the face and the shirt are all perfect elements here , as well as her beautiful eyes and innocent expression .
So crisp too !
I think I might have to save up for that lens .
I 'd love to have IS on all my lenses , even shorter focal lengths .
Once again , beautiful shot , and congratulations .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Why ISO 800 and how did you get rid of the grain ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
How much for a 5x7 ?
I want it to remind me and my wife what a good candid could be .
Seriously , how much ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
Picasso said ,
All children are artist ..
The problem is how to remain an artist once they grow up ..
This little girl is a natural for this type of foto ...
She is beautiful ..
Did not get to vote this round ..
If I had you would have had a 10 ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
Absolutely beautiful .
Congrats ... :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
those eyes are insane !!!
love it .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wonderful your shot , wonderful your children .
Congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Perfection and she 's so darn cute .
Congrats !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a wonderful image and story , my favorite , congrats .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Fantastic ...
We could have really used this picture for our Emerging Artist Workshop poster .
Wish we had it ... we would have raised a ton of money for the kid's art scholarships .
Photographer found comment helpful .
No way this shot is overprocessed ... just right in my opinion .
And I agree with your choice to leave the thumb in .
Gives it more depth , and helps to tell the story .
Nice capture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I love this image .
Delightful child .
I did n't think the thumb distracted , and agree with your reason for leaving it in .
It helps tell the story .
Photographer found comment helpful .
this is just priceless !
congrats .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great photo and congrats !
I love her look , she is so pretty !!
I do like what you did with the eyes , makes it much more dramatic !
And I love the softness of her skin .
Well done !
Photographer found comment helpful .
is made of plastic ?
Cuz thats what it looks like .
Maybe too much photoshop for me taste , thought she looks so cute and i love the eyes .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wonderful portrait !
Congratulations on your Ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Awesome picture !
Congratulations on your ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Just fricken '
Awesome !
Great Work !
Photographer found comment helpful .
im so glad this landed at the top i was hoping it would !!!!!
congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
had this one picked to ribbon - nice work - very cute - congrats !
Photographer found comment helpful .
What I want to know is how you can overdo the eyes and still take a ribbon .... Must all be in how its done .
I love this portrait .
Alive and full of personality .
Congrats on the ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Laine was certainly a beautiful little subject for this challenge .
Good stuff Doc and congrats on the ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful !
Congratulations , way to come back !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Adorable picture , just added it to my favorites
Photographer found comment helpful .
Your children are simply beautiful .
I love this !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I thought this was absolutely adorable ... congrats on the ribbon -- it 's well earned !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Jason : Congratulations on your Red with this lovely radiant cherub .
Very well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on your win Doc , beautiful photo .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ohh Doc , she 's stunning !!
Congrats !!
I guess Lent did ya good !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
It 's so good when it comes out so great without intrusion by us .
It is obvious that this was just a natural look after her nose got itchy while she was finger painting .
This is precious , congratulations on your second place finish .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great Job , Doc , I thought I had you :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on your second place .
Whenever I look at this image I get so hypnotised by her eyes , they are awesome !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Welcome Back !
Congratulations on your ribbon !!
This is adorable !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great pic Jason , beautiful eyes , congrats on the ribbon , well deserved .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats dude , you overtook me in the final sprint ! :)
Way to go starting out as our new star member of the magnificent 7 !
Weeee :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very good Doc and nice finish .
You 'll have to make a huge print for your office .
Photographer found comment helpful .
this is MAGNIFICENT !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats Doc !
Very cute portrait
Photographer found comment helpful .
WTG Doc !
Wonderful to see this little cutie ribbon in the midst of all the killer - babe shots :-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
See what happens when you leave and come back ??
Maybe I should try it .
ROFL
Congrats !
She 's a cutie pie for sure .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful photo Doc ,
Your subject 's eyes are just so vivid .
Congrats on your ribbon and more so .... Congrats for kicking Rikki 's butt !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great picture .
Amazing colours and so natural model .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is awesome , Jason !
Congratulations !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ca n't you guys be good at just one type of photography .
Damn .
Congrats .
Photographer found comment helpful .
There she is .... congrats on comeback entry and the ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
well done there , a kiddy pic in the ribbons , wow , things are lookin up .
congrats on the red !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats Doc !
I thought I recognized this little girl ...
She 's adorable - terrific capture .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well deserved ribbon ... well done DR !
Photographer found comment helpful .
way too cute !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
I broke one of my long standing rules and gave a good score to a kiddie pic ...
You gotta love this one .
You did at least buy Laine an ice cream cone I hope ...
TC
Message edited by author 2006-04 - 24 00:38:41 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on your ribbon .
Precious image .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Simply amazing !
Congratulations on your red !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on the ribbon !
One of the few I gave a 10 during voting .
Good work !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on your ribbon .
Wonderful shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very nice as always !
Congrats on your ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
congrats on second !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Red baby !
Ribbon on the first post back !
You rock dude !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Comments Made During the Challenge
Incredible , and a most precious image .
Well done .
Ribbon for sure .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is perfect , the colors are very nice and so is the lighting and composition .
Photographer found comment helpful .
very cute , the eye color looks kinda fake thought like it was green or blue and one or the other was added as a cover or flare .
still great shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Some kind of OOF object on lower right prevents me from giving you my highest score possible ... I guess you 'll have to settle for a 9 .
Good Job .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great shot , lovely colors and not center , I think you could have cropped the blurry corner out .
Photographer found comment helpful .
really cute , colours are great
Photographer found comment helpful .
Nice job , could be a winner but a tough field .
Good luck
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful look and colors .
Hopefully her eyes are n't really that color but the oversaturation works well .
Whatever that blurry thing in the corner is is a slight distraction - but I liek the shot alot .
Bumping up .
Photographer found comment helpful .
she is such a beauty !
those eyes are unforgettable !
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
cute !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well done , great model , good luck
Photographer found comment helpful .
The colours in this photo look superb and the focus looks sharp !
Well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very nicely done !
Spot on focus , excellent catchlights , perfect little model !
Only minor sniglet for me is the foreground object bottom right corner ...
TC
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is so incredible .
Wow. 10 !
Photographer found comment helpful .
a little digital looking .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very cute child , her eyes are fabulous .
Very well lit , but i would like to see either a more white background here , or something more vibrant .
The background used seems " blah " .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful picture telling a wonderful story .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Good color pop on this one .
Love what you did to her eyes .
Photographer found comment helpful .
may be there is too much of neat image there , but the result is soo cute .
and the colors are great idea .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Oh my !
This is the cutest shot ever and those eyes are so beautiful
Photographer found comment helpful .
LOL , Great capture .
The bright colours are good .
I found whatever was caught in the right bottom corner a little distracting .
Photographer found comment helpful .
she has beautiful eyes
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ahh , Nice image ...
No , Nice Image ?
lol I love the color of the eyes .
Nice image indeed .
Photographer found comment helpful .
cute !
the child 's eyes are amazing !! wow .
Photographer found comment helpful .
fantastic
Photographer found comment helpful .
So full of sweetness in such a nice way ... beautiful color and light .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I *REALLY * like this - the colors , the focus , composition .
Others have probably said but I wiil - I think the fuzzy in the lower right should be cropped out , it 's mildly distracting .
Overall : very well done !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Adorable expression , sharpness and colors outstanding , ribbon quality .
Straight into my favorites .
10 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
the paint on her face becomes a visual commentary on the overprocessing you did .
Very clever .
8 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Oh my goodness , this photo is fantastic !
Photographer found comment helpful .
oh wow , those eyes !
I really like the happy colours in this photo , and the child is really photogenic .
great lighting too .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Love the lighting and colors of this portrait !
Great expression .
Well done !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is awesome !
10 Love the eyes !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Now that 's a cutie !
Love the vibrant colors .
Good post processing - definitely noticable , but not overdone . < 7 >
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow , this is a terrific photograph .
I love the intensive colors and soft background .
I wish her hand was more visible though ( or not visible at all
Photographer found comment helpful .
Seems over processed .
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a cutie !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great use of color with those blue eyes .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I did get you already :)
Super sharpness , not overdone at all , but almost borderline , which just shows me you know your limit in post processing .
Exactly like I do , go a tad to far and then ease off a little , nice work !
Skin tones are good , eye work is amazing , at least you are not one of those who make the eye whites tooooo white , I like how you did this I suppose I could get really picky and get at you for the blur in the lower right hand corner , but it is hardly noticeable :) 10 for the photo but minus one for the blur . ( 9 ) .
Photographer found comment helpful .
VERY CUTE and very nice colors too .
im seeing this landing somewhere at the top .
good luck
Photographer found comment helpful .
Cute and colorful .
Nice composition , I like the crop .
Great .
Only thing bad is I think the skin looks a little " patchy " due to noise - reduction , maybe just half the noise reduction intensity would be better .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Haha , like this heaps , her expression is just so genuine .
I don´t really care for the super smooth skin though , seems overprocessed but nothing that would bring my score down though , too much NI ?
Also the blur in the lower left corner , the one that is over her finger is bothering me a bit , drags my attention from her face .
Gave this an 8 :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
nice
Photographer found comment helpful .
My suggestion here is merely to crop the distracting blur out from the lower right corner .
Otherwise , this is beautiful . :-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow !
Those are some serious blue eyes !
Photographer found comment helpful .
The colored paint adds quite a humorous touch to her innocent face
Photographer found comment helpful .
Fine image , good capture , because of the blur you might consider criopping off the whole finger on the far right side from the composition .
Photographer found comment helpful .
One of best
Photographer found comment helpful .
Got to be a ribbon for this sho
10 from me
focus , pose and exposure are spot on .
The eyes are so alive and not overworked like a lot in this challenge .
Brilliant !
Good luck
Kev
Photographer found comment helpful .
fantastic shot , love the paint looks like you had fun with this one !
hope you ribbon the eyes are just stunning !
9
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very whimsical , there is something in the bottom right corner that needs to be cropped out .
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a cutie !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
great picture !
The saturation and the sharpness on the eyes really compliment her expression and the story .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Her eyes are just stunning .
Great lighting too .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great eyes , color , focus , lighting .
Basically a perfectly executed portrait .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very sweet and colourful . :)
I would have liked to see a crop closer to her on the right to remove that blurry element .
Beautiful nonetheless .
Photographer found comment helpful .
those are some blue eyes !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Too cute .
Well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful photo , love the colours .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful colors , especially the eyes .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great colors ... very sharp ... a little different crop to get rid of the out of focus area in the lower right would be better ( tighter crop on face ) ... top 5 shot in challenge for my voting ...9
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a stunning shot !
Those eyes are amazing !
Sharp as a tack , great lighting and skin tones ...
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
loose the NI on this image
Photographer found comment helpful .
Darling girl .
I wish she were n't wearing the plaid top - it 's a tad distracting .
Great overlay with the eye color .
She 's a cutie .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Love those blue eyes .
And the rest of the colors - simply amazing .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Cute ..... I like this .....
Photographer found comment helpful .
Love the eyes !AND the photo !
( I give it a virtual 10 ! )
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow , those are incredible eyes .
The blur in the bottom right corner is a little distratting , otherwise this is a great portrait .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is a beautiful , cute picture , but I think you took the noise reduction a little too far .
Bryan Byrd Bellang and Benjamin Ngeteg tied for the last of eight council seats in Bontoc , a town some 280 km ( 175 miles ) north of Manila .
They agreed to the coin toss , set down in local election rules .
Mr Bellang called heads and won the seat .
Crowds in the town hall clapped as the two men shook hands after the result .
" I asked them if they wanted to break the tie by tossing a coin or drawing lots , and somebody in the crowd wondered if I was cracking a joke , " election supervisor Mary Umaming told the Associated Press news agency .
" I said those options were in the rules , and they agreed to flip a coin . "
Provincial elections supervisor Dennis Dimalnat said that the two candidates had set a refreshing example .
" I hope others would see the beauty of this kind of peaceful resolution , " he told AP .
Nationwide , Monday 's local polls were marred by violence .
In total , about 87,000 candidates were contesting nearly 18,000 positions .
Police said that dozens of people died over the three - month election period and at least three people were killed on polling day itself .
Observers in some areas spoke of voter intimidation and electoral fraud .
An object called the 10th planet by some astronomers is not as big as previously thought .
The round world , officially catalogued as 2003 UB313 , is about 1,490 miles wide with an uncertainty of 60 miles , according to new observations by the Hubble Space Telescope .
Pluto is roughly 1,430 miles ( 2,300 kilometers ) wide .
A study in February put the diameter of 2003 UB313 at roughly 1,860 miles ( 3,000 kilometers ) .
Nicknamed " Xena , " 2003 UB313 was discovered last year .
By many accounts it could be considered a planet .
It is round and orbits the Sun .
But because several other objects meet those criteria and also approach Pluto 's size , astronomers have been wrangling for months over how to define the word " planet . "
It is not known if or when the International Astronomical Union , which rules on such things , will issue a decision .
Members of an advisory board weighing the issue can't even agree on the parameters of a definition .
Since 2003 UB313 is 10 billion miles away and not even as wide as the United States , it showed up as just 1.5 pixels in Hubble 's view .
But that 's enough to precisely make a size measurement , astronomers said .
The new size estimate suggests the object is brighter than had been thought .
An object 's brightness hints at its surface composition .
In this case , a layer of methane frost might cover the world , astronomers speculated today .
BLOG : Demote Pluto and Kill Xena
A NINE - YEAR - OLD boy called Mitja is smiling innocently at the passenger next to him … unaware that he is a sexual predator who will rape him and take his life within hours of this photograph being taken .
Mitja 's body was found dumped in an allotment garden in the German city of Leipzig .
He had been raped and strangled .
Police in Germany have called in the help of Interpol in neighbouring countries to search for his killer , 42 - year - old Uwe Kolbig , a convicted sex offender whose picture caught on the security camera of the tram perfectly matches that of his police mug shots .
Man-Computer Symbiosis J. C. R. Licklider
IRE Transactions on Human Factors in Electronics ,
volume HFE - 1 , pages 4 - 11 , March 1960
Summary
Man-computer symbiosis is an expected development in cooperative interaction between men and electronic computers .
It will involve very close coupling between the human and the electronic members of the partnership .
The main aims are 1 ) to let computers facilitate formulative thinking as they now facilitate the solution of formulated problems , and 2 ) to enable men and computers to cooperate in making decisions and controlling complex situations without inflexible dependence on predetermined programs .
In the anticipated symbiotic partnership , men will set the goals , formulate the hypotheses , determine the criteria , and perform the evaluations .
Computing machines will do the routinizable work that must be done to prepare the way for insights and decisions in technical and scientific thinking .
Preliminary analyses indicate that the symbiotic partnership will perform intellectual operations much more effectively than man alone can perform them .
Prerequisites for the achievement of the effective , cooperative association include developments in computer time sharing , in memory components , in memory organization , in programming languages , and in input and output equipment .
1 Introduction
1.1 Symbiosis
The fig tree is pollinated only by the insect Blastophaga grossorun .
The larva of the insect lives in the ovary of the fig tree , and there it gets its food .
The tree and the insect are thus heavily interdependent : the tree cannot reproduce wit bout the insect ; the insect cannot eat wit bout the tree ; together , they constitute not only a viable but a productive and thriving partnership .
This cooperative " living together in intimate association , or even close union , of two dissimilar organisms " is called symbiosis [ 27 ] .
" Man -computer symbiosis is a subclass of man-machine systems .
There are many man-machine systems .
At present , however , there are no man-computer symbioses .
The purposes of this paper are to present the concept and , hopefully , to foster the development of man-computer symbiosis by analyzing some problems of interaction between men and computing machines , calling attention to applicable principles of man-machine engineering , and pointing out a few questions to which research answers are needed .
The hope is that , in not too many years , human brains and computing machines will be coupled together very tightly , and that the resulting partnership will think as no human brain has ever thought and process data in a way not approached by the information - handling machines we know today .
1.2 Between " Mechanically Extended Man " and " Artificial Intelligence "
As a concept , man -computer symbiosis is different in an important way from what North [ 21 ] has called " mechanically extended man . "
In the man -machine systems of the past , the human operator supplied the initiative , the direction , the integration , and the criterion .
The mechanical parts of the systems were mere extensions , first of the human arm , then of the human eye .
These systems certainly did not consist of " dissimilar organisms living together ... "
There was only one kind of organism - man - and the rest was there only to help him .
In one sense of course , any man -made system is intended to help man , to help a man or men outside the system .
If we focus upon the human operator within the system , however , we see that , in some areas of technology , a fantastic change has taken place during the last few years .
" Mechanical extension " has given way to replacement of men , to automation , and the men who remain are there more to help than to be helped .
In some instances , particularly in large computer - centered information and control systems , the human operators are responsible mainly for functions that it proved infeasible to automate .
Such systems ( " humanly extended machines , " North might call them ) are not symbiotic systems .
They are " semi-automatic " systems , systems that started out to be fully automatic but fell short of the goal .
Man -computer symbiosis is probably not the ultimate paradigm for complex technological systems .
It seems entirely possible that , in due course , electronic or chemical " machines " will outdo the human brain in most of the functions we now consider exclusively within its province .
Even now , Gelernter 's IBM - 704 program for proving theorems in plane geometry proceeds at about the same pace as Brooklyn high school students , and makes similar errors . [ 12 ]
There are , in fact , several theorem - proving , problem - solving , chess- playing , and pattern - recognizing programs ( too many for complete reference [ 1 , 2 , 5 , 8 , 11 , 13 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 22 , 23 , 25 ] ) capable of rivaling human intellectual performance in restricted areas ; and Newell , Simon , and Shaw's [ 20 ] " general problem solver " may remove some of the restrictions .
In short , it seems worthwhile to avoid argument with ( other ) enthusiasts for artificial intelligence by conceding dominance in the distant future of cerebration to machines alone .
There will nevertheless be a fairly long interim during which the main intellectual advances will be made by men and computers working together in intimate association .
A multidisciplinary study group , examining future research and development problems of the Air Force , estimated that it would be 1980 before developments in artificial intelligence make it possible for machines alone to do much thinking or problem solving of military significance .
That would leave , say , five years to develop man-computer symbiosis and 15 years to use it .
The 15 may be 10 or 500 , but those years should be intellectually the most creative and exciting in the history of mankind .
2 Aims of Man-Computer Symbiosis
Present - day computers are designed primarily to solve preformulated problems or to process data according to predetermined procedures .
The course of the computation may be conditional upon results obtained during the computation , but all the alternatives must be foreseen in advance .
( If an unforeseen alternative arises , the whole process comes to a halt and awaits the necessary extension of the program . )
The requirement for preformulation or predetermination is sometimes no great disadvantage .
It is often said that programming for a computing machine forces one to think clearly , that it disciplines the thought process .
If the user can think his problem through in advance , symbiotic association with a computing machine is not necessary .
However , many problems that can be thought through in advance are very difficult to think through in advance .
They would be easier to solve , and they could be solved faster , through an intuitively guided trial - and - error procedure in which the computer cooperated , turning up flaws in the reasoning or revealing unexpected turns in the solution .
Other problems simply cannot be formulated without computing - machine aid .
Poincare anticipated the frustration of an important group of would - be computer users when he said , " The question is not , ' What is the answer ? '
The question is , ' What is the question ? ' "
One of the main aims of man-computer symbiosis is to bring the computing machine effectively into the formulative parts of technical problems .
The other main aim is closely related .
It is to bring computing machines effectively into processes of thinking that must go on in " real time , " time that moves too fast to permit using computers in conventional ways .
Imagine trying , for example , to direct a battle with the aid of a computer on such a schedule as this .
You formulate your problem today .
Tomorrow you spend with a programmer .
Next week the computer devotes 5 minutes to assembling your program and 47 seconds to calculating the answer to your problem .
You get a sheet of paper 20 feet long , full of numbers that , instead of providing a final solution , only suggest a tactic that should be explored by simulation .
Obviously , the battle would be over before the second step in its planning was begun .
To think in interaction with a computer in the same way that you think with a colleague whose competence supplements your own will require much tighter coupling between man and machine than is suggested by the example and than is possible today .
3 Need for Computer Participation in Formulative and Real - Time Thinking
The preceding paragraphs tacitly made the assumption that , if they could be introduced effectively into the thought process , the functions that can be performed by data - processing machines would improve or facilitate thinking and problem solving in an important way .
That assumption may require justification .
3.1 A Preliminary and Informal Time - and - Motion Analysis of Technical Thinking
Despite the fact that there is a voluminous literature on thinking and problem solving , including intensive case - history studies of the process of invention , I could find nothing comparable to a time - and - motion - study analysis of the mental work of a person engaged in a scientific or technical enterprise .
In the spring and summer of 1957 , therefore , I tried to keep track of what one moderately technical person actually did during the hours he regarded as devoted to work .
Although I was aware of the inadequacy of the sampling , I served as my own subject .
It soon became apparent that the main thing I did was to keep records , and the project would have become an infinite regress if the keeping of records had been carried through in the detail envisaged in the initial plan .
It was not .
Nevertheless , I obtained a picture of my activities that gave me pause .
Perhaps my spectrum is not typical -- I hope it is not , but I fear it is .
About 85 per cent of my " thinking " time was spent getting into a position to think , to make a decision , to learn something I needed to know .
Much more time went into finding or obtaining information than into digesting it .
Hours went into the plotting of graphs , and other hours into instructing an assistant how to plot .
When the graphs were finished , the relations were obvious at once , but the plotting had to be done in order to make them so .
At one point , it was necessary to compare six experimental determinations of a function relating speech - intelligibility to speech - to - noise ratio .
No two experimenters had used the same definition or measure of speech - to - noise ratio .
Several hours of calculating were required to get the data into comparable form .
When they were in comparable form , it took only a few seconds to determine what I needed to know .
Throughout the period I examined , in short , my " thinking " time was devoted mainly to activities that were essentially clerical or mechanical : searching , calculating , plotting , transforming , determining the logical or dynamic consequences of a set of assumptions or hypotheses , preparing the way for a decision or an insight .
Moreover , my choices of what to attempt and what not to attempt were determined to an embarrassingly great extent by considerations of clerical feasibility , not intellectual capability .
The main suggestion conveyed by the findings just described is that the operations that fill most of the time allegedly devoted to technical thinking are operations that can be performed more effectively by machines than by men .
Severe problems are posed by the fact that these operations have to be performed upon diverse variables and in unforeseen and continually changing sequences .
If those problems can be solved in such a way as to create a symbiotic relation between a man and a fast information - retrieval and data - processing machine , however , it seems evident that the cooperative interaction would greatly improve the thinking process .
It may be appropriate to acknowledge , at this point , that we are using the term " computer " to cover a wide class of calculating , data - processing , and information - storage - and - retrieval machines .
The capabilities of machines in this class are increasing almost daily .
It is therefore hazardous to make general statements about capabilities of the class .
Perhaps it is equally hazardous to make general statements about the capabilities of men .
Nevertheless , certain genotypic differences in capability between men and computers do stand out , and they have a bearing on the nature of possible man-computer symbiosis and the potential value of achieving it .
As has been said in various ways , men are noisy , narrow - band devices , but their nervous systems have very many parallel and simultaneously active channels .
Relative to men , computing machines are very fast and very accurate , but they are constrained to perform only one or a few elementary operations at a time .
Men are flexible , capable of " programming themselves contingently " on the basis of newly received information .
Computing machines are single - minded , constrained by their " pre-programming . "
Men naturally speak redundant languages organized around unitary objects and coherent actions and employing 20 to 60 elementary symbols .
Computers " naturally " speak nonredundant languages , usually with only two elementary symbols and no inherent appreciation either of unitary objects or of coherent actions .
To be rigorously correct , those characterizations would have to include many qualifiers .
Nevertheless , the picture of dissimilarity ( and therefore p0tential supplementation ) that they present is essentially valid .
Computing machines can do readily , well , and rapidly many things that are difficult or impossible for man , and men can do readily and well , though not rapidly , many things that are difficult or impossible for computers .
That suggests that a symbiotic cooperation , if successful in integrating the positive characteristics of men and computers , would be of great value .
The differences in speed and in language , of course , pose difficulties that must be overcome .
4 Separable Functions of Men and Computers in the Anticipated Symbiotic Association
It seems likely that the contributions of human operators and equipment will blend together so completely in many operations that it will be difficult to separate them neatly in analysis .
That would be the case it ; in gathering data on which to base a decision , for example , both the man and the computer came up with relevant precedents from experience and if the computer then suggested a course of action that agreed with the man 's intuitive judgment .
( In theorem - proving programs , computers find precedents in experience , and in the SAGE System , they suggest courses of action .
The foregoing is not a far - fetched example . )
In other operations , however , the contributions of men and equipment will be to some extent separable .
Men will set the goals and supply the motivations , of course , at least in the early years .
They will formulate hypotheses .
They will ask questions .
They will think of mechanisms , procedures , and models .
They will remember that such - and - such a person did some possibly relevant work on a topic of interest back in 1947 , or at any rate shortly after World War II , and they will have an idea in what journals it might have been published .
In general , they will make approximate and fallible , but leading , contributions , and they will define criteria and serve as evaluators , judging the contributions of the equipment and guiding the general line of thought .
In addition , men will handle the very - low - probability situations when such situations do actually arise .
( In current man -machine systems , that is one of the human operator 's most important functions .
The sum of the probabilities of very - low - probability alternatives is often much too large to neglect . )
Men will fill in the gaps , either in the problem solution or in the computer program , when the computer has no mode or routine that is applicable in a particular circumstance .
The information - processing equipment , for its part , will convert hypotheses into testable models and then test the models against data ( which the human operator may designate roughly and identify as relevant when the computer presents them for his approval ) .
The equipment will answer questions .
It will simulate the mechanisms and models , carry out the procedures , and display the results to the operator .
It will transform data , plot graphs ( " cutting the cake " in whatever way the human operator specifies , or in several alternative ways if the human operator is not sure what he wants ) .
The equipment will interpolate , extrapolate , and transform .
It will convert static equations or logical statements into dynamic models so the human operator can examine their behavior .
In general , it will carry out the routinizable , clerical operations that fill the intervals between decisions .
In addition , the computer will serve as a statistical - inference , decision - theory , or game - theory machine to make elementary evaluations of suggested courses of action whenever there is enough basis to support a formal statistical analysis .
Finally , it will do as much diagnosis , pattern - matching , and relevance - recognizing as it profitably can , but it will accept a clearly secondary status in those areas .
5 Prerequisites for Realization of Man-Computer Symbiosis
The data - processing equipment tacitly postulated in the preceding section is not available .
The computer programs have not been written .
There are in fact several hurdles that stand between the nonsymbiotic present and the anticipated symbiotic future .
Let us examine some of them to see more clearly what is needed and what the chances are of achieving it .
5.1 Speed Mismatch Between Men and Computers
Any present - day large - scale computer is too fast and too costly for real - time cooperative thinking with one man .
Clearly , for the sake of efficiency and economy , the computer must divide its time among many users .
Timesharing systems are currently under active development .
There are even arrangements to keep users from " clobbering " anything but their own personal programs .
It seems reasonable to envision , for a time 10 or 15 years hence , a " thinking center " that will incorporate the functions of present - day libraries together with anticipated advances in information storage and retrieval and the symbiotic functions suggested earlier in this paper .
The picture readily enlarges itself into a network of such centers , connected to one another by wide - band communication lines and to individual users by leased - wire services .
In such a system , the speed of the computers would be balanced , and the cost of the gigantic memories and the sophisticated programs would be divided by the number of users .
5.2 Memory Hardware Requirements
When we start to think of storing any appreciable fraction of a technical literature in computer memory , we run into billions of bits and , unless things change markedly , billions of dollars .
The first thing to face is that we shall not store all the technical and scientific papers in computer memory .
We may store the parts that can be summarized most succinctly - the quantitative parts and the reference citations - but not the whole .
Books are among the most beautifully engineered , and human - engineered , components in existence , and they will continue to be functionally important within the context of man-computer symbiosis .
( Hopefully , the computer will expedite the finding , delivering , and returning of books . )
The second point is that a very important section of memory will be permanent : part indelible memory and part published memory .
The computer will be able to write once into indelible memory , and then read back indefinitely , but the computer will not be able to erase indelible memory .
( It may also over - write , turning all the 0's into l's , as though marking over what was written earlier . )
Published memory will be " read - only " memory .
It will be introduced into the computer already structured .
The computer will be able to refer to it repeatedly , but not to change it .
These types of memory will become more and more important as computers grow larger .
They can be made more compact than core , thin - film , or even tape memory , and they will be much less expensive .
The main engineering problems will concern selection circuitry .
In so far as other aspects of memory requirement are concerned , we may count upon the continuing development of ordinary scientific and business computing machines
There is some prospect that memory elements will become as fast as processing ( logic ) elements .
That development would have a revolutionary effect upon the design of computers .
5.3 Memory Organization Requirements
Implicit in the idea of man-computer symbiosis are the requirements that information be retrievable both by name and by pattern and that it be accessible through procedure much faster than serial search .
At least half of the problem of memory organization appears to reside in the storage procedure .
Most of the remainder seems to be wrapped up in the problem of pattern recognition within the storage mechanism or medium .
Detailed discussion of these problems is beyond the present scope .
However , a brief outline of one promising idea , " trie memory , " may serve to indicate the general nature of anticipated developments .
Trie memory is so called by its originator , Fredkin [ 10 ] , because it is designed to facilitate retrieval of information and because the branching storage structure , when developed , resembles a tree .
Most common memory systems store functions of arguments at locations designated by the arguments .
( In one sense , they do not store the arguments at all .
In another and more realistic sense , they store all the possible arguments in the framework structure of the memory . )
The trie memory system , on the other hand , stores both the functions and the arguments .
The argument is introduced into the memory first , one character at a time , starting at a standard initial register .
Each argument register has one cell for each character of the ensemble ( e.g. , two for information encoded in binary form ) and each character cell has within it storage space for the address of the next register .
The argument is stored by writing a series of addresses , each one of which tells where to find the next .
At the end of the argument is a special " end-of - argument " marker .
Then follow directions to the function , which is stored in one or another of several ways , either further trie structure or " list structure " often being most effective .
The trie memory scheme is inefficient for small memories , but it becomes increasingly efficient in using available storage space as memory size increases .
The attractive features of the scheme are these : 1 ) The retrieval process is extremely simple .
Given the argument , enter the standard initial register with the first character , and pick up the address of the second .
Then go to the second register , and pick up the address of the third , etc. 2 ) If two arguments have initial characters in common , they use the same storage space for those characters .
3 ) The lengths of the arguments need not be the same , and need not be specified in advance .
4 ) No room in storage is reserved for or used by any argument until it is actually stored .
The trie structure is created as the items are introduced into the memory .
5 ) A function can be used as an argument for another function , and that function as an argument for the next .
Thus , for example , by entering with the argument , " matrix multiplication , " one might retrieve the entire program for performing a matrix multiplication on the computer .
6 ) By examining the storage at a given level , one can determine what thus - far similar items have been stored .
For example , if there is no citation for Egan , J. P. , it is but a step or two backward to pick up the trail of Egan , James ... .
The properties just described do not include all the desired ones , but they bring computer storage into resonance with human operators and their predilection to designate things by naming or pointing .
5.4 The Language Problem
The basic dissimilarity between human languages and computer languages may be the most serious obstacle to true symbiosis .
It is reassuring , however , to note what great strides have already been made , through interpretive programs and particularly through assembly or compiling programs such as FORTRAN , to adapt computers to human language forms .
The " Information Processing Language " of Shaw , Newell , Simon , and Ellis [ 24 ] represents another line of rapprochement .
And , in ALGOL and related systems , men are proving their flexibility by adopting standard formulas of representation and expression that are readily translatable into machine language .
For the purposes of real - time cooperation between men and computers , it will be necessary , however , to make use of an additional and rather different principle of communication and control .
The idea may be highlighted by comparing instructions ordinarily addressed to intelligent human beings with instructions ordinarily used with computers .
The latter specify precisely the individual steps to take and the sequence in which to take them .
The former present or imply something about incentive or motivation , and they supply a criterion by which the human executor of the instructions will know when he has accomplished his task .
In short : instructions directed to computers specify courses ; instructions - directed to human beings specify goals .
Men appear to think more naturally and easily in terms of goals than in terms of courses .
True , they usually know something about directions in which to travel or lines along which to work , but few start out with precisely formulated itineraries .
Who , for example , would depart from Boston for Los Angeles with a detailed specification of the route ?
Instead , to paraphrase Wiener , men bound for Los Angeles try continually to decrease the amount by which they are not yet in the smog .
Computer instruction through specification of goals is being approached along two paths .
The first involves problem - solving , hill - climbing , self - organizing programs .
The second involves real - time concatenation of preprogrammed segments and closed subroutines which the human operator can designate and call into action simply by name .
Along the first of these paths , there has been promising exploratory work .
It is clear that , working within the loose constraints of predetermined strategies , computers will in due course be able to devise and simplify their own procedures for achieving stated goals .
Thus far , the achievements have not been substantively important ; they have constituted only " demonstration in principle . "
Nevertheless , the implications are far - reaching .
Although the second path is simpler and apparently capable of earlier realization , it has been relatively neglected .
Fredkin's trie memory provides a promising paradigm .
We may in due course see a serious effort to develop computer programs that can be connected together like the words and phrases of speech to do whatever computation or control is required at the moment .
The consideration that holds back such an effort , apparently , is that the effort would produce nothing that would be of great value in the context of existing computers .
It would be unrewarding to develop the language before there are any computing machines capable of responding meaningfully to it .
5.5 Input and Output Equipment
The department of data processing that seems least advanced , in so far as the requirements of man-computer symbiosis are concerned , is the one that deals with input and output equipment or , as it is seen from the human operator 's point of view , displays and controls .
Immediately after saying that , it is essential to make qualifying comments , because the engineering of equipment for high - speed introduction and extraction of information has been excellent , and because some very sophisticated display and control techniques have been developed in such research laboratories as the Lincoln Laboratory .
By and large , in generally available computers , however , there is almost no provision for any more effective , immediate man-machine communication than can be achieved with an electric typewriter .
Displays seem to be in a somewhat better state than controls .
Many computers plot graphs on oscilloscope screens , and a few take advantage of the remarkable capabilities , graphical and symbolic , of the charactron display tube .
Nowhere , to my knowledge , however , is there anything approaching the flexibility and convenience of the pencil and doodle pad or the chalk and blackboard used by men in technical discussion .
1 ) Desk - Surface Display and Control : Certainly , for effective man-computer interaction , it will be necessary for the man and the computer to draw graphs and pictures and to write notes and equations to each other on the same display surface .
The man should be able to present a function to the computer , in a rough but rapid fashion , by drawing a graph .
The computer should read the man 's writing , perhaps on the condition that it be in clear block capitals , and it should immediately post , at the location of each hand - drawn symbol , the corresponding character as interpreted and put into precise type - face .
With such an input - output device , the operator would quickly learn to write or print in a manner legible to the machine .
He could compose instructions and subroutines , set them into proper format , and check them over before introducing them finally into the computer 's main memory .
He could even define new symbols , as Gilmore and Savell [ 14 ] have done at the Lincoln Laboratory , and present them directly to the computer .
He could sketch out the format of a table roughly and let the computer shape it up with precision .
He could correct the computer 's data , instruct the machine via flow diagrams , and in general interact with it very much as he would with another engineer , except that the " other engineer " would be a precise draftsman , a lightning calculator , a mnemonic wizard , and many other valuable partners all in one .
2 ) Computer - Posted Wall Display :
In some technological systems , several men share responsibility for controlling vehicles whose behaviors interact .
Some information must be presented simultaneously to all the men , preferably on a common grid , to coordinate their actions .
Other information is of relevance only to one or two operators .
There would be only a confusion of uninterpretable clutter if all the information were presented on one display to all of them .
The information must be posted by a computer , since manual plotting is too slow to keep it up to date .
The problem just outlined is even now a critical one , and it seems certain to become more and more critical as time goes by .
Several designers are convinced that displays with the desired characteristics can be constructed with the aid of flashing lights and time - sharing viewing screens based on the light - valve principle .
The large display should be supplemented , according to most of those who have thought about the problem , by individual display - control units .
The latter would permit the operators to modify the wall display without leaving their locations .
For some purposes , it would be desirable for the operators to be able to communicate with the computer through the supplementary displays and perhaps even through the wall display .
At least one scheme for providing such communication seems feasible .
The large wall display and its associated system are relevant , of course , to symbiotic cooperation between a computer and a team of men .
Laboratory experiments have indicated repeatedly that informal , parallel arrangements of operators , coordinating their activities through reference to a large situation display , have important advantages over the arrangement , more widely used , that locates the operators at individual consoles and attempts to correlate their actions through the agency of a computer .
This is one of several operator - team problems in need of careful study .
3 ) Automatic Speech Production and Recognition :
How desirable and how feasible is speech communication between human operators and computing machines ?
That compound question is asked whenever sophisticated data - processing systems are discussed .
Engineers who work and live with computers take a conservative attitude toward the desirability .
Engineers who have had experience in the field of automatic speech recognition take a conservative attitude toward the feasibility .
Yet there is continuing interest in the idea of talking with computing machines .
In large part , the interest stems from realization that one can hardly take a military commander or a corporation president away from his work to teach him to type .
If computing machines are ever to be used directly by top - level decision makers , it may be worthwhile to provide communication via the most natural means , even at considerable cost .
Preliminary analysis of his problems and time scales suggests that a corporation president would be interested in a symbiotic association with a computer only as an avocation .
Business situations usually move slowly enough that there is time for briefings and conferences .
It seems reasonable , therefore , for computer specialists to be the ones who interact directly with computers in business offices .
The military commander , on the other hand , faces a greater probability of having to make critical decisions in short intervals of time .
It is easy to overdramatize the notion of the ten - minute war , but it would be dangerous to count on having more than ten minutes in which to make a critical decision .
As military system ground environments and control centers grow in capability and complexity , therefore , a real requirement for automatic speech production and recognition in computers seems likely to develop .
Certainly , if the equipment were already developed , reliable , and available , it would be used .
In so far as feasibility is concerned , speech production poses less severe problems of a technical nature than does automatic recognition of speech sounds .
A commercial electronic digital voltmeter now reads aloud its indications , digit by digit .
For eight or ten years , at the Bell Telephone Laboratories , the Royal Institute of Technology ( Stockholm ) , the Signals Research and Development Establishment ( Christchurch ) , the Haskins Laboratory , and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Dunn [ 6 ] , Fant [ 7 ] , Lawrence [ 15 ] , Cooper [ 3 ] , Stevens [ 26 ] , and their co-workers , have demonstrated successive generations of intelligible automatic talkers .
Recent work at the Haskins Laboratory has led to the development of a digital code , suitable for use by computing machines , that makes an automatic voice utter intelligible connected discourse [ 16 ] .
The feasibility of automatic speech recognition depends heavily upon the size of the vocabulary of words to be recognized and upon the diversity of talkers and accents with which it must work .
Ninety - eight per cent correct recognition of naturally spoken decimal digits was demonstrated several years ago at the Bell Telephone Laboratories and at the Lincoln Laboratory [ 4 ] , [ 9 ] .
To go a step up the scale of vocabulary size , we may say that an automatic recognizer of clearly spoken alpha- numerical characters can almost surely be developed now on the basis of existing knowledge .
Since untrained operators can read at least as rapidly as trained ones can type , such a device would be a convenient tool in almost any computer installation .
For real - time interaction on a truly symbiotic level , however , a vocabulary of about 2000 words , e.g. , 1000 words of something like basic English and 1000 technical terms , would probably be required .
That constitutes a challenging problem .
In the consensus of acousticians and linguists , construction of a recognizer of 2000 words cannot be accomplished now .
However , there are several organizations that would happily undertake to develop an automatic recognize for such a vocabulary on a five - year basis .
They would stipulate that the speech be clear speech , dictation style , without unusual accent .
Although detailed discussion of techniques of automatic speech recognition is beyond the present scope , it is fitting to note that computing machines are playing a dominant role in the development of automatic speech recognizers .
They have contributed the impetus that accounts for the present optimism , or rather for the optimism presently found in some quarters .
Two or three years ago , it appeared that automatic recognition of sizeable vocabularies would not be achieved for ten or fifteen years ; that it would have to await much further , gradual accumulation of knowledge of acoustic , phonetic , linguistic , and psychological processes in speech communication .
Now , however , many see a prospect of accelerating the acquisition of that knowledge with the aid of computer processing of speech signals , and not a few workers have the feeling that sophisticated computer programs will be able to perform well as speech - pattern recognizes even without the aid of much substantive knowledge of speech signals and processes .
Putting those two considerations together brings the estimate of the time required to achieve practically significant speech recognition down to perhaps five years , the five years just mentioned .
References
[ 1 ] A. Bernstein and M. deV.
Roberts , " Computer versus chess - player , " Scientific American , vol .
198 , pp. 96-98 ; June , 1958 .
[ 2 ] W. W. Bledsoe and I .
Browning , " Pattern Recognition and Reading by Machine , " presented at the Eastern Joint Computer Conf , Boston , Mass. , December , 1959 .
[ 3 ] F. S. Cooper , et al. , " Some experiments on the perception of synthetic speech sounds , " J. Acoust Soc. Amer. , vol.24 , pp.597-606 ; November , 1952 .
[ 4 ] K. H. Davis , R. Biddulph , and S. Balashek , " Automatic recognition of spoken digits , " in W. Jackson , Communication Theory , Butterworths Scientific Publications , London , Eng. , pp. 433-441 ; 1953 .
[ 5 ] G. P. Dinneen , " Programming pattern recognition , " Proc. WJCC , pp. 94-100 ; March , 1955 .
[ 6 ] H. K. Dunn , " The calculation of vowel resonances , and an electrical vocal tract , " J. Acoust Soc. Amer. , vol. 22 , pp.740-753 ; November , 1950 .
[ 7 ]
G. Fant , " On the Acoustics of Speech , " paper presented at the Third Internatl .
Congress on Acoustics , Stuttgart , Ger. ; September , 1959 .
[ 8 ] B. G. Farley and W. A. Clark , " Simulation of self - organizing systems by digital computers . "
IRE Trans. on Information Theory , vol .
IT - 4 , pp.76 - 84 ; September , 1954
[ 9 ] J. W. Forgie and C. D. Forgie , " Results obtained from a vowel recognition computer program , " J. Acoust Soc. Amer. , vol. 31 , pp. 1480 -1489 ; November , 1959
[ 10 ] E. Fredkin , " Trie memory , " Communications of the ACM , Sept. 1960 , pp. 490-499
[ 11 ] R. M. Friedberg , " A learning machine : Part I , " IBM J. Res. & Dev. , vol.2 , pp.2-13 ; January , 1958 .
[ 12 ] H. Gelernter , " Realization of a Geometry Theorem Proving Machine . "
Unesco , NS , ICIP , 1.6.6 , Internatl .
Conf. on Information Processing , Paris , France ; June , 1959 .
[ 13 ] P. C. Gilmore , " A Program for the Production of Proofs for Theorems Derivable Within the First Order Predicate Calculus from Axioms , " Unesco , NS , ICIP , 1.6.14 , Internatl .
Conf. on Information Processing , Paris , France ; June , 1959 .
[ 14 ] J. T. Gilmore and R. E. Savell , " The Lincoln Writer , " Lincoln Laboratory , M. I. T. , Lexington , Mass. , Rept. 51 - 8 ; October , 1959 .
[ 15 ] W. Lawrence , et al. , " Methods and Purposes of Speech Synthesis , " Signals Res. and Dev. Estab . , Ministry of Supply , Christchurch , Hants , England , Rept. 56/1457 ; March , 1956 .
[ 16 ] A. M. Liberman , F. Ingemann , L. Lisker , P. Delattre , and F. S. Cooper , " Minimal rules for synthesizing speech , " J. Acoust Soc. Amer. , vol. 31 , pp. 1490 -1499 ; November , 1959 .
[ 17 ] A. Newell , " The chess machine : an example of dealing with a complex task by adaptation , " Proc. WJCC , pp. 101-108 ; March , 1955 .
[ 18 ] A. Newell and J. C. Shaw , " Programming the logic theory machine . "
Proc. WJCC , pp. 230-240 ; March , 1957 .
[ 19 ] A. Newell , J. C. Shaw , and H. A. Simon , " Chess - playing programs and the problem of complexity , " IBM J. Res & Dev. , vol.2 , pp. 320-33.5 ; October , 1958 .
[ 20 ] A. Newell , H. A. Simon , and J. C. Shaw , " Report on a general problem - solving program , " Unesco , NS , ICIP , 1.6.8 , Internatl .
Conf. on Information Processing , Paris , France ; June , 1959 .
[ 21 ] J. D. North , " The rational behavior of mechanically extended man " , Boulton Paul Aircraft Ltd. , Wolverhampton , Eng. ; September , 1954 .
[ 22 ] 0 . G. Selfridge , " Pandemonium , a paradigm for learning , " Proc. Symp. Mechanisation of Thought Processes , Natl . Physical Lab. , Teddington , Eng. ; November , 1958 .
[ 23 ] C. E. Shannon , " Programming a computer for playing chess , " Phil .
Mag. , vol.41 , pp.256-75 ; March , 1950 .
[ 24 ] J. C. Shaw , A. Newell , H. A. Simon , and T. O. Ellis , " A command structure for complex information processing , " Proc. WJCC , pp. 119-128 ; May , 1958 .
[ 25 ] H. Sherman , " A Quasi - Topological Method for Recognition of Line Patterns , " Unesco , NS , ICIP , H.L.5 , Internatl .
Conf. on Information Processing , Paris , France ; June , 1959
[ 26 ] K. N. Stevens , S. Kasowski , and C. G. Fant , " Electric analog of the vocal tract , " J. Acoust .
Soc. Amer. , vol. 25 , pp. 734-742 ; July , 1953 .
[ 27 ]
Webster 's New International Dictionary , 2nd e. , G. and C. Merriam Co. , Springfield , Mass. , p. 2555 ; 1958 .
Proprietor of the blog Feministing.com and author of Full Frontal Feminism , Jessica Valenti , talks to Stephen about her new book and how women can combat the negative stereotype of being a " feminist . "
Download Download
I wonder if Ann Althouse , who went ape shit when she saw Jessica 's boobalicious photo with President Clinton , was watching last night .
The world may never know .
( Correction : Michelle Malkin did not comment on this topic so we removed her name .
Silent Patriot regrets the error . )
Editor 's note : I 'm writing this from a wireless connection on Blizzard ' WWI show floor .
Their opening ceremony is set to start any minute now .
As the ceremony continues there 'll be fragmented updates below .
Expect more details throughout the presentation unless this wireless connection screws up .
Also , expect typos .
All timestamps are local time in Seoul , South Korea .
4:07 - Just uploaded first ever screens of StarCraft 2 .
Enjoy .
see deal StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty - PC $ 9.97 on Gamestop
3:50 - Blizzard has not yet announced a release date for StarCraft 2.3:44 - Had to run out of conference room to plug in laptop - there 's an hour long information session starting in about 30 minutes - do n't know if there 's an internet connection there so I might not be able to update until i get back .
As for initial StarCraft 2 impressions - the game looked very similar to SC1 - nearly identical user interface - graphic styles and unit proportions nearly the same - more flashy lighting effects but it seems like Blizzard did n't want to mess with SC 's underlying formula very much .
The screens they showed the video on did n't display the video very clearly , unfortunately , but the game still looked pretty with some nice animations .
We 'll have to wait to bring you any updates on what kind of story elements are in SC2 3:31 - Announcements are over - transitioning into a musical act - hopefully it's not as bad as the music they were playing before the ceremony .
3:26 - Showing another video of " things to come . " concept art for SC2 - zerg landscapes - ruined terran structures - freen filds - SC2 looks , at least visually , strikingly similar to SC1 - both in unit and map designs .
Now showing a giant rush of zerglings - probably over 100 of them , swarming with no slowdown - mroe character art - finishes with the StarCraft II logo .
3:23 - now showing terran and protoss fight - marines and zealots clashing on the ground - mothership and battle crusers in the air - framerate seems relatively stable as more units stream in - hard to tell - about 100 units on screen right now - a few of the new protoss units just came in - nuclear launch detected warning - every unit on screen destroyed - three nukes were launched at once - then zergs rush in and spell " GG " while turning into suicidal bombs .
3:18 - warprey also very effective against structures - very vulnerable to small unit fire - shws warpreys getting wiped out by terran marines .
Physics system lets debris from warpreys roll down a ramp .
Showing one more unit - warped in in a serious of cubes - giant floating base - called a protoss mothership - can only have 1 at a time - cost big resources - special abilities include timebomb that slows all enemy missiles inside - shows terran missle launcher shooting in projectiles that stop in the field before they reach the ship - when field ends missiles drop the ground - planet cracker attack - giant lasers stream from ship to ground - ship can be moved around while planet cracker laser is active - the ship looks like a metallic , triangular sand dollar - mothership can create a black hole anywhere it wannts to - creates distortion that actually sucks ships in and destroys them - in the demo the black hole destroyed four terran battle cruisers in about ten seconds .
3:16 - showing space platform environment , land mass floating over planets / nebulae .
Showing phoenix units failing to destroy terran battle cruisers - new protoss unit - Warprey - flying unit that does increased damage the longer it hits a target with it 's continuous blue laser .
3:15 - Zerglings can mutate into suicidal bomb things thar roll across the ground - very powerful explosions .
Colossus using new IK system to move across differences in terraing height .
Colossus extremley weak against air strike - New unit for protoss - Pheonix - can overcharge guns for multiple projectile blast - but after blast the ship is rendered inert for a short period .
3:14 - Protoss colossus - huge unit that can blast out dual lasers and use long legs to traverse differences in terrain height - in the demo two of them obliterate about fifty or so zerglings .
3:10 - Terran reapers - can hop across unever terrain with jump packs - two types of small pistols that do n't activate immortals .
Protoss now have the ability to create shields whereever they want .
Protoss can now warp in units from manufacturing facilities anything within pylon range .
New protoss unit - stalker - can teleport - quadripedal thing - can keep blinking forward - seems to be a shot cooldown on the ability .
Zerg start coming in , giant worms pop out of ground unleasing zerglings .
Protoss can use phase fields and teleporting abilities to create an army anywhere on the battlefield , according to Blizzard .3:09 - controlling protoss zealots - still has psi blades and personal shield - new charge ability that let him quickly close range on enemies .
Siege tanks shown - still the same type of behavior where they can lock down - take out zealots really quickly - new protoss unit - called immortals - have special shield that only activates upon being powerfully attacked - siege tanks could barely do any damage to them .
3:07 - Showing gameplay footage - Looks like protoss ships - floating over asteroid / base structure - entering protoss ase - similar looking buildings - vespene gas still in the game - character pane shows up on right side - some protoss guy - shifts to terran bases floating on rockets over same type of territory - sill collecting crystals as resources - marines load out .
Dustin is actually playing the game - nothing in the game is final .
3:05 - Morheim says everyone eager to see actual game - going to show actual gameplay - bringing up SC2 lead designer .
Dustin Browder .3:00 - FMV sequence in a spaceship - looks Terran - zooming in on a metal door - door opening - reveals a guy with a cigar in chains - prisoner - door shuts behind him - there 's so much bass the room is shaking - guy steps into some kind of metallic devicce - legs are strapped in - guy rising toward ceiling - Korean text on screen got people very excited - another part of the machine is dropping metal arms on him - machine whirring - applying armor to his torso - extremly detailed visuals here - now guy is strapping on gloves - armor is molding together - seems like a Terran marine - rockets turn on - zerg now onscreen - Marine delivers a line - StarCraft 2 officially announced .
2:57 - Showing another movie , presumably of game footage .
2:56 - Video over - Morhaime about to make announcement .
2:55 - Now showing WoW footage - more cheers from crowd .
2:52 - Showing WC3 footage .
When they showed Diablo footage the Deckard Cain " stay a while an listen " line got a cheer from the crowd .
2:51 - About to show a video now of previous Blizzard titles and WWI 's from years past .
Morhaime still rambling on with politically correct thanks to the gaming community .
Here goes the video for past Blizzard stuff .
Nothing exciting yet .
2:50 - Talking about how this is the largest WWI they 've had yet - there 'll be WoW tourneys as well .
2:49 - Mike Morhaime takes stage to make announcement .
2:47 - Here we go , they 're going to announce something .
2:45 - Now they 're taking the oath saying they 'll play for " for the races of each title " and their home country whom they 're representing .
2:42 - The WC3 player pulls it together and delivers a solid address to the crowd , intoducing himself and saying he 's glad to be here .
2:41 - Interviewing a WC3 player .
Female MC and size of crowd is making him nervous .
Another joke in Korean .
Now the female MC is complimenting his smile , he 's visibly squirming .
2:40 - One of the MCs just tried to explain the joke in English and failed .
2:38 - Now the WC 3 and StarCraft players are taking some sort of " oath . "
Apparently in the spirit of fair play during the WWI .
This is all being said in Korean , but one of the players just made the whole crowd laugh .
2:37 - Shrill screams of adoration are erupting randomly from the stands at the back of the arena .
2:36 - Here come the WarCraft 3 guys .
One guy from USA .
They 're announcing names as well as which race they play in competition .
2:35 - These guys are from all over the world , from Taiwan to Poland .
Wearing some kind of hybrid NASCAR / track jackets with advertisements all over them .
2:34 - Now they 're introducing the professional gamers who'll be participating in the StarCraft and WarCraft 3 tourneys .
More fireworks .
No fatalities .
2:31 - Mike Morhaim - president and cofounder of Blizzard introduced .
Continuing to introduce people in attendance , they 're just sitting in the crowd , though , not approaching the stage .
Chris Metzen introduced .
2:30 - Ok , fireworks just went off .
Nobody is dead ... yet .2:29 - He 's continuing the trend of talking about why WWI is awesome .
2:27 - Jungwon
Hahn , managing director of Blizzard 's Korean office speaking now .
2:26 - Still blabbing about why WWI is awesome .
2:24 - Just showing crowd on screens , welcoming everyone to WWI - lots of screaming for musical guests to perform later on .
Includes Ivy.2:20 - MCs start presentation .
Delivering lengthy speech in Korean - waiting for English translation .
2:19 - Starting .
Video playing on screen showing blizzard logo .
2:18 - They appear to just be shaking hands , presentation has n't started yet and another atrocious melody is on the speakers .
2:15 - Blizzard employees currently mounting the stage , lights come on , crowd starts applauding / cheering .
2:14 - Just made an annoucement saying " the program is being delayed a little . "
Announcer says it 'll start shortly .
2:13 - Korean press in center of floor seating is yelling and doing the wave .
2:12 PM - Still has n't started .
Some video guy in front of me is actually dancing to the abominable jazz they 're pumping in here .
Now he 's tapping his feet .
2:08 PM - Another horrible song starting .
Large video banks behind announcement stage are displaying Blizzard 's WWI logo .
People with video cameras are running around everywhere .
Gah , this music is bad , awful jazz sax .
2:06 PM - Guitar riffs still aggravatingly cheesy .
Crowds continuing to fill seating .
Ceremony has yet to start .
Update 2:02 PM
- Announced presentation will begin shortly .
Really cheesy guitar riffs playing over the speakers .
The staduim seating is filling up , must be several thousand in attendance so far .
Update 1:59 PM
- Announcing itinerary for the rest of the event over the next two days .
Diebold Distributor : ' You Are Full of Shit '
Diebold Distributor Tells Brad Blog ' You Are Totally Full of Shit' Comments That We Are ' Deluded , ' ' Paranoid , ' ' Looney Idealogues , ' and that Voting Machines Are Not the ' Cause of Our Problems , It 's the People ' Challenges Us to a Debate ... We Accept ... Blogged by Brad Friedman from the Ozark Mountains in Missouri ...
In a late comment posted just this morning , in reply to the article and photos about my recent visit to Diebold in Texas , a person claiming to be an employee of one of Diebold 's New England distributors believes I am " totally full of shit " ...
... Ken Hajjar said on 8/10/2007 @ 7:30 am PT ...
Dear Brad , you are totally full of shit .
I used to think that all of the looney idealogues were on the right .
There are just as many on the left and you are one of them .
You have no idea how elections are conducted and how many safeguards are in place , including human oversight .
But , facts do n't matter to ideologues , so I 'm probably wasting my time .
To think that many of your paranoid fellow travellers would actually think that the hand counting of paper ballots is nirvana just shows how deluded you and they are .
I work for LHS Associates in New England .
We are distributors for Diebold and while I have many reasons to criticize things that the company has done over the past few years , the thought that there is a company wide culture of fraud and deception is ludicrous .
But , as I said , facts do n't matter to you .
Stop blaming the vendors and look to the incompetence and cowardice of the Democratic party for its failures .
Couple that with the criminal activities of the GOP relative to vote suppression and you 've got your answers .
It 's not the machines that are the cause of our problems , it 's the people .
I challenged Bev Harris and Harri Hursti a couple of years ago and they backed off .
I issue the same challenge to you .
Pick a forum and I 'd be happy to discuss how we run elections in New England and how difficult , if not impossible it is to game the system .
Bring it on .
I do n't know Mr. Hajjar , nor his company , LHS Associates , and do n't have much time again today , as I 'm still on the road , to look into them , but I 'll presume both are legitimate entities and he is the one who posted the above comment .
Hajjar , according to LHS 's website , appears to be their " Director of Sales and Marketing , " so it 's little wonder he 's a bit deluded about the products his company represents and upon which his livelihood depends .
It makes sense that he might be a tad paranoid about what may come in the wake of recent devastating findings out of California concerning Diebold and their shitty , hackable voting systems , as far as his continuing ability to make a living off them courtesy of the tax - payer teat .
Nonetheless , I am happy to reply to a point or two of his silly , ill - conceived screed , along with gladly accepting his invitation to debate these particular issues publicly ...
" [ T ]he thought that there is a company wide culture of fraud and deception is ludicrous , " wrote Hajjar in his comment , presumably in reply to something we 've reported at some point .
I do n't believe I made any such assertion in the article on which he left his comment , although a reliable Diebold insider we dubbed " DIEB - THROAT " when first reporting that source 's information back in 2005 , had told The BRAD BLOG that " Diebold 's upper management was aware of " problems with security issues on their voting systems " before the 2004 election - but did nothing to correct it . "
DIEB -THROAT 's comment was in reply to the Cyber Alert Warning about Diebold 's tabulator as issued by the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team ( CERT ) , a branch of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security .
The warning , issued in August of 2004 , said , " A vulnerability exists due to an undocumented backdoor account , which could a [ sic ] local or remote authenticated malicious user modify votes . "
Yet Diebold spokesperson David Bear told The BRAD BLOG at the time , " I do n't know anything about it , " and he confirmed that no changes had been made to the GEMS tabulator software since the CERT warning .
DIEB -THROAT further told us that he had " seen these systems connected to phone lines dozens of times with users gaining remote access ... eliminat[ing ] any need for a conspiracy of hundreds to alter the outcome of an election , " and that " Remote access using this backdoor means that one malicious person can change the outcome of any Diebold election . "
Of course , CA Secretary of State Debra Bowen 's independent vulnerability testing of Diebold 's voting systems [ PDF ] , carried out by some of the world 's top computer scientists at the University of California and released just about a week ago , found precisely what our source had discussed two years ago .
Without access to the system 's source code , the team " uncovered evidence that Diebold technicians created a remotely - accessible Windows account that , by default configuration ( according to the Diebold documentation ) , can be accessed without the need to supply a password . "
They remarked that " Devices , as delivered to customers , should only have accounts that are well - documented and remote access that is necessary for the needs of the particular county .
Undocumented remotely - accessible logins are contrary to generally - accepted security practices . "
Exploiting these long - standing security gulfs , the UC team of scientists reported , could allow a malicious user to " modify GEMS databases , altering vote totals , " and causing other related mischief .
" They do n't have security solutions .
They do n't want them , " DIEB - THROAT explained to us back in 2005 .
" They 've known about this for some time .
They do n't really care , " the source said , comparing the security flaws to " leaving the front door at Fort Knox open . "
It 's just " blatant sloppiness and they do n't care . "
Are we all " deluded , " " paranoid , " " looney idealogues " then ?
Or could it be Hajjar has been guzzling the Diebold company Kool - Aid ?
DIEB -THROAT also touched on this phenomenon by pointing out , as we reported at the time , that company employees --- including himself --- " had been ' brainwashed ' by the pervasive ' company line ' at Diebold that all of the talk about security concerns and the possibility that someone could hack the vote was the talk of ' conspiracy theorists . ' "
Though the source said there is a " culture of fear " at the company , we 've never reported or even implied that " there is a company wide culture of fraud and deception . "
We do , however , stand firmly by our years of reporting --- including the article on which Hajjar commented --- and by the dozens of studies which confirm that the greatest threat to election security comes from Election Insiders , including employees at voting machine companies who have virtually unlimited access to the devices .
Even the final report from the fatally compromised Baker / Carter National Commission on Election Reform found that " Software can be modified maliciously before being installed into individual voting machines .
There is no reason to trust insiders in the election industry any more than in other industries . "
Is James A. Baker III one of those " deluded , " " paranoid , " " looney idealogues , " Mr. Hajjar ?
You suggest I should " look to the incompetence and cowardice of the Democratic party for its failures , " and in response , I 'd suggest that you look to The BRAD BLOG for volumes of reporting on exactly that .
Perhaps our page of detailed special coverage of Democratic Rep. Rush Holt 's proposed election reform bill will offer you a clue , since you seem to be tragically without one in that regard .
" It 's not the machines that are the cause of our problems , it 's the people , " you write .
And of course , I agree .
That was the point of the article you commented on , but apparently failed to grasp .
You , by the way , are one of those people who are at the root cause of our problems .
Or perhaps you 're just a deluded , paranoid loon when it comes to reading detailed , independently verifiable reports on the corrupt , unAmerican , democracy - hating liars with whom you 've decided to cast your lot .
Either way , I 'd be delighted to take up your offer to debate all of these issues .
If someone reading this would like to create a forum for such a debate somewhere between here ( Missouri ) and California over the next few weeks as I travel , I 'd be happy to show up and debate all of these matters publicly .
Otherwise , I 'll be back in Los Angeles by September , and would happily meet you there for same .
" Bring it on , " indeed .
*************
Cross-posted at The BRAD BLOG .
Brad Friedman
THE BRAD BLOG - The uprising continues ...
http://www.BradBlog.com
VELVET REVOLUTION -
The revolution begins ...
http://www.VelvetRevolution.us
© Scoop Media
Dear God , I 'm going to spend $ 200 on this game , are n't I ?
Gamespot has snagged some of the first footage of Rock Band in action and it plays out like a funeral precession for Activision 's Guitar Hero 3 .
History has shown us that when it comes to mockin ' out ( see what I did there ? ) , a high price point is not an issue .
Rock Band is going to own your soul this Fall .
Resistance is futile .
There 's not much more I can say about this that the video does n't already say for itself -- the drum peripheral kicks major ass , the game appears to contain ( I could be wrong , but it sounds good to me ! ) a studio master of Guns N' Roses ' " Welcome to the Jungle , " and I just about crapped my pants I 'm so excited .
[ Thanks to lawl and Matthew for the heads up ! ]
[ Update : the video was removed from Youtube , so you 're probably seeing a pretty black box up there .
I 'm awaiting comment from Harmonix regarding this video , so stay tuned ! ]
Here we go again , with another Design Style Resources .
There should be more of these , but only pick the several best of them to give you a c ...
Here in central San Francisco , it seems there ’s a violent drama unfolding as the Google Street View car passes by .
A bit of friendly rough and tumble , or a more serious altercation ?
You be the judge …
Note :
For this post , images that are directly beside each other were captured at exactly the same moment .
All images are posted in chronological order .
As the Google car drives down Shrader Street , we can see that there ’s a guy standing on the sidewalk , wearing a hat and a black jacket , holding his hands behind his back .
There also appears to be some building work going on .
In the next frame we can see the black hat dude is currently talking to a guy in a tan jacket .
Then all of a sudden , the guy in the tan jacket seems to take a swing at the guy in the hat !
In the next frame , the guy in the tan jacket has grasped the hat guy round the chest , and is on top of him , seemingly pounding into him !
The other guys on site are looking a little shocked .
By the next frame the scuffle is over , but the two men have moved quite a long way down the street in a single frame – perhaps they ran here ?
It certainly looks like the tan jacket guy is chasing the other guy .
The chase continues as the Google car turns the corner into Hayes Street .
Notice that the hat guy is no longer wearing his hat – it was knocked off in the scuffle .
He is looking a little worried however .
After that , the tan jacket guy turns back up the street to where he came from , but he ’s stopped on the way by a woman who seems keen to discuss something with him .
Meanwhile , hat guy skulks off down the street .
Tan jacket guy is still talking to the woman , but judging by his body language I ’d say he is n’t overly keen to continue that conversation .
At this very moment , the Google car passes right by the hat guy , affording us a pretty good close up of his profile .
Now you ’ll have to decide for yourself , but it looks a lot like he has a bleeding nose , right ?
He ’s definitely got a sore looking neck , and is that blood above his ear ?
There ’s one more close up shot of the hat guy before the Google car leaves him too far behind , in which we can again see that he ’s definitely got something on his face …
So , can anybody offer any other explanation of what happened here ?
Or even better , does anyone recognise any of these people ?
But , as Van Buren so aptly noted in his ( or her ) comment , it is the excusing of basically every OTHER right under the first ten amendments that are being shrugged off in the name of a false sense of security , while the one amendment that is completely taboo to talk in any reasonable or rational manner without the NRA or other interest group to blow the entire argument out of proportion , take comments out of context and generally lose the ability to have any rational conversation .
And that is precisely why the counter argument should hit on the right to bear arms .
Certainly this is an issue that generates a lot of passion , and I see two benefits here of using this counter argument : ( 1 ) it exposes the sheer hypocrisy of so easily giving up a basic right – whether it be free speech , religious freedom , habeas corpus , or against unreasonable search and seizure – while vehemently dismissing outright ( rightfully so , I might add ) even the thought of taking away the right to own any gun that anyone wants to own , with as little restriction from regulation as possible ; and ( 2 ) it raises the specter that , if the government can chip away at or flat out take away any other rights , then what is to stop it from taking away the right to protect yourself ?
The bar keeps getting moved when it comes to other rights .
Free speech zones are a perfect example .
Censoring what Pearl Jam did in the Lollapalooza show is another example .
Pre -screened " town hall meetings " , secret data rooms , spy satellites , expanding the authority of the Attorney General or President way beyond any plausibly rational or Constitutional authority when it comes to torture , spying or whatever else they want to do are some other examples .
And for those who do n’t think that it happens all the time , or has been happening for longer than you may know , I will refer to a line that struck me from Jesselyn Radack ’s excellent book , The Canary in The Coalmine that almost knocked me over when I read it .
She was talking about her first contacts with Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff and how the government was able to get certain information related to this without either party having any idea .
This is from the Columbia Journalism Review and is titled " Who ’s Tracking Your Calls ? " ( emphasis mine ) :
So who traced Isikoff 's calls ?
In the final analysis it really does n't matter whether the justice Department did , and shared the information with Hawkins Delafield , or whether the firm did , and shared the information with the department .
Either way the government got a record of Isikoff 's calls to an important source on an important story , without either party 's knowing about it .
It 's a quick lesson on how far an irate government may go to burn your source .
Now , imagine that the government bursts into your home , and instead of taking your computer , files and other personal information , it takes away your guns , ammo and license .
Just because they ( 1 ) have a suspicion that you may have done something wrong or may eventually use them in a crime ( even though there is no real basis for that suspicion ) and ( 2 ) because they can .
And , let ’s also say that this was happening with regularity , was relatively random , and generally did n’t result in anything other than the wrongful confiscation of guns and ammo .
Somehow , I do n’t think that the NRA or the population of gun owners will be too happy about this development .
But it ’s no big deal , right ?
You probably were n’t going to use the gun anyway , so who really cares ?
Suddenly , the argument shifts and it is a bit more offensive than just the right to a fair and speedy trial , to hear evidence against you , to face your accuser , to exercise free speech and to not have unreasonable warrantless spying on you , confiscation of your computer and bugging of your phones .
Strange where peoples ’ priorities are .
I 've now used Solaris 10 off and on long enough to have something of an opinion on it .
I could write an entry along the lines of my reactions to Solaris 9 , but I can summarize it simply : for me , nothing really fundamental or revolutionary has changed between Solaris 9 and Solaris 10 , and the whole Solaris 10 experience leaves me only a bit more enthused than I was with Solaris 9 .
Or , in short : Solaris 10 is just a warmed - over , slightly tuned up version of Solaris 9 .
But what about things like ZFS , DTrace , zones , and svcadm ?
So far my reaction is best summarized as ' new lipstick on the same old pig ' ; they are nice but have not fundamentally changed my interactions with Solaris , and thus have not changed any of the things that irritate me about Solaris 9 .
( Even if they are cool things , they are cool things dropped on top of an uninspiring base , and as a result the whole presentation suffers .
It leaves me feeling that Sun is doing the minimum effort it can get away with , instead of genuinely wanting to improve the overall experience . )
Some things about the Solaris 10 experience irritate me intensely ; for example , making the base operating system free but apparently requirement a paid support contract for things like recommended patch clusters .
( Among other things , this strikes me as an excellent way to give people trying out Solaris a bad experience because of bugs Sun has already fixed . )
With time , I may become enthused about ZFS ( and possibly zones , and maybe DTrace but I 'm not holding my breath ) , but I expect I 'll be using Solaris 10 despite itself , not because I actually like it .
I find this kind of sad , because better examples are readily available for Sun to borrow from and many of the bad points are simply lack of polish .
If Sun layered Solaris 10's interesting features on top of the kind of quality base you find in things like current Linux distributions , the result would be genuinely impressive and attractive ; instead Sun just manages a kind of tepid interest .
( PS to Sun : pca is still the best OS patch management tool for Solaris 10 , so please stop breaking it .
In fact you would be better off if you officially adopted it and made it a Sun freeware package . )
By Rob Dunn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Troy Hurtubise , eccentric inventor , has developed the ‘ Trojan ’ suit .
Aside from the unfortunate name , the suit is actually a lightweight , state - of - the - art , exoskeleton body armor which could be utilized by military personnel deployed in dangerous environments .
Described by Hurtubise himself as the “ first ballistic , full exoskeleton body suit of armor ” , the exoskeleton can sustain multiple direct hits from a wide variety of assault and high - impact weapons ( even an elephant gun ! ) , while allowing ease of movement for the soldier donning the suit .
Hurtubise is the same inventor who developed ‘ Project Grizzly ‘ , a suit of armor that was developed to allow close and personal studies of , you guessed it , grizzly bears .
One ca n’t help but evoke images of Iron Man when Tony Stark was developing his battle suit in the ‘ Tales of Suspense ’ .
Hurtubise has also developed other potentially revolutionary inventions ; a paste that can resist temperatures far beyond what the space shuttle endures during re-entry , and yet another paste that can be applied to body armor for vehicles that can sustain direct hits from RPG and high - powered sniper fire .
Why the military is n’t using this technology … I guess we ’ll never know .
The guy seems very eccentric , but is n’t that where the really cool ideas come from ?
Someone who is n’t bound by the status - quo ?
The unfortunate thing is that he put himself in debt developing his creations , and as a result , had to resort to selling the suit on EBay ( his reserve was not met ) .
Here ’s hoping that he can convince someone in the government to take his ideas and run with them .
Related link : http://www.americanantigravity.com/hurtubise.shtml
Update - June 26 , 2007 , 11:00 a.m. -
The Central Intelligence Agency has promised to deliver the long - secret " family jewels " report to the Archive within the hour .
The complete report , as released by CIA , will be posted here as soon as we can scan it .
In the meantime , the Archive has posted the original memorandum , signed by then - CIA director James R. Schlesinger , ordering the " family jewels " study and calling on CIA employees to report to him any activities " which might be construed to be outside the legislative charter of this Agency . "
Washington D.C. , June 21 , 2007
CIA director Gen. Michael Hayden announced today that the Agency is declassifying the full 693 - page file amassed on CIA 's illegal activities by order of then - CIA director James Schlesinger in 1973 -- the so - called " family jewels . "
Only a few dozen heavily - censored pages of this file have previously been declassified , although multiple Freedom of Information
Act requests have been filed over the years for the documents .
Gen .
Hayden called the file " a glimpse of a very different time and a very different Agency . "
The papers are scheduled for public release on Monday , June 25 .
" This is the first voluntary CIA declassification of controversial material since George Tenet in 1998 reneged on the 1990s promises of greater openness at the Agency , " commented Thomas Blanton , the Archive 's director .
Hayden also announced the declassification of some 11,000 pages of the so - called CAESAR , POLO and ESAU papers -- hard - target analyses of Soviet and Chinese leadership internal politics and Sino - Soviet relations from 1953 - 1973 , a collection of intelligence on Warsaw Pact military programs , and hundreds of pages on the A - 12 spy plane .
The National Security Archive separately obtained ( and posted today ) a six - page summary of the illegal CIA activities , prepared by Justice Department lawyers after a CIA briefing in December 1974 , and the memorandum of conversation when the CIA first briefed President Gerald Ford on the scandal on January 3 , 1975 .
Then - CIA director Schlesinger commissioned the " family jewels " compilation with a May 9 , 1973 directive after finding out that Watergate burglars E. Howard Hunt and James McCord ( both veteran CIA officers ) had cooperation from the Agency as they carried out " dirty tricks " for President Nixon .
The Schlesinger directive , drafted by deputy director for operations William Colby , commanded senior CIA officials to report immediately on any current or past Agency matters that might fall outside CIA authority .
By the end of May , Colby had been named to succeed Schlesinger as DCI , and his loose - leaf notebook of memos totaled 693 pages [ see John Prados , Lost Crusader : The Secret Wars of CIA Director William Colby ( Oxford University Press , 2003 , pp. 259-260 . ]
Seymour Hersh broke the story of CIA 's illegal domestic operations with a front page story in the New York Times on December 22 , 1974 ( " Huge C.I.A . Operation Reported in U.S. Against Antiwar Forces , Other Dissidents in Nixon Years " ) , writing that " a check of the CIA 's domestic files ordered last year … produced evidence of dozens of other illegal activities … beginning in the nineteen fifties , including break - ins , wiretapping , and the surreptitious inspection of mail . "
On December 31 , 1974 , CIA director Colby and the CIA general counsel John Warner met with the deputy attorney general , Laurence Silberman , and his associate , James Wilderotter , to brief Justice " in connection with the recent New York Times articles " on CIA matters that " presented legal questions . "
Colby 's list included 18 specifics :
1. Confinement of a Russian defector that " might be regarded as a violation of the kidnapping laws . "
2. Wiretapping of two syndicated columnists , Robert Allen and Paul Scott .
3. Physical surveillance of muckraker Jack Anderson and his associates , including current Fox News anchor Brit Hume .
4. Physical surveillance of then Washington Post reporter Michael Getler .
5. Break - in at the home of a former CIA employee .
6. Break - in at the office of a former defector .
7. Warrantless entry into the apartment of a former CIA employee .
8. Mail opening from 1953 to 1973 of letters to and from the Soviet Union .
9 . Mail opening from 1969 to 1972 of letters to and from China .
10 . Behavior modification experiments on " unwitting " U.S. citizens .
11 . Assassination plots against Castro , Lumumba , and Trujillo ( on the latter , " no active part " but a " faint connection " to the killers ) .
12 . Surveillance of dissident groups between 1967 and 1971 .
13 . Surveillance of a particular Latin American female and U.S. citizens in Detroit .
14 . Surveillance of a CIA critic and former officer , Victor Marchetti .
15 . Amassing of files on 9,900 - plus Americans related to the antiwar movement .
16 . Polygraph experiments with the San Mateo , California , sheriff .
17 . Fake CIA identification documents that might violate state laws .
18 . Testing of electronic equipment on US telephone circuits .
Read the Documents
Note :
The following documents are in PDF format .
You will need to download and install the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view .
Document 1 : Summary of the Family Jewels
Memorandum for the File , " CIA Matters , " by James A. Wilderotter , Associate Deputy Attorney General , 3 January 1975
Source : Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library
On New Years ' eve , 1974 , DCI Colby met with Justice Department officials , including Deputy Attorney General Laurence H. Silberman , to give them a full briefing of the " skeletons . "
Document 2 : Colby Briefs President Ford on the Family Jewels
Memorandum of Conversation , 3 January 1975
Source : Gerald R. Ford President Library
Ten days after the appearance of Hersh 's New York Times story , DCI William Colby tells President Ford how his predecessor James Schlesinger ( then serving as Secretary of Defense ) ordered CIA staffers to compile the " skeletons " in the Agency 's closet , such as surveillance of student radicals , illegal wiretaps , assassination plots , and the three year confinement of a Soviet defector , Yuri Nosenko .
Document 3 : Kissinger 's Reaction
Memorandum of Conversation between President Ford and Secretary of State / National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger , 4 January 1975
Source : Gerald R. Ford President Library
An apoplectic Kissinger argues that the unspilling of CIA secrets is " worse than the days of McCarthyism " when the Wisconsin Senator went after the State Department .
Kissinger had met with former DCI Richard Helms who told him that " these stories are just the tip of the iceberg , " citing as one example Robert F. Kennedy 's role in assassination planning .
Ford wondered whether to fire Colby , but Kissinger advised him to wait until after the investigations were complete when he could " put in someone of towering integrity . "
The " Blue Ribbon " announcement refers to the creation of a commission chaired by then - vice president Nelson A. Rockefeller .
Document 4 : Investigations Continue
Memorandum of Conversation between Kissinger , Schlesinger , Colby et al. , " Investigations of Allegations of CIA Domestic Activities , " 20 February 1975
Source : Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library
Cabinet and sub-cabinet level officials led by Kissinger discuss ways and means to protect information sought by ongoing Senate ( Church Committee ) and House ( Pike Committee ) investigations of intelligence community abuses during the first decades of the Cold War .
Worried about the foreign governments that have cooperated with U.S. intelligence agencies , Kissinger wants to " demonstrate to foreign countries that we are n't too dangerous to cooperate with because of leaks . "
I was surprised and intrigued by a comment from DKos member ' joanneleon ' that the anthrax attacks came around the time of the Patriot Act was passed .
Was this true ?
I did a quick little research and - surprise - it is true .
The anthrax letter sent to Democrat Tom Daschle was opened by an aide on October 15 , 2001 .
Nine days later the House passed the Patriot Act .
Apparently , some of them did n't read it -- or at least , did n't read it during the reauthorization in 2006 , as we know from the revelation about the US Attorney clause that was slipped in by the DOJ .
Did the hysteria and fear caused by the anthrax attacks play a factor in the passage of the Patriot Act ?
Anthrax letters sent to Congress on October 9
Tom Daschle letter opened on October 15
31 Capitol workers test positive for the presence of anthrax on October 17
Patriot Act passed the House on October 24 ( Yeas : 357 ; Nays : 66 )
Patriot Act passed the Senate on October 25 ( Yeas : 98 ; Nays : 1 )
Patriot Act signed into law by President Bush on October 26
The 31 Capitol workers include five Capitol police officers , three of Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy 's staffers and 23 of Democratic Senator Tom Daschle 's staffers .
Including the victims of the earlier letters sent to media outlets , more than 22 people ultimately developed anthrax infections .
Five people died from inhalation anthrax .
Rep .
Holt says :
“ The FBI ’s refusal to brief Members of Congress raises serious concerns about the status of this investigation and whether it is a true priority of the FBI , which appears to be no closer to solving this act of bioterrorism than they were five years ago . "
Holt wants answers about an act of bioterrorism conducted in his district .
The FBI and DOJ refuse to answer .
Since the DOJ benefited from the passage of the Patriot Act , is n't this just a little bit suspicious ?
Do n't we need some oversight into this ?
[ UPDATED : Wow .
Thanks everyone for the great , informative responses ( and not too much tinfoil - hattery ) .
The more I look into this issue , the more it seems like an excellent and needed subject of Congressional oversight .
Talk about NOT PROTECTING American citizens !
Democrats could make a really strong statement about who is really looking out for America 's safety by demanding answers into why this investigation has been stalled under the Bush Administration .
Let 's ask Waxman and Conyers about it ! ]
Yes , this LEGO Guitar Hero controller actually works , and is just slightly larger than its PS2 counterpart .
First picture in gallery .
This is a custom guitar controller for the game Guitar Hero , modeled after a Gibson Explorer guitar , with an extra large scratch - plate for style .
I gutted the real controller and put the electronic boards in the lego case , so it actually works , too
Yes , this LEGO Guitar Hero controller actually works , and is just slightly larger than its PS2 counterpart .
First picture in gallery .
When the Blue LED Faucet Lights came out I thought they were the coolest things to happen to faucets since actual plumbing .
Well , they have been upgraded !
The new Temperature Sensitive LED Faucet Lights not only illuminate your water a brilliant BLUE like before , they also turn it a fiery RED once the water temperature reaches 89° !
Not only is this a cool water effect , it 's also a great warning sign that the water is starting to get hot and is a great child safety feature .
This same technology should be used on shower heads next .
Ten Reasons I Did Not Bid On Your eBay Listing
By Wixx , special contributing writer
I am sure that I am not the only person who did not bid on your auction because of one of these reasons .
That means that you may now be relisting your item , or selling it for a lot less than what you could have .
The following is a rant .
A rant that contains my opinions , which may differ entirely from your opinions .
You are allowed to have your own opinions .
You have been warned .
# 10 You have a bunch of stupid characters in your title and or listing : L@@K A +++++++ quality jibber jabber .
This listing must have been placed by a nine year old .
A nine year old that is not likely to actually mail me the merchandise if I win , so I am not going to bid .
L@@K at me not bid on your auction .
# 9 I can not tell how much you are charging for shipping : The Shipping section says “ please see listing for shipping details ” and the listing is barren , like a wasteland .
With no mention of these elusive charges anywhere , I will have to move on .
I may “ ask the seller a question ” but then again I may not .
# 8 You do not accept Paypal : This is the year 2007 .
Get a Paypal account .
This would have been listed higher , a lot higher like damn near # 1 , but I did not want to seem shallow and superficial …heh heh .
The truth is I have a Paypal account to buy junk on eBay with .
If I use any other means of payment , I have to have approval from the family corporation in triplicate and I am really not prepared to beg for the release of $ 6.50 to buy your item , when I have those funds just sitting in my Paypal account …waiting .
Yeah Yeah I understand that Paypal is going to charge you 37 cents in fees , but that money order that you accept is going to charge ME and that is out of the equation .
I can send you a check , and wait around until it clears but by then I could have found another listing from someone who understands that I have a Paypal account and am willing to use it .
# 7 Your description is junk :
You are a salesperson when you type up your description .
Sell it to me .
Do not give me the name of the item and hope it is what I was looking for .
I have bought a few things that I was not specifically looking for because the picture and the description made me think , “ wow that is cool . ”
If I do not know what a ‘ VINTAGE 1961 HICKY MA JIGGY ” is , I am not going to buy yours .
There are indeed collectors out there who may bid , but you are missing out on a lot of people by not telling us what the hell this Hicky ma Jiggy is and does .
Here ’s an example that had the following title :
Wizards Duel figures and BGIME 13 Lord of the Rings
What the hell is that you say ?
Well read on …
Battle Games in Middle Earth magazine number 13 AND the figures needed to play the Wizards Duel game !!
The magazine is 21 full color pages of information pertaining to the Lord of the Rings table top miniatures game .
This particular issue ( # 13 ) includes 6 pages on the tactics of the game , helping you to better command your forces , a step - by - step painting guide for the horses of Rohan , and a modelling workshop demonstrating effective techniques for adding realistic details to your scenery .
It also includes the rules for an exciting mini - game called Wizard ’s duel .
This allows players to re-create the confrontation between Gandalf and Saruman .
I have also included metal figures of both wizards and the seeing stone called the Palantir .
That is the cool black crystal ball that the flaming eye of Sauron shows up in during several scenes of the movies .
Not only are these figures perfect for this mini-game , but they are great to add to your armies as well .
They are in very cool action poses as opposed to the other poses , where especially Saruman looks kind of bored and tired , leaning on his staff .
Having access to the Palantir increases Saruman ’s power in the battle game as well , so adding this mini to your collection will make your games that much more challenging .
With the other poses Saruman either has the Palantir or he does n’t .
If he has it in his hand on the model , he is very powerful .
If he has to be in contact with a separate model of it , he is still powerful , but his location on the board has a whole new meaning , as if you can get him to move away from the Palantir , it decreases his power .
To me this is a much more realistic approach .
As for Gandalf , he looks cool with his gnarled staff extended ready to use some magic !
The contents of this auction will come in a bubble mailer with heavy cardboard on both sides of the magazine .
The figures , which are unpainted and unglued , will be in a bag wrapped in bubble wrap to help cushion them even further .
As usual I will try to get these in the mail within
2 days of receiving the Paypal payment from the winner .
Thank you for looking .
Wow .
I clearly know what this listing offers and if I were on eBay looking for a gift for my Nephew who happens to really like the Lord of the Rings movies , I may be inclined to bid on this .
He may not play the table top battle game , whatever that is , but the description says that the rules and the figures needed for a mini - game are included in this listing , so at least I know he can get some use from them .
Now imagine if you saw this listing :
Wizards Duel figures and BGIME 13 Lord of the Rings
2 wizards , a sphere on a stand , and a magazine .
Do not bid unless you intend to pay .
???
I am still clueless , oh well I must not be in the club … I will move on .
I ’ll add that the last line is another of my pet peeves about eBay .
I understand that you may have been burned by deadbeat bidders who did not pay , but honestly , do you think the deadbeats will see your request of “ DO NOT BID UNLESS YOU INTEND TO PAY ” and think , “ oh man , I was going to bid and then giggle about not paying for a week until this dude gives me a non-paying strike , but he said not to ! ! ”
This request always makes me chuckle and think about including instructions for something that says 1 . Open box 2 .
Read these directions 3 . Breathe in 4 .
Breathe out 5 . Repeat breathing for the rest of your life .
# 6 You can not spell : I did a search for super cool hicky ma jiggy and got 100 listings .
I looked over them all , but none were what I wanted or the price that I was willing to pay .
Yet there , alone in the dark , desolate corner , was your listing , which was the hicky ma jiggy that I wanted .
It was the right size , the right color and the right price .
The only problem was that you listed it as a hiky ma jigy and it did not turn up on my search , nor anyone else ’s .
Do you wonder why your listing has 6 views and the rest of the hicky ma jiggy ’s have hundreds ?
It ’s because they can spell correctly .
# 5 Busted goods : eBaying broken junk works for some people , but I really do not want to bid , wait , watch , hope , win , wait for shipping , get the item , feel the excitement of seeing it in the mailbox , bring it in , open it up … and then have to fix it .
There are people out there who will bid on an electronic device that does not work because they are hoping that it is the circuit board that is bad on yours so that they can get the flux capacitor off of it , and replace theirs .
I am not one of them .
# 4 Item is in Australia : Sorry , but I can not bid on items where the postage to get to the US is more than the item AND I have to wait a month or longer to get it .
This is really just a rant , as nothing can be done about it , but bear in mind if you are a potential buyer that there are some locations that it may be best to avoid .
I know Canadians might feel this way about the entire rest of the World as their Customs charges can get pretty expensive , too .
Not really anything you can do to get me to bid , I am just saying …
# 3 Starting bid is way too high :
It may surprise you that I do not consider this to be the number one reason to not even consider a bid , but I honestly feel that this is the 3rd most important reason .
My absolute favorite is when the description itself says this super deluxe hicky ma jiggy retails for $ 25 — and the starting bid is $ 24.99 plus $ 6 shipping .
That is just a little worse than the listings that say I am clearing out my store inventory to make room for new items .
This item listed for $ 25 but is now OOP ( out of print ) and the starting bid + shipping charges add up to be equal to or greater than $ 25 .
Ummm think about this .
You had it listed in your store for $ 25 for so long that it is now out of print and you expect to get $ 25 for it now .
If it were actually worth $ 25 it would not be in need of you ‘ clearing ’ it from your inventory .
I honestly do not care how cool something is or how much I want or think I need it …I am on eBay to get a deal .
I am not interested in bidding exactly what I can pay for your item in a store and having to wait a week to see if I won it or not .
# 2 Blurry / Dark / nearly useless or the wrong picture :
This is not quite as bad as no picture at all ( that is so bad it gets its own listing … see below )
But the picture is worth a thousand words .
I have already mentioned the actual words of the description and that is usually way less than 1000 .
Do you want a thousand words screaming DO NOT BID ON THIS AUCTION ?
I did n’t think so .
I see way too many listings where it says right in the description something like “ These miniatures were painted by an Uber Pro painter and they rock hardcore , but my crappy camera sucks so trust me they look WAY better in person than what these Shatty pictures show .
Another example of this is when the pictures are too dark , blurry or both because the lack of adequate lighting severely affects the focus , making it difficult to see the details — or even some of the item that you are looking at .
A case in point :
Really cool description from above :
Same really cool description … but …
Which of these would you bid on ?
I would not bid on that second one unless I knew that those figures were worth $ 10 each and the current bid was $ 1 or $ 2 .
If I did not know what the figures were supposed to be , I would be lost .
The description says the wizards are in cool poses , but that picture does not show that .
This means again that a lot of potential bidders do not bid because they do not even know what you are selling .
You can clearly see the figures on the magazine in the good photo to give you an understanding that there is indeed coverage in there about the particular figures included .
This also happens when you are looking at a listing for an authentic and fully functional Luke Sky Walker lightsaber with instructions and an old Jedi Master to train you on its use , but the photo is of the Emperor holding Darth Vader ’s lightsaber .
Can I truly be sure that Yoda or Obi-Wan will be in the shipment that I am bidding on if the Dark Lord of the Sith is pictured ?
I may just have to wait around for another listing of a real lightsaber …
I could use the eBay question thing , but if the Emperor is involved , I can not truly be sure that he will not just cover the answer to my question with the shroud of the dark side …
# 1 No photo :
This is what I think when I see the following :
“ Check out my auction .
It is a Babe Ruth rookie card in great condition . ”
No picture ?
How do you expect me to put a value on something like this without a photo ??
I see an awful lot of listings for individual miniatures where they go so far as to include the manufacturers item number , but not a photo .
Remember that the first photo is free so you are ripping yourself off by not including one .
If I like the description of the miniature , for instance “ Shadow Dragon with treasure pile UberCool minis # 123 , ” I may go to Google image search and pull up Ubercool 123 and look for a photo .
However there are Thousands of minis made by Ubercool minis , so after I check a few I get tired of all of the extra work and I stop .
That leaves me no choice but to skip all of the hundreds and hundreds of listings without pics for a week or two until another cool sounding one comes along .
One of the signs of creeping old fogeyism is finding out how many of the irrefutable truths we learned as youths turned out to be false .
Today ’s being Flag Day reminds me of yet another cardinal rule I assimilated as a child which I later discovered was wrong : that if an American flag is allowed to touch the ground , it should be burned .
The rules we observe with respect to our flag are laid out in the U.S. Code .
( These codes specify how the flag should be displayed , but they do not establish any enforcement of legal penalties against those who violate them . )
The notion that the U.S. flag should be burned after touching the ground is a long - held misconception based upon a conflation of two different parts of the flag code .
Title 4 , Chapter 1 , Section 8 of the U.S. Code ( “ Respect for flag “ ) states in paragraph ( b ) that :
The flag should never touch anything beneath it , such as the ground , the floor , water , or merchandise .
And in paragraph ( k ) it states :
The flag , when it is in such condition that it is no longer a fitting emblem for display , should be destroyed in a dignified way , preferably by burning .
The fallacy about burning a ground - touched flag arises from the mistaken beliefs that a flag which has been allowed to touch the ground is no longer “ suitable for display ” and must therefore be destroyed , and that the only proper form of disposal for a flag is to burn it .
These beliefs reflect a misunderstanding or misinterpretation of the flag code .
Although the flag should never be allowed to touch anything beneath it ( including the ground ) , it is not automatically rendered unfit for display should this situation occur .
The proper course of action in such a case is simply to adjust the flag , or the item (s ) below it , so that they are no longer touching .
Even if the flag has become soiled from contact with the ground ( or something else ) to the extent that is no longer suitable for display , it need not be disposed of : it is perfectly permissible to wash or dry clean a dirty flag in order to render it fit for display again .
The flag need be destroyed only when it has become irreparably unsuitable for display due to circumstances such as fading , tattering , tearing , staining , partial burning , mutilation , or defacement .
How precise are tests used to diagnose learning disability , progressive brain disease or impairment from head injury " Timothy Salthouse , PhD , a noted cognitive psychologist at the University of Virginia , has demonstrated that giving a test only once is n't enough to get a clear picture of someone 's mental functioning .
It appears that repeating tests over a short period may give a more accurate range of scores , improving diagnostic workups .
The study is published in the July issue of Neuropsychology , which is published by the American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
Salthouse gave 16 common cognitive and neuropsychological tests to evenly divided participants ( 90 in the first , 1600 in the second ) into groups of ages 18 - 39 , 50 - 59 and 60 - 97 years old .
In both studies , the variation between someone 's scores on the same test given three times over two weeks was as big as the variation between the scores of people in different age groups .
It 's as if on the same test , someone acted like a 20 - year - old on a Monday , a 45 - year - old the following Friday , and a 32 - year - old the following Wednesday .
This major inconsistency raises questions about the worth of single , one - time test scores .
" I do n't think many people would have expected that the variability would be this large , and apparent in a wide variety of cognitive tests -- not simply tests of speed or alertness , " says Salthouse .
Psychologists frequently use tests of vocabulary , word recall , spatial relations , pattern comparison and the like to understand normal function and diagnose impairment .
Experts use the scores to differentiate between diagnoses , detect changes in level of functioning or to give a diagnosis in the first place .
Where scores fall relative to standardized cutoffs affects treatment , insurance , education plans and more .
Yet the apparent fuzziness of one - time assessments could make it hard to tell whether someone is truly impaired , or truly improving or worsening , instead of showing normal short - term fluctuation .
Accordingly , Salthouse has come to believe that everyone has a range of typical performances , a one - person bell curve .
Any given test will net a performance somewhere along that curve , as when a hitter 's good and bad days are factored into a seasonal batting average .
Some persons ' scores would hew more closely to their average , but for those who have high internal variation , classification based on one assessment could be way off the mark .
Salthouse says it may be time to view cognitive abilities as a distribution of many potential levels of performance instead of as one stable short - term level .
He proposes the use of a " measurement burst " procedure that bases understanding on several parallel assessments within a relatively short period .
Results gained in this manner are likely to be more stable , offering a better basis for calibrating individual change .
Before any procedural updates , Salthouse says , " More will have to be learned about this phenomenon and the conditions under which it operates . "
Multiple assessments involve more time and expense but may be necessary , he notes , to distinguish short - term fluctuation from true ability level .
In addition , psychologists would have to develop new test norms and truly equivalent versions of the same test .
Finally , Salthouse believes that measures of within - person variability could be a useful diagnostic marker in their own right .
For example , he and other cognitive psychologists are discussing whether wilder fluctuations within one person 's test scores are an early warning of mental decline .
Article : " Implications of Within - Person Variability in Cognitive and Neuropsychological Functioning for the Interpretation of Change , " Timothy A. Salthouse , PhD , University of Virginia ; Neuropsychology , Vol. 21 , No . 4 .
Yeah , you 've seen it before , that 's the iPod touch .
But take a closer look at the upper - right corner of the display .
See that little icon ?
Right , Bluetooth , as in the not announced Bluetooth radio in Apple 's new iPod touch .
Is this just a snafu from Apple 's arts - and - charts team or something more say , AVRCP and stereo A2 DP related ?
At this point , Apple 's not saying and we do n't know .
But you 'd better hurry up and click that Read link because that Apple - harvested picture wo n't be around for much longer . :
It 's still there , and spreading !
Now discovered on Apple 's US store and UK site :
Ah , sorry to bum y'all out , we just heard that Apple did n't actually include Bluetooth in the touch , meaning the screen shown above is n't entirely accurate .
We 'll let you know if we hear more . :
Two more bits : we heard from a pretty decent source that the touch internals are very similar to the iPhone internals , and that there is a Bluetooth chip in there -- it 's just not activated .
We 'll all find out as soon as someone dismantles one of these little buggers , but whether or not that 's actually the case , we took a peek at the touch 's FCC filing , which went live yesterday .
It only contains tests for WiFi , meaning if there IS Bluetooth in there , at very least they 're going to have to get it cleared again by the FCC before flipping the switch .
[ Via fscklog , thanks Tom , Mike , and Antihero ] Read -- iPod touch ( with Bluetooth icon ) on Apple 's German website
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Quick , forget everything you learned in 5th - grade social studies ( or Election ) about the three branches of government .
You know , the executive , judicial , and legislative .
Now it turns out we actually have four branches of government .
Like so many of the interesting new things we ’ve learned about how the federal government is really supposed to work , this head - scratcher comes from Dick Cheney .
Rep. Henry Waxman ’s government oversight committee has the details :
The Oversight Committee has learned that over the objections of the National Archives , Vice President Cheney exempted his office from the presidential order that establishes government - wide procedures for safeguarding classified national security information .
The Vice President asserts that his office is not an “ entity within the executive branch . ” [ emphasis mine ]
So there you have it .
There ’s a fourth branch of government , and its name is Dick Cheney .
But what should the official name be ?
How about the “ extracurricular branch ” ?
Add your naming suggestions in the comments .
Oh , you ’re gonna love this .
Home Depot is now telling its customers that if you have the audacity to complain about BillOReilly .
com ’s death threats against Hillary Clinton and suggestions of a terrorist attack against the US Capitol then YOU are the problem .
Here is the letter Home Depot is sending its customers :
Our advertising campaigns have one simple objective to communicate with audiences in the most effective way possible .
The Company is receptive to many forms and styles of media as we seek a balanced representation of programming to reach our customer base .
Unfortunately campaigns like this one cause us to take time away from our sustainability goals and address a variance of political views .
Get it ?
If you complain about Home Depot sponsoring Bill O’Reilly ’s hate , then YOU are hurting the environment because you ’re wasting their precious time .
Somebody in corporate communications is going to get fired .
In planning Iraq 's future , US can't ' see beyond next summer , ' ambassador says Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday September 11 , 2007
Print This Email This Second round of testimony receives far less media coverage
The top US diplomat in Iraq tossed some cold water on expectations that an announced plan to end the US troop surge would hasten a complete extraction of the American military from what many see as a deepening civil war there .
" In terms of concrete things like force levels ... neither of us believe we can see beyond next summer , " Ambassador Ryan Crocker said in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , appearing alongside Gen.
David Petraeus , the top US military commander in Iraq .
Petraeus : ' I do n't know ' if strategy is keeping US safe Testifying later in the day before the Senate Armed Services Committee , Sen. John Warner , a Republican whose recently emerged with criticism of President Bush 's war policies , asked Petraeus if a continuation of the surge until Summer " is making America safer . "
" Sir , I do n't know , actually , " Petraeus admitted .
" What I have focused on and been riveted on is how to accomplish the mission of the multinational force Iraq .
... I have tried to focus on what i think a commander is supposed to do , which is to determine the best recommendations to achieve the objectives of the policy from which his mission is derived . "
In their second day of Capitol Hill testimony , the two officials faced tough questions from Democratic and Republican senators who sought to nail down assessments of political progress stemming from the decreases in violence that have been cited by Bush administration officials as examples of the surge 's success .
" It certainly will be well beyond the end of next summer before Iraq achieves the end state I 've laid out .
...
Clearly , we do not have a national level of political settlement , " Crocker said , although he would not speculate how that would affect future troop levels .
Crocker and Petraeus stressed that the troop surge did not reach its full strength until June , and they argued that expectations of substantial progress at this point should be tempered with an acknowledgment that more time is needed .
Senators countered with reports that the Iraqi government is failing to meet the very benchmarks that it laid out for itself .
Unlike their testimony before two House committees , Tuesday 's hearing -- coming on the sixth anniversary of 9/11 -- did not receive nearly as much immediate attention .
Where Monday saw roadblock coverage of the hearing on all three cable news networks , Petraeus and Crocker 's testimony was carried live only on C - SPAN .
The pair was set to appear before a separate hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee later Tuesday afternoon .
Sen. Chuck Hagel , a Vietnam veteran who is among the most vocal Republicans questioning US war policies , noted " some very bright - line contradictions " between the assessments from Petraeus and Crocker and independent evaluations , such as a recently completed Government Accountability Office report .
" I have to ask this question : Where is this going ? "
Hagel said .
" We 've got too many disconnects .
Are we going to dismiss the five reports I just cited . "
Crocker acknowledged it was " beyond question " that " there is an enormous amount of dysfunctionality in Iraq , " but he said conditions there had improved since 2006 when the country " almost completely unraveled . "
Sen. John Kerry ( D - MA ) , another Vietnam veteran , warned that " we dare not repeat those mistakes " of continuing a war after officials realized success could not be achieved .
He said it was unfair to continue to ask US troops to sacrifice their lives if our policy could n't work , and he accused the witnesses of refusing to evaluate success by the same measures that were put forward when the surge began .
" Why are you moving the goal posts ? " Sen.
John Kerry ( D - MA ) asked the two witnesses .
Crocker stressed that security was necessary before progress could be achieved and stressed the any successes would be slow .
" Will it succeed ?
How fast will it succeed ?
In what form will it succeed ?
I do n't know , " he said .
Developing ...
The following video is from C - SPAN 's broadcast of General Petraeus testimony on September 11 , 2007
The following video is from C - SPAN's GENERAL PETRAEUS REPORT , broadcast on September 11 , 2007
The following video is from C - SPAN 's broadcast of General Petraeus ' testimony on September 11 , 2007
DIGG THIS
Please click here for the audio version of this article .
" Everything the state says is a lie and everything it has , it has stolen . " ~ Nietzsche , from Thus Spake Zarathustra
As of Tuesday , June 12 , 2007 , a Washington , DC not - for - profit named The Environmental Working Group ( EWG ) is hosting a website that lists all the people receiving federal farm aid .
As any regular reader of sites such as LRC would expect , more than a couple of people on this list of farm aid recipients are not exactly " needy . "
In fact the purpose of the group 's efforts is to shine a bright light on the number of " rich " people getting federal farm aid .
While exposing these gifts - to - the - non - needy is certainly a noble goal , not everyone is excited about the EWG and what they claim to be after .
That disclaimer about the EWG aside , the question with which we title this essay still seems pertinent .
In fact , this situation provides another example of one of the early " truths " that drove us inevitably toward radical libertarianism .
That truism is simply this : the State steals money and then gives it away stupidly .
( Nietzsche said it first , and better , but one would expect that . )
The real problem is that , as with almost any government program , the implementation of farm aid results in , shall we say , " improper " recipients .
For instance , it was recently revealed that almost three quarters of farm subsidies go to the richest 10 % of American farmers , and that the cost to the average American family was over $ 400 a year .
According to the Associated Press , the database , which was culled from information recently released by the United States Department of Agriculture , includes about 358,000 beneficiaries who received $ 9.8 billion in crop subsidy benefits between 2003 and 2005 .
( Not a bad payday for a rich non-farmer ! )
What we really wonder is this : is anyone surprised when people fall all over themselves vying for free cash ?
We 've long maintained that one should view federal funds like a large sow with many juicy , succulent teats and those who take the funds like greedy little pigs .
No one expects a little piggy to eschew a teat , right ?
For that matter , is there anyone who thinks the most able - bodied pigs would let the sickly ( read : under - represented , disadvantaged , etc. , assuming one can define those terms ) pigs suckle first ?
Of course not .
( Hell , were we pigs , we very likely would n't let any loser - pigs ahead of us either ! )
And so it goes .
Unexpected Consequences , As Expected
As you would naturally expect , the violence at the root of farm subsidies begets more violence .
In underdeveloped countries , locally - grown goods are often much more expensive than heavily - subsidized American imports .
Poor farmers are thus unable to compete — and , since these countries lack the capital and stability to compete in the manufacturing sector , destitute farmers have little choice but to turn to the government for employment , or crime for survival .
Thus the public sector swells , crime increases — and hey , whadaya you know , but here come the Americans with wonderful foreign aid packages .
These packages always seem to contain lots of fine print about buying US goods , hiring US companies , and purchasing US weapons , but no matter — there 's always a boatload of lovely greenbacks left over to line the pockets of local warlords !
This is how the cycle of violence escalates throughout the world .
US taxpayers are forced to subsidize domestic farmers ; foreign countries retaliate with tariffs ; the US government retaliates with counter - tariffs , which raises the price of goods for US citizens .
Undercut by subsidized US farm products , destitute foreign farmers turn to public - sector employment — or even more direct forms of criminality — and thus US taxpayers are further preyed upon to pay for foreign aid programs .
The proceeds of foreign aid programs are used by increasingly - despotic governments to repress their own citizens and buy more weapons from US manufacturers .
The resentment that foreigners feel towards the US government for destroying their local economies — not to mention their personal liberties — emerges as anti-American rhetoric ; the US government then inflates fears of terrorism , and further attacks its citizens to pay for additional " defense . "
Since they cannot profitably grow and sell " legitimate " crops , farmers in the Third World turn to the production of marijuana , heroin and other illegal drugs .
This drives the price of drugs down in the United States , causing increased consumption , which then further allows the government to attack its citizens on the grounds of the endless " war on ( some ) drugs " — as well as attack foreigners — by napalming poppy fields , overturning governments , or straight - on invasions .
Conclusion
The take - home message here is just as it always is when one examines the results of government intervention in the free market : money for those who do n't need it , violence for those who do n't deserve it , and more power for those who should n't have it , all financed with tax dollars .
Ironically , whenever this type of gubmint waste is identified , the response is almost always a hue and cry for more gubmint waste , via oversight , regulation , enforcement , etc .
One such magic bullet , offered as a sure - fire cure for not only things like rich people getting farm aid but also the " improper " application of social security payments , is means testing .
Call us ungrateful , but from where we sit means tests are just a methodology that allows those who stole our money to better spend it .
It 's analogous to the Sopranos hiring a financial planner for the protection money .
How about we go back to the beginning and let us just keep it ?
If a program with specious pedigree — like farm subsidies — can be depended upon to result in people like Texas oil billionaire Lee Bass and former NBA star Scottie Pippen getting a subsidy , the problem is n't lack of oversight .
The problem is that the program exists at all .
The problem , as always , is the initiation of violence .
In fact , from a libertarian perspective , the goals of the EWG in this regard seem to be all about seeking a more equitable distribution of farm subsidies , versus the real answer : stopping them altogether .
It 's as if they 're saying , " Let 's keep stealing , but let 's make sure we do it more accurately . "
No thanks .
Paying a farmer to not grow / grow a crop — outside the " pull " of the market — was stupid the first time some lobbyist thought of it .
Enough already .
The Best of Wilton Alston
This example uses Konrad Hinsen 's Molecular Modelling Toolkit ( MMTK ) to draw the insulin protein ( from a PDB file ) , with four predefined views ( big version ) :
I added the four coloured arrows to the 3D visualization to try to help orientate the viewer - this example would be nicer with a less globular protein , but I used this structure because MMTK includes it as an example input file .
The code shows how easily MMTK can produce a space filling model ( using Van der Waals radii spheres ) .
You can also produce Ball - and - Stick , protein backbone only , ...
The example also uses a VRML97 only feature known as " cameras " which allow pre-defined " viewpoints " to be defined - in this case the " front " , " left " , " back " and " right " views shown in the figure above .
VRML97 , aka VRML2 , is the second incarnation of the VRML file format , which stands for Virtual Reality Markup Language .
Since 1997 , VRML2 in turn has been superceded by the X3D standard .
I wrote this example to demonstrate some of the visualisation capabilities of MMTK , and it is included in MMTK as of version 2.5.1 ( or thereabouts ) .
You can also download it here :
vrml2_cameras_vdw.py - the python script
- the python script insulin.pdb - the protein structure input file
insulin_vrml97.wrl - VRML97 output file ( with four predefined viewpoints )
insulin_vrml.wrl - VRML output file ( without predefined viewpoints )
This screenshot shows the " front " viewpoint in a free ( but discountinued ) Windows VRML viewer , GLView 4.4 :
In any VRML viewer there should be some button or menu to switch between the predefined views , while of course the protein can also be freely rotated using the mouse .
Its just a one line change to switch from VRML97 to VRML , VPython ( Visual Python ) or VMD for output .
However , as these do n't support the camera feature you 'll also need to comment those bits out too .
Note that recent versions of VMD deal with colours very differently , which rather spoils the effect , as MMTK can no longer specify the colours to show .
e.g. Using VPython ( Visual Python ) :
You pass up the farm - raised sea bass in the supermarket fish department , and pay a premium for its wild cousin .
Are you getting your money 's worth , or was that " wild " fish actually raised on a fish farm and accidentally or intentionally mislabeled " Scientists in the United Kingdom are reporting development of a method to answer that question .
J. Gordon Bell and colleagues point out that European Union legislation requires that retailers and consumers have information on the geographical origin and production method for seafood .
" Due to the global nature of production , similar fish products can be sourced from variable points of origin , and this can lead to instances of mislabeling , both intentional and fraudulent , " their report states .
It is scheduled for the July 25 issue of ACS ' Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
Other considerations , aside from price , make it important to distinguish between wild and farmed fish , the report notes .
The new test is based on differences in composition of the fatty components found in farmed and wild fish .
The differences originate because farmed fish usually get a diet containing lower levels of marine - derived ingredients .
With tests done on 10 wild and 10 farmed sea bass , the researchers cite the need to verify the findings on larger samples of different fish .
Article : " Discrimination of Wild and Cultured European Sea Bass ( Dicentarchus labrax ) Using Chemical and Isotopic Analyses "
Brown rice is not only better for you , but it ’s better for the environment than white rice too .
So what ’s the difference ?
Rice goes through a variety of processes before it ’s ready for cooking .
After harvesting , the seeds are run through a rice huller / husker for milling to remove the outer grain husks .
After this process , you ’re left with brown rice .
Nice and simple .
To create white rice , there ’s added steps .
The germ and the inner husk ( bran ) is removed , the grain is then polished , usually using glucose or talc .
The crazy thing is that these added steps to turn brown rice to white remove nutrients that are sometimes then introduced back in via synthetic sources – this is called fortified white rice .
The same type of thing happens in brown bread vs. white bread scenario .
The loss of nutrients is broad and substantial .
Plain white rice has far less Vitamin E , Thiamin , Riboflavin , Niacin , Vitamin B6 , Folacin , Potassium , Magnesium , Iron and over dozen other nutrients .
Added to that , the dietary fiber contained in white rice is around a quarter of brown rice .
So , brown rice certainly appears to be more healthy , but where does the environmental benefit come from ?
It ’s basically down to processing – the less processing of a food , the less energy required .
There ’s also the issue of the synthetic vitamins added back in – produced in laboratories and factories from a variety of chemicals ; and these sorts of processes are well known for their negative impact on the environment .
If you ’re accustomed to white rice , making the switch to brown suddenly can cause a taste bud rebellion – it certainly did for me .
It ’s somewhat of an acquired taste for many people .
I suggest adding extra sauces to mask the “ wilder ” taste of brown rice for a while to allow your tastes to adjust .
Once you ’ve acquired a taste for brown rice , it ’s likely you ’ll never go back to white .
When you buy rice , because it keeps so well , try and buy in quantity to save on packaging .
The rice we buy comes in cloth bags which we ’ve put to very good use after finishing the contents .
Added notes :
A couple of readers have pointed out ( thanks by the way ! ) that uncooked brown rice does n’t keep for as long as white rice .
Stored in an airtight container , I ’m told brown rice will keep fresh for about six months .
Brown rice does take a little longer to cook than white rice , but the time is n’t much longer if you pre-soak the rice for a while and cook using the absorption method .
This is where you use less water and cover the pot , leaving very little excess water left by the time the rice has cooked – the steam generated using this method also helps speed up the cooking process .
John is a graduate student at Northeastern University ; Matthias is a professor at the College of Computer Science at Northeastern University ; Robert is an assistant professor of computer science at the University of Chicago ; Matthew is an assistant professor in the School of Computing at the University of Utah ; and Shriram is an assistant professor of computer science at Brown University .
They can be contacted at [ email protected ] , [ email protected ] , [ email protected ] , [ email protected ] , and [ email protected ] , respectively .
Programmers constantly design and implement little programming languages .
Some of those languages disappear under many layers of software .
Others help with repetitive tasks , may thus spread to colleagues , and even evolve into general - purpose languages over time .
Languages such as AWK , Make , Perl , bash , autoconf , and Tcl come to mind .
Programmers who wish to create a little language face a choice .
One possibility is to build the little language from scratchan option that involves building a lexer , parser , and interpreter .
The other possibility is to build the little language on top of an existing general - purpose language .
In this case , the little language shares the host language 's syntax ( variables , data , loops , functions ) where possible , its typechecker , interpreters and compilers , and perhaps other tools .
This kind of extension is often called " language embedding . "
Table 1 summarizes the salient differences between implementing a language " from scratch " in a language A , and the strategy of embedding a little language into an existing language B .
The implement - from - scratch strategy uses technology , while an embedding strategy reuses technology .
Table 1 also underscores a glaring problem for implementors of little languages .
If a programmer chooses to implement the new language from scratch , there is no programming environment .
If the new language is embedded , the existing IDE for the language may also work for the little language , but it probably wo n't understand the language in its own right .
We have worked with embedding little languages into host languages for several years .
Our effort consists of two related projects .
The first project is to develop a host language into which programmers can easily embed other little languages and where they might even compose such little languages .
Our inspirations , in this case , are Lisp 's and Scheme 's macro mechanisms , which have been used for decades to create small languages for specific problem domains .
The second project involves creating a programming environment that easily adapts to embedded little languages .
Emacs is a primitive example of what we have in mind , but modern IDEs offer far more than Emacs .
In addition to an editor , an IDE nowadays offers tools that help programmers understand a program 's properties .
For example , an environment may provide syntax coloring , an integrated test coverage checker , a debugger , and a stepper .
Ideally , the tools of the host environment should seamlessly work for programs in the embedded little language and for programs that contain and compose little language programs .
In this article , we show how such an IDE might work , what it means for a programming environment to adapt itself to a little language , and how this works for the specific example of a small XML processing language .
Processing XML
Almost everyone in the IT world is at least vaguely familiar with XML .
Entire industries , organizations , and individual programmers are already using XML in many applications .
Moreover , a fair number of competing committees are working on languages for processing XML .
Naturally , programmers want to integrate XML and XML - processing tools directly into their programs , and their programming environments should support this integration .
At first glance , XML documents are similar to HTML documents .
Elements may be either character data or tags ( optionally annotated with an attribute list ) enclosing a list of zero or more XML elements .
On a deeper level , XML consists of two related parts a concrete syntax and an abstract syntax .
Listing
One is an example of the concrete syntax and Figure 1 is its corresponding abstract syntax tree .
Sublanguages of XML are specified using schemas ( or other means ) .
A schema defines the set of valid tags , their possible attributes , and the constraints on the XML elements appearing between a pair of tags .
A schema for the newspaper article language from Listing One appears in Listing Two .
This schema specifies , among other things , that the header field must contain a title and author .
The ability to specify XML languages explicitly using schemas most clearly separates XML and HTML .
XML documents are data .
To use this data , programmers write programs that accept and manipulate the data .
Such programs may just search XML documents or may render them in a different format .
For instance , a newspaper may wish to render an article stored in an XML - structured database ( as in Listing One ) as a web page ( see Listing Three ) or in a typesetting system .
On the surface , processing XML data appears to be a tedious process , involving the design and implementation of lexers and parsers .
But below their surface syntax , many XML expressions are basically just trees .
Each node is either character data or a tagged node containing a set of attributes and a set of subtrees .
Once you strip away the concrete syntax and focus on the essence of XML 's structure , the tree becomes obvious , and processing trees becomes the essence of XML processing .
One way to help programmers write programs for processing XML is to provide them with notations for writing down XML transformations as tree transformations .
S-XML
We believe that XML processing can benefit from a " little " language for tree transformations .
Furthermore , if you embed this language rather than build it from scratch , programmers can use the little language to develop small programs and can compose " little programs " using the host language .
Indeed , you can escape from the little language and use the host language to process XML if the little language proves too inefficient or too cumbersome for a specific problem .
We 've created such a little language in Scheme called " S - XML . "
Scheme is well suited for this purpose because its data language makes it easy to create and process XML - like trees .
Specifically , S - XML represents XML elements with S - expressions .
Otherwise , S - XML is like every other little embedded language .
It consists of a ( small ) number of special forms ( syntax ) and some auxiliary functions ( the runtime ) .
Scheme provides the rest of S - XML 's functionality , including function definition , function application , iteration , loops , and the like .
S -XML supports three special forms : xml and lmx for creating XML elements , and xml - match for writing down pattern - based tree transformations .
In addition , the language also provides a notation for schemas so that you can express XML language specifications .
An XML document may specify a footer for use in an HTML rendering .
A naive translation would represent such information as a string , like this :
" < center > page number < em>3</em ></center > "
Naturally , such a string fails to capture the tree structure of the document .
Every procedure that operates on this data must parse the string all over again , which makes it difficult to abstract over XML transformations .
S-XML uses trees instead , so that the footer information is represented as :
( xml ( center " page number " ( em " 3 " ) ) )
Within the form ( xml ... ) , each nested subexpression is taken to describe an XML element .
Just as double - quotes are used in many languages to denote literal data , ( xml ... ) is used to denote XML literals .
XML elements may also contain attributes .
The xml form permits the addition of attributes to elements .
These attributes appear as an optional ( parenthesized ) list immediately following the tag name .
Thus , an element such as :
< body bgcolor = " BLUE " > ... </ body >
would be written as :
( xml ( body ( ( bgcolor " BLUE " ) ) ... ) )
With xml , you can construct large constants , but what you really need are mechanisms for constructing constants with holes that are filled with computed values .
S- XML , therefore , supports the lmx construct , which lets you compute a portion of an XML tree .
For example , you may wish to specify the footer of a page relative to a page number :
;; Number -> XML ( define ( make - footer page - number ) ( xml ( center " page number : " ( em ( lmx ( number - > string page - number ) ) ) ) ) )
The lmx form evaluates its subexpression and splices the result into the XML tree in place of the entire lmx - expression .
Here , it converts the given page - number into a string and places this string into an < em > element .
Now that you know constructs for building XML trees , you can switch your attention to tree processing .
Following a long - standing tradition , S - XML supports pattern - oriented tree processing .
Specifically , it provides xml - match with which S - XML programmers can easily specify a conditional that matches XML patterns and returns XML data .
Take a look at the function definition in Listing Four .
This function consumes an article element and produces an < html > element .
The transformation is specified with xml - match , which matches the function 's sole argument against a pattern that looks just like an xml data element in S - XML .
The difference is that the pattern may also contain lmx - designated pattern variables that is , title - string .
As in other pattern - matching notations , a pattern variable matches everything and represents what it matches .
A pattern such as ( text ( lmx - splice body - text ) ) matches a < text > element that contains a sequence of elements , and the entire sequence is bound to body - text .
When lmx - splice is used for the output , a sequence bound to a pattern variable is spliced into the output .
Each pattern - matching clause in xml - match contains a result in addition to the pattern .
The result is another xml data element that contains pattern variables .
In the result part of a clause , the pattern variables represent what they matched if the match succeeded .
For example , if render is applied to an S - XML representation of the XML element in Listing One , then title - string stands for " Not an Article " in the result expression of the first clause .
Similarly , body - text stands for the sequence of words " This , " " is , " " not , " and so on .
Building S-XML
The core of every little language is a library of functions and data structures .
In fact , for some tasks such a domain - specific library is a complete solution to the language - design problem .
For many problem statements , however , a library - based language is not enough .
There are just too many important language forms that cannot be implemented as ordinary functions .
Among these are shortcuts for creating structured data ( for example , xml and lmx ) , language forms that introduce variable bindings ( such as xml - match ) , and language forms that affect the flow of control ( xml - match again ) .
Creating new language forms is outside the scope of most programming languages .
At a minimum , it requires the ability to translate new notation into the core of the language .
But as C macros demonstrate , this is not enough .
It simply does n't suffice to think of new notations as strings ; the translator must gracefully die on syntax ( and other S - XML ) errors and report them in an informative manner .
This , in turn , requires some integration with the parser and a notation for rewriting parse trees .
LISP introduced a compromise solution , which Scheme adapted in several steps over the past 20 years .
Consider a form such as ( xml ( center " page " ) ) .
If you wish to represent a < center > element as a record with three fields one for a tag , one for the attributes , and one for the text sequence then the correct translation into Scheme is :
( list ' center ( list ) ( list " page " ) )
Roughly speaking , macros are specified with just such rules , by ( abstract ) example .
Naturally , translating xml is n't quite that simple .
The translator must also recognize embedded lmx expressions , as in this term :
( xml ( center " page " ( lmx the - page ) " of 8 ) " ) )
Here , we expect to find this translation :
( make - center ( list ) ( list " page " the - page " of 8 " ) )
That is , when xml finds an embedded lmx , it splices lmx 's subexpression into the proper expression context .
Listing Five is an S - XML module for xml , lmx , and xml - match as presented in this article .
To use it , enter ( require ( file " ....xml-lmx.ss " ) ) where " .... " is the full path to the file .
Alternatively , you can put the file in the directory where you start DrScheme , and just use ( require " xml-lmx.ss " ) .
Little Environments
Once you have an embedded implementation for a little language , you should think about what kind of support programmers may desire from the existing programming environment .
For example , if the environment performs some syntax coloring for the host language ( say , distinguishing variables from keywords ) , then the embedded language should also benefit from this tool .
Specifically , variables in the embedded language should be colored like variables in the host language , and so on .
Similarly , if the host language supports systematic variable naming or variable binding diagrams , programs in the embedded language should be able to use variable renaming or variable binding diagrams , too .
Better still , if the program in the embedded language refers to some surrounding host program and vice versa , then the environment should be able to trace variable bindings back and forth between the two programs .
Ideally , most of the tool support should come from the existing environment without any additional support from the language implementor .
But this is too much to ask for , given the current status of IDEs .
The best we can hope for is that an embedded language benefits from most tools in the surrounding IDE and that the extensions to the IDE can be kept to a minimum .
Using DrSchemeour home - grown environment this is now almost a reality .
DrScheme
DrScheme ( http://www.drscheme.org/) is a graphical IDE for Scheme that runs on most major platforms ( UNIX , Linux , Mac OS X , and Windows ) .
Originally targeting beginning students , our goal with DrScheme was to provide a simple , easy - to - use IDE without the plethora of buttons , menus , tools , and other accessories of professional IDEs .
Along the way , the environment has grown up and has become a useful tool for many Scheme programmers without losing its simple interface .
The core environment ( Figure 2 ) consists of two panes and a simple toolbar with four buttons .
One pane is an editor ; the other is an interactions window .
As in most modern IDEs , the editor is graphical and syntax aware .
" Graphical " means that pictures are plain values , just like numbers or strings .
" Syntax aware " means that the editor indents properly on return and visually matches parentheses , moving from a closing to the corresponding opening parentheses and gray - shading the code between them .
As Figure 2 shows , the editor also colors keywords , variables , literal constants , and so on in different colors .
The interactions pane ( or window ) is a Lisp - style listener .
It waits for programmers to type in complete expressions ( or statements ) , then evaluates them .
If the evaluation terminates and has a visible result , the listener prints this result and waits for the next input .
Programmers can evaluate the definitions and expressions from the editor with a click on the Execute button in the toolbar .
The other three buttons in the toolbar provide additional functionality :
Break terminates the evaluation in the interactions window .
Step invokes the stepper on the definitions and expressions in the editor .
In contrast to conventional debuggers or steppers , DrScheme 's stepper displays the steps of a program execution as if it were algebra homework for an eighth grader .
Figure 3 displays some of the evaluation steps for a function that searches a list of records .
The stepper is the most popular tool among high - school teachers who use DrScheme for introductory programming courses .
Check Syntax analyzes the code in the definitions window syntactically , colors it properly , and allows programmers to explore the lexical regions ( scope ) of the program .
Figure 4 illustrates how programmers can use the information from the syntax checker to create arrows that show all bound occurrences of a function parameter or to rename a function parameter systematically .
In addition to these basic tools , DrScheme provides a module browser for navigating the modules and libraries of a program , a contour outline for navigating the content of an individual module , a test - suite manager , an expression coverage checker that highlights those parts of the code in the editor that are not executed by the test suite ( this tool is always turned on for students ) , a performance profiler that colors expressions according to their execution intensity , a static debugger for analyzing potential violations of basic invariants , and a conventional debugger .
The conventional debugger and some other experimental tools are still under development .
An Environment for S-XML
Most of DrScheme 's tools work with embedded little languages without any modification .
Since an embedded little language in Scheme is just another parenthesized language , the core editor almost immediately copes with programs in the new language .
To get the indentation depth correct , you must tell DrScheme about the new keywords and their indentation depth in a preference dialog .
The syntax coloring ( at the moment ) does n't recognize the new keywords , though this is , in principle , possible and is a work in progress .
Similarly , other tools work if they do n't need to understand the full meaning of the constructs in the embedded language .
Consider xml-match , which introduces pattern variables and binds them to values in patterns and result expressions .
Check Syntax , which lets you browse such variable bindings and rename them systematically , deals with these new constructs in a completely transparent manner .
For example , Figure 5 shows how the syntax checker can draw arrows from the pattern variables to their uses and how you can rename one of them .
DrScheme tools that need to understand the full meaning of S - XML , however , must be adapted manually .
The stepper is a primary example for such a tool .
Figure 6 shows the stepper 's actions for an application of render to an < article > element .
While the S - XML programs are translated to plain Scheme programs , a symbolic stepper must display the execution steps as if they had taken place at the source level .
Since the stepper works on plain Scheme programs , it must uncompile intermediate execution stages into S - XML programs , which the stepper as - is ( naturally ) cannot do .
Put differently , the stepper needs additional hints so that it can uncompile intermediate execution stages into source code .
At the moment , hints for the stepper ( and other semantic tools , such as the static debugger and the symbolic , dynamic debugger ) must come from the S - XML designer .
In this particular case , the stepper must become aware of xml and lmx because they build values in the little language .
Conversely , a stepper must be able to display intermediate steps of the processes that construct XML values piece by piece .
To add this knowledge , we currently extend semantics - based tools by hand .
One of our research objectives is to find out whether these extensions can be specified with little languages , too .
Visual Support for S-XML
On occasion , a little language such as S - XML spreads and many programmers start to use it .
At that point , it often makes sense to extend the IDE for the host language with tools that are targeted to the little language .
In this particular case , we added XML text boxes for visualizing xml and Scheme text boxes for visualizing lmx .
Figure 7 shows an S - XML program that uses XML and Scheme boxes .
The figure also shows how such boxes are ( almost automatically ) integrated with other DrScheme tools , such as Check Syntax and the program contour browser ( on the right ) .
The initial implementation of visual support for S - XML took one day .
Although the majority of the functionality was added on that day , minor refinements occurred over the following months , perhaps totaling another day or two of concentrated effort .
It currently consists of about 800 lines of code .
This is the largest extension for S - XML besides the stepper .
Figure 8 illustrates how the visual support for S - XML is integrated with the stepper .
This preliminary screenshot shows a step in the evaluation of an xml article whose title is supplied at runtime .
Conclusion
A programming language 's environment affects how useful the language is to programmers .
This is true for mainstream languages as well as little languages .
Indeed , for the latter , providing a good development environment may be a major factor to its success .
To understand what it takes to turn the environment for a host language into an environment for a little language , we have begun a multiyear research effort to expand DrScheme to DrX where X is any little language .
This article shows how much can already be done automatically for a little XML language .
We are now testing DrX for other little languagesone for dealing with plots , another for dealing with timed expressions and we 're hoping to prove that building and offering adaptable IDEs is not just a dream .
DDJ
< article > < header > < title > Not an Article < / title > < author >
John Clements </ author > </ header > < text >
This is not a newspaper article .
But if it was , this is where the article 's text would be .
</ text > </article >
Back to Article
< schema > < element name = " header " > < sequence > < element - ref name = " title " /> < element - ref name = " author " /> </ sequence > </element > < element name= " body " > < mixed > < pcdata /> < mixed /> </element > < element name = " article " > < sequence > < element - ref name = " header " /> < element - ref name= " body " /> </ sequence > </ element > </ schema >
Back to Article
< html > < head >< title >
Not an Article < / title ></head > < body > < center >< h1 > Not an Article < / h1 > by John Clements </ center > < spacer type=" vertical " size = " 20 " > < p > This is not a newspaper article .
But if it was , this is where the article 's text would be .
</ p> </body > </html >
Back to Article
; ; XML[ article ] -> XML [ html ] ( define ( render xml- article ) ( xml- match ; TO BE MATCHED : xml- article [ ; PATTERN 1 : ( article ( header ( title ( lmx title - string ) ) ( author ( lmx author - string ) ) ) ( text ( lmx - splice body - text ) ) ) ; RESULT 1 : ( xml ( html ( head ( title ( lmx title - string ) ) ) ( body ( p ( center ( h1 ( lmx title - string ) ) ) ( center ( lmx author - string ) ) ( spacer {( type " vertical " ) ( size " 20 " ) } ) ( lmx - splice body - text ) ) ) ) ) ] [ ; PATTERN 2 : ( article ( lmx- splice any ) ) ; RESULT 2 : ( error ' render " ill - formed xml-article " ) ] ) )
Back to Article
( module xml - lmx mzscheme ( require ( lib " match.ss " ) ) ( provide xml xml- match ) ( define - syntax ( xml stx ) ( letrec ( [ process - xexpr ( lambda ( xexpr ) ( syntax - case xexpr ( lmx lmx - splice ) [ ( lmx- splice unquoted ) # `( unquote - splicing unquoted ) ] [ ( lmx unquoted ) # `( unquote unquoted ) ] [ ( tag ( [ attr val ] ... ) . sub-xexprs ) ( identifier ? # `tag ) # `( tag ( [ attr val ] ... ) # , @( map process - xexpr ( syntax -> list # `sub - xexprs ) ) ) ] [ ( tag . sub-xexprs ) ( identifier ? # `tag ) # `( tag ( ) # , @( map process - xexpr ( syntax -> list # `sub - xexprs ) ) ) ] [ str ( string ? ( syntax -e #`str ) ) xexpr ] ) ) ] ) ( syntax - case stx ( ) [ ( _ xexpr ) # `( quasiquote # , ( process - xexpr # `xexpr ) ) ] ) ) ) ( define - syntax ( xml - match stx ) ( letrec ( [ process - xexpr ( lambda ( xexpr ) ( syntax - case xexpr ( lmx lmx - splice ) [ ( lmx- splice unquoted ) # `( unquote - splicing ( unquoted ( ... ... ) ) ) ] [ ( lmx unquoted ) # `( unquote unquoted ) ] [ ( tag ( [ attr val ] ... ) . sub-xexprs ) ( identifier ? # `tag ) # `( tag ( [ attr val ] ... ) # , @( map process - xexpr ( syntax -> list # `sub - xexprs ) ) ) ] [ ( tag . sub-xexprs ) ( identifie r? # `tag ) # `( tag ( ) # , @( map process - xexpr ( syntax -> list # `sub - xexprs ) ) ) ] [ str ( string ? ( syntax -e #`str ) ) xexpr ] ) ) ] ) ( syntax - case stx ( ) [ ( _ matched ( pat rhs ) ... ) ( with - syntax ( [( pattern ... ) ( map process - xexpr ( syntax - > list # `( pat ... ) ) ) ] )
# `( match matched ( ( quasiquote pattern ) rhs ) ... ) ) ] ) ) ) )
Back to Article
Okay , here ’s an idea for the beginners that can make face painting a little easier , and a little less daunting if you ’re not completely confident with painting free hand .
You can use face painting stencils to paint faces with ease .
This is a great face painting idea to begin with but keep practising your free hand paintings , people prefer the more unique designs , and so will you once you become a more confident face painter !
To Make Face Painting Stencils You Will Need the Following :
• A craft knife .
• A piece of acetate or stiff plastic .
• A printout of the stencil design ( you can draw / sketch on a piece of paper this if you want )
• A cutting board ( or a hard surface to cut the stencil out )
• Tape .
Step 1 : Design your stencil design by either finding one online and printing it out of drawing one of your own .
Try to stick to something simple as the surface area ( a child ’s face ) is quite small and will most likely move while you paint them !
Step 2 : Use some tape to stick down the printout ( or your sketch ) of the stencil design to the piece of acetate along the edges .
Make sure that the stencil design is a sensible size for a child ’s cheek .
Step 3 : Using a sharp craft knife start carefully cut out the stencil .
Make sure to always wash stencil after use , never use an unwashed stencil on somebody , it may cause skin irritations or allergic reactions .
And that ’s all there is to it !
If you have any other ideas for face painting stencils , leave a comment and share your idea 🙂
Or if you could n’t be bothered making your own , or you just do n’t have the time , you could just purchase body art stencils .
Happy Face Painting ,
Philadelphia Tivoli
www.FacePaintingTips.com
The White House had said that Mr. Bush would wield his veto pen shortly after 6 p.m. Eastern time , following his return from Tampa , Fla. , where he took part in a conference of the Central Command , which oversees United States military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
“ Everyone in this room knows the consequences of failure in Iraq , ” Mr. Bush said at the conference , “ and then we should also appreciate the consequences of success , because we ’ve seen them before . ”
Look to Germany and Japan , once America ’s mortal enemies but now its allies , he said .
Image Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi signed the Iraq Supplemental Conference Report and sent it to President Bush Tuesday .
Credit ... Yuri Gripas / Reuters
“ These are difficult times , ” Mr. Bush said .
“ These are tough times .
These are the times that test the resolve of free people . ”
Democrats have been saying for months that the “ free people ” voted last November for a change of course in Iraq , and they pressed the attack today .
“ Today is the fourth anniversary of what I consider to be one of the most shameful episodes in American history , ” said Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York , a Democratic candidate for president .
“ Never before in our history has a president said ‘ mission accomplished ’ when the mission had barely begun . ”
Representative Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , chairman of the House Democratic Caucus , said : “ In the four years since the president claimed ‘ mission accomplished ’ in Iraq , America has lost thousands of young lives and spent hundreds of billions of dollars . ”
The White House quickly pointed out that Mr. Bush never spoke the words “ mission accomplished ” in his speech .
Rather , they were displayed on a banner aboard the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Abraham Lincoln , where Mr. Bush landed shortly after the Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein was toppled by the American - led invasion .
Decline to show your ID the next time someone demands it – and stand your ground .
Ask to see the law that requires you to show your ID .
See just what happens .
Inform yourself , by personal experience , about your society and your country .
Oppose state laws that would cause your state to join the AAMVA [… ]
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Pilar Albarado spent five months after September 11 , 2001 , cleaning pulverized building material from apartment buildings and offices near the site of the World Trade Center .
A chronic cough came two years later , and she is also battling asthma , memory loss and acid reflux .
Firemen work around the World Trade Center after both towers collapsed in New York on September 11 , 2001 .
Pilar Albarado spent five months after September 11 , 2001 , cleaning pulverized building material from apartment buildings and offices near the site of the World Trade Center .
A chronic cough came two years later , and she is also battling asthma , memory loss and acid reflux .
REUTERS / Peter Morgan
Only now , almost six years after the attacks , is the extent of the medical toll on firefighters , police and others who worked on the cleanup coming to light , along with questions about how much the government knew of the danger .
Albarado , 44 , cannot work because of her medical problems .
Her acid reflux is so bad she can not eat most foods .
She is being treated at the recently opened World Trade Center health clinic at Bellevue Hospital , but she said the medicines they give her do little to help .
“ Our problems will be with us for life , ” she said during a protest outside congressional offices in June .
“ I will never be the same . ”
SICKENING DUST
Democrats in Congress say Albarado is one of thousands of people endangered when the Bush Administration knowingly played down the risks posed by the dust , which contained asbestos , lead and other contaminants .
Inhalation of dust - laden air has been implicated in at least two deaths -- from lung inflammation and scarring -- and connected to the respiratory illnesses and even cancers of thousands working and living within miles of Ground Zero , according to medical studies .
Mount Sinai Medical Center researchers found 69 percent of the nearly 10,000 first responders they examined had new or worsened lung problems after September 11 , while doctors at New York University School of Medicine documented these problems in lower Manhattan residents .
The Bellevue program is currently treating more than 1,300 such patients , and others are on a waiting list .
Researchers are still working to understand the long - term effects of these exposures and how psychological distress from the event might contribute to physical problems .
“ We ’re finding that there are respiratory problems that are persisting well beyond what we anticipated -- considering people were exposed six years ago , ” said Alison Geyh at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore .
“ The question is why . ”
The World Trade Center Health Registry , which includes more than 71,000 directly exposed New York City residents and workers , will track their physical and mental health for up to 20 years and may provide some answers , Geyh said in a telephone interview .
CLEARING THE AIR
Jerrold Nadler , a New York Democratic who headed a House of Representatives hearing on the issue in June , said the Environmental Protection Agency issued falsely reassuring statements about air safety and asbestos levels .
This led first responders to work with inadequate protective equipment and New Yorkers to return to “ homes , schools and workplaces that had not been properly tested . ”
Congressional Democrats also faulted the EPA for failing to meet its clean - up responsibilities .
Then Environment Secretary Christie Whitman told the congressional hearings she did not regret her comments , nor her role in reopening Manhattan workplaces on September 17 .
She added that she acted on the scientific information she had been given at the time .
“ I will believe the scientists when they tell me what is safe to breathe , ” Whitman said .
But according to Geyh , who was at Ground Zero collecting environmental hazard data immediately after the attacks , the complicated circumstances did not warrant such early assurances .
An August 2003 report by the EPA ’s inspector general found that some of these statements were made without scientific evidence , and also implicated the White House in mitigating health warnings .
Earlier this year , a federal judge ruled that Whitman knowingly lied to New York residents about their health risks .
The case is now under appeal .
When Richard Lane suddenly fell unconscious while driving his Saab one Friday lunchtime in Kent , it was eerily appropriate that he ended up in a cemetery .
The 1997 crash left the car a write - off and him with two broken vertebrae at the base of his spine .
' I was incredibly lucky .
The police told me I should have been dead , ' he recalls .
The father - of - two had fallen asleep at the wheel while suffering a hypoglycaemic attack caused by his blood sugar level dropping dangerously low .
It 's a situation with which the 250,000 Britons suffering from type 1 diabetes are familiar .
Such attacks are one of the complications of this chronic , sometimes fatal and increasingly common disease .
Lane is lucky .
He is one of just 12 people in Britain who have received a pioneering treatment called islet cell transplantation which he credits with giving him something close to a second stab at life .
The 63 - year - old was the third person to have the operation , and the first to banish his insulin dependency as a result .
Soon up to 80 type 1 diabetics could benefit from the same innovation - which leading doctors hope may ultimately let all 250,000 people with the disease become insulin - free .
Lane 's diabetes consultant , Professor Stephanie Amiel of King 's College Hospital in south London , and a consortium of five other specialists from hospitals in London , Oxford , Bristol , Manchester and Newcastle , have spent years exploring the potential of islet cell transplantation .
They are now asking the NHS to fund the £ 70,000 - a- patient treatment - and make Britain a world leader in this field .
Health Secretary Alan Johnson is due to decide before Christmas .
After success with the dozen patients treated so far - nine have not suffered a major ' hypo ' since receiving islet cells taken from donated pancreases , and some have gone a year without needing to inject themselves with insulin - the doctors and hospitals have submitted a joint bid to the National Commissioning Group , an NHS body which advises health ministers whether to fund new , breakthrough treatments .
They want the Department of Health to finance the creation of a network of six hospitals across England where people such as Lane can get this treatment , and thus regain a normal life .
The signs are good .
Dr Sue Roberts , the government 's diabetes ' tsar ' , is backing the bid .
Officials at the NCG have helped ensure a strong bid .
And Ministers are aware that diabetes is a growing , and hugely costly , problem .
Most diabetics get warning signs of an approaching hypoglycaemic attack - sweating , feeling shaky , tingling in the lips , going pale , heart pounding , confusion and irritability .
But Lane , from Bromley , south east London , was among the one in four type 1 diabetics who get little or no prior notice .
As he reached for the Lucozade in his glove compartment to stave off the attack with an instant sugar hit , he drifted off into a coma in a few seconds , aware what was happening but unable to do anything .
His foot slipped from the brake pedal on to the accelerator .
The car veered off to the right , hit a fence and bounced into the air before landing in the graveyard .
' Hypoglycaemic attacks can be quite dangerous , ' says Lane .
' You become literally helpless unless you have time to correct the situation ; if you do n't correct it , you end up unconscious .
Uncorrected attacks kill people . '
That 's why type 1 sufferers always keep fizzy drinks , chocolate or energy tablets close by .
Their bodies have stopped producing any insulin naturally so they need to inject it to control their blood sugar level , but too much can cause the level to fall too low .
At the time of the crash Lane was having about six attacks a week .
They would cause him to temporarily lose his eyesight , stop being able to feel his feet or go into a coma .
But today , 32 years after being diagnosed with diabetes , he no longer has to worry .
The retired senior accountant received 1.25 million islet cells extracted from the pancreas of an organ donor and transplanted in three procedures between September 2004 and January 2005 .
Afterwards
Lane enjoyed about 12 months in which he no longer had to maintain his tediously , necessarily strict regime of injecting himself with insulin five times a day to maintain a healthy blood glucose level .
For type 1 diabetics , that represents exciting liberation .
In January 2006 , he had to resume taking some insulin , though only about half his previous dose .
Such are the realities of keeping at bay a disease formerly known as ' juvenile onset diabetes ' because it is often diagnosed between the ages of 10 and 14 .
It reduces sufferers ' life expectancy by about 20 years , kills between 500 and over 2,000 people a year and dominates the lives of all who have it .
The much more common form of diabetes , type 2 , has 1.9 million sufferers and claims far more lives .
The charity Diabetes UK estimates that together they are Britain 's fifth - biggest killer , bringing premature death for up to 33,000 people a year .
The number of people diagnosed as having either type is rising .
While the transplants did not work in three patients , the 75 per cent success rate , albeit on a limited number of patients , has led doctors to believe the technique could revolutionise the management of type 1 diabetes and , in time , stop it wrecking the lives of not just those suffering from it but also their family and friends , whose knowledge and intervention when an attack strikes can be crucial .
' Islet cell transplantation has completely transformed my and my family 's life , ' says Lane .
' Afterwards I was able to start eating what I liked again for the first time since I 'd been diagnosed .
And I could exercise again after years of not being able to play sports as much as I wanted .
I 've got all my energy back .
I no longer have hypoglycaemic attacks or comas , as I had previously done at work , home , a squash club , a business dinner , Geneva airport - or in the car .
' But the greatest thrill to me is that my wife Paula , son Simon and daughter Rachel can now live their lives without constantly worrying that I might be ill at any moment - and be ill enough to die from it .
That was a real threat . '
Each of his operations lasted about an hour with just a local anaesthetic plus some sedatives .
' It 's like sophisticated keyhole surgery , ' he says .
His operations were done by a team of radiologists and liver transplant surgeons at King 's College Hospital .
They used a procedure commonly deployed when repairing someone 's liver to drip the islet cells from the donated pancreas into a vein to the liver .
It is a surprisingly simple way of tackling an unforgiving disease , and far less risky and more convenient than the alternative of transplanting a whole pancreas , if one is available .
Amiel lists the potential consequences of hypoglycaemic attacks : coma , fits , driving licences taken away because sufferers cause crashes , an inability to do certain jobs due to ' funny turns ' , a parent 's inability to look after their children , marital break - ups caused by the constant stress and even violence .
She recalls how one female patient suffered an attack while chopping vegetables , lost control and injured her husband , who needed 60 stitches .
' The reason for doing this is that you can stop hypoglycaemia dead ' , says Amiel .
That is a huge breakthrough .
But the doctors have bigger ambitions : ' The ultimate goal would be that we could treat diabetes with cell therapy rather than with insulin so people who have type 1 would n't have to take injections and worry about long - term medical risks .
Islet cell transplantation could ultimately replace insulin in the next 10 - 15 years , ' says Amiel .
Research in Britain into human islet transplantation began in the Nineties but was wound up when initial results were not promising .
However , breakthroughs by Canadian doctors encouraged Amiel and others to try again .
More than £ 400,000 has been spent so far , much of it from Diabetes UK , to get this far .
Type 1 diabetes is on the rise , especially among the under - fives .
Professor Polly Bingley of Bristol University believes children 's lack of exposure to infection , which is also blamed for the rise in asthma and allergies , may be the cause .
Growing pollution , changes in children 's food intake and the fall in breast feeding may also be factors , according to Bingley .
The results of the pioneering treatment Lane and the other patients have had could have profound implications for future generations for whom , experts say , both forms of diabetes will be a growing problem .
Now , say the researchers , it is time for the NHS to help the thousands of type 1 diabetics who get little warning of their hypoglycaemic attacks by giving them access to a treatment that could let them live normal lives .
' It 's make - or - break time for islet cell transplantation in the UK , ' says Dr James Shaw of Newcastle University .
' If it does n't get funding it 's impossible to see how anyone else can be transplanted because there is n't any money otherwise . '
Courtney Love appears on the cover of celebrity photographer Dave LaChapelle ’s new coffee table book , Heaven To Hell , cradling a skinny look - alike of her late husband , Kurt Cobain , in an image that mimics Mary holding Jesus after his crucifixion .
Love ’s blue dress is gathered to suggest Mary ’s robes and Cobain lies limp on his back with track marks in his arms that are suggestive of Jesus ’ wounds .
The picture is typical of LaChapelle , who uses sets , costumes , and perfect lighting to achieve provocative and highly stylized images .
Cobain died in suspicious circumstances in 1994 .
He was found with what was ruled a self - inflicted gunshot wound to the head , but also had more heroin in his system than it is believed he could have self - injected .
Some claim that the details of Kurt ’s death suggest that Courtney conspired to murder him with the help of Michael Dewitt , the Cobain ’s male nanny .
( See , all mannies are n’t benevolent .
Here ’s Kurt Cobain ’s suicide letter vs. Google Adsense . ) [ via ]
This image is gorgeous and is meant to invite controversy .
I do n’t find it offensive so much as in poor taste .
Assuming that Cobain committed suicide , would you pose with a look - alike of your dead husband – in a pose that suggests he ’s dying ?
Then again , Courtney does n’t really give a shit because she does a lot of things that people would find offensive .
At least she ’s somewhat sober now .
David LaChappelle ’s book is “ coming soon , ” according to his website .
May 11 , 2007
Secretary Paulson ,
I am contacting you in light of the document sent to me dated May 2 , 2007 , which was received May 7 , 2007 indicating that an investigation has been opened up with regards to a trip I took to Cuba with a group of Americans that included some 9/11 heroes in March 2007 related to the filming of my next documentary , on the American Healthcare system .
SiCKO , which will be seen in theaters this summer , will expose the health care industry ’s greed and control over America ’s political processes .
I believe that the decision to conduct this investigation represents the latest example of the Bush Administration abusing the federal government for raw , crass , political purposes .
Over the last seven years of the Bush Presidency , we have seen the abuse of government to promote a political agenda designed to benefit the conservative base of the Republican Party , special interests and major financial contributors .
From holding secret meetings for the energy industry to re-writing science findings to cooking the books on intelligence to the firing of U.S. Attorneys , this Administration has shown time and time again that it will abuse its power and authority .
There are a number of specific facts that have led me to conclude that politics could very well be driving this Bush Administration investigation of me and my film .
First , the Bush Administration has been aware of this matter for months ( since October 2006 ) and never took any action until less than two weeks before SiCKO is set to premiere at the Cannes Film Festival and a little more than a month before it is scheduled to open in the United States .
Second , the health care and insurance industry , which is exposed in the movie and has expressed concerns about the impact of the movie on their industries , is a major corporate underwriter of President George W. Bush and the Republican Party , having contributed over $ 13 million to the Bush presidential campaign in 2004 and more than $ 180 million to Republican candidates over the last two campaign cycles .
It is well documented that the industry is very concerned about the impact of SiCKO .
They have threatened their employees if they talk to me .
They have set up special internal crises lines should I show up at their headquarters .
Employees have been warned about the consequences of participating in SiCKO .
Despite this , some employees , at great risk to themselves , have gone on camera to tell the American people the truth about the health care industry .
I can understand why that industry 's main recipient of its contributions -- President Bush -- would want to harass , intimidate and potentially prevent this film from having its widest possible audience .
And , third , this investigation is being opened in the wake of misleading attacks on the purpose of the Cuba trip from a possible leading Republican candidate for president , Fred Thompson , a major conservative newspaper , The New York Post , and various right wing blogs .
For five and a half years , the Bush administration has ignored and neglected the heroes of the 9/11 community .
These heroic first responders have been left to fend for themselves , without coverage and without care .
I understand why the Bush administration is coming after me -- I have tried to help the very people they refuse to help , but until George W. Bush outlaws helping your fellow man , I have broken no laws and I have nothing to hide .
I demand that the Bush Administration immediately end this investigation and spend its time and resources trying to support some of the real heroes of 9/11 .
Sincerely ,
Michael Moore
-- Unfortunately , I wo n't be able to stick around to answer questions this time ( SiCKO premieres at Cannes next Saturday and my schedule is crazy ) but I want to be sure you know where I stand .
I hope you will stand with me .
Thank you for your support and I promise to return again soon for a more involved chat .
MM
Design activities certainly do take up time and effort , but they payoff because they make it easier to evolve the software into the future .
You can save short - term time by neglecting design , but this accumulates TechnicalDebt which will slow your productivity later .
Putting effort into to the design of your software improves the stamina of your project , allowing you to go faster for longer .
Many developers have encountered a situation where they ’ve been asked to cut down on design and “ just get the job done ” .
Martin Fowler presented his doubts about this strategy and explained trading design quality for speed is illusory for almost all projects .
According to Martin :
The design activities referred to includes the whole range of styles , from the classic up - front design to the emergent design style commonly found in agile projects .
Peoples beliefs differ about to which extent good design matters , but Martin has run into a rather extreme opinion a few times :
Indeed I ’ve come across the impression a couple of times that design effort is tolerated to keep the programmers happy even though it reduces speed .
The reason that trading design effort for development speed wo n’t work for most projects is that the system rapidly becomes hard to work with , and the time saved on design activities are soon lost due to decreased productivity .
The trick is to figure out where the design payoff line will be for your particular system before dropping any design activities , but we can only rely on experience and gut feeling to figure it out , since we ca n’t measure software development productivity .
However , experience is needed to make a good estimation of where the design payoff line will be in a given situation , and Antti Tarvainen pointed out that the lack of experience not only is troublesome when a software development novice has to make the judgement call - it also makes it hard for managers to estimate the economic value of design efforts :
Our software development novice cannot make the judgement about the value of design , because his conceptual model is not rich enough ...
The problem is , he does n't know of how much design is worth compared with just writing features without design .
Undervaluing design leads to bad code quality and keeping to code - and - fix .
Overvaluing it leads to analysis paralysis ( in big design up front ) or just low velocity ( in agile methodologies ) .
Dennis E. Hamilton ( a.k.a Orchid ) accredited a couple of common mistakes to making the call without having the required design maturity :
This explains common novice blunders : having an appetite beyond our capability and our stamina .
I ’ve got the tiger by the tail , now how do I get it into the frying pan ?
I could have saved my ass by envisioning the endgame first , but I do n’t know that , do I ?
I will be operating somewhere out in the no design region where I do n’t deliver any functionality whatsoever .
I suppose that has to be somewhere on the imaginary plane above Fowler ’s safe - landing territory
This also explains some common management blunders : taking out crushing technical debt without recognizing it and then having no means to ever repay it .
Management probably needs to understand software lifecycles and risk management far more than the cybersmiths , even without the skill ( and certainly no foolish inclination ) to do the work themselves .
Fowler concluded his article by sharing his view of where the design payoff line is :
I take the view that it ’s much lower than most people think : usually weeks not months .
But again this can only be a judgment call .
If that view is correct , almost all software systems would suffer from doing design trade - offs .
The Wormy Archive
Here is my Wormy archive .
It has taken me over 12 years to get it all together .
I do have to appologize for some of the images , with limited web space and so many files , sacrifices had to be made .
Issue # Month / Yr Click to view Description
9 Sep ' 77
The dwarves want their bowling balls back .
10 Oct ' 77 Wormy explains to Irving how he got the bowling balls .
11 Dec ' 77
What wears chainmail and looks like black pudding ?
Squashed dwarves .
12 Feb ' 78 Frank and Dudly watch Wormy have an Apple Eptic Seisure .
13 Apr ' 78 Irving serves up Barbecue Dwarf Burgers .
14 May ' 78 Floyd , Jack and Rudy chase a dwarf in Wormy 's lair .
15 June ' 78 Wormy shows his counters for Backgammon
16 July ' 78 Trouble at the Dwarf Burger stand
17 Aug ' 78 Wormy squishes some Goblins at Irving 's Dwarf burger joint .
18 Sep ' 78 Frank and Dudly crack a Demon ball on Wormy 's snooker table .
19 Oct ' 78
The demon rips the trolls to shreds
20 Nov '78 Frank and Dudly steal one of the Demon balls to go have fun with the Ogres
21 -
22 -
23 -
24 -
25 -
26 -
27 -
28 -
29 Sep '79 Recap of Wormy so far
30 Oct '79 Wes and Butch play chess .
31 Nov '79 Wes and Butch talk to the Ogres about which way the dwarves went
32 Dec '79 Wormy theorizes about the demon balls
33 Jan '80 Frank and Dudly fight a bunch in the river
34 Feb ' 80 Wes and Butch hunt for dwarves .
35 -
36 Apr '80 Frank gets Catfish and Bender to help with Dudly 's burns
37 -
38 -
39 Jul '80 Catfish puts the firelillies on Dudly 's burns
40 -
41 -
42 Oct '80 The Ogres stumble upon the trolls and Frank breaks the demon ball
43 Nov '80 The Ogres argue about the trolls and the demon comes out of the ball
44 Dec ' 80
The demon creates havoc , the trolls escape and Catfish takes the demon out .
45 -
46 -
47 Mar ' 81 Irving has a dream .
48 Apr ' 81 Irving screws with Wormy - makes him think a demon is in the snooker table
49 May ' 81 Gremorly summons Solomoriah , the shadow cat .
50 June ' 81 Wormy explains how he got all of his gold .
51 July ' 81 Gremorly and the shadow cat take off to find Wormy
52 Aug ' 81
Ace uses his decoys to catch goblins
53 -
54 Oct ' 81 Ace uses his decoys to catch Fred , the stonedrake
55 Nov '81 Rudy and Otis search in the yggdrazzle trees for trolls
56 Dec ' 81 Wormy drops a demon ball down the hole on Haunted Hill
57 Jan ' 82 The Ogres talk to ace about miniatures vice the real thing .
58 Feb ' 82 Gremorly and the shadow cat get close to Wormy 's lair
59 -
60 Apr ' 82 Roy and Roy do the handshake of the mysterious brotherhood of trolls
61 May ' 82 Ed and two other goblins fight hobgoblins on Wormy 's table
62 June ' 82 Ace , Fred , Hambone , Wormy and Irv play expanded Grottos and Goblins
63 July ' 82 The wizard and shadowcat arrive at Wormy 's lair
64 Aug ' 82 Gremorly puts the Ogres under a spell in Wormy 's lair
65 Sep ' 82 Gremorly raids Wormy 's treasure and stumbles upon sumptin bad
66 Oct ' 82 Another battle with a demon .
67 Nov ' 82 Rudy and Otis get caught trying to make off with Wormy 's loot .
68 Dec ' 82 Rudy and Otis try to negotiate out of taking the loot .
69 Jan ' 83
The showdown with the shadowcat starts .
70 Feb ' 83
The battle with the shadowcat
71 Mar ' 83 One of the Ogres meets Gremorlys magical guardian .
72 Apr ' 83 Gremorly opens a portal to get away with the demon balls
73 May ' 83 Gremorly puts Hambone and one of the Ogres under a spell
74 June ' 83 Wormy and Ace battle Gremorly
75 July ' 83 Aw , no more Gremorly
76 Aug '83 Snooker and the end of the shadow of Solomoriah .
77 Sep '83 Frank and Dudley reminisce about the day 's events
78 Oct '83 Frank and Dudley meet up with Squir'l
79 Nov '83 Jordan talks to the boys at the Stump about the mudsucker
80 Dec '83 Jed shows up at the Stump for a drink
81 Jan ' 84 Jed gets in the poker game and shows his wanted posters .
82 Feb ' 84 Frank and Dudley get wise to what Jed is up to .
83 Mar ' 84 Frank and Dudley out to cool off at the swimming hole .
84 Apr ' 84 Wormy gets his " Siege of the Iron Keep " delivered
85 May ' 84 3 eyed frogs and 2 headed turtles
86 Jun ' 84 Catfish and Bender out for a leisurely day of fishing ...........
87 Jul ' 84 Boon and Rock ?
fishing from the bank
88 Aug ' 84 Wormy test fires the cateypults
89 Sep ' 84 Bender finds out what the inside of a mudsucker looks like
90 Oct ' 84 Catfish and Bender get their limit for the day .
91 Nov ' 84 More firing of the cateypults .
92 Dec ' 84
Two headed turtle and a riddle book .
93 Jan ' 85 More Iron Keep and Wormy sends Irv and Fred to Skeeters Grove
94 Feb ' 85 Ace tells Wormy about running into the Storm Giant who was asking about him .
95 Mar ' 85 Catfish and Bender go by a group at the entrance to Toad Town .
96 Apr ' 85 The spectacular entrance to Toad Town as only Tramp could have done it .
97 May ' 85 Butch and Wes pay a visit to the post office in Toad Town .
98 June ' 85 Butch and Wes in Toad Town .
99 July ' 85 More Butch and Wes in Toad Town .
100 Aug ' 85 The Giants reach Haunted Hill .
101 Sep ' 85 The Giants find out why they call it Haunted Hill
102 Oct ' 85 Frank and Dudly playing a game of assassin .
103 Nov '85 Irv and Fred make it to Skeeter 's Grove and Barney does n't like hitlist games .
104 Dec '85 Irving and Fred putting up " for hire " posters and Jed overhears them talking .
105 Jan ' 86 Irving at the Stump to hire the crew to build the Iron Keep .
106 Feb ' 86 Talking to Charly at the Stump and suckin ' back a few Trolls Choke beers .
107 Mar ' 86 Frank and Larry meet their new " employers " .
108 Apr ' 86 Jed watches Wormy as he sets traps for the Giants .
109 May ' 86 Jed figuring out how to use Wormy 's own traps against him .
110 June ' 86 The Giants reach Ace 's place , but he 's ready .
111 July ' 86 Frank and Larry get into a scrap with a giant Roc in their new home .
112 Aug ' 86 Frank and Larry meet up with Amos and find out what is in store for them .
113 Sep ' 86 Troll bridge .
114 Oct ' 86 Irving arrives at Wormy 's with the construction crew .
115 Nov ' 86 Jed breaks down and asks Irving for a job .
116 Dec ' 86 Hambone ends up testing Wormy 's traps .
117 Jan ' 87 Hambone tells what the Giants did to Ace .
118 Feb ' 87 A troll tries to talk Rudy into setting them free .
119 Mar ' 87 The Ogres meet Achorrath , the storm giant .
120 Apr ' 87 Achdorrath signals the other giants that he found Wormy 's lair .
121 May ' 87
Ace tries to escape .
122 June ' 87 Good 'ol Hambone .
123 July ' 87 Dudley tells Irving of his suspicions about Jed .
124 Aug ' 87 Grumble and Snaggly making off with the loot .
125 Sep ' 87 Rock and Dudley fire the hammer bow .
126 Oct ' 87 The Ogres challenge Wormy to a wargame .
127 Nov ' 87
The particulars of the game are worked out .
128 Dec ' 87 The Ogres work on their game strategy .
129 -
130 Feb ' 88 Catfish making off with a pair of Wormy 's demon balls .
131 Mar ' 88 Bender gets nailed for not having a fishing license .
In early 90s you could buy special children books for misbehaving kids in Russia .
This is an example of such a book .
Kid , who is reading this book , is being promised many scary things to encounter if he does n’t obey to mother or father .
Here are some translations :
“ You ’ll fall deep inside a hole
if you do n’t obey to your mom ”
“ If you plan not to listen to father
wild black cats would scratch your brother ”
“ If you decide not to clean you teeth
then prepare to meet a wild beast ! ”
“ You have n’t cleaned up your room ?
Then to ugly monks would come to you soon ”
“ If you cry each time you eager
Prepare to melt from the tears like piece of sugar ”
“ If you play during your meal each time
then you should know that spider would come ”
“ If you are greedy as old and do n’t share balls
probably you would be eaten by wolves ”
“ You like to fight with your fellow - friends ?
Then you ’ll be bitten by different snakes ! ”
There were 200,000 copies sold , I do n’t know if this a lot and do n’t know if the books got the effect on naughty Russian kids of early 90s …
Troofers
If you have n't seen it yet , I highly recommend the new History Channel documentary debunking the 9/11 " truth " movement : 9/11 Conspiracies : Fact or Fiction .
The show airs twice more this weekend : Saturday , August 25 at 8:00 PM and Sunday , August 26 at 12:00 AM .
Examines the various conspiracy theories espoused on the Internet , in articles and in public forums that attempt to explain the 9/11 attacks .
It includes theories that the World Trade Center was brought down by a controlled demolition ; that a missile , not a commercial airliner , hit the Pentagon ; and that members of the U.S. government orchestrated the attacks in hopes of creating a war in the Middle East .
Each conspiracy argument is countered by a variety of experts in the fields of engineering , intelligence and the military .
The program also delves into the anatomy of such conspiracies and how they grow on the Internet .
Debunking 9/11 Myths : Why Conspiracy Theories Can't Stand Up To The Facts by David Dunbar and Brad Reagan , both editors at Popular Mechanics , is the must - read book on the subject .
See the Screw Loose Change blog for the latest information about leaders of the " truth " movement and the conspiracy film " Loose Change . "
They also have links to other debunking sites .
Posted by Forkum at August 23 , 2007 03:17 PM
The verdict in the I . Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby trial was more than a judgment against one of the Bush administration ’s most senior aides :
It was also seen as an indictment of the White House political operation he helped design and direct .
And it undermined the administration ’s credibility at a time when the president is trying to build support for his Iraq war policy in the face of increasingly outspoken opposition from Democrats and deepening skepticism among voters .
Libby ’s conviction on charges of lying to federal investigators raises another difficult issue , one the White House may find it hard to shake off as the 2008 political campaign gathers speed : the possibility of a pardon .
Libby ’s conviction on four counts of lying to federal investigators about the Valerie Plame leak case hits the administration on several levels :
In addition to eroding its already weak credibility on Iraq , it sullies the integrity of an administration that came into office with pledges of moral rectitude .
Advertisement
Getting past those problems will be harder because the question of whether Bush should or would use his pardon power on Libby ’s behalf probably will dog the White House through the 2008 presidential campaign and into the last days of his administration .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) threw down the gauntlet just minutes after the verdict was read .
“ Lewis Libby has been convicted of perjury , but his trial revealed deeper truths about Vice President Cheney ’s role in this sordid affair .
Now President Bush must pledge not to pardon Libby for his criminal conduct , ” Reid said in a statement .
Libby ’s appeals will also keep the case in the spotlight .
Though many outside Washington saw the long trial as a kind of political circus , the charges were some of the most serious to be prosecuted in Washington in many years .
As a result , the conviction may turn out to be a more serious blow to the administration than many may have foreseen .
Advertisement
“ This administration was very scandal - free in its early years , ” said David Gergen , a Republican political strategist and expert in damage control .
“ Now for the first time they have a criminal taint at the highest reaches of the president ’s circle .
That ’s something they are not going to be able to erase . ”
The verdict came amid a seeming torrent of bad news for the White House .
“ Another red-letter day for the administration , ” said Kenneth M. Duberstein , who was President Reagan ’s final White House chief of staff , noting other news on Tuesday -- the deaths from a bomb attack in Iraq , congressional hearings on neglect of veterans at Walter Reed Army Medical Center and a “ happy - talk speech ” on Iraq by Bush to the Veterans of Foreign Wars .
“ This cascade of bad news does n’t stop , and it ’s catching up to them , ” Duberstein said , referring to Bush and Cheney .
Advertisement
The rough road ahead for the White House was signaled by the aggressive reactions of Democrats to news of the verdict -- and by the effort of many prominent Republicans to sidestep the development , rather than rush to the administration ’s defense .
Democrats have long complained that Bush ’s political aides have manipulated information and policy decisions -- both at home and overseas -- to a degree unprecedented in the recent past .
They have blamed Cheney and his aides , as well as political strategist Karl Rove , for their highly political approach to the decision to depose Saddam Hussein and occupy Iraq , as well as such issues as the abortive campaign to overhaul Social Security .
“ The jury ’s verdict confirms the lengths to which the White House -- particularly the office of the vice president -- was willing to go to conceal their effort to vilify anyone who spoke the truth about the flaws in their justification for war , ” said Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) .
“ Today ’s guilty verdicts are not solely about the acts of one individual , ” said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) .
“ This trial provided a troubling picture of the inner workings of the Bush administration .
The testimony unmistakably revealed -- at the highest levels of the Bush administration -- a callous disregard in handling sensitive national security information and a disposition to smear critics of the war in Iraq . ”
Advertisement
For the most part , Republicans tried to dodge questions about the verdict .
“ I ’m not going to comment , ” said Sen. Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) , when confronted with a question during a news conference , “ except I will say I know Scooter Libby and I ’ve always considered him to be a fine man and a dedicated public servant . ”
Tom Griscom , who as White House communications director during the final two years of the Reagan administration was at the center of efforts to rebuild the president ’s image and political standing after the Iran - Contra scandal , said that Bush , Cheney and their neoconservative advisors may not pay a huge price for Libby ’s conviction .
That ’s because their credibility was already damaged , he said .
Advertisement
The administration ’s integrity had been successfully challenged some time ago , he said , as the reasons it cited for going to war in Iraq began to crumble .
“ It ’s almost like this is just one more piece on ... that pile of lost credibility , ” he said .
Griscom said that because Libby worked directly for Cheney , his conviction “ taints the administration , but it does n’t go directly into the Oval Office . ”
“ This is clearly aimed at the vice president ’s office , not the Oval Office , ” he said .
Kenneth Khachigian , a California Republican political consultant who has known
Cheney since they both worked in the Nixon administration , said the verdict would have little political impact because “ whatever negative elements there were played out at the time of the investigation and indictment .
It ’s not going to get any worse . ”
Advertisement
One of the few Republicans who sounded a defiant note was Mary Matalin , a former aide to the vice president who serves as an outside advisor .
Matalin said she did not think that there would be any “ political fallout ” for Cheney .
“ Everyone is really sad , ” Matalin said , adding that there was “ lots of respect and affection for Scooter ” among Cheney associates .
Presidents often suffer politically for issuing pardons , which helps explain why they usually wait until their final days in office to do so .
And in the most high - profile cases , it can be up to the president ’s successor to issue the pardon .
For instance , it was Bush ’s father who pardoned six former Reagan administration officials , including former Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger in 1992 .
Advertisement
Gergen said that Bush was unlikely to consider a pardon until after the 2008 presidential campaign .
Even then it would be politically difficult , unless Libby ’s expected appeal was past and he was already serving his sentence .
maura.reynolds@latimes.com
james.gerstenzang@
latimes.com
Technophile & Innovators
We ’re a dedicated team of technology innovators with an insatiable appetite for engineering revolution .
Since 2000 , Radixweb is a trusted truly global IT partner who delivered unmatched business value helping thousands of customers to stand out with best - in - class tailored engineering solutions .
Our rich pedigree – in depth experience , technology innovation , time - tested process , exceptional talent pool , best of the breed offerings , transformation and integration makes us a perfect fit for your niche .
Our versatile proficiency across the range of verticals enable us to mark our name in the space of global Engineering R&D .
We swath complexity in an idea and make them bulletproof which is way viable .
Prevail the trance state of embedded software development projects – happy to address new projects and turnkey solutions for the existing ones .
This is the Environment of Harm discussion list focusing on vaccine damage and mercury poisoning and other environmental toxins as it relates to autism .
Of keen interest to participants are the issues of government public health negligence and corruption and the various political efforts by parents to end the spectrum of epidemics that is being revealed as mercury poisoning , especially autism .
There is only one rule of behavior : be polite , not rude to your neighbors .
Everyone can post anything they want to this list as long as they are not rude in doing so .
While the EOHarm list is membership moderated , it is a political and public forum .
All postings to this list should be considered public , and not private or confidential statements .
IN THE FICTIONAL world of the hit show “ 24 , ” federal law enforcement agencies are pouring every last resource into the search for a nuclear terrorist in Los Angeles .
In the real world , federal agents apparently have so much free time that they can dress up in bulletproof vests and masks in order to raid clinics that serve patients battling cancer , AIDS and other diseases .
That ’s what happened last week as Drug Enforcement Administration agents stormed 11 medical marijuana dispensaries throughout L.A. and West Hollywood .
We can all rest easier knowing that lollipops , cookies , candies and candy bars laced with marijuana are in no danger of reaching seriously ill patients .
Recall that 56 % of California voters passed the Compassionate Use Act in 1996 , making it legal for patients to obtain and use medical marijuana under the care of a doctor .
A 2004 Field poll showed that support for the law has grown since its passage , with 74 % of Californians now in favor of allowing sick patients to use marijuana .
In 2004 , SB 420 clarified how much medicinal cannabis patients could grow and possess , and it allowed local governments to set additional guidelines .
The West Hollywood City Council recently voted to control the number of medical marijuana dispensaries operating in the city .
Last week , the Los Angeles Police Department submitted more than 40 recommendations for controlling dispensaries , seeking to ban them from being within 1,000 feet of schools and to require owners to remove all litter “ visible to the public within 100 feet of the premises at least twice daily . ”
The dispensaries also have practiced self - regulation .
Yes , there have been poorly run dispensaries and others looking to circumvent the system — but the feds did n’t focus on them .
Instead , this raid hit one of the best - run dispensaries in West Hollywood — the Farmacy — where patients must present valid medical information verified by doctors ; where purchases are limited to 1 ounce , even though the law allows patients to possess 8 ounces ; where patients are n’t allowed to medicate on the premises ; and where anyone caught with forged documents is detained until police arrive and charged with a felony .
The Farmacy has been a leader in treatment and education .
Caring for patients suffering from everything from cancer to glaucoma to multiple sclerosis , it teaches patients about the effects of different strains of indica and sativa marijuana and offers edibles and concentrated medicine in the form of oil to reduce the potential harm of smoking marijuana in plant form .
THE RAID ON the Farmacy shocked West Hollywood officials , who were n’t notified of it in advance .
“ We have worked closely with our community to ensure these establishments operate safely and comply with the spirit of Proposition 215 , ” West Hollywood City Council member Jeffrey Prang said .
“ The DEA is here to enforce federal drug laws , ” Special Agent Sarah Pullen declared , and , strictly speaking , she was right .
In a 2001 case , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the “ medical necessity ” of a patient could not be used as a defense against federal drug enforcement .
( The Controlled Substances Act of 1970 classifies marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug with “ no medical uses ” — making it worse in the eyes of the feds than cocaine , methamphetamine and many other drugs . )
In 2005 , the court ruled that federal authorities could even stop a seriously ill patient from cultivating marijuana for her personal use .
In her dissent from that decision , Justice Sandra Day O’Connor declared that such “ overreaching stifles an express choice by some states . ”
Justice John Paul Stevens noted in his opinion for the court that Congress could revisit its outdated law to deal with the “ strong arguments that marijuana does have valid therapeutic purposes . ”
Meanwhile , the DEA can still bully its way past California law while ignoring its own spectacular policy failures .
The DEA has failed to significantly reduce marijuana consumption despite breathtaking increases in arrests and incarcerations .
And its recent efforts aimed at keeping medicine from patients are shamefully transparent attempts to go after an easy target : Marijuana dispensaries operate openly , and cancer patients are limited in their ability to evade law enforcement .
The arcane classification of marijuana under the Controlled Substances
Act persists despite the government ’s own actions and data to the contrary .
In 1992 , the Food and Drug Administration approved Marinol pills , which use the active ingredient in marijuana ( THC ) to treat nausea and vomiting .
In 1999 , the Institute of Medicine , part of the National Academy of Sciences , concluded that “ the evidence is relatively strong for the [ marijuana ] treatment of pain and , intriguing although less well established , for movement disorders . ”
So what can be done ?
Congress must reclassify marijuana in accord with the standards of science and medicine .
The law simply needs to be fixed .
Until that time , the DEA should find better ways to spend its time and resources .
Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( R - Huntington Beach ) has called on the federal government to leave California — and the 10 other states that have approved medical marijuana — alone .
His bipartisan bill , co-sponsored by Rep. Maurice D. Hinchey ( D - N.Y. ) , was voted down 264 to 161 in 2005 .
This reform is overdue .
It should be an urgent priority for our new Congress to stop the Justice Department from arresting or harassing sick people in 11 states who have the legal right to use medical marijuana .
Importance of Learning Arabic
There are a huge number of languages and dialects around the world .
Usually , you need to know how to speak one language in order to communicate with the people around you .
However , it is actually a lot better if one person knows how to speak more than one language .
It would benefit you in many ways especially if you travel abroad or if you transact with foreign people .
Anyways , in this article we are going to tell you about the importance of learning another language which is Arabic .
If you are looking for an Arabic course in Singapore , you should check out Berlitz Language School .
They are one of the most established and oldest language schools in the world , and they offer a wide range of language courses and at varying proficiency levels .
If you want to learn Arabic seriously , you should check out Learn Arabic Singapore Berlitz site above .
In an article by Huda , he is going to give us some of the importance of the Arabic language in Islam .
The Importance of the Arabic Language In Islam
Ninety percent of the world ’s Muslims do not speak Arabic as their native language .
Yet in daily prayers , when reading the Quran or even in simple conversations with each other , Arabic readily rolls off any Muslim ’s tongue .
The pronunciation may be broken or heavily accented , but most Muslims make the attempt to speak and understand at least some Arabic .
Why is Arabic So Important to Understanding the Faith of Islam ?
Regardless of their linguistic , cultural and racial differences , Muslims form one community of believers .
This community is based on their shared faith in One Almighty God and the guidance He has sent down to mankind .
His final revelation to mankind , the Quran , was sent over 1400 years ago to Mohammad in the Arabic language .
Thus , it is the Arabic language that serves as the common link joining this diverse community of believers and is the unifying element that ensures believers share the same ideas .
Read more here .
We all know that Muslims value religion a lot .
They try their best to study Arabic in order to understand the full text of the Quran in its original form .
It is amazing how the Muslims put their effort especially for the sake of faith and religion .
Now , Natasha Miller is going to give us some benefits of learning Arabic .
Let us read about it below .
Bilingualism : Benefits of Learning Arabic
There are many articles stating the benefits of being bilingual , but not many go into the benefits of being bilingual in a certain language .
If you are teaching your child another language anyway , why not choose one that will improve their future career opportunities , such as Arabic ?
Here are a few ways that learning Arabic will enhance your child ’s future .
Commonality
Arabic is the national language of 20 countries and is the fifth most spoken language in the world .
By teaching your child Arabic , you will be giving her the ability to communicate with over 300 million people .
The majority of native speakers are concentrated in the Middle East , but with Arabic being the language of Quran , Muslims all over the world speak the language .
High Demand
With the increasing importance of the Middle East in international affairs , there is a growing demand for speakers of Arabic .
Few Westerners ever attempt to learn the language , so there is little supply to meet the demand .
Those who know the language are needed in many fields including journalism , translation , education , intelligence , and government service .
Read more here .
As enumerated above , learning Arabic can actually benefit us with regards to commonality , high demand , financial incentives , high culture , and intercultural understanding .
It is important for us to understand our own culture .
However , it is also important for us to understand other people ’s culture .
Next up , Quran Tutor will give us eight huge benefits of learning Arabic language .
8 Huge Benefits of Learning the Arabic Language
The history of Arabic language goes back to 4th century A.D when it was spoken in the Syrian deserts .
Due to its lyrical tone , it was mainly used as a means of poetic custom in the Arabian Peninsula and its adjoining regions since then .
It has basically originated from the Afro- Asiatic ( or Hamito - Semitic ) group of languages .
Most of its modes of communication are vanished already , but Arabic and Herbew are still verbalized , written and understood with former being implicit in the entire world population .
Every word of it originates from a specific root verb .
Arabic is the 5th most frequently spoken native diction in the world .
It is majorly used by Muslims worldwide , with over 200 million people in various Arab countries , and well recognized in different regions of Africa as well .
It was included as the 6th official form of speech in the United Nations because of its widespread usage all over the globe .
Besides , it is also the representative tongue in the Arab League , the Organization of Islamic Conference ( OIC ) , and the African Union .
Read more here .
One benefit given above is that learning how to speak Arabic can help us with finding jobs in Arab countries .
Many of us seek to work abroad and Arab countries are really in demand .
If you wish to work in Arab countries , then you should already learn how to speak their language because it would be a big plus for you .
Knowing how to speak Arabic can really help you in many different ways .
The reclassification is said to have accelerated under President Bush
The restoration of classified status to more than 55,000 pages began in 1999 , the paper said .
At that time , the CIA and five other agencies reportedly objected to what they saw as a " hasty release " of sensitive information .
The files include documents already published or obtained by historians .
The New York Times said the reclassification programme accelerated after President Bush took office and especially after the 9/11 attacks .
But because it runs in secrecy , it continued without being noticed until December 2005 .
According to the report , it was intelligence historian Matthew Aid who noticed that dozens of documents he had copied years ago had been withdrawn from the National Archives ' open shelves .
Those are said to include decades - old State Department reports from the Korean War and the early Cold War .
' Silly '
Under existing guidelines , government documents are supposed to be declassified after 25 years unless there is a particular reason to keep them secret .
But some historians argued that the reclassification program is removing material that can do no conceivable harm to national security , the New York Times said .
Mr Aid mentioned among the " innocuous " files removed a 1948 memorandum on a CIA scheme to float balloons over countries behind the Iron Curtain to drop propaganda leaflets .
Another reclassified document that Mr Aid had copied gives the CIA 's assessment on 12 October 1950 that Chinese intervention in the Korean War was " not probable in 1950 " - two weeks before Chinese troops crossed into Korea .
Another historian , William Burr , is quoted by the New York Times as saying that he considered " silly " the reclassification of a dozen files he obtained at the National Archives .
He mentioned a 1962 telegram from the then US ambassador to Yugoslavia containing an English translation of a Belgrade newspaper article on China 's nuclear weapons program .
After Mr Aid and other historians complained , the archives ' Information Security Oversight Office began an audit of the reclassification program , according to the New York Times .
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c4eab53ef00d8341f932f53ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed :
» Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed from Shaghaghi.net
Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 27 , 2004 10:09:19 AM
» To the Victor Go the Spoils ? from Venturpreneur by Gordon Smith
Taxing and spending .
It 's what Congress does .
And it 's no surprise that some states are winners and some are losers .
Paul Caron at TaxProf
Blog suggests that the pattern of spending says something about presidential elections :
The report shows that ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 27 , 2004 10:13:45 AM
» Which States Are Feeding Well ? from Centerfield
So which states get the most federal money per tax dollar gone south ?
These results from the Tax Foundation may surprise you .
Hat tip to FARK .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 27 , 2004 12:27:39 PM
» Red states take more , give less from X - The place where time stands still
Blue states pay for the red statest to be so ... red .
I 'm noticing a lot of these " coincidenses " lately .
Time to bust out the calculator and see if I can find my own .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 27 , 2004 2:13:00 PM
» Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed from Dummocrats.com
Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 27 , 2004 3:30:03 PM
» 50 Reasons Why Democrats Are Cooler Than Republicans from freethemedia.com
[ Now Playing : Old King - Neil Young - Harvest Moon ( 2:56 ) ]
Well , that settles it .
Democrats Are Better Than Republicans .
Linked From DailyKos , Your Election Source !... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 27 , 2004 7:15:55 PM
» Who wins and loses for Federal Tax Dollars from Left of the Middle
A new report was released yesterday that showed the winners and losers when it comes to Federal tax dollars .
Of course , the urban areas with their welfare queens and deadbeat Democrats would rank high on the list of winners , right ?... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 28 , 2004 6:13:47 AM
» SEEING RED : THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FEDERAL BOON from Roth & Company , P.C .
The smart kids have been looking at a new Tax Foundation report that lists how states come out on tax ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 28 , 2004 6:48:15 AM
» Tax Redux from The Clique Chronicle
TaxProf Blog has some interesting figures on Federal tax and spending amounts broken down amongst the red and blue states .
The conclusions are n't that surprising at all .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 28 , 2004 8:33:58 AM
» Another Reason To Secede ? from Cyn City
Courtesy of my brother .
Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed Monday , September 27 , 2004 The Tax Foundation has released a fascinating report showing which states benefit from federal tax and spending policies , and which states [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 29 , 2004 1:43:33 AM
» Passing along a message from a neighbor from Prometheus 6
This is Jill at Brilliant at Breakfast :
Tracked on Sep 29 , 2004 11:24:25 AM
» Time to Dismount Your High Horses from greatguys.blogspot.com
... Anyway , for those on their high horses who see vast republican conspiracies to bleed the blue states for the benefit of the welfarist red states , I think it 's time to dismount .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 29 , 2004 4:01:17 PM
» The Era of Big Government : Part III from GregsOpinion.com
Great column by Anne Applebaum on how passe it 's become to rail against Big Government nowadays .
The opening here for Dems is that this presents us the golden opportunity to start goring some sacred cows .
With more red states feeding ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 6 , 2004 9:41:42 AM
» Asymmetry or hypocrisy ?
from Geoff Arnold
After a series of mind - bogglingly inept op - ed pieces in the New York Times , David Brooks came up with a reasonably interesting piece today .
Under the heading Not Just a Personality Clash , a Conflict of Visions , he argues that there is a relationship be ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 12 , 2004 7:06:35 PM
» California Canary from I Kill Spies
According to this article ( a summary of the report from the Tax Foundation ) , the same states that voted for Bush in 2000 were the same ones that receive the most Federal aid .
Tell me Bush does n't practice partisan politics !
Look at the change from 199 ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 19 , 2004 1:07:04 PM
» The hypocrisy of the Red States from factory of infinite bliss
Family values ?
Here are the states with the highest divorce rates ( rates are #/1000 ) : 40 Kentucky 5.8 Arizona 5.8 42 Florida 5.9 43 New Mexico 6.0 44 Idaho 6.2 Alabama 6.2 46 Indiana 6.4 47 Wyoming 6.5 48 Tennessee 6.6 4 ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2004 2:29:32 PM
» All politics is local from The Anderkoo Blog
In the past few years partisan rancor has corroded O'Neill 's iron law of politics .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 3 , 2004 4:17:22 PM
» TaxProf Blog : Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed from Sundown
TaxProf Blog : Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 4 , 2004 9:40:44 AM
» Time to starve the beast from Payam Mirrashidi : SF Days
I hate to say it , but after Tuesday 's disappointing Democratic showing , I 'm thinking that one way to battle conservative dominance of the Federal government is to make it smaller .
Change things such that the Congress has less influence over my life out ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 4 , 2004 1:28:58 PM
» Time to starve the beast from Payam Mirrashidi : SF Days
I hate to say it , but after Tuesday 's disappointing Democratic showing , I 'm thinking that a reasonable way to battle conservative dominance of the Federal government is to make it smaller .
Change things such that the Congress has less influence over my ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 4 , 2004 1:30:05 PM
» Biting the hand that feeds ... from Sharp Tools
I 'd actually been idly wondering about this in the aftermath of the election , and happily for me , someone on the internet did it .
Here is a brief look at which states receive the least ( and most ) federal funding per dollar ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 4 , 2004 10:04:26 PM
» Biting the hand that feeds ... from Sharp Tools
I 'd actually been idly wondering about this in the aftermath of the election , and happily for me , someone on the internet did it .
Here is a brief look at which states receive the least ( and most ) federal funding per dollar ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 4 , 2004 10:04:53 PM
» Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed from essays
The TaxProf Blog points us to a report from the Tax Foundation .
This fascinating study shows exactly which states benefit from federal tax and spending policies , and which states foot the bill .
Surprisingly , the " value conscious " Red States -- you [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 6 , 2004 7:50:57 AM
» ' Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed ' from TomorrowYesterday
Blue States Feed Red States
The report shows that of the 32 states ( and the District of Columbia ) that are " winners " -- receiving more in federal spending than they pay in federal taxes -- 76 % are Red States that voted for George Bush in 2000 .
Indeed , ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 6 , 2004 3:03:47 PM
» Tax Relief ? from Blues and Beyond
When a conservative says " I want tax relief , " what does he really mean ?
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 8 , 2004 7:21:31 AM
» how far we 've come since PhoneCon I from f/k/ a . . . .
Talk about out of the loop : I missed PhoneCon 1876 .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 8 , 2004 9:20:01 AM
» Fuck the South from Thoughtcrimes
This is n't our sentiment -- after all , the Institute for Creative Thoughtcrime and those of us who staff it live and work here -- but , boy howdy , is whoever created this site a sore loser or what ?
Fuck the South .
Fuck 'em .
We should have let them go wh ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 9 , 2004 5:42:38 PM
» Foul Language And Violence from The Political Puzzle v2.0
Foul Language Fuck the South .
Fuck 'em .
We should have let them go when they wanted to leave .
But no , we had to kill half a million people so they 'd stay part of our special Union .
Fighting for the right ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 9 , 2004 7:58:08 PM
» Foul language And Violence from Grouchy 's Liberaltopia
Foul Language Fuck the South .
Fuck 'em .
We should have let them go when they wanted to leave .
But no , we had to kill half a million people so they 'd stay part of our special Union .
Fighting for the right ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 9 , 2004 8:00:13 PM
» Very Interesting from revelling.org
I find it quite interesting the most of the largely Republican states are the ones receiving the most Federal tax dollars .
The few Republicans I know always talk about tax cuts and cutting social service programs , yet it seems taxes and aid are helpin ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 9 , 2004 8:30:47 PM
» Reading from artlessNET
Fuck the South ( courtesy of funkaoshi.com ) ... we , as in all sane non -white - middle - americans , have all been thinking it ... finally someone has just gone and said it ... harsh you say ?
whats harsh is that we now have to deal with the ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 9 , 2004 9:06:24 PM
» Blue Stater ... Blue Words from John P. Hoke 's Asylum
Wow ... all I can say is ... wow ...
In a time when everyone is looking at ways to kiss a bit of Red State Ass , to try and woo a vote here or there , this guy has a different ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 5:41:03 AM
» The latest red state / blue state meme from The Unabrewer
There have been some comments from the left that the blue states pay out federal taxes , while the red states benefit from them .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 7:34:48 AM
» Are we moochers ?
from Undercaffeinated
Are Red states mooching off blue states ?
Is there a huge mass of ignorant , poor , redneck red-staters that all voted for Bush while contributing nothing to the national economy ?
Some people think so .
Well , as a red state Bush voter ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 9:21:12 AM
» Are we moochers ?
from Undercaffeinated
Are Red states mooching off blue states ?
Is there a huge mass of ignorant , poor , redneck red-staters that all voted for Bush while contributing nothing to the national economy ?
Some people think so .
Well , as a red state Bush voter ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 9:24:31 AM
» A Message from F*ckTheSouth.com from Radio Left
F*ck the South .
F*ck 'em .
We should have let them go when they wanted to leave .
But no , we had to kill half a million people so they 'd stay part of our special Union .
Fighting for the right to keep slaves - yeah , those are states we want to keep .
A... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 11:11:21 AM
» Map Fever from JunkieWire - The Joe Hill Dispatch journal of news for political junkies .
Barry Ritholtz has gone map crazy !!!!!
He 's posted a bunch of maps that relate to the election results .
He 's ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 11:12:39 AM
» Map Fever from JunkieWire - The Joe Hill Dispatch journal of news for political junkies .
Barry Ritholtz has gone map crazy !!!!!
He 's posted a bunch of maps that relate to the election results .
He 's ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 11:17:59 AM
» It 's the Tax Code from Oscar Jr. Was Here
On the TaxProf Blog is a widely - linked post titled Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed .
The post 's author writes :
The Tax Foundation has released a fascinating report showing which states benefit from federal tax and ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 8:54:30 PM
» Huh - I had been wondering why they had n't fixed that pothole yet ... from Sarcasm and Cynicism : A Girl's Only Defense
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 11:22:21 PM
» Huh - I had been wondering why they had n't fixed that pothole yet ... from Sarcasm and Cynicism : A Girl's Only Defense
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 10 , 2004 11:23:00 PM
» It 's the Tax Code from Oscar Jr. Was Here
On the TaxProf Blog is a widely - linked post titled Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed .
The post 's author writes :
The Tax Foundation has released a fascinating report showing which states benefit from federal tax and ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 11 , 2004 7:36:42 AM
» Happy Veteran 's Day from 100 monkeys typing .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 11 , 2004 8:13:59 AM
» The Heartland from The Talent Show
Speaking of venting your frustration , I love the rant at FuckTheSouth.com : Fuck the South .
Fuck 'em .
We should have let them go when they wanted to leave .
But no , we had to kill half a million people so they 'd ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 11 , 2004 11:55:39 AM
» Dems Want Literacy Tests & Poll Taxes Back ?
They need a math class from The Hopeful Cynic
So , who do these people vote for ?
I know this should come as a shock to absolutely no one ( except the idiots pointing to the posts above , and saying , " see , see " ) : they voted for Bush by a 2 - 1 margin .
( Duh ! )
Put another way , 2/3rds of the people paying ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 11 , 2004 12:18:26 PM
» a reddish - pink girl in a red state from evoque
I grew up in Texas , went to school in Tennessee , and now reside in Kentucky .
I have never considered myself ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 11 , 2004 2:08:14 PM
» Red States Feed at Federal Trough , Blue States Supply the Feed from Culture Jam
For those of you who are a little too prudish or sensitive to read the highly popular [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 11 , 2004 7:52:28 PM
» Welfare bums on crack , or .... from kathleen ream
I 'm intrigued by this post from TaxProf about a report from the Tax Foundation on the expenditures of federal dollars per dollar of taxes -- iow , which states pay more than they get and which states get more than they ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 12 , 2004 6:50:20 AM
» Blue State Looking South from Democrats.com Blog
www.fuckthesouth.com
I.D. - Theft Watchdog Finds the State of Texas is Wide Open for I.D. Thieves
Steven Peisner , whom Dubner and Levitt wrote about recently in a column on identity theft , has made a career out of trying to stop people from hacking or otherwise stealing valuable information from websites .
So Peisner ’s ears perked up when he learned of Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott ‘s announcement on May 31 that Texas now requires companies to shred documents that list customers ’ personal information , rather than simply tear them in half .
In a televised press conference , Abbott blasted stores like the EZ Pawn chain , charging that its practice of throwing unshredded documents into dumpsters “ put hundreds of Texans at risk ” by giving fraudsters access to confidential information .
EZ
Pawn is being charged with violating the new law , Abbott said , with penalties of up to $ 50,000 per infraction .
Hearing this , Peisner went straight to the Texas Secretary of State Web site and found his way to the Secretary of State Online Access database , which “ provides subscribers with up - to - date , on - line computer access to a variety of information maintained by the Office of the Secretary of State ” including corporate records , UCC documents and filings by local and foreign financial institutions .
Upon locating the Direct Access Subscriber Login page , he clicked on the temporary login form and proceeded to register using his own credit card number and a bunch of bogus personal information .
Here ’s a screen shot of Peisner ’s registration page :
To his surprise , Peisner was allowed to proceed ( without giving the three - digit security code on the back of his credit card , no less ) , and within moments he had access to the site ’s database .
For $ 1 per search , he ran searches on several common last names including “ Campbell , ” “ Smith ” and “ Jones , ” as well as “ Greg Abbott , ” the attorney general .
The result ?
Hundreds of PDF ’s for the common names and a handful for Abbott , many of them containing addresses , Social Security numbers , and other personal information .
Lucky for the attorney general , Peisner chose to publicize his findings here rather than sell them to the highest bidder — though he did receive an invoice for the searches within minutes of completing them .
This morning , he contacted the office of Texas Secretary of State Phil Wilson to let him know of the vulnerability , and was told that the matter would be directed to the office ’s I.T. department .
Meanwhile , the site ’s security has n’t changed ; Peisner was able once again to access the database using the name “ Ima IDThief ” and the same credit card information .
While this sort of vulnerability may not be as scary as the nuclear ruse carried out by undercover Congressional investigators , it is a lot easier and a lot more common .
by Adam Pash
Click to view
If you want to host your own blog , you can purchase a plan at a web hosting provider for a few bucks a month - or you can set it up on your home computer for free .
Advertisement
Weblogs , as most people know them , are web sites made of individual entries of various length , by any number of authors , organized in reverse chronological order .
Of course , you know what a blog is - you read Lifehacker , and if you do n't already have a blog of your own , you know someone who does .
Advertisement
The cool thing about blogs ( and many other web apps , like wikis ) is that they do n't actually have to live online .
A blog can live on your personal computer or somewhere on your network ; you can use it as a private journal or as the main conduit for intracompany communication .
Or maybe you just want to keep all of your personal data , blog posts included , on your own computer and not on Google 's servers .
Whatever the reason may be , setting up and hosting a blog on your personal computer is a painless process .
Today we 'll set up a weblog on your Windows PC using the popular open source blogging software , WordPress .
Note : WordPress is a full - featured , excellent piece of open source blogging software .
In order to run it on your computer , you 'll need to install an Apache web server , the PHP scripting language , and a MySQL database server .
Although setting all of this up is not difficult ( the process is detailed below ) , you can easily avoid the whole shebang and get your own free hosted weblog somewhere like WordPress or Blogger if those sites fit your needs .
If you 're aware of the alternatives , but you 're determined ( for whatever reason ) to run a blog on your own computer , read on .
Advertisement
I 've put together a step - by - step guide ( 7 steps in all ) for installing WordPress and all the tools necessary to host it locally , so if you 're ready to get blogging , click here ( or the image above ) to get started .
Note ( part the second ) :
Our gallery tool is a bit - erm - quirky at the moment , so to advance from one step to the next , click the link at the end of each description .
You can try clicking on the thumbnails to progress , but chances are that doing so will leave you confused .
Advertisement
Getting good with WordPress
Now that you 've got WordPress installed on your local computer , you 've got a lot of options .
If you want to make your blog accessible to the outside world , see :
Keep in mind that you would n't be able to run a heavily trafficked blog from your home computer , but if it 's just a personal blog for friends and family , hosting it yourself is definitely an option ( your service provider may not be into the idea , so you may want to check your ToS ) .
Advertisement
To get familiar with and tweak your WordPress blog , check out our WordPress tag , specifically :
Got your own blog ?
Weigh in on how you use it .
Got a WordPress blog ?
Let us hear your favorite plugins , templates , and tweaks .
All this and more in the comments .
Advertisement
Adam Pash is an associate editor for Lifehacker with a thing for hosting web apps for personal use on his home computer .
His special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
The whole interview is amazingly frank and free of diplomatic obfuscation .
He blasts biofuels ( " not based on any kind of economic rationality " ) , he notes that Africa is suffering the most already from expensive oil , he points out that even a slowing of China 's growth will not reduce oil demand , and he talks pretty explicitly about production peaks and depletion :
D'ici cinq à dix ans , la production pétrolière hors - OPEP va atteindre un maximum avant de commencer à décliner , faute de réserves suffisantes .
Il y a chaque jour de nouvelles preuves de ce fait .
Au même moment aura lieu le pic de la phase d'expansion économique de la Chine .
Les deux événements vont coïncider : l'explosion de la croissance de la demande chinoise , et la chute de la production hors pays de l'OPEP .
Notre système pétrolier sera - t - il capable de répondre à ce défi , c'est la question .
Within 5 to 10 years , non-OPEP production will reach a peak and begin to decline , as reserves run out .
There are new proofs of that fact every day .
At the same we 'll see the peak of China 's economic growth .
The two events will coincide : the explosion of Chinese growth , and the fall in non-OPEP oil production .
Will the oil world manage to face that twin shock is an open question .
He says it again twice in the interview : the gap between demand and supply will widen , and he blasts our governments for doing so little :
Malheureusement , il y a beaucoup de paroles , mais peu d'actes .
J'espère vraiment que les nations consommatrices vont comprendre la gravité de la situation , et mettre en place des politiques très fortes et radicales pour ralentir la hausse de la demande de pétrole .
Unfortunately , there 's a lot of talk , but very little action .
I really hope that consuming nations will understand the gravity of the situation and put in place radical and extremely tough policies to curb oil demand growth
Of course , we might need to curb more than " demand growth " , and actually move to curb " demand " itself , but his words are at least quite direct and explicit .
Even more interestingly , he puts the finger on two important but rarely discussed items : field depletion ( he mentions an 8 % decline rate for mature fields , but indicates that even a 1 % difference in the actual number would mean huge volumes by 2020 ) , and Saudi reserves :
Je crois que le gouvernement saoudien parle de 230 milliards de barils de réserves .
Je n'ai pas de raison officielle de ne pas y croire .
Cependant l'Arabie saoudite de même que les autres pays producteurs et les firmes internationales devraient être plus transparents dans la présentation de leurs chiffres .
Car le pétrole est un bien très crucial pour nous tous , et notre droit est de savoir , selon des standards internationaux , combien de pétrole il nous reste .
I understand the Saudi government claims 230 billion barrels of reserves , and I have no official reason not to believe these numbers .
Nevertheless , Saudi Arabia - as well as other producing countries and oil companies - should be more transparent in their numbers .
Oil is a crucial good for all of us and we have the right to know how much oil , as per international standards , is left
While not a direct attack on Saudi numbers , this is by far the most explicit voicing of doubt about their reserves from any official of a major organisation that I have ever read .
" No official reason to doubt " ???
That 's a pretty gaping hole there to sneak other kinds of doubts ...
He notes that he believes Saudi Arabian promises to be able to bring its capacity from 12 mb / d today to 15 mb / d in 2015 , but notes at the same time that ( i ) it 's the only place in the world ( other , potentially , than Iraq ) where production can grow and ( ii ) it 's less than the expected demand growth by then from China alone .
While none of these facts should be surprising to my regular readers , it 's quite something else to see them explicitly stated by one of the top officials of one of the major energy watchdogs of the Western world .
The only question left is - will our governments listen , now ?
Image : Stewart / Stand
Ever felt the need to replace your tattered , bulging , leather wallet with something closer to a solid metal case ?
Now you can .
A new wallet made from industrial - grade stainless steel fabric promises to keep your money and credit cards safe – from rain , perspiration , spills and even identity thieves .
New York designer Theo Stewart - Stand created the steel wallet from the same finely woven , industrial steel that is used in aerospace applications , petroleum processing and metal doors and windows .
Stewart - Stand tightened the weave of the steel so it is small and flexible enough to thread into fabric , but still stronger and far more durable than leather or suede .
The resulting skinny wallet feels as smooth as silk – but does n't stretch , is cool to the touch and , of course , ca n't be stained .
" It 's a good conversation piece and elicits a lot of comments , " says Paul Stewart - Stand , the designer 's brother and business partner .
" People see it at a dinner party and want to know where they can get one . "
While developing the wallet , Theo Stewart - Stand inadvertently discovered an even more unique benefit .
It turns out the stainless steel used in the wallet protects from the latest concern in identity theft : RFID hackers .
Many new ID products , such as no-swipe credit cards , corporate access key cards and the newest U.S. passports , include radio frequency identification , or RFID , tags that allow scanners to rapidly access information .
Unfortunately , identity thieves can also use simple , out - of - sight scanning devices to steal data from RFID tags , gathering your personal and financial information in one quick scan before you even open your wallet or bag .
While credit card companies claim their no - swipe cards are encrypted and safe , several researchers have found that the information on RFID tags is shockingly easy to access .
The stainless steel in the wallet acts as a safeguard , creating what physicists call a Faraday cage : a shield that blocks out external electrical fields , keeping everything in your pocket safe from high - tech pickpockets .
The wallets are available for between $ 80 and $ 125 online or at the Stewart / Stand store in Brooklyn .
How To : Disable Your Passport's RFID Chip
The RFID Hacking Underground
Radical Fabrics Weave Wonders
Hindsight is a wonderful thing .
It ought to have been obvious , I suppose , that Google would buy YouTube and that something would emerge from the shadows to torpedo Sony 's PS3 .
( The killer device was the Nintendo Wii , a fiendishly clever gizmo which is my gadget of the year . )
The opening salvoes in the DVD format wars were also predictable - and indeed looked awfully like a rerun of the VHS - Betamax conflict .
Sony released Blu-ray and Toshiba et al unveiled HD DVD .
Both systems offer terrific picture quality and massive storage capacity but are - naturally - incompatible .
So consumers very sensibly sat on their hands and are likely to continue in that posture for some time .
And the ironic thing is - as Bill Gates observed - that this will be the last format war , ever .
Next time , movies will be beamed over the net rather than burned on to plastic .
This year was also the one in which old - media companies came out of denial about what they had hitherto regarded as an oxymoron , ' user - generated content ' - text , audio , imagery and video created and published by mere amateurs .
( Think of blogging , Flickr and YouTube . )
Having awoken from their slumbers , the Time - Warners of the world reasoned thus : how can we exploit this garbage ?
After all , there 's a serious financial opportunity here .
If you 're an old - media outfit , creating ' content ' is an expensive business : you have to hire producers , directors , studios , actors , writers and a host of other low - life types , pay them good money up front and wait until they produce the goods .
Only then can you start to make money from it .
But the explosion of user - generated content suggests that there are millions of schmucks out there who are willing to do all this for free !
So the question for the old - media world was : ' how do we cash in on this racket ? '
Predictably , Rupert Murdoch got there first with his purchase of MySpace in 2005 .
In 2006 his dozier counterparts salivated impotently as blogging , podcasting , image - hosting , video - publishing and social networking ( MySpace , Bebo , Facebook ) boomed .
The most pathetic symbol of this impotence was Time magazine 's ' Person of the Year ' feature .
' You - Yes , You - Are TIME 's Person of the Year ' , was the burbling headline on a cringe - making feature , and it went downhill from there .
The web , it explained , was a revolutionary tool .
' And we are so ready for it .
We 're ready to balance our diet of predigested news with raw feeds from Baghdad and Boston and Beijing .
You can learn more about how Americans live just by looking at the backgrounds of YouTube videos - those rumpled bedrooms and toy - strewn basement rec rooms - than you could from 1,000 hours of network television .
' And we did n't just watch , we also worked .
Like crazy .
We made Facebook profiles and Second Life avatars and reviewed books at Amazon and recorded podcasts .
We blogged about our candidates losing and wrote songs about getting dumped .
We camcordered bombing runs and built open - source software . '
Pass the sick - bag , Alice .
And note the use of the term ' we ' .
The best prediction for 2007 is ' more of the above ' .
Plus the continued decline of Microsoft and the inexorable rise of Google .
Next month Microsoft launches the consumer version of Vista - the latest , and possibly the last , version of Windows .
( Corporate customers have had it since November . )
Stand by for a lot of wailing , therefore , as consumers discover that they will need to buy new hardware to run it - and for the screams of pain from the poor saps who attempt to upgrade their existing kit .
The trauma of producing Vista has shaken Microsoft to the core , and revealed the extent to which it has become a middle - aged company which is poorly adapted for a net - centric world .
Its dominance of the PC has become a wasting asset , because the PC is no longer the cornerstone of our information ecology .
The network has become the computer , and it is Google , not Microsoft , that dominates there .
The extent of that dominance will become more apparent in 2007 .
It 's underestimated by the usual market - research statistics , which put Google 's market - share in the upper forties .
But I 've seen figures based on estimating the proportion of ' referrals ' - inbound links from search engines - that big e-commerce sites receive , and these suggest that Google 's real market share is already around 70 per cent .
The other big trend in 2007 will be ' virtualisation ' - software which enables a single computer to run many different operating systems simultaneously .
This makes sense for all kinds of reasons , but the most important is that the current generation of ' server farms ' which power Google , Amazon , eBay , and so on are financially and environmentally unsustainable .
Enormous sheds filled with thousands of servers consume too much power , and the only solution is to reduce the number of physical machines .
Virtualisation makes that possible , which is why it's an irresistible technology .
And guess what ?
The Vista Eula ( End User Licence Agreement ) contains a clause which prohibits running the commonest versions of Vista under virtualisation software .
Wonder if Gates ever heard of Canute ?
Context Free is a program that generates images from written instructions called a grammar .
The program follows the instructions in a few seconds to create images that can contain millions of shapes .
To readers of Make magazine :
We are delighted that Issue 17 has a four page article about Context Free by John Edgar Park .
After you 've downloaded the program , and worked through the article 's example , create some designs of your own and upload the best to our gallery .
For more information , check out our friendly forums .
Look
The gallery contains almost a thousand works of art created by artists from around the globe .
Create
Context Free is , well , free !
You can download the software and start creating art on your computer right now .
Read
Now available : A 150 page printed book featuring some of the best work from the Context Free Art gallery .
Once upon a time , I was working with a colleague who needed to do some quick data analysis to get a handle on the scope of a problem .
He was considering importing the data into a database or writing a program to parse and summarize that data .
Either of these options would have taken hours at least , and possibly days .
I wrote this on his whiteboard :
Your friends : cat , find , grep , wc , cut , sort , uniq
These simple commands can be combined to quickly answer the kinds of questions for which most people would turn to a database , if only the data were already in a database .
You can quickly ( often in seconds ) form and test hypotheses about virtually any record oriented data source .
Intended audience [ edit ]
You 've logged into a Unix box of some flavor and run some basic commands like ls and cd and cat .
If you do n't know what the ls command does , you need a more basic introduction to Unix than I 'm going to give here .
DIGG THIS
The Ten Commandments begin thus : " I am the Lord your God , who brought you out of Egypt , out of the land of slavery .
You shall have no other gods before me .
You shall not make for yourself an idol in the form of anything in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the waters below .
You shall not bow down to them or worship them . . . " ( Exodus 20:2 — 5a ) .
How I wish that Christians who are outraged over the removal of a monument of the Ten Commandments from a courthouse would instead concern themselves with their own fealty to the commandments !
If they did , these same conservative Christians would realize that they do indeed worship another god — one that they put on an equal footing with , if not above , the God of the Bible .
That god , of course , is the United States government ; and the idol of many of these Christians is George W. Bush .
How else can one explain the willingness — even eagerness — of so many Christians to accept the mass murder of their fellow human beings by their own government while harshly criticizing foreign governments or terrorist organizations for doing , or even contemplating , the same thing on a much smaller scale ?
For example , Joseph Farah , a professed Christian , recently endorsed Congressman Tom Tancredo ’s suggestion that terrorist attacks on the U.S. by al - Qaeda be met with nuclear attacks on Muslim cities from Mecca to Damascus , thus consigning millions to certain death as a result of the actions of a few who may or may not even reside in the cities which Farah wishes to bomb .
Farah rightly condemns the murder of innocent civilians by Muslim terrorists but then turns right around and proposes that the U.S. government murder many times more innocent civilians in retaliation for terrorist attacks .
If Farah is willing to allow his own government to play God with the lives of people in other countries , then he must consider that government to be the equal of God .
Talk about bowing down to idols !
The Catholic Sean Hannity , for his part , has expressed dismay that Michael Vick might serve only a year in prison for torturing dogs yet continues wholeheartedly to stand behind the U.S. government ’s policy of torturing human beings .
One suspects that Hannity would not condone the torture of dogs even if the government repealed the laws under which Vick is being prosecuted or , worse , actually encouraged or paid Vick to torture dogs .
Somehow , though , when the government says that torturing certain human beings is permissible and possibly even a patriotic duty , Hannity suddenly drops all his objections to the practice and excoriates those who continue to object .
The Bible clearly holds governments to the same standards as it does individuals ( see the story of David and Bathsheba in II Samuel 11 and 12 ) , but the alleged Christian Hannity does not .
The only explanation is that Hannity considers the U.S. government the equal of God , possessing the authority to make its own rules of conduct .
( Needless to say , Hannity is also in favor of our government ’s continued occupation of Iraq and its impending military actions against Iran . )
The agenda - driven pundits are , unfortunately , not the only ones who have conflated Uncle Sam and Father God .
I recently received an email from an acquaintance which requested that I say the following prayer : " Lord , hold our troops in your loving hands .
Protect them as they protect us .
Bless them and their families for the selfless acts they perform for us in our time of need .
Amen . "
It ’s misguided and sickening .
The troops are not protecting us from anything ; they are invading and occupying foreign countries that have done us no harm .
We are in far more danger from the regime in Washington , D.C. , which controls the troops and could easily use them against us , than we are from the regimes in Tehran , Damascus , or Pyongyang .
Why should God bless invaders who have brought death and destruction to millions of innocent people ?
Even worse than the prayer were the accompanying images .
Take this one ( right ) , for example .
The clear implication is that God is the power behind the U.S. military , which is doing his work throughout the world — you know , bombing , killing , maiming , and all those other wonderful things that the God who is described as the embodiment of love ( I John 4:8 ) would be doing if he were n’t so busy doing bleeding - heart liberal things like showing mercy and forgiveness .
Furthermore , the Ephesians passage is blatantly misapplied to a flesh - and - blood struggle for power in the physical world .
The passage is , in fact , part of the Apostle Paul ’s description of the " full armor of God " ( Ephesians 6:11 ) , which he clearly states is not for use " against flesh and blood , but against the rulers , against the authorities , against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms " ( Ephesians 6:12 ) .
Turning that passage into an endorsement of the U.S. military ’s imperial adventures is to make a liar of Paul and , by extension , God .
Even more egregious than that picture , however , is this one ( left ) .
Here we have the cross , the very symbol of love , redemption , and forgiveness through Jesus Christ , juxtaposed with the flag , the symbol of the U.S. government and its world - girdling empire built on violence and bloodshed .
Without doubt , the irony of the association of an implement of state - sanctioned torture and execution with Old Glory is lost on the person who came up with this piece of blasphemy .
The federal government , like all governments , subsists on theft and retains and expands its power through force and the threat of force .
Jesus , on other hand , forces himself on no one and , as Joseph Sobran recently noted , rejected the kind of power we now invest in our presidents and , I add , which so many Christians worship as long as it is in the hands of George W. Bush .
Further proof of the complete lack of a sense of irony on the part of these worshipers of Uncle Sam ’s " benevolent global hegemony " comes in the form of this last image from the email ( right ) .
A boy attends the funeral of his father , a U.S. Marine , and struggles to hold back the tears .
Now if that does n’t make you reconsider the whole imperial project , which is directly responsible for thousands of such scenes across America , then you either have a heart of stone or are so blinded by state worship that you consider the death of a father and resulting instability in his family a sacrifice worth making to your god .
If the latter is the case , you ’re in good company : Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright considered the deaths of half a million Iraqi children as a result of U.S. bombings and sanctions to be a worthy sacrifice to Moloch , too .
So , dear Christian brother or sister , which is it ?
Do you genuinely try to obey the Ten Commandments ; or are you merely concerned that they be displayed somewhere , preferably on government property where , perhaps , they will add a sense of legitimacy to the state ?
Does
God make rules that apply to both individuals and governments , or are governments free to write their own rules if doing so makes you feel safer ?
Is it the crime of the century for Osama bin Laden to engineer the deaths of 3,000 Americans but a boon to humanity for George W. Bush to take actions that have resulted in the deaths of another 3,000 Americans ( and counting ) and untold thousands of Iraqis and Afghans ?
Be careful how you answer those questions .
You may find that you do have another god , the U.S. government , before the one you claim to worship " with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind " ( Matthew 22:37 ) .
The Best of Michael Tennant
We offer the best limo service in the Florida area .
Our amazing fleet of limos includes standard stretch limos , Hummer limos , Escalades and Excursions .
There are many more options to choose from .
Call us today and we can send you photos of all of our vehicles !
You will see limousine interiors and exteriors so you can make the right choice with Limo Service FL .
Get a FREE Quote !
954-828-0219
Fort Lauderdale Limousine Rental
Our exotic limo rental collection is the best in South Florida .
We offer dozens of vehicles to choose from .
Our limo company specializes in weddings , bachelor parties , bachelorette parties , birthdays , concerts , and sports events .
We will cater our limo service to make your special day even more memorable !
Our customer service team is the best in the limo business and will have you riding the hottest vehicles in South Florida .
South Florida Limo Service
It is easy to make the reservations of your South Florida limo , just give us a call 954-828-0219 .
You can sign into the website of limo service and enter the required details to book the perfect limo for your need .
You can specify the type of vehicle needed by you in the form .
Here ’s the deal :
You can find vehicles that can accommodate 3 to 14 passengers .
The fleet lineup includes , Cadillac , Chrysler , stretch limousine , Lincoln , Mercedes Benz , ford executive and many more .
You can find packages convenient for all occasions , corporate events , etc .
Our limos will take care of all your travel needs to give you maximum comfort .
( 954 ) 828-0219
Fort Lauderdale Limo Prices
Our Limo Service has affordable rates .
Our service compares all of the local limo service providers in the Ft Lauderdale area to find you the best deal .
Depending on the day and time you require limo service , prices will vary .
Our limo service rates are super competitive and we often beat the competition ’s prices for limos .
If you are traveling with a larger group of friends and family , be sure to check out our Ft Lauderdale Party Bus rentals .
Ft Lauderdale Airport Transportation
We are not just limited to providing our limos and buses for party purposes , if you have a special client who deserves a special ride to and from Ft Lauderdale Airport you can count on your services .
Just give us a call from your cell phone or make a booking over the net and we will be there on time to throw a VIP reception for your special client .
Here are some additional resources for you : Limo Service Orlando , Party Bus Tampa , Miami Limousines
Check Limo Prices
LIKE PIRATES , terrorists are supposedly hostis humani generis -- the “ enemy of all mankind . ”
So why is the Bush administration letting one of the world ’s most notorious terrorists stroll freely around the United States ?
I ’m talking about a man who was -- until 9/11 -- perhaps the most successful terrorist in the Western Hemisphere .
He ’s believed to have masterminded a 1976 plot to blow up a civilian airliner , killing all 73 people on board , including teenage members of Cuba ’s national fencing team .
He ’s admitted to pulling off a series of 1997 bombings aimed at tourist hotels and nightspots .
Today , he ’s living illegally in the United States , but senior members of the Bush administration -- the very guys who declared war on terror just a few short years ago -- do n’t seem terribly bothered .
I ’m talking about Luis Posada Carriles .
That ’s not a household name for most U.S. citizens , but for many in Latin America , Posada is as reviled as Osama bin Laden is in the United States .
The Cuban - born Posada was trained by the CIA at the School of the Americas in 1961 .
From Venezuela , he later planned the successful 1976 bombing of a civilian Cuban jetliner ( apparently with the knowledge of the CIA ) .
He was arrested for the crime , but he escaped from a Venezuelan prison before standing trial .
Advertisement
Posada later aided Ollie North ’s illegal efforts to get arms to the Nicaraguan Contras , tried repeatedly to assassinate Fidel Castro and was behind a 1997 string of Havana hotel bombings .
Recently declassified U.S. government documents suggest that , throughout most of his career , Posada remained in close contact with the CIA .
Posada entered the U.S. illegally in 2005 .
Human rights groups and the Cuban and Venezuelan governments urged that he be tried or extradited for his terrorist activities , but for several months the Bush administration denied that Posada was even in the United States .
On May 17 , 2005 , the Miami Herald shamed the administration into action by publishing a front - page interview with Posada ( who sipped his peach drink on his Florida balcony , described his leisure reading and commented cheerfully that at first he “ thought the [ U.S. ] government was looking for me ” but eventually realized that U.S. officials had no interest in finding him ) .
Only then did the administration detain Posada -- but on immigration charges , not terrorism - related charges .
Since 2005 , the administration seems to have done everything in its power to botch the immigration case against Posada , mishandling it so blatantly that on Wednesday an exasperated federal judge declared herself “ left with no choice ” but to throw out the indictment .
Although a different judge previously ordered Posada deported , Posada ca n’t legally be extradited to Venezuela because the court concluded that he might be tortured there .
Advertisement
So for now , Posada ’s a free man -- even though the administration has sufficient evidence to arrest him for his role in either the 1976 airliner bombing or the 1997 Havana bombings .
For that matter , Posada easily could be detained under Section 412 of the Patriot Act , which calls for the mandatory detention of aliens suspected of terrorism .
The administration ’s approach to Posada contrasts jarringly with its approach to suspected Al Qaeda terrorists .
With the latter , the administration wastes no time on legal niceties .
Foreign nationals have been illegally “ rendered ” to countries where they faced torture , interrogated in secret CIA prisons and sent to languish at Guantanamo , sometimes on the flimsiest of evidence .
Even U.S. citizens suspected of terrorist activities have been dubbed “ unlawful enemy combatants ” and deprived of their constitutional rights .
So why is the administration dragging its feet on arresting and charging Posada ?
It ’s not as if the evidence against Posada is seriously in dispute .
In 1998 , for instance , he “ proudly admitted authorship of the hotel bomb attacks ” to the New York Times , “ describ[ing ] them as acts of war intended to cripple a totalitarian regime by depriving it of foreign tourism and investment . ”
He dismissed the civilian casualties as “ sad ” but assured the reporter that he slept “ like a baby . ”
( When asked about these admissions in 2005 by the Miami Herald , he coyly replied , “ Let ’s leave it to history . ” )
If all this sounds eerily familiar , it should .
We ’ve heard the same callous justifications for terrorism from Bin Laden and Khalid Shaikh Mohammed .
Advertisement
The administration ’s failure to make serious efforts to prosecute Posada is hypocritical but politically expedient .
A trial might expose past CIA misdeeds and risk alienating Florida ’s hard - line Cuban exiles , a voting bloc the administration has long cherished .
After 9/11 , the phrase “ one man ’s terrorist is another man ’s freedom fighter ” went out of fashion .
But though no one will openly admit it , the idea still seems to hold some currency within the Bush administration .
*
rbrooks@latimescolumnists.com
HILLIARD , Ohio --
A high school student who tricked football fans from a crosstown rival into holding up signs that together spelled out , " We Suck , " was suspended and banned temporarily from extracurricular activities for the prank , according to the school 's principal .
Kyle Garchar , a senior at Hilliard Davidson High School in suburban Columbus , said he spent about 20 hours over three days plotting the trick , which was captured on video and posted on the video - sharing Web site YouTube .
He said he was inspired by a similar prank pulled by Yale students in 2004 , when Harvard fans were duped into holding up cards with the same message .
Davidson Principal John Bandow had told students that he
expected them to show sportsmanship at the game , which Darby won
21 -10 .
Bandow gave Garchar and two students who helped him three days
of in - school suspension and banned them from extracurricular
activities for a semester , the students said .
Two Darby students who helped Garchar received the same punishment after the principals from both schools spoke by
phone .
Hilliard schools spokeswoman Michelle Wray said she could n't
confirm the punishment because the Federal Education Rights and
Privacy
Act forbids the release of student disciplinary
information .
" We were n't expecting it to be such a severe punishment , " said
Jen Trimmer , 17 , one of the students involved .
" We just thought it
was all in good fun . "
At the end of the video , Garchar wryly thanks the 800 Hilliard
Darby High School supporters who raised the cards at the start of
the third quarter during last Friday 's football game .
" It could n't have been done without you , " reads the closing
frame of the video .
Garchar , 17 , created a grid to plan how the message would be
spelled out once fans in three sections held up either a black or
white piece of construction paper .
Directions left on stadium seats instructed fans to check that
the number listed on their papers matched their seat numbers .
Darby
supporters were told the message would read " Go Darby . "
" It was tedious , " Garchar said .
" I did n't really think it was
going to work . "
But it did , and everyone at Davidson has been talking it ever
since , said Jordan Moore , a junior .
" That was the ultimate in - your - face , " he said .
" I think it
was ingenious . "
Calorie restriction ( CR ) extends lifespan in many organisms .
Early on , we believed that the longevity benefits were due to the decrease in available energy and the concomitant slowing of metabolism — a hypothesis that might be paraphrased as “ The candle that burns twice as bright burns but half as long . ”
Genetic studies have revealed , however , that the life - extension due to CR is probably due to molecular sensors of available energy ( or possibly even of single specific amino acids ) , which control the cellular signaling pathways that actually implement the CR phenotype .
One implication of this idea is the hope that we might someday develop calorie restriction mimetics : drugs that would bypass the upstream sensors and activate the downstream effectors directly , allowing us to eat as much as we want while reaping the benefits of CR .
Further evidence that it ’s not how much you eat , but how much you think you ’re eating , comes from a recent report that the very smell of food can control lifespan in flies , regardless of what food the flies are actually consuming .
From Libert et al. :
Smell is an ancient sensory system present in organisms from bacteria to humans .
In the nematode Caeonorhabditis elegans , gustatory and olfactory neurons regulate aging and longevity .
Using the fruit fly , Drosophila melanogaster , we show that exposure to nutrient - derived odorants can modulate lifespan and partially reverse the longevity - extending effects of dietary restriction .
Furthermore , mutation of odorant receptor Or83b results in severe olfactory defects , alters adult metabolism , enhances stress resistance , and extends lifespan .
Our findings indicate that olfaction affects adult physiology and aging in Drosophila possibly through perceived availability of nutritional resources and that olfactory regulation of lifespan is evolutionarily conserved .
So the flies smell the food ; they think they ’re getting fed ; and they do n’t live as long .
At this early stage , it ’s anyone ’s guess whether this sort of phenomenon occurs in mammals .
If it does , one might speculate that individuals with damage to their olfactory sensors ( i.e. , noses ) might reap some of the benefits of CR without alterations in diet .
One also wonders whether there might be odors that work in the other direction ( what ’s the opposite of a food smell ? ) .
Might we someday boost lifespan by aromatherapy ?
( For more on this story , see also Marc Tatar ’s minireview , “ A Smell to Die For , ” in the March issue of Developmental Cell . )
George W. Bush – who asserts his unlimited personal authority to kill , kidnap , torture and spy on anyone of his choosing anywhere in the world – opened his annual speech to the United Nations by hailing the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
The U.S. President pushed the envelope of the world ’s credulity even further by citing the U.N. ’s Universal Declaration of 1948 as justification for his “ war on terror ” and his draconian policies for eliminating “ terrorists ” or other threats to world order with little or no due process .
“ Achieving the promise of the Declaration requires confronting long - term threats ; it also requires answering the immediate needs of today , ” including destruction of terrorist networks and “ bringing to justice their operatives , ” Bush said in his Sept. 25 address to the United Nations .
However , Bush ’s vision of his near - divine right to smite whomever he judges to be a dangerous enemy flies in the face of the actual Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Indeed , Bush must assume that no one in the American press will bother to even check what those rights entail .
If U.S. journalists did pull up a copy of the Declaration , they would find that among its 30 proclaimed rights are these :
--“ Everyone has the right to life , liberty and security of person . ”
-- “ No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment . ”
--“ Everyone has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law . ”
-- “ No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest , detention or exile . ”
--“ Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal , in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him . ”
-- “ Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defense . ”
-- “ No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy , family , home or correspondence , nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks . ”
--“ Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek , receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers . ”
--“ Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State , group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein . ”
Violated Rights
Though Bush and his “ war on terror ” arguably have violated many if not all these rights , he still cites the Declaration as the foundation for his international policies – and remains confident that the U.S. press corps wo n’t challenge him .
Bush has never backed away from his assertion that he can designate anyone he wants an “ enemy combatant ” and have that person either executed on sight or locked up without charges indefinitely .
Nor has he recanted on his claimed authority to subject detainees to harsh interrogation that much of the world regards as torture .
The evidence is now overwhelming that some detainees in CIA custody were subjected to simulated drowning known as “ waterboarding ” while others were stripped naked , beaten , soaked with cold water in frigid rooms , kept blindfolded for long periods , put into painful “ stress positions ” or subjected to sleep deprivation .
Under Bush ’s orders , the CIA also has kidnapped suspected Islamists who were shipped via “ extraordinary renditions ” to countries that practice torture , including confining detainees in coffin - like boxes .
Contradicting the classic definition of inalienable rights – that is , the inherent right of everyone to possess certain fundamental protections under the law – Bush has flipped the concept , asserting his unilateral right to do whatever he wants to people he judges to be threats to “ innocent ” Americans or U.S. allies .
“ When innocent people are trapped in a life of murder and fear , the Declaration is not being upheld , ” Bush said .
Bush thus presents himself as the great protector of the innocents , meting out rough justice to evil - doers even if that means forgetting about due process and killing a lot of innocent bystanders along the way .
For instance , the President appears oblivious to the fact that his unprovoked invasion of Iraq in 2003 touched off violence that has claimed the lives of almost 4,000 American soldiers and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis , with some estimates exceeding one million .
In Bush ’s view , he is always in right and his adversaries are either evil or woefully blind to the reality he sees .
Bush looks at the world through his own powerful prism that turns everything upside down .
He is Bush the Beneficent , the all - wise defender of " universal rights , " a man of peace and justice .
He expects others to see things just as he does .
_______
About author Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , can be ordered at Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth . '
Robert Parry 's web site is Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , , can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It 's also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , Robert Parry 's web site is Consortium News
Last week , I read an article that irritated me enough to schedule it into my blog .
It referenced several parts of an extensive study on family behavior , done by Nickelodeon .
You can read the full article here : http://news.com.com/2009-1025-6153574.html?tag=yt
When I started reading , I saw a few things I agreed with - technology blurring boundaries between work and home , the vast majority of kids spending a good chunk of time online .
Then I got to the 8th paragraph .
And I read this :
" The study showed that , thanks to the Internet , a quarter of parents believe it's no longer necessary to spell well , reference printed dictionaries , or read the newspaper .
Kids ages 8 to 14 agreed in slightly lesser percentages ( an average of one - fifth ) about the usefulness of spelling well , dictionaries and newspapers , except when it came to printed maps .
" AGH !
Few things aggravate me faster than willful ignorance .
Yet that 's precisely what this amounts to - kids and parents ( PARENTS ! ) actively refusing to learn .
One of the most basic communications skills , to boot .
( In case you can't tell , this will be a somewhat - angry post ! )
Despite this quarter of parents and fifth of kids , spelling is absolutely necessary to learn in a technological society .
Many times more essential than in a non-technological society , I would say .
You might think that obvious .
You went to school , they taught you this .
You know you have to spell correctly .
You 're right , but I 've actually come across people for whom education is not a suitable reason to value things like spelling .
( Gee , does n't seem so surprising now that I read that article ... )
So here .
I 'm going to list some reasons why spelling is essential in our society .
Concrete reasons , proof undeniable .
Let those parents argue with these .
You need spelling to :
If you can't spell , you will have trouble reading .
It 's ironic , but the technology these parents claim invalidates the need to spell is one of the areas where spelling is needed just to understand it !
For example , reading instructions , websites , documentation , manuals , game screens ... need I go on ?
Since we 're talking about parents and children here , let me break this one down to school and work scenarios .
In school , children need spelling for understandable reports , speeches , and tests .
Write something the teacher does n't understand ?
Bad grade .
In a work scenario , you have things like sending emails , giving directions on projects , training , etc .
Write something your boss does n't understand ?
Pink slip .
How do you expect anyone else to listen to you when anything you write , any effort you make to communicate what you want or need , is unreadable ?
Nowhere is language more demonstrably important than in addressing others when you do not share the same culture .
Basic needs , different customs , unique social protocols all come into consideration .
Wars have been fought over simple cultural misunderstandings in language .
I can't emphasize the importance highly enough .
When 80 % of corporate employees already have trouble communicating their needs to one another , seeing things like the Nickelodeon study results justme .
If you 'd told me something like this ten years ago , I would n't have believed you .
Unfortunately , now I know the grim truth .
If we teach one generation to ignore communication , the next wo n't be able to communicate effectively at all .
How do we expect to get anything done ?
How do we expect our society to survive ?
Tags : education
Adobe 's introduced a powerful new component it 'll be placing into its Flash Video Player 9 , adding support for that red - hot H.264 codec , the video compression routine that 's behind Blu-ray , HD DVD and lots of HD goodness all over the videoscape .
Adobe 's also heightened the efficiency of Flash audio , adding AAC audio compression .
Perhaps the most important part of the announcement is the addition of hardware acceleration for playback of all different types of full - screen video .
Advertisement
What does that mean for us ?
Over the next few months , watching video over the web ( think YouTube , MySpace video , streaming video everywhere ) will be noticeably improved , finally taking advantage of those fancy graphics cards you have tucked into your PCs and Macs and H.264 , too .
Another big plus is that the AAC audio codec is so efficient that it frees up more processor power for handling video .
Adobe also told us it 's slipped in better support of multi-core processors as well .
Adobe 's offering this latest addition to Flash 9 , code - named Moviestar , as a beta download now , and says this fall it will be rolling out as an automatic download into the Flash support that 's spread across 98 % of the Web .
The men and women who bring us our daily TV weather forecasts had their belief in global warming and faith in climate scientists damaged by the ' Climategate ' scandal say researchers at George Mason University .
The university 's Center for Climate Change Communication and Center for Social Science Research surveyed weathercasters early in 2010 to see what effect the release of hacked emails from the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research Unit ( UAE CRU ) had had on their views about climate change .
While investigations concluded that scientists at the UEA CRU had not manipulated data to back global warming theory , climate skeptics made much of the leak and the contents of the emails received widespread media coverage .
Eighty two percent of the weathercasters surveyed by George Mason University had paid attention to the ' Climategate ' story and , of these , 42 percent said they had become more skeptical about global warming .
Those most likely to have their views changed were those who were already skeptics or had not yet formed a view on global warming .
Men were more likely than women to become more skeptical as were weathercasters with politically conservative views .
Neither age nor the level of professional training undertaken was an indicator that a respondent was more likely to doubt global warming .
Ed Maibach , one of the GMU research team , said : '' Although subsequent investigations showed that the climate scientists had done nothing wrong , the allegation of wrongdoing undermined many weathercasters ' confidence in the conclusions of climate science , at least temporarily . ''
Maibach , who is now working on a further project to measure the effects the views of weathercasters have on their audience , added : '' Most members of the public consider television weather reporters to be a trusted source of information about global warming - only scientists are viewed as more trustworthy . ''
'' Our research here is based on the premise that weathercasters , if given the opportunity and resources , can become an important source of climate change education for a broad cross section of Americans . ''
WASHINGTON , July 20 — After months of behind the scenes wrangling , the White House said Friday that it had given the Central Intelligence Agency approval to resume its use of some harsh interrogation methods in questioning terrorism suspects in secret prisons overseas .
With the new authorization , administration officials said the C.I.A. could now proceed with an interrogation program that has been in limbo since the Supreme Court ruled last year that all prisoners in American captivity be treated in accordance with Geneva Convention prohibitions against humiliating and degrading treatment of detainees .
An executive order signed by President Bush allows the C.I.A. to use some interrogation methods banned for military interrogators but that the Justice Department has determined do not violate the Geneva strictures .
In a message to agency employees on Friday , General Michael V. Hayden , the C.I.A. director , said the executive order allows agency employees to “ focus on our vital work , confident that our mission and authorities are clearly defined . ”
General Hayden said that information obtained through the interrogation program had been “ irreplaceable , ” though he said extraordinary techniques had been used on fewer than half of about 100 prisoners who had spent time in C.I.A. custody .
# 126273 +( 5968 ) - [ X ] ( JHawk111420 )
Hey whats up , a/s/l ?
( Lady Renegade ) more than you want , I 'm sure :)
( JHawk111420 ) ill take that as a challenge ;-)
( Lady Renegade ) take it any way you want sweetie
( JHawk111420 ) k , how old are ya ?
( Lady Renegade ) probably too old for you , but let 's pretend I 'm 20 ;)
( JHawk111420 ) k , what do ya look like ?
( Lady Renegade ) before or after I 'm dressed up ?
( JHawk111420 ) both :-D
( Lady Renegade ) well ...... after I 'm dressed up , I have long sexy red hair , nails painted red to match the slinky dress I have on , stiletto heels , pouty lips , green eyes , boobs out to here , and a smile that stops
traffic
( JHawk111420 ) and before your dressed up ?
( Lady Renegade ) before I 'm dressed up , I 'm bald and wearing boxers ... sometimes my weenie is peeking out
( Lady Renegade ) hello ?
( Lady Renegade ) hello ?
( Lady Renegade ) hello ....
Iran 's most senior diplomat , Ali Larijani , called for a " delegation " to rule on whether a British naval patrol entered Iranian waters last month before his government would release the 15 marines and sailors it is holding captive .
Laying out what appeared to be a vague road map for the freeing of the British personnel , Mr Larijani said that , if it was found they had crossed into Iranian territory , there should be an apology and they would then be released .
He gave some conciliatory signals in an interview with Channel Four News , saying the Iranian government was not interested in putting the detainees on trial , but warned that might change if Britain attempted to impose more international pressure on Tehran .
" We are not interested in this issue getting more complicated , " said Mr Larijani , the secretary - general of Iran 's national security council .
" Our interest is in solving this problem as soon as possible .
This issue can be resolved , and there is no need for any trial .
There should be a delegation to review the case ... to clarify whether they have been in our territorial waters or not . "
Mr Larijani did not specify whether the delegation he was requesting should be British or international , but he did say the issue should be solved " bilaterally " .
His remarks could be a response to an offer by Britain to send a team of naval experts and diplomats to discuss how to avoid a repetition of the crisis .
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said last night : " We are still studying Dr Larijani 's remarks .
" There remain some differences between us , but we can confirm we share his preference for early bilateral discussions to find a diplomatic solution to this problem .
We will be following this up with the Iranian authorities tomorrow , given our shared desire to make early progress . "
However , British officials are adamant that the team of experts would not be going to negotiate the captives ' release , and would focus on the future rather than on the March 23 incident .
They said proposed talks would ideally improve the current atmosphere , but would not include acceptance of Iranian claims that the British patrol had entered Iranian waters .
Earlier in the day , Iranian media noted " positive changes " in negotiations with Britain over the crisis .
They said that was the reason they did not broadcast " confessions " of a territorial incursion by all 15 captives , which Iran says it has recorded .
So far , four have been shown " admitting " that they had entered Iranian waters .
The head of Iran 's parliamentary committee on foreign policy and national security , Allaeddin Broujerdi , seemed to echo the British suggestion for talks yesterday when he told state radio : " There is a need for a bilateral agreement to prevent such an event in the future . "
In seeking the captives ' release , Britain has been seeking help from Iran 's allies .
Syria 's president , Bashar al - Assad , has intervened , the Guardian has learned .
Mr Assad raised the issue with the Iranian foreign minister , Manuchehr Mottaki , at the Arab summit conference in Riyadh last Wednesday .
It came shortly before Mr Mottaki told an Iranian TV station that the captured sailor Leading Seaman Faye Turney would be released shortly .
The move followed a direct appeal to Damascus by Sir Nigel Sheinwald , Tony Blair 's chief foreign policy adviser .
It came only five months after Sir Nigel visited the Syrian capital in an attempt to persuade Mr Assad to distance himself from Iran .
British officials have been impressed by Syria 's readiness to help in the dispute with Iran , and have singled it out for praise in recent days .
John Bolton , the Bush administration 's former ambassador to the UN , yesterday criticised the British government for its " weak " and " passive " response to Iran over the captives .
" If I were sitting in Tehran , I would say , ' I played this card against the Brits and they did everything but plead with me to give these people back ' , " he told CNN .
" I think that tells the Iranians quite a bit about European resolve . "
After a night of heaving drinking with George Clooney , Danny Devito appeared on The View .
The network censors had to jump in during his comments about President Bush .
See whatyou think .
Après Orange et Neuf ,
Free annonce le lancement mi-septembre 2007 de son offre fibre , au même prix que l'ADSL , sur les 15 ème et 20ème arrondissements de Paris .
Pour 29,99 euros par mois , « les abonnés éligibles » bénéficieront d'une offre FTTH ( fibre jusqu'à l'abonné ) avec : un débit Internet annoncé à 100 Mbp /s en réception , 50 Mbp /s en émission , l'abonnement téléphonique et les appels illimités vers les postes fixes de 49 destinations dont la France métropolitaine et , enfin , un bouquet de chaînes complété de nouveaux services .
Ces services incluent l'accès sur deux téléviseurs « à plus de 100 chaînes de télévision ainsi que des chaînes en haute définition ( HD ) » , précise la filiale Internet du groupe dans un communiqué .
Enfin , deux boîtiers Freebox donneront accès aux services TV : une nouvelle Freebox optique ( routeur WiFi ) compatible haute définition dotée de 4 ports Ethernet et la Freebox HD avec magnétoscope numérique .
Les deux boitiers pourront être reliés en Ethernet ou en WiFi .
« L'installation sera réalisée dans un délai d'un mois à compter de la validation de la demande de l'abonné » , précise Free .
Par ailleurs , l'offre est valable « sous réserve d'éligibilité et des autorisations nécessaires des gestionnaires » , bailleurs , syndics , etc. , des immeubles concernés .
Les concurrents de Free ont déjà lancé leurs offres fibres : Orange ( France Télécom ) a lancé en mars une offre fibre sur Paris et sur certains départements franciliens .
Pour 44,90 euros par mois , l'opérateur propose un accès à Internet à 100 Mbp /s en réception , 10 Mbp /s en émission , la TV et la téléphonie illimitée . , de son côté , a lancé au printemps sur la capitale l'offre « 100 % Neuf Box en fibre optique ».
Facturée 29,90 euros par mois , elle inclut l'Internet à très haut débit ( jusqu'à 50 Mbp / s en réception et en émission ) , la téléphonie illimitée et la TVHD .
Illustration by Daniel Pudles
“ THEY hate our freedoms . ”
So said George Bush in a speech to the American Congress shortly after the attacks on America in September 2001 .
But how well , at home , have America and the other Western democracies defended those precious freedoms during the “ war on terror ” ?
As we intend to show in a series of articles starting this week ( see article ) , the past six years have seen a steady erosion of civil liberties even in countries that regard themselves as liberty 's champions .
Arbitrary arrest , indefinite detention without trial , “ rendition ” , suspension of habeas corpus , even torture — who would have thought such things possible ?
Governments argue that desperate times demand such remedies .
They face a murderous new enemy who lurks in the shadows , will stop at nothing and seeks chemical , biological and nuclear weapons .
This renders the old rules and freedoms out of date .
Besides , does not international humanitarian law provide for the suspension of certain liberties “ in times of a public emergency that threatens the life of the nation ” ?
There is great force in this argument .
There is , alas , always force in such arguments .
This is how governments through the ages have justified grabbing repressive new powers .
During the second world war the democracies spied on their own citizens , imposed censorship and used torture to extract information .
America interned its entire Japanese - American population — a decision now seen to have been a cruel mistake .
There are those who see the fight against al - Qaeda as a war like the second world war or the cold war .
But the first analogy is wrong and the moral of the second is not the one intended .
A hot , total war like the second world war could not last for decades , so the curtailment of domestic liberties was short - lived .
But because nobody knew whether the cold war would ever end ( it lasted some 40 years ) , the democracies chose by and large not to let it change the sort of societies they wanted to be .
This was a wise choice not only because of the freedom it bestowed on people in the West during those decades , but also because the West 's freedoms became one of the most potent weapons in its struggle against its totalitarian foes .
If the war against terrorism is a war at all , it is like the cold war — one that will last for decades .
Although a real threat exists , to let security trump liberty in every case would corrode the civilised world 's sense of what it is and wants to be .
When liberals put the case for civil liberties , they sometimes claim that obnoxious measures do not help the fight against terrorism anyway .
The Economist is liberal but disagrees .
We accept that letting secret policemen spy on citizens , detain them without trial and use torture to extract information makes it easier to foil terrorist plots .
To eschew such tools is to fight terrorism with one hand tied behind your back .
But that — with one hand tied behind their back — is precisely how democracies ought to fight terrorism .
Take torture , arguably the hardest case ( and the subject of the first article in our series ) .
A famous thought experiment asks what you would do with a terrorist who knew the location of a ticking nuclear bomb .
Logic says you would torture one man to save hundreds of thousands of lives , and so you would .
But this a fictional dilemma .
In the real world , policemen are seldom sure whether the many ( not one ) suspects they want to torture know of any plot , or how many lives might be at stake .
All that is certain is that the logic of the ticking bomb leads down a slippery slope where the state is licensed in the name of the greater good to trample on the hard - won rights of any one and therefore all of its citizens .
Human rights are part of what it means to be civilised .
Locking up suspected terrorists — and why not potential murderers , rapists and paedophiles , too ? — before they commit crimes would probably make society safer .
Dozens of plots may have been foiled and thousands of lives saved as a result of some of the unsavoury practices now being employed in the name of fighting terrorism .
Dropping such practices in order to preserve freedom may cost many lives .
So be it .
Getting to work could take on a whole new dimension
It is the M 200G , otherwise known as a " flying saucer " , which is being built by a company in Davis , California called Moller International .
It says the futuristic contraption will go on sale in a few months and hopes to expand production to 250 a year .
Company representatives say it is easy to operate , with plenty of leg room and space for a passenger .
But customers may still have a while to wait .
So far , the flying car 's inventor has been hard at work for more than four decades - and despite frequent assurances that success is just around the corner , the vehicle has yet to get anywhere near the mass market .
' Highway in the sky '
Capable of vertical take - off and landing , the craft - so far a one - off prototype - hovers like a helicopter up to 10ft off the ground .
Any higher and the driver would need a pilot 's licence .
It is the brainchild of Dr Paul Moller , an aeronautics engineer who envisions a " highway in the sky " which he believes could cut conventional commuter traffic in half .
" We have this wonderful natural resource above us , " Dr Moller told the BBC .
" Look at the sky above us - how many aircraft do you see ?
It 's a great space that is not being utilised .
That is what we plan to use .
Cars are finished as a means of getting around .
It 's only a matter of time . "
The flying saucer is powered by eight engines which can run on petrol , diesel or even ethanol .
Dr Moller and his team say they have already conducted more than 200 test flights and say the flying saucer could prove useful to rescue teams as well as landowners .
Faster versions
Moller International has yet to establish which US agency - the Federal Aviation Administration or the Department of Transport - will authorise its use .
It sees the flying saucer as a precursor to the M400 - otherwise known as the " Skycar " - which looks a bit like the Batmobile , also boasts vertical take - off and landing , and can be driven on the road as well as flown through the sky .
The company is currently offering an M400 for sale on its website at between $ 500,000 and $ 1 m , depending on how many orders it receives .
Dr Moller says the Skycar could be in production within six years or so , and promises a vehicle capable of climbing 6,000ft a minute and travelling at up to 400 miles an hour .
Many promises
But the promise has been made several times before .
In 2003 , the US financial watchdog , the Securities and Exchange Commission , filed a case against Dr Moller alleging that he had used " false and misleading statements " when trying to find fresh investors .
One example contained in court documents claimed that in 1997 his company 's promotional material had predicted 10,000 sales of a 400 - mile - an - hour flying car by 2002 , and had promised a stock market listing - and a sharp rise in share prices - which never materialised .
The case was later settled out of court , with the company paying a civil penalty of $ 50,000 .
So If Dr Moller and his magnificent men get their way , the days of dropping in to the shops or the office may not be far away .
But eager amateur aviators may be well - advised not to hold their breath .
Fred Thompson : Dissent makes US ' weak , ' carries ' heavy price ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 7 , 2007
Print This Email This
In his first interview since declaring his presidential candidacy , Fred Thompson repeatedly warned against the perils of a " weak and divided " nation , raised the specter of unspecified terrorists with suitcase bombs , and expressed a willingness to employ nuclear weapons against Iran .
" If you 're politically committed against this war and to do something to further harm the president , the way the Democrats seem to be in Congress , then anything [ in the Petraeus Report ] that 's a mixed message is going to be seized upon in a negative way , " Thompson told Fox News on Thursday .
" If we look weak and divided in this country , we 're going to pay a heavy price for it in the future , " he went on .
" We 're living in the era of the suitcase bomb .
And they 're not going to go away .
They 're here now , they 're armed and dangerous , and they 're trying to get weapons of mass destruction . "
When asked about Iran , Thompson replied , " They 're killing our people as we speak .
...
We cannot allow this to go on forever .
...
Within the next few years , most experts think , well on their way to making a nuclear weapon .
... I do n't know how much stark the situation could be .
They perceive us as being weak , they perceive us as being divided , and they think they could get away with anything . "
" The nucl -- the military or nuclear option or whatever certainly should be the last thing to be considered , " continued Thompson .
Referring to public discontent within Iran and raising the hope of a revolution in that nation , he suggested , " There are also a lot of good things that could happen between now and then but there are no options that can be taken off the table . "
The following video is from Fox 's Hannity & Colmes , broadcast on September 6 .
# Transcript : HANNITY : Let 's talk about during the debate last night , the big three issues obviously were the war in Iraq , the war on terrorism , immigration is a big issue , certainly not only for the conservative base but for the security of the country , and economic issues .
Starting with Iraq , we 're going to hear from General Petraeus .
What is your feeling there ?
THOMPSON : I get the feeling that General Petraeus is going to have basically what should be considered good news for us .
It really depends on which way you lean , Sean .
If you 're politically committed against this war and to do something to try to further harm the president , the way the Democrats seem to be in Congress , then anything that 's a mixed message is going to be seized upon in a negative way .
But if you understand that this is a part of a global conflict , and if we look weak and divided and cannot get our own people together toward maximizing the advantages that we have as we 're making progress in the Anbar province and we 're making progress in getting some of these local tribal leaders , going from the grassroots up , you might say , as we 'd call it in this country , and making some real progress on the ground , not necessarily in the capital enough but all over the country , if you can capitalize on that , you can really start to change things there .
We 've got to take the opportunity to do that .
Nobody knows what 's going to happen , but if we look weak and divided in this country , we 're going to pay a heavy price for it in the future .
We 're living in the era of the suitcase bomb , and they 're not going to go away .
They 're here now , they 're armed and dangerous , and they 're trying to get weapons of mass destruction .
HANNITY : I believe Iran is fighting a war by proxy .
They 're funding Hezbollah to the tune of $ 100 million a year .
They 're providing the IEDs that are being used to kill American soldiers and providing soldiers as part of the insurgency , battling our soldiers .
How do you handle Iran ?
THOMPSON : Iran is becoming more and more obvious , a major , major problem for the United States of America .
They are killing our people .
They are killing our people as we speak , and they 're putting a little shield that you can see through from a mile away to try to defend themselves in the court of public opinion .
We can not allow this to go on forever .
The backdrop of all this , of course , is the fact they claim they 've got 3,000 centrifuges now and basically reprocessing that uranium enough to get fissile material within the next few years and most experts think well on their way to making a nuclear weapon and , of course , they 've threatened Israel .
I do n't know how much more stark the situation can be .
They perceive us as being weak .
They perceive us as being divided , and they think they can get away with anything .
They are perhaps getting closer to a revolution in Iran .
That economy is so bad , the civil oppression is so bad against their own people , we 've got some friends among those people there , there are some good things that can happen .
The military or nuclear option or whatever certainly should be the last thing to be considered .
There are an awful lot of good things that can happen between now and then , but there are no options that can be taken off the table of a country that 's intent on becoming dangerous to us and the rest of the world forever .
HANNITY : So that means that America must have a plan and prepare for possible military action if they 're on the verge of getting nuclear weapons ?
THOMPSON : Yes .
The full transcript is available from FOXNews .
by Shaun Boyd
I recently read a novel by Catherine Ryan Hyde called “ Pay It Forward . ”
Her book promotes a simple idea that would change the world we live in if everyone did their part .
Upon reading the previous sentence , you ’re probably already skeptical .
Changing the world is difficult .
It requires worldwide communication and cooperation — yet our differing beliefs , ideals , and perspectives makes it hard for even two strangers to agree on any one thing .
Catherine Ryan
Hyde suggests that the one thing that can be used to change the world is what every one of us has the capacity to experience : Gratitude .
In order to truly benefit from the power of gratitude , though , we need to learn to abandon the traditional act of paying people back , and adopt the act of “ paying people forward . ”
As a simple example , imagine that you do favors for three friends .
Eventually , these three friends pay you back for the favor .
In the end , when everyone is decidedly “ even , ” you ’ve affected a total of only four people : Yourself and your three friends .
In other words , by participating in the traditional act of having people pay you back , you ’re creating a closed system — the favors being received never proceed beyond your friends .
This is n’t to suggest that doing favors for your friends is a bad thing , it ’s just that it creates a world full of closed systems :
Consequently , there will be people who never experience a kind act from anyone else , who live in a closed system containing only themselves .
I imagine these people resent those who have received favors , and direct a lot of hate towards others .
The reason I believe these types of people exist is because of the kinds of hateful messages I receive in response to LifeReboot :
I ’d just like to say that the reason you were depressed was probably because you are a twat .
This derogatory comment is not the first of its kind .
I have already written two articles that include samples of the hate mail I receive .
I ’ve been called a moron , a pussy , a slacker , a jerkbag , an arrogant prick , a self - righteous prick , a lazy ass , a burnt out whiner , and now a twat .
( And these are just the names I ’m willing to publish . )
When I receive these kinds of hateful comments , I ’m saddened by the idea that this is the type of world we ’re living in — where people knowingly treat strangers with incredible disrespect .
Honestly , is there any benefit to be had from leaving abusive comments on my blog ?
I ’d understand if I purposely offended people in real life , and they retaliated — but the onslaught directed at me comes from an anonymous audience to whom I ’ve done nothing .
So what can be done if I do n’t even know who these people are ?
Enter “ Pay It Forward ” — an idea to help everyone using the power of exponential growth .
It begins with a single person who helps three people .
The help performed is subjective , depending on what the helper can offer and the receivers need , but it must be something significant — like the kind of help you ’d only do for a close friend or relative .
The only rule is that in exchange for receiving help , each of the three receivers must become helpers themselves .
The most important detail is that the help cannot be paid back , it must be paid forward .
In other words , each new helper must find three new people to help .
The resulting movement becomes large very quickly :
One person helps 3 people .
Those 3 people help 9 others ,
and those 9 people help 27 others ,
and those 27 people help 81 others ,
and those 81 people help 243 others ,
and those 243 people help 729 others ,
and those 729 people help 2187 others ,
and those 2187 people help 6561 others ,
and those 6561 people help 19683 others …
… and it continues growing like this until everyone starts being helped more than once :
In the above diagram , everyone was affected by only the fourth level of “ Pay It Forward . ”
Though I did n’t actually draw 81 purple arrows , I ’m sure you understand the significance :
When people pay it forward , nobody gets left out .
Consequently , we ’d end up living in an world where everyone was anxious to help others .
I ’m certain there will be naysayers who label the concept too idealistic for reality .
Admittedly , the notion of “ Pay It Forward ” is easy in theory and difficult in practice — but I ’d like to think that as difficult as it may seem , changing the world is possible .
So if you want to help change the world , do n’t immediately dismiss the idea .
“ Pay It Forward ” relies on cooperation , so I intend to do my part — and I will .
I hope that you will too .
External Links :
Add to : Del.Icio.Us / Reddit / Digg / Stumble Upon / 24 Comments »
By Jill McGivering
BBC News
Anti-malarial drugs are vital in Asia and other parts of the world
John Newton , a senior investigator with Interpol , said counterfeits are now starting to appear in Africa too .
He said the gangs involved organised criminals working across national boundaries and faking the drugs on an industrial scale .
He described them as businessmen with a sophisticated network of conspirators .
In some cases , fake drugs operations are run alongside trade in fake credit cards , weapons and narcotics , he said .
Sophisticated fakes
The gangs are close - knit and hard to penetrate .
" The common denominator is that they are ethnic Chinese , " said Mr Newton , a senior investigator and specialist in counterfeiting with the international police force .
" By that , what I mean is that they may be Malaysians , they may be from the People 's Republic of China or Myanmar , the former Burma .
" Because they know each other , they 're very difficult to infiltrate .
They have established networks in the various countries .
They 're able to exchange and distribute the product .
And that makes it very difficult for us to counter , " he said .
The fakes are increasingly sophisticated .
That , plus the scale of production , suggests a large investment by the criminals .
International health officials warn that anti-malarial drugs are just the tip of the iceberg .
There is also growing concern about fake antibiotics and fake anti-retrovirals used to treat HIV / Aids , and even fake versions of the drugs used to treat avian flu .
The profits are huge .
The UN said that within a few years , global sales of fake drugs could be worth $ 75 bn a year .
Many maps omit the village , with some justification , for visitors will find few amenities there .
Its public house , the Lifeboat Inn , was flattened by scientists from Porton Down almost
60 years ago , and today many of the houses are fairweather holiday homes .
Yet Shingle Street is surrounded by mystery .
To the north lies Orfordness .
A secret site since the First World War , the island has played host to a bewildering variety of hush - hush military
installations , including an RAF experimental flying field , and in 1935 , the first Air Ministry radar station .
Post - war residents included the Atomic Weapons Research Establishment .
In 1993 Orfordness - half wilderness , half military junkyard - was sold to the National Trust by the Ministry of Defence for £ 3 million .
A few miles to the south , on the mouth of River Deben , stands Bawdsey Manor .
This striking neo -Jacobian pile succeeded Orfordness as a radar research station in 1936 , and during the
Second World War it remained an operational Chain Home site .
The last of the four 350 ft steel masts was demolished in 2000 , and the manor now houses an international school .
Sandwiched between Bawdsey and Orfordness at the centre of Hollesley Bay , the village of Shingle Street also boasts a secret history .
At the Public Record Office lies a slim , yellowing Ministry of Home Security dossier detailing ' Evacuation of civil
population from the village of Shingle Street in East Suffolk . '
Indexed as HO 207/1175 , at one time its content was to have remained an Official Secret until 2021 .
For decades this inexplicable secrecy boggled minds across East Anglia .
It was all to do with a secret bomb , some hinted .
Others found room for the Ultra secret .
Then , in 1992 , allegations that a German raiding force was burned to death there in 1940 exploded
across the national press .
The rumours soon spread to include fatal chemical warfare trials and a friendly - fire disaster in 1944 .
The result was the kind of undignified media scramble spurred by the Hitler Diaries , involving public outcry , the tabling of questions in the House of Commons , and the early declassification
of HO 207/1175 .
All of which went some way towards proving that the reality of Shingle Street 's wartime past was rather more
prosaic .
After France fell in June 1940 , Minister of Home Security , Sir John Anderson , created a coastal Defence Area between Southend - on - Sea and King 's Lynn .
In East Anglia alone , no less than
127,000 people left coastal towns to make way for the construction of an extensive network of fixed defences , including deadly minefields .
In line with this policy the Regional Commissioner for the Eastern Region , Will Spens , ordered the complete evacuation of Shingle Street on 22nd June 1940 .
Villagers had just three days
to find alternative accommodation , most moving inland to Hollesley and Alderton .
With just one lorry to assist in the hasty exodus , villagers were able to remove only bare essentials ,
and many larger chattels such as furniture had to be left behind .
Sadly , over the next few months extensive looting took place .
Page 2 » Living on the south coast ( Weymouth ) I remember that one weekend in September 1940 , probably 21 /22 or 28/29th there was an invasion scare .
Overnight the Home Guard had been called out by police with loud hailers .
In the morning troops were positioned in the hedgerows .
Note , that this was well before the incident quoted as 30/10 at Shingle Street .
What happened ?
Alf Smith , Australia
Take one British appeal court judge with time on his hands , add a police force that already has the largest DNA database in Europe , mix in some American - style biometric coercion and , finally , invite an excited media to listen to some far - fetched idea that surely , surely could never come true .
What do you get ?
Another wedge hammered into the already widening cracks of our human rights .
I cannot be certain , but this story sounds like something that the current UK government – and certainly the US , Russian , Indian and Chinese governments – would be more than happy to get into the open .
It is a simple form of haggling : get an authority figure to make a controversial statement , with an idea that is going to be initially rejected , and then just stand back and wait .
After a while people will have ostensibly forgotten that someone suggested an entire country ’s population , along with every single visitor to that country , would have to have their DNA forcibly removed and stored .
But then someone , in a couple of years time , comes along with the idea that anyone wishing to take out life insurance or perhaps have a driving licence would have to submit a DNA sample for “ legal ” reasons .
That amounts to almost the entire population of the country , but it ’s “ voluntary ” , so how many people will really object to this uncontentious piece of legislation ?
The argument given for such an outrageous idea as a total residents and visitors DNA database is weak , to say the least : “ a great many people who are walking the streets , and whose DNA would show them guilty of crimes , go free . ”
Judge Sedley made this point on radio this morning , with particular reference to rape and sexual abuse .
Now this problem would have nothing to do with the appalling way in which rape and sexual abuse victims are treated in most countries , would it ?
The police service in the UK relies largely on permissive action : in other words , a crime is not generally dealt with unless someone reports it ( unless the perpetrator happens to be attacking any of the instruments of an oppressive state , in which case action is always swift and intense ) .
Rape victims do not like coming forwards to report this terrible crime .
Eaves , a victim support and research charity , has this to say :
The current rate of conviction for rape and other sexual offences currently stands at less than 6 % .
Rape is unique in English law as being an offence where the emphasis of guilt and truth - telling is upon the victim , not the defendant .
Outside of the courtroom , the media reporting of rape and sexual offences heavily influences public understanding .
The media often resorts to reducing victims and offenders to basic stereotypes , and in doing so , alienates women wishing to report attacks .
Note that DNA is not mentioned .
It is the attitude to rape that is the issue here , strong evidence of a patriarchal society in which the importance of rape and sexual abuse is reduced to the level of traffic offences .
If rapes were reported whenever they took place , then conviction rates would rise dramatically , and the number of rapes would also fall dramatically – think about it .
But , regardless of whether DNA evidence would improve the likelihood of rapists being convicted , the real reason for a national DNA database is unchanged .
It is about ensuring that we are all recorded , lined up like good citizens who all do whatever the state says ; the same state that condones the ritual massacre of species , toxification of the rivers , carbonization of the air and razing of globablly significant habitats .
The same state that supports corporations in their desire to own us .
How long before those corporations have our DNA records ?
Keith Farnish
www.theearthblog.org
www.reduce3.com
And proud member of The Sietch
DIGG THIS
Perhaps the most ridiculous statement to have emerged from the neoconservative regime that runs the Republican Party is that bin Laden and his gang of terrorists murdered thousands of innocent Americans because " they hate our freedoms . "
If you are a Fox News Channel viewer or a Rush Limbaugh / Sean Hannity / Michael Savage / Michael Medved radio show listener you have probably heard this refrain at least 10,000 times .
But Americans were much freer decades ago , before the governmental Leviathan became as gargantuan as it is now .
Why did n’t Muslim terrorists attack us then , if they hate our freedom so much ?
Whey did they wait until 2001 ?
The obvious answer , which is discussed in the U.S. government ’s own 9/11 Commission Report , is that in their minds the terrorists were retaliating for U.S. government interventions in " their " region , the Middle East .
It had nothing to do with the freedoms of American citizens but with the desire of the American government to use its military muscle to dominate the entire world , especially the Middle East .
Unfortunately for us , murderous thugs like bin Laden apparently believe all the tripe about democracy being " the will of the people , " and so they equate us with the government .
In reality , as opposed to neocon propaganda , it is the neoconservatives who hate American freedom and have waged political war on it since the moment they gained power .
Indeed , after 9/11 they immediately used the attack as an excuse to do what they had been planning on doing for a long time , and move the country further in the direction of what the original neocon , William F. Buckley , Jr. , called " a totalitarian bureaucracy within our shores . "
Buckley believed that such a bureaucracy , with a gigantic military / industrial / CIA / FBI / domestic spying network , was necessary to fight the Cold War .
Neocons , who were all very , very depressed when the Cold War ended , have spent their time since then trying to instigate what Newt Gingrich and Norman Podhoretz , among other neoconmen , call " World War IV " ( The Cold War was their " World War III " ) .
Consider just a short list of the neocon attacks on the liberties of the American people .
There ’s the law passed by the Republican Congress that would give a moron like George W. Bush the ability to declare martial law .
Bush himself claims to have the power of " the unitary executive , " a term the founding fathers were certainly unfamiliar with , that supposedly gives him the right to essentially act as a dictator and ignore the Constitution because of the " war on terra , " which he says will last forever .
The so - called PATRIOT
Act allows the government to declare that almost anyone who protests government actions is an " enemy combatant " and deprive them of all constitutional rights .
The neocons also desire to suspend habeas corpus whenever they want to , a constitutional right that former Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez claimed in a statement to a congressional committee is not even a constitutional right .
Warrantless wiretapping is par for the Bush administration course — not that wiretapping with a " warrant " is much better from a civil liberties perspective .
The Republican Congress claimed that Bush is exempted from the Geneva Convention and is essentially above the law .
He obviously believes that he is .
The war in Iraq was started without a formal declaration of war by Congress , as required by the Constitution , and the U.S. military has been committing war crimes left and right , the most infamous of which occurred in Saddam Hussein ’s torture chambers where the torturers were American soldiers instead of Saddam ’s henchmen .
The PATRIOT Act allows the government to order individuals and institutions to turn over to it private financial information , travel itineraries , email and phone records , and more , and imposes a gag order that prohibits anyone from revealing that they have been treated in such a way .
The Act also abolishes the traditional lawyer - client privilege for anyone declared an " enemy combatant . "
The neocons are calling for a Hitlerian national ID card , which might as well be branded onto everyone ’s inner arm once the legislation is passed .
Neocon pundit Michelle Malkin has written an entire book urging that Muslim - Americans be rounded up and thrown into concentration camps , just as FDR did with Japanese Americans during World War II .
Like all neocons , she cites the abolition of all civil liberties in the Northern states by the Lincoln regime as " justification " for such acts of tyranny .
The odious Ken Masugi of the Claremont Institute , who recently took a leave of absence to write speeches for the even more odious and disgraced former attorney general Alberto Gonzalez , has supported Malkin ’s recommendations by approving of the illegal imprisonment of his own people — Japanese Americans — by FDR .
( Apparently , Masugi ’s insertion of Lincolnite clichés into Gonzalez ’ speeches did little to save him ) .
Bush is an even bigger domestic spender than LBJ was ; taxes and government spending have skyrocketed ; and he has yet to veto a single spending program in a way that would reduce spending and governmental power .
( He did veto one bill because it did not propose spending enough on one of his pet programs ) .
This is a very brief list of just a few of the attacks on the liberties of the American people that the neocons have gleefully administered in the past six years .
All of the neocon pundits , from Limbaugh to Hannity to Liddy , Savage , Medved , and dozens of others , have devoted their careers to spewing propaganda on behalf of the neocon effort to deprive Americans of their constitutional liberties by cementing in place Buckley ’s totalitarian bureaucracy within our shores .
They hate the free society and always have .
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
Mr Fani -Kayode said Nigerians were being " treated like animals "
Femi Fani-Kayode said British Airways and Virgin Atlantic could face " major sanctions " over alleged maltreatment of Nigerians on their flights .
But British Airways says it is " very distressed " by the comments .
" We will be visiting the minister personally next week to address his concerns , " a British Airways spokesperson told the BBC News website .
' Respect and dignity '
Mr Fani -Kayode said he " would not sit by and allow our people to be treated like animals by anybody or for any reason " .
He said Nigerian passengers usually faced such treatment when checking - in for a flight .
However , BA 's Becky Livingstone said : " We take great pride in our customer service and have the same excellent standards for all our customers throughout the world . "
A spat between the Nigerian government under the former dictator Sani Abacha in 1997 , led to BA 's flights being suspended for several months , leading to huge losses for the airline .
Virgin Atlantic 's Nigeria office says it is preparing a response to the minister 's accusations .
Mr Fani -Kayode advised both airlines to " offer better training and far more discipline " to their staff so they could learn to treat their Nigerian passengers " with respect and decency " .
British Airways and Virgin Atlantic are the two biggest international passenger carriers to Nigeria operating daily flights to Abuja and Lagos , respectively .
These are in no order and definitely not meant to be a definitive top ten list .
Doing a definitive list would take me a year of thinking and re-watching films ( And how awesome would that be ? )
It would also stretch even YouTube ’s limits as a source .
Anyway , here ’s some kung fu goodness .
Enjoy and make sure to check out part two , featuring another 10 classic fights .
Jackie Chan vs. Dick Wei in Twinkle , Twinkle Lucky Stars
I think these guys fought five thousand times in the 80s .
This one fight always stuck out in my mind .
Dick is the guy in the red shirt that comes in a few seconds into the fight .
Quick , but great .
Directed and action by Sammo Hung *
Jet Li vs. Billy Chow from the end of Fist of Legend
Billy Chow is one of my favorite screen fighters from the 90s .
Discovered by Sammo Hung , this kickboxer provided a bunch of highlight reel stuff throughout the 90s .
This is one of his best moments , playing the heavy in what might be Jet Li ’s best martial arts ** film .
I actually had a hard time picking a clip from this film .
The Dojo fight earlier is maybe even a little better , even if it does n’t have Billy Chow .
My review of the film .
Directed by Gordon Chan .
Action by Yuen Wo -Ping .
Finale of Drunken Master 2 . Jackie Chan vs. Ken Lo
Truly one of the great fight scenes ever filmed .
From one of the greatest pure fight films ever made .
As the standard anecdote goes , Lo was Chan ’s real life bodyguard .
He ’s also a pretty good kicker .
My review of the film .
Directed ( credited ) by Lau Kar - Leung .
Jackie took over after a falling out with the master .
Jackie and his team did the action for this scene .
Jet Li Drunken Boxing in Last Hero in China
I just dig this scene .
There are plenty of problems with this Wong Jing *** helmed Wong Fei Hung film .
This fight is n’t one of them .
I get all geeked out when “ On the General ’s Orders ” comes on about 2:30 in …
Directed by Wong Jing .
Action by Yuen Wo -Ping .
Sammo Hung vs. Lau Kar Leung from Pedicab Driver
Two of the greatest talents ever to work in the genre face off in a classic battle .
Lau was 53 when this sequence was filmed , by the way .
My review of the film .
Directed and Action by Sammo Hung .
Donnie Yen vs. Michael Woods from
In the Line of Duty IV
This is a prototypical 80s style fight ( and film . )
Michael Woods is a great screen fighter and Donnie is , obviously , on of the greatest screen fighters of all time .
Michael Woods , as big as he is , can do Hwang Jiang Lee ’s triple kick .
Just thought you should know .
He does a great double kick in this one .
Directed and Action by Yuen Wo -Ping
Cynthia Rothrock & Michelle Yeoh In Yes Madam
Michelle
Yeoh is all kinds of awesome and contrary to what you might think , under the right tutelage Cynthia Rothrock can fight her ass off on - screen .
This is a really good example from the slew of films featuring female protagonists in the 80s .
Yes , I said “ slew . ”
Where Hollywood had Sigourney Weaver ’s Ripley and little else that I can remember , Hong Kong produced a few dozen films featuring ass - kicking female leads .
Put that in your pipe and smoke it .
Directed and Action by Corey Yuen Kwai
Lau Kar Leung and Lau Kar Wing in Legendary Weapons of China
This is the sort of intricate choreography that old school fans drool over .
From one of the greatest martial arts move ever made , by the way .
Lau Kar Leung is truly a master of the genre .
If I had to pick just one martial arts film to represent the genre , 36th Chamber of Shaolin would be on my short list of candidates .
Directed and Action by Lau Kar Leung .
Jackie Chan “ playground fight ” from Police Story 2
Easily one of Jackie ’s best sequences .
Pure mid 80s Hong Kong action brilliance .
Stay with it to the very end for a great ( and dangerous ) little car stunt .
Speaking of stunts , pay close attention to the bumps these guys take .
Those are n’t special “ soft ” jungle jims .
What you see is what you get - being a Hong Kong stunt man in the 80s was like being a superhero .
Directed and Action by Jackie Chan
Jackie Chan from Police Story .
“ The Mall Fight ”
Saving the best for last , here ’s the greatest action sequence of all time - the blistering finale of Jackie Chan ’s original Police Story .
I could write a book just on this scene .
And yes , both Brigitte Lin and Maggie Cheung are in this film .
Directed and Action by Jackie Chan
* I ’m doing my best to credit folks for the work here .
It ’s not an exact science , and I ’m working from memory .
Also , these fights were collaborative efforts between the director , the stunt men , the action director and whoever else was on set , so there are a lot of people that deserve props for these gems .
* *he ’s been in better movies .
This one works really well as a pure martial arts film .
*** Not that that means I do n’t like Wong Jing ’s work .
Quite the opposite .
I unashamedly think he ’s a genius .
Want more ?
check out - 8 Great Screen Fighters – Hong Kong ’s Greatest Martial Arts Movie Stars
Where oh where is our beloved Press Corps ?
Jon Stewart magnificently busted Tony Snow lying and he did it in the perfect way , .. Take a look ...
Download Download
Even Dan Froomkin caught this one ...
Stewart explained that Snow " was adamant months ago that the dismissal of these attorneys had nothing to do with politics . "
He rolled video of Snow from March 15 , saying : " It 's pretty clear that these things are based on performance and not on sort of attempts to do political retaliation , if you will . "
Stewart : " So anyway , that was three months ago .
Three months later , a dozen subpoenas , six hearings , . . . thousands of released e-mails , it turns out that their performances were actually pretty good .
And all signs are now pointing to political motivations .
I wonder how the White House is going to reconcile this apparent discrepancy ? "
Stewart then rolled video from Wednesday 's briefing , at which a reporter asked Snow : " At the beginning of this story , the President , you , Dan Bartlett , others said on camera that politics was not involved , this was performance - based , but --"
Snow 's reply : " No , that is something -- we have never said that . " ... read on
The RIAA has been slapped by a class action lawsuit , filed by Tanya Anderson , a single mom from Oregon who claims the organization 's goons impersonated her 10 - year - old daughter 's grandmother over the phone to extract evidence .
Charges filed against the RIAA include — deep breath now — counts of negligence , fraud and misrepresentation , racketeering and corruption , abuse of the legal process , malicious prosecution , outrage and intention to inflict emotional distress , computer fraud and abuse , trespass , invasion of privacy , libel and slander , deceptive business practices , misuse of copyright laws , and civil conspiracy .
The case was spotted by the ever - watchful folks at The Recording Industry vs The People .
You can grab a copy of the complaint at their website .
The lawsuit fingers the RIAA , a number of record labels under the organization 's umbrella , and MediaSentry - a firm the RIAA uses to sniff out individuals suspected of illegally swapping copyrighted music .
Anderson claims the non-profit RIAA engages in a coordinated enterprise scheme of threatening and intimidating litigation to maintain a music distribution monopoly .
The suit alleges MediaSentry " conducts illegal , flawed and negligent investigations for the RIAA and its controlled member companies . "
It goes on to say that for years the group has entered a secret agreement targeting private citizens .
From the filing :
MediaSentry and the RIAA know that their investigations are illegal and flawed .
MediaSentry is not licensed or registered to conduct private investigation of private US citizens .
Moreover , in a March 2004 sworn deposition MediaSentry 's then president admitted to various serious flaws in the investigative scheme which all Defendants know result in misidentification of individuals .
The process
The lawsuit describes the RIAA 's sinister machine , which it alleges clogs and abuses the federal court with baseless lawsuits .
First , the RIAA and controlled members file information farming suits against anonymous " John Doe " parties to coerce internet service providers into identifying the users behind particular IP addresses .
Because no specific parties are named , the lawsuit claims those targeted are often deprived of due process and never know the RIAA is harvesting their private information .
After the information is gathered , the anonymous suits are typically dismissed immediately before the individuals know they have been " secretly sued , " robbing them of the opportunity to appear in court to protect their identities .
The RIAA 's next step is sending " threatening and misleading letters , " that contain false allegations and omissions .
The letters are confusing , claiming the recipient has both " already been sued , " and " have not yet been named as a defendant . "
The letters tell the recipient that all the necessary evidence has been secured and the recipient has 10 days to make contact with the RIAA before a federal lawsuit is filed against them .
The class action suit claims 10 days does not provide the letter recipient with any meaningful time to investigate the allegations .
The letter also conveniently neglects to inform the recipient that they were the subject of a private " illegal " investigation , or that there is a known possibility for error or mistaken identity .
" With its legal expertise , the RIAA has a heightened duty to act reasonably , responsibility , and legally to avoid foreseeable harm ... , " the suit claims .
Despite knowing the nature of the investigations , it has acted negligently when it conspired and coordinated with MediaSentry .
The RIAA has used the information gathered on a " campaign of threat and extortion . "
If the complaint is certified for class action , it could pave the way for others harassed by the RIAA to join the lawsuit .
Such a confrontation was bound to happen given the organization 's notorious tactics , and should it fail , more would doubtlessly find their way to court . ®
Published online 18 May 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070514-21
News
There 's no escape , but how can you maximize your remaining time ?
Aaaaaaaaaaargh : how to draw out your torturous fall into a black hole .
NASA
So there you are : you discover that your spaceship has inadvertently slipped across the event horizon of a black hole — the boundary beyond which nothing , not even light , can escape the hole 's fearsome gravity .
The only question is how you can maximize the time you have left .
What do you do ?
A common idea in physics is that you should n't try to blast your way out of there .
Black holes , it 's said , are like the popular view of quicksand : the harder you struggle , the worse things become .
But Geraint Lewis and Juliana Kwan of the University of Sydney in Australia say this is a myth .
Their analysis of the problem , soon to be published in the Proceedings of the Astronomical Society of Australia1 , shows that in general your best bet is indeed to turn on the rocket 's engine .
You 'll never escape , but you 'll live a little longer .
Falling into a black hole is a strange affair .
Because the hole 's gravity distorts space - time , a far - off observer watching an object crossing the event horizon sees time for that object appear to slow down — a clock falling into a black hole would appear , from the outside , to tick ever slower .
At the horizon itself , time stops , and the object stays frozen there for the remaining lifetime of the Universe .
But this is n't how things seem to the in - falling object itself .
Indeed , if the black hole is big enough , nothing noticeable happens when a spaceship crosses its event horizon — you could stray inside without realizing .
Yet once inside , nothing can save you from being crushed by the hole 's gravity sooner or later .
Live long and prosper
Clearly , an astronaut in that situation might prefer it to be later .
For a supermassive black hole such as that thought to exist at the Galactic Centre , the survival time could be hours .
To stretch it out for as long as possible , the astronaut might be tempted to turn on rocket thrusters and try to head outwards , away from the hole 's fatal ' singularity ' at the centre .
But best not to , according to some sources .
An article on black holes on the cosmology website of the University of California , Berkeley , for example , says " the harder you fire your rockets , the sooner you hit the singularity .
It 's best just to sit back and enjoy the ride . "
Lewis and Kwan say this is mistaken .
They point out that the analysis is usually done by thinking about a person who falls into the black hole starting from a state of rest at the event horizon .
In that case , it 's true that accelerating away from the singularity by using the rocket thrusters will only speed your demise .
The longest survival time possible in that instance is free fall .
Because all paths lead inevitably to the singularity , trying to travel faster - in any direction - only takes you there quicker .
Long and winding road
But in general a person falling past the horizon wo n't have zero velocity to begin with .
Then the situation is different — in fact it 's worse .
So firing the rocket for a short time can push the astronaut back on to the best - case scenario : the trajectory followed by free fall from rest .
" There is one longest road - the freefall road starting from rest - as well as many shorter roads , " Lewis explains .
" If you cross the event horizon on one of the shorter roads , you can fire your rocket to move you on to the longest road . "
ADVERTISEMENT
But this has to be done judiciously .
" If you overdo it , you will overshoot the longest road and end up on a shorter road on the other side , " says Lewis .
So you only want to burn your rocket for a certain amount of time , and then turn it off .
" Once you know how fast you have passed through the event horizon , it is reasonably straightforward to calculate how long you need to burn your rocket to get on to the best path , " he says .
" The more powerful the rocket , the quicker you get on to this path . "
Starship captains , take note .
There 's nothing particularly surprising in this analysis , but black - hole experts say that debunking this common misconception could have an educational value .
" It 's a misconception I had when I first did relativity many years ago , and one which I have heard in discussions with others , " says Lewis .
" It has generated a substantial discussion on the Wikipedia entry about black holes . "
He adds that " even Einstein had a very hard time attempting to fathom just what is going on as things fall into a black hole . "
Visit our tosurviveinablackhole.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
You know , you 'd think that Democrats - after winning the last election based on their opposition to the war - would at least give voters the courtesy of PRETENDING to try to end the war .
But , no - apparently , the American public which strongly opposes the war and who voted Democrats into office on their pledges to end the war are n't even entitled to that these days .
That 's right , in the face of objective evidence from newspapers and the federal government itself that things are getting worse in Iraq , and even before Gen .
David Petraeus gives his pro-surge , pro-stay - the - course update , Senate Democratic Whip Dick Durbin ( D ) announced that he will be supporting President Bush 's request for another $ 50 billion in Iraq War spending .
Here 's the excerpt from the Chicago Tribune :
" In the debate in Washington , the White House reportedly will ask Congress for an additional $ 50 billion to expand funding for the war in Iraq , a request that seems likely to prolong troop levels at their current elevated number into the spring of 2008 , Durbin said .
Even opponents of the war , as Durbin calls himself , find themselves likely to vote for the extra money , he said ... He said he is likely to approve the increased request . "
This is quite clearly the product of Democrats being totally unafraid not only of their own voters , but really of the vast majority of Americans who oppose the war .
With the exception of the Ned Lamont campaign in Connecticut and a recent salvo at Rep. Brian Baird ( D ) , most major antiwar groups have been afflicted with a horrific case of Partisan War Syndrome .
Pressure has continued to be brought to bear almost exclusively on Republicans , with many essentially pretending that congressional Democrats do n't have the power to end the war - even though those Democrats have majorities in both chambers of the very branch of government that controls the power of the purse .
They have enabled what I have called the Democrats Innocent Bystander Fable as exemplified in this YouTube video I put together :
As many of us have predicted for months now , thanks to this one - sided , Partisan War strategy , we are sitting here months after Democrats gave Bush his most recent blank check watching Democrats thumb their noses again , apparently lining up to give him another such blank check .
Let 's hope this is finally the teachable moment that ends the Partisan War Syndrome that afflicts the antiwar movement .
Let 's hope when this next blank check is inevitably cut , the huge amount of resources being funneled into antiwar groups starts going at least in part towards a serious effort - not a sham effort - to hold congressional Democrats accountable .
UPDATE : Chris Bowers has a good post up at OpenLeft about how , even if the strategy is to attach antiwar language to the $ 50 billion funding bill , the move by Democrats to preemptively announce they will support the supplemental bill hurts that underlying antiwar objective .
_______
About author David Sirota is a political strategist and NY Times bestselling author whose work appears in major newspapers and magazines .
He has appeared on CNN , MSNBC , CNBC and The Colbert Report .
He has appeared in TV debates with right - wing icons like Ann Coulter , John Stossel and John Fund .
Email : david [ at ] davidsirota.com .
Last updated at 16:00 27 June 2007
Is this the fastest man in the world ?
Any passer - by reading the speed indicator sign could be forgiven for thinking so - but in fact the broken machine has been clocking motorists at up to 10 times their actual speed .
The Gatso camera in Preston , Lancashire , was replaced with the device in March as part of a six - month trial .
The signs , which have also been installed in Grimsargh and Abbey Village , near Chorley , Lancashire , are designed to flash up with drivers ' speeds if they exceed the 30 mph limit .
More follows ...
But residents have been left confused after the sign told them they were a driving several times faster than their speedometer was telling them .
DJ Glenn Masters , who lives off Tag Lane , was clocked travelling at 50 , 175 and 255 mph along the road on three separate occasions in the last week .
He said : " When it was first installed I thought it was a good idea because it reminds drivers of their speed and tells them to slow down .
" But when you are driving along doing 30 mph and it 's telling you you 're going much faster , it 's ridiculous .
" Even Lewis Hamilton would have difficulty getting up to those speeds ! "
John Davies , project manager for the Lancashire Partnership for Road Safety , has promised to investigate .
He said : " We will go out and have a look for ourselves .
If there is a problem , we will get it resolved . "
Ron Paul Debates the War With Doug Casey , against Dinesh D’Souza and Larry Abraham
DIGG THIS
Buy a copy of Ron Paul ’s new book for $ 20 .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
The Best of Ron Paul
Douglas Crockford left an excellent comment on my recent posting
All markup ends up looking like XML , which he later made into its own blog posting , For the trees .
I agree with his reworking of the structure : given the data that I provided , the JSON , LISP , and XML markup all could have been simpler .
If he ’s right about the examples , though , he ’s wrong about two things .
First , my posting does n’t represent any kind of softening to JSON among its opponents in the XML community , simply because I ’ve never been one of those opponents .
Second , I spend at least one order of magnitude more time working with SQL and programming languages ( not processing XML ) than I do with XML , so if anything , my perspective on XML would likely be tainted by them rather than the other way around .
Instead , I think the examples were complicated because I built for tomorrow instead of today .
Tomorrow
So what might tomorrow look like for an application dealing with names ?
Consider , for example , this XML markup , moving gender out of the element / property name as Doug suggests , and eliminating the other attributes ( since they do n’t add much to the discussion ) :
< names > < name gender = " male " >< surname > Saddam </ surname > Hussein < / name > < name gender = " female " >
Susan B. < surname > Anthony </ surname ></ name > < name gender = " male " >
Al < surname > Unser</ surname > Jr.</name >
< name gender = " male " > Don Alonso < surname > Quixote </ surname > de la Mancha </ name > </ names >
It ’s surprisingly messy breaking each name down into a simple property list .
If we tried the approach Doug used for my simpler examples , we ’d end up with this ( note that this is a list of names , not of people ) :
{ " names " : [ { " gender " : " male " , " given - name " : " Hussein " , " surname " : " Saddam " } , { " gender " : " female " , " given - name " : " Susan B. " , " surname " : " Anthony " } , { " gender " : " male " , " given - name " : " Al Jr. " , " surname " : " Unser " } { " gender " : " male " , " given - name " : " Don Alonso Quixote de la " , " surname " : " Mancha " } ]}
This list needs a bit of patching .
First , if we reconstruct the names as strings , we do n’t want to end up with “ Hussein Saddam ” instead of “ Saddam Hussein ” , so we ’ll have to add a property specifying whether the surname comes first or last :
{ " gender " : " male " , " given - name " : " Hussein " , " surname " : " Saddam " , " surname-after - given - name " : false}
Great — that ’s all we need to fix that , and now we know to print “ Saddam Hussein ” .
Now , let ’s look at Susan — there ’s no problem recreating the string “ Susan B. Anthony ” from these properties , but we probably should rename the property given - name to given - names , just to avoid confusion :
{ " gender " : " female " , " given - names " : " Susan B. " , " surname " : " Anthony " , " surname-after - given - names " : true}
Al Unser Jr. is a bit trickier , because there was no obvious place to put the “ Jr. ” .
Strictly speaking , it ’s neither a given name nor a surname , so for now , let ’s just call it a postfix ( although that assumes a physical position that might not apply to all languages ) :
{ " gender " : " male " , " given - names " : " Al " , " surname " : " Unser " , " surname - after - given - names " : true , " postfix " : " Jr . " }
Don Quixote , however , forces us to reconsider some of our assumptions , because “ Don ” is not a given name but an honorific .
Assuming , however , that we do n’t care whether it ’s a name or an honorific , lets just call it prefix for now , to go with postfix :
{ " gender " : " male " , " prefix " : " Don " , given - name : " Alonso " , " surname " : " Quixote " , " surname - after - given - names " : true , " postfix " : " de la Mancha " }
Finally , just to throw a wrench into things , let ’s assume that our list might contain things other than names , so that we need to add a type property :
{ " type " : " name " , " gender " : " male " , " prefix " : " Don " , " given - name " : " Alonso " , " surname " : " Quixote " , " surname - after - given - names " : true , " postfix " : " de la Mancha " }
Granted , that sort - of works , but it ’s really not very nice , and it ’s extremely brittle : there are names with extra words in the middle ( such as “ de ” ) that are properly not part of the given name or surnames , for example .
Then again , why overtag it ?
Perhaps we do n’t need to know what ’s a given name or honorific , as long as we can distinguish the surname .
One possibility is simple to break it down to four properties :
{ " type " : " name " , " gender " : " male " , " presurname " : " Don Alonso " , " surname " : " Quixote " , " postsurname " : " de la Mancha " }
While I ’m a big fan of Agile development in principle , however , I ’ve worked on enough broken legacy systems to leave a little wiggle room for future requirements , like , say , a need to isolate the primary given name for a mail merge or index , even if we ’re not going to isolate it right now .
Fortunately JSON , like XML , has a natural ability to represent ordered information much more elegantly — let ’s make the name into an ordered array :
{ " type " : " name " , " gender " : " male " , " value : " [ " Don Alonso " , { " type " : " surname " , " value " : " Quixote} , " de la Mancha " ] }
This approach provides us with almost limitless flexibility ( for example , if we start isolating honorifics , we can deal with a language where the honorific comes at the end of the name with no extra trouble ) , and is just as simple and easy to read as the much less flexible presurname / postsurname approach .
Building for today is great , but if you have a choice between two roughly equivalent approaches where one provides an easy future upgrade path and the other does n’t , which is the best choice ?
JSON is new enough that the JSON community has n’t yet had to deal much with the life cycle of information — once enough people have built apps relying on specific JSON formats , it will be very , very hard to make any changes : v.2 of any popular data format generally results in enormous costs ( in money and goodwill ) , and v.3 rarely happens .
Some people might prefer to shorten the above example a bit by following a simple convention : the first member of each array is a label , the second is a map with properties describing the rest of the array , and the remainder is the value , where order may be significant :
[ " name " , { " gender " : " male " } , " Don Alonso " , [ " surname " , {} , " Quixote " ] , " de la Mancha " ]
That is trickier to dump straight into a data structure or database table , but it ’s a much more natural way to represent the information , and a lot easier to read on the screen .
And just in case it does n’t look look familiar , compare :
< name gender = " male " > Don Alonso < surname > Quixote </ surname > de la Mancha </ name >
If your information is n’t this complicated , JSON , XML , or LISP can be simple , as Doug pointed out — the XML could just as easily be
< name gender = " male " presurname = " Don Alonso " surname = " Quixote " postsurname = " de la Mancha " / >
Test Guide
7/17/2020
5 minutes to read
In this article
Making the invisible visible since 1987
This bug is my favorite mostly because of how my experience with it transformed my career .
It was ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 05/25/2012
I found this bug while working as one of the first QA engineers at the MathWorks ( makers of MATLAB ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 02/09/2012
I am working as a SharePoint QA .
We developed the Status Reports project .
It is basically used to ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 09/14/2011
Last week found me braving the Grand Rapids , Michigan summer ( heat ! humidity !
sun ! loved it ! ) to ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 08/11/2010
We have a set of clocks counting down the time until our next big milestone , one where all the ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 07/02/2010
I 'm on Twitter now ; @humbugreality if you 're interested .
No promises whether I 'll post there more ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 06/25/2010
I 've been super busy talking with as many testers and leads on my team as I can , gathering data on ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 05/13/2010
Seeing Microsoft from the inside , I often do n't understand what is going on .
Sometimes , however , ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 05/12/2010
Recently I saw a way to describe any particular stress test that I liked : First , define the sets of ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/21/2010
Earlier this semester my capstone ( = senior project ) group wanted to print a 30 - page Word 2007 ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/20/2010
David Treadwell once advised me to take a job where I knew what I was doing about fifty percent of ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/19/2010
Hmmm ... I start a build and all eight of my cores gets busy - what 's up with that ?
< g/>
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/07/2010
I 've talked with several people recently about how they can increase their chances of making it ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/07/2010
My first week on Windows Phone went great !
Not that I did much of anything other than set up my new ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/01/2010
We were seeing weird issues for Microsoft Systems Management Server 's ( SMS ) Software Update Reports ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 03/19/2010
2010 is going great for me !2009 , on the other hand , was the sort of year I would n't wish on anybody ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 03/10/2010
I was testing a radar system that controlled the guns and missile launchers on a naval combat ship ....
Author : humbugreality Date : 03/09/2010
Our application ( web based ) is built in .
Net and Infragistics .
It has 6 modules .
One module is ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 08/27/2009
The one that says that it is erasing my old email when it really is n't !
I like to erase old email ....
Author : humbugreality Date : 08/05/2009
Our team uses a web - based tool to test our product .
In one page , we can input tree - like structured ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 07/29/2009
In one application there is a small line of whitespace between a custom toolbar and the menu ; ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 07/27/2009
When my first test manager left Microsoft he told the team this was his favorite bug and it is easy ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 06/15/2009
The most interesting recent bug was a Vista upgrade error that was initially assigned to my ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 06/12/2009
There was this bug that I remember even 4 years later now .
Since we expect our users to install our ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 06/08/2009
During Windows 95 , I was a beta tester .
It was the first time I 'd seen a ' Recycle ' bin on a ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 06/05/2009
Problem : Release To Web ( RTW ) for Office Online site and we were seeing features breaking randomly ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 06/01/2009
Problem :
We had instrumented our code to spit out timing markers at various points of pages that were ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 05/29/2009
Elfriede Dustin sent me a review copy of Implementing Automated Software Testing ( IAST ) , which she ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 05/13/2009
My favorite bugs are the errors that generate themselves recursively .
I have two examples : The first ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 05/11/2009
I was happy after I upgraded my laptop 's memory from 1GB to 2GB until I noticed that sometimes XP ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 05/08/2009
I opened a bug 1.5 years ago about an issue where the product would stop displaying updates to the ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 05/04/2009
So , I am typing some value for a file name in the project palette in my product and I happen to type ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/27/2009
The XAML editor would not show up if the user did not have admin access – Most dev’s and ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/24/2009
Some time back , Alan Page sent me a review copy of How We Test Software At Microsoft ( HWTSAM ) , which ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/22/2009
When we were very close to release of the first version of our product , I found a bug in which the ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/20/2009
I get excited about bugs , especially ones that I learn from .
Years ago , I was testing some data ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/17/2009
I once worked for a company that had a product that caused OTHER applications to crash .
We did n't ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/13/2009
You can call me Ishmael , err ... Jake .
We had been getting a bizarre error reported intermittently ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/10/2009
I was giving the customer ( Product Owner ) a first pre-User Acceptance Test look at a modified ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/06/2009
My life of late seems to be one bug after another .
It all starts with my product : Live Mesh for Mac ....
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/02/2009
It is snowing here in Seattle today , 1 April 2009 .
Mum Nature evidently has a sense of humor !
Author : humbugreality Date : 04/01/2009
I refer to years ago where a major " production " defect in a networked military tactical data system ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 03/20/2009
A number of years ago I was working with a development team that had been acquired by my company ....
Author : humbugreality Date : 03/16/2009
It 's hard to pick a favorite , but this is a recent bug story : Report : customer support alerted the ...
Author : humbugreality Date : 03/13/2009
Next >
House Republican takes aim at CIA ' secret prison ' whistleblowers Michael Roston
Published : Friday July 20 , 2007 Print This Email This
The top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee pressed Friday for an investigation of Central Intelligence Agency officers who allegedly supplied information to a European probe of the US intelligence community 's system of ' black sites . '
" It is with some alarm that I read a recent report alleging that senior officers of the Central Intelligence Agency willingly , and outside authorized channels , participated in a foreign probe of alleged U.S. intelligence activities , " wrote Rep. Pete Hoekstra , the top Republican on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , in a letter to National Intelligence Director Mike McConnell .
" [ T ] he allegation itself , and what it portends , is so startling that I believe it warrants further review by your office . "
Hoekstra , who chaired the committee in the previous Congress , was referring to a July 17 report from Reuters , which reported on the findings of Dick Marty , the Swiss official who studied the participation of European states in the CIA 's system of secret prisons .
Marty told the Council of Europe that " he had based his findings largely on conversations with ' high officials of the CIA ( and ) highly placed European office - holders , who for different reasons , often honorable reasons , were ready to explain what had happened . ' "
The Washington Post 's Dana Priest first revealed in late 2005 that the CIA was operating secret prisons in Eastern European countries , but the paper would not name the locations for reasons of national security .
RAW STORY confirmed in a March 2007 report that one key secret prison was located in a Soviet - era compound in Poland .
Another secret prison was reportedly located in Romania .
Hoekstra accused such whistleblowers of ' selling out ' the United States .
" A policy disagreement is not an excuse to sell out your country , " the Michigan Republican wrote in his letter .
" The Intelligence Community has a whistleblower process that even includes coming to the congressional Intelligence committees , which no one has done with regard to this issue .
With no consideration for national security , it seems some people may have gone to a foreign power instead . "
The Ranking Republican also sought criminal charges to be filed against any CIA officer who spoke with Marty .
" If the allegations show merit , clearly a criminal referral to the Department of Justice is in order , " he added .
Hoekstra also said if Marty 's suggestions were false , McConnell should demand that the Council of Europe force its investigator to " immediately cease his spurious claims of CIA cooperation that threaten to tarnish the reputation of the hardworking men and women of the CIA . "
Hoekstra 's letter can be read at this link .
Victoria ’s Secret loss seems to be Yves Saint Laurent ’s gain .
Yves Saint Laurent ’s Stefano Pilati has hired Gisele to grace the brand ’s Fall / Winter 2007 ad campaign .
And really , just because she ’s not going to be modeling lingerie does n’t mean it ’s not going to be va-va - voom sexy .
A sneak peek at the ads , shot in the streets of Paris at dusk , reveal a more sophisticated Gisele wearing luxurious outerwear , long , sleek white skirts and chunky heels .
I have to admit , I am really excited for the Brazilian beauty to get back to her high - fashion roots .
Source : fabsugar
Design by metaphor — or , as is often the case , design by simile — happens when a client provides design and development in the form of a reference to another product .
This can occur both in high - level concepts , such as , “ MySpace , but for B2B relationships , ” and in individual details , like “ the login should be just like Gmail ’s . ”
Article Continues Below
Spoken language provides an interesting analogue to design by metaphor :
If you ’re not a fluent speaker of a particular language , you ’re often forced to stretch your limited vocabulary into bizarre , descriptive phrases instead of the exact words that say what you mean .
Maybe you remember the last time you were overseas and asked directions to the “ shop of changing banknotes . ”
In the same way , you ’ll mostly see similes in specifications provided by clients who may not know how to say that they want “ database of user registrations with reports X , Y , and Z ” or “ JavaScript menus that degrade into CSS - formatted lists . ”
Metaphors and similes are also excellent ways to summarize multiple , loosely - related concepts in shorthand .
After all , the basic behaviors of any web - based discussion forum , contact form , or shopping cart are largely the same as those of any other once you factor out the specific content of the site .
Why put up with comparison - driven design ?
#section2
When used to pin down abstract concepts or unusual design details , design by metaphor or simile bridges a major gap of understanding .
The customer may not be able to pin down what he wants from another site , but in some cases , pointing to that site can be enough to make the features he desires apparent to experienced developers .
Conversely , comparative references can be extremely powerful for explaining design decisions back to a client .
Few client - provided specifications are all - inclusive , and you can expect questions when your judgment calls do n’t match what he imagined .
If you explain that you designed your booking process “ like Expedia , ” you can easily summarize a wide range of choices through the system , as well as gain added authority by showing that your choices mirror those of a successful system .
When comparisons attack #section3
Unfortunately , the power of this method of communication comes at a significant cost .
If a client says he wants his new auction site to be “ like eBay , ” what does that mean ?
An artist hears “ It has a tacky color scheme . ”
A developer hears “ It ’s scalable to 20 million users . ” A user hears “ It has feedback ratings on all sellers . ”
Which , if any of these , did the client mean ?
You may spend dozens of hours writing specs for eBay - esque features that did n’t capture the client ’s heart .
Conversely , defining your own work in terms of other products may set up unacceptable comparisons or fixations in your customer ’s mind .
If you boast that a new shopping cart works 95 % like Amazon , the client may grow obsessed with “ fixing ” the 5 % that ’s different , or incorrectly believe that his site has acquired the capacity and features of Amazon across the board .
Moreover , the ability to identify a loose aggregation of features via a single comparison may cause clients to accidentally include irrelevant or needlessly expensive features in their specifications .
For example , many off - the - shelf shopping systems include extensive support for multiple currencies and tax jurisdictions .
This adds many layers of complexity , and if you ’re running a single outlet in Chandler , Arizona , you probably do n’t actually want to spend $ 5,000 more on development to ensure your “ just like Zen Cart ” shop is ready to handle British Value Added Tax .
Finally , a client who can only speak in similes may be unable to bring the best possible choices to the table .
If the client is selling merchandise , he ’ll probably say he wants a self - contained shopping system styled after his favorite e-commerce site — but his comparison is limited by his experience .
Odds are , he has n’t seen an example of a hosted shopping cart service , or a single - action “ Buy Now ” button that he can allude to , even if those would suit his needs better .
Your experience and expertise comes in there , as you ’ll be able to offer your clients choices they did n’t realize they had and rescue them from the tyranny of comparison .
Bounce back to the real world # section4
The ambiguity inherent in comparison - based design communication must be managed , or you ’ll end up trying to build mutant websites which work as YouTube plus Newegg multiplied by DeviantArt…on a $ 750 budget .
Fortunately , there ’s a practical strategy for controlling runaway scope : limit the use of metaphors and similes to the phases in which they work best .
It makes sense to start with comparisons , especially if you ’re about to develop a significant new functional unit .
However , if you do so , the second round of specification development becomes critical .
Once you understand what the client is asking for on a high level , you should restate that understanding in more concrete terms that will form the basis for binding design documents .
You can even walk through the comparison product part by part and ask the client what he really means with his comparisons .
There is absolutely no harm in asking “ what part of this process do you want to copy ? ”
Developers often over - complicate vague requests , and it may turn out to be a pleasant surprise when it turns out that all the client really wants to lift from the $ 300,000 commercial backend is its color scheme and menu placement .
You may also be able to control ambiguous comparisons by treating them not just as a design reference , but also as a source of benchmarks .
Compare compatibility and performance of the model site : when you bring a focus group in , let them attempt to complete tasks on your site and then on the sites the client presented as models .
Direct comparison of user experiences and task success rates are solid evidence that your site matches , or even exceeds , the models .
Such a strategy is particularly effective when the client has questionable assumptions about user behavior .
When it ’s clear that the client is relying on a poor or inadequate analogy because he lacks a better choice , you can combine his understanding of comparisons with your wide design vocabulary .
Speak his language , and propose that “ instead of doing it like your example , what if we try doing it like this other example ? ”
Finally , do n’t miss the possibility of the sum of a client ’s models being significant as well .
If all the sites he idolizes average 700 k per page of images and Flash , the unspoken message could well be “ a seamless , graphics - intensive look is more important to me than 28.8 modem users . ”
Reading between the lines is no less important here than it is with a more conventional specification .
One more communication tool : no more , no less #section5
Design by comparison can help to engage your clients in the development process while keeping the discussion at a level they ’re comfortable with .
However , its practitioners must realize that poorly analyzed metaphors can say too much or too little .
The need for this delicate balance keeps the technique from being a panacea , but does n’t prevent it from being useful .
The history of Aromatherapy dates back at least to 4000 BC , although the term “ aromatherapy ” was first used in the 1920s by the French chemist René Maurice Gattefossé who accidentally discovered in laboratory that lavender oil relives pain and assists to slight burns healing .
The word “ Aromatherapy ” is a compound Greek word made up by the word fragrance ( aroma ) and the word treatment ( therapy ) .
It is historically proved that the ancient Egyptians , Greeks , Romans , and Persians used to use aromatherapy oils .
Most probably aromatic plants were also known in ancient China , but very little is known .
Moreover , there is historical evidence in the Bible for the use of plants and oils for therapeutic but also religious aims .
In ancient Egypt , plant oils were widely used for cosmetics , spiritual relaxation , as well as for embalming and mummification of their deads .
At that age , on special occasions women and men used to wear on their heads a gradually - melting solid cone that released its fragrance .
As a consequence of the Egyptians ’ love for aromatic plants and herbs , the fragrance industry and aromatic medicine were developed more than in any other ancient culture .
The history of Aromatherapy leads us to Ancient Greece .
Greeks borrowed many healing and relaxation techniques from the Egyptians .
They used herbs and aromatherapy oils for medicines and cosmetics .
Asclepius ( circa 1200 BC ) is the first known physician in history who experimented with herbs and plants in his surgeries .
Hypocrites ( circa 400 BC ) , “ the father of medicine ” , studied the beneficial effects of hundreds of scented plants and herbs .
He believed that good health can be promoted with aromatic baths and oil massage and therefore surgeries should be avoided when possible .
Other Greek physicians who dealt with herbs and aromatic oils are Pedacius Dioscorides and Theophrastus who prescribed herbal and aromatic remedies .
The Romans developed the Egyptian and Greek techniques for distillation and extraction of aromatic floral waters taking advantage of their knowledge of the natural medicines .
The most well - known physician of that age was the Greek Claudius Galen ( circa 150 AD ) who after studying herbal medicine and treating hundreds of wounded gladiators with botanical remedies , he became the personal physician of the Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius .
The next important step in the history of Aromatherapy was made by the Persian civilization .
Ibn Sina , a great physician of the age , known in Europe as Avicenna ( circa 1000 AC ) , invented a pipe which steam distilled the plants and produced true essential oils and not aromatic waters as in the past .
After the Catholic Crusaders returned from the Holly Places , many aromatics , herbal remedies and scented plants of the Middle East became well known to Europe .
However , in the Medieval era the Catholic Church rejected the aromatherapy remedies , because of their belief that every disease is a punishment sent by God .
When the pandemia of the Black Death arrived to Europe , almost half of the population in Europe died .
Many botanical remedies were then tried out but without considerable success .
Along with the exploration of the East , merchants brought to Europe new aromatherapy remedies and a rich variety of exotic plants and herbs .
During the Renaissance in Europe , many wealthy people used aromatic handkerchiefs to avoid unpleasant smells and protect themselves from microbes .
Moreover essential oils were used in fumigation of hospitals .
At the same period of the history of Aromatherapy , physicians , pharmacists and chemists used to distillate more plants to create essentials oils and many of them published books about aromatic remedies and the use of aromatherapy essential oils for relaxation and pharmaceutical purposes .
As years went by , “ apothecaries ” who were herbalists and medical practitioners engaged in the formulation and prescription of pharmaceutical remedies , started to sell herbals , essential oils and fragrances .
Consequently , many essential oil industries were established throughout Europe , providing oils for the pharmaceutical , flavour and fragrance purposes .
The history of Aromatherapy continues during the 20th century , when many aromatherapists contributed their knowledge to aromatherapy and created more natural products and more effective and pleasurable techniques .
As mentioned before , the French chemist René Maurice Gattefossé was the first to introduce the term “ aromatherapy ” in 1928 .
A follower of Gattefossé , a French army doctor called Jean Valnet , started working with essential oils in order to treat wounded soldiers and heal gangrene during the Second World War .
The idea was further developed by an Austrian biochemist named Marguerite Maury that used essential oils as an integral part of healing massage and practiced the use of aromatherapy for cosmetic benefits .
The results and techniques experimented by Valnet , Maury and her co-researcher Micheline Arcier ’s are considered as the basis of modern aromatherapy that today is taught all over the world .
The first book in the history of Aromatherapy published in the English language was the “ Art of Aromatherapy ” written by the English aromatherapist Robert B. Tisserand in 1977 .
Another classic book dedicated to medicinal herbs is “ Health through God ’s Pharmac ” .
Its author , the Austrian Herbalist Maria Treben , claimed that “ There is a plant for every illness ” .
Nowadays , the popularity of essential oils and aromatherapy rises especially in the Western World .
Aromatherapy has become fundamental for alternative and holistic medicine .
Numerous studies and books about Aromatherapy and the healing power of essential oils are published and more natural products are created for therapeutic , cosmetic and aromatic benefits .
ONE treat of the business year is to read the annual letter to shareholders from Berkshire Hathaway 's celebrated boss , Warren Buffett .
The Sage of Omaha 's latest epistle is just out , and it is full of good things .
There is the well - deserved dose of self - congratulation ―Berkshire Hathaway 's $ 16.9 billion gain in net worth in the past year is “ more than has ever been booked by any American business ” ―shared generously with the “ great managers ” who run the companies , and seasoned with a self - deprecating joke or two ( “ our wonderful group office has made me the Pampered Chief ” ) .
There is a survey of the general business scene , and the usual sharp talking points .
Mr Buffett does not expect that coming disclosure rules will put a stop to “ astronomical ” executive compensation , often unrelated to performance .
That will “ only occur if the largest institutional shareholders ―it would only take a few ―demand a fresh look at the whole system ” .
Another favourite target is the fees charged by fund managers : “ In 2006 , promises and fees hit new highs ” .
Noting that his firm 's gains were due in large part to the kindness of Mother Nature ( Berkshire is big in insurance ) , Mr Buffett wonders if the “ terrible hurricane seasons of 2004 - 05 were aberrations ...
Or were they our planet 's first warning that the climate of the 21st century will differ materially from what we have seen in the past ? ”
His sobering conclusion : “ It is naïve to think of Katrina as anything close to a worst - case event ” .
AFP
The king of Berkshire
This year 's letter also has an unusually elegiac quality .
Mr Buffett mourns not only the passing of traditional climate patterns , but also the glory days of the newspaper industry , another big industry for Berkshire , where he thinks that “ eroding fundamentals will overwhelm managerial brilliance ” .
Even if “ non-economic buyers ” emerge for newspapers , he says , “ the ‘ psychic ' value of possessing one will wane ” .
A couple of his comments touch on ISCAR and TTI , firms that sold themselves to Berkshire Hathaway last year partly to resolve succession challenges .
Paul Andrews of TTI wanted to sell after he “ happened to witness how disruptive the death of a founder ” could be to a firm , says Mr Buffett , adding : “ What starts out as disruptive , furthermore , often evolves into destructive ” .
That added an extra edge to the subject on which Mr Buffett is most elegiac of all ―the impending end of his own time at the helm .
At 76 he claims to “ feel terrific ” and to be “ in excellent health .
It 's amazing what Cherry Coke and hamburgers will do for a fellow . ”
On the other hand , he is clearly worried about finding a successor .
As Mr Buffett said in last year 's letter , his own firm has identified three “ outstanding ” internal candidates to replace him as chief executive .
The board knows “ exactly who should take over if I should die tonight ” , he says .
But Mr Buffett 's genius is not primarily that of a chief executive .
It is that of an investor , perhaps the greatest investor of his generation .
And who could possibly be assured of succeeding him in that role ?
His long - term business partner , Charlie Munger , is too old , as is the best internal candidate , Lou Simpson , who is 70 .
So Mr Buffett is left looking for a younger version of himself , someone who will be committed to Berkshire Hathaway , and “ genetically programmed to recognise and avoid serious risks , including those never previously encountered . ”
Finding such a person will be hard , if not impossible .
At least Mr Buffett is avoiding the trap that has caught many a corporate King Lear .
He is not pinning his business hopes on his children .
Indeed , he is not even trusting them with most of his fortune , as he showed last year by giving some $ 30 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , a charity , and warning of the dangers of the “ lucky sperm club ” .
Compare that with the more conventional line taken by Rupert Murdoch , another corporate Lear probably approaching the end of his reign .
At various times various Murdoch children have reputedly been in line to succeed , only to leave the family firm .
Only James Murdoch is working currently for his father .
Now Mr Murdoch 's latest wife , Wendy Deng , is viewed by some as a potential successor ―a prospect said to dismay the Murdoch children , who , unlike the Buffett offspring , also expect to inherit much of their father 's fortune .
For an ageing boss spared the Grim Reaper 's hand , the question of when to step down voluntarily may be the most painful decision of a lifetime .
But ducking it is to risk , in Mr Buffett 's words , “ decay ... accompanied by my delusionally thinking that I am reaching new heights of managerial brilliance ” .
No one thinks Mr Buffett is near that position yet .
The same goes , if a touch less confidently , for Mr Murdoch .
But decay , when it comes , can move fast .
It would be a pity for either man 's empire to rely too heavily for its continuity on a diet of Cherry Coke and hamburgers .
Illustration by John Ritter __The CIA needs to get a Q. __James
Bond 's gadget guru surely would have warned the agency about how easy it is to track calls made via cell phone .
Now 25 of its agents are facing trial in absentia in Milan , Italy , this summer — undone by their pathetic ignorance of technology .
It seems that cellular data exposed their operation to carry out the " extraordinary rendition " ( read : illegal abduction ) of an Egyptian cleric suspected of terrorist involvement from a Milan street in 2003 .
Cell phones communicate with nearby transmission towers when making and receiving calls .
As many criminals know , tower location is recorded with the billing data .
The spooks apparently did n't realize this and left a trail of cellular footprints at the crime scene .
When an Italian prosecutor pulled the records of phones in the area at the time , the plot became apparent .
He was able to identify the agents ( by alias ) , where they had stayed , and even calls they made to northern Virginia ( where CIA headquarters is ) , the US consulate in Milan , a US Air Force base in Aviano , and each other .
The cleric , Abu Omar , has been released .
But should the operatives — likely back in the States — be found guilty , they wo n't be able to travel anywhere Interpol operates .
Maybe they can telecommute .
How They Did It
Coordinating the abduction
The CIA 's snatch team used unsecured mobile handsets to communicate during the kidnapping .
By zeroing in on phones in the area that were unusually active at the time of the grab — many calling each other — authorities were able to identify the handsets involved .
Soon they knew the agents ' aliases , where they had stayed , and who else they had called .
Checking in with headquarters
One of the agents participating in the abduction used his cell phone to call Robert Lady , the CIA station chief in Milan .
This provided Italian investigators with the first undeniable link to CIA involvement .
Lady has been forced to leave Italy and is now among those facing charges .
Planning the escape
Several phones involved in the operation called an Air Force base in Aviano , both before and immediately after the event .
Among the numbers dialed : the mobile phone of a commanding officer at the base .
This revealed the getaway .
Italian authorities believe the cleric was held at Aviano before being flown to Egypt , where he claims to have been tortured .
START PREVIOUS : Translucent Dolphins Go Round on a Reinvention of the Carousel NEXT : Japanese Schoolgirl Watch : Coin - Op Aerobics
In the intellectual battle for liberty , sometimes it's a good idea to skip the latest high - brow attack on capitalism from the Left or Right and instead poke fun at a ridiculous news article .
A recent AP story , " Scientists in food fight over soda , " provides a perfect target .
The article begins by informing us of new reports in science journals that " add evidence to the theory that soda and other sugar - sweetened drinks do n't just go hand - in - hand with obesity , but actually cause it . "
The point is important because " proving this would be a scientific leap that could help make the case for higher taxes on soda , restrictions on how and where it is sold — maybe even a surgeon general 's warning on labels . "
Before continuing , I note with dismay that I am old enough to remember when libertarians and conservatives would object to government interference with tobacco and alcohol by asking , " What next ?
Will the government start taxing fatty foods and put warning labels on fettuccine alfredo ? "
I can honestly remember that the proponents of the " serious " regulations dismissed this particularly slippery slope argument as absolutely absurd , that nobody would ever advocate a tax on fatty foods .
And yet now , Barry Popkin at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill defends the taxes on soda by pointing out , " We 've done it with cigarettes . "
The news article , in a nod to fairness and balance , naturally quotes people who are scandalized by the proposals .
For example , Adam Drewnowski , director of nutritional sciences at the University of Washington in Seattle , says , " The science is being stretched . "
Ah , but do n't worry about his view , because immediately after the quote the article tells us , " [ Drewnowski ] owns stock in beverage companies and has done extensive research in the field , much of it financed by industry but also some by government . "
There are all sorts of things that bother me about that last bit .
First , do you mean to tell me that the reporter could n't find one single qualified scientist who opposes these new regulations , and yet does n't own stock in beverage companies ?
The way the article currently reads , the only scientists who oppose the taxes are the stooges of the corporations .
Besides Drewnowski , the article quotes a Richard Adamson who said it's " laughable " to compare obesity with lung cancer , but the reader is quickly told that Adamson is " a senior science consultant to the American Beverage Association . "
Second , what about the government funding of all of the pro-tax scientists ?
These connections are ignored ; for example , the article did n't mention that Barry Popkin of UNC Chapel Hill is an employee of the government .
If we are to automatically assume that anyone who is funded by the beverage industry would therefore oppose taxes on soda , why should n't we also assume that anyone who is funded by the government would support taxes on soda ( and everything else ) ?
Note that I do n't simply mean the vague connection between tax receipts and scientific funding out of tax revenues ; I am being far more cynical and suggesting that the government might be more willing to fund those scientists who get behind programs that expand the government 's power .
The Evidence
But by all means , let us move on to the evidence behind this scientific link .
For example , we are told that soft drink consumption rose " more than 60 percent among adults and more than doubled in kids from 1977 - 97 , " and that " the prevalence of obesity roughly doubled in that time . "
Now get ready : " Scientists say these parallel trends are one criterion for proving cause - and - effect . "
I do n't really know that I need to ridicule that last sentence ; just quoting it should be sufficient .
But in case you do n't see what the big deal is , let me spell it out :
Did we really need scientists to tell us that when two things happen at the same time , it suggests that there might be a cause - and - effect relationship ?
And , I 'm sorry to say for these scientists , mere association is never ever proof of causation .
The other " criterion " besides the " parallel trends " would be the complete absence of kids who drink more soda and do n't gain weight .
Of course such counterexamples exist ; there are indeed people who drink a lot of soda and are n't obese .
Whoops , there goes the possible proof of a strict cause - and - effect relationship .
But let 's go back to the precious statistics : " [ A study ] of 548 Massachusetts schoolchildren found that for each additional sweet drink consumed per day , the odds of obesity increased 60 percent . "
What exactly does this statement even mean ?
It surely does n't mean that if you drink two cans of soda per day , you have a 120 percent chance of being obese .
So it must mean that of the 548 Massachusetts children who drank zero soft drinks , a certain percentage A were obese .
Then if you look at the sample children who drank 1 soft drink per day , a certain percentage B were obese .
Of the children who drank 2 sodas per day , C percent were obese , and so on .
Now do you mean to tell me that B= ( 1.6 ) A , while C=( 1.6 ) B , D=( 1.6 ) C , etc . ?
In other words , do we really believe that the increase for " each additional sweet drink consumed per day " was 60 percent regardless of the number of initial drinks to which we add one ?
Of course not ; even that figure of 60 percent must itself be an average .
And for all we know , the initial percentage could be very low , so that even drinking 200 sodas per day gives you a 1 percent chance of being obese .
( Naturally I do n't think that 's the case , but it could be , for the scant information provided by the news article . )
Our good friend Popkin also tells us that sugar - sweetened beverages " may be psychological triggers of poor eating habits and cravings for fast food . "
To this end , he studied the dietary patterns of 9,500 American adults in a federal study and found that those " who drank healthier beverages — water , low - fat milk , unsweetened coffee or tea — were more likely to eat vegetables and less likely to eat fast food . "
On the other hand , " fast food consumption was doubled if they were high soda consumers and vegetable consumption was halved . "
You do n't say , Dr. Popkin .
Can I get some federal money too ?
I have a strong hunch that plastic sporks cause people to eat the unhealthful offerings at Taco Bell .
In a follow - up study , I 'll examine the psychological triggers of their Mild and Hot sauce packs .
After giving a nod to the other side — but again , not without reminding the readers that they are all funded directly or indirectly by the beverage industry — the article closes with " [ o ] ne of the nation 's leading epidemiologists who has no firm stake in the debate , the American Cancer Society 's Dr. Michael Thun . "
This august scientist adds the following to our understanding of this important social issue :
" Caloric imbalance causes obesity , so in the sense that any one part of the diet is contributing excess calories , it 's contributing causally to the obesity , " Thun said .
" It does n't mean that something is the only cause .
It means that in the absence of that factor there would be less of that condition . "
Did you get that , folks ?
Soda causes obesity in the sense that soda has calories , and so if you drink more soda and do n't cut back on other sources of calories , you 'll have more obesity .
Who would 've thought ?
The Real Issue : Liberty
Unfortunately , not even the lapdogs of the beverage companies questioned the government 's authority to regulate against obesity — one of them actually suggested that instead of taxing soda , the government should subsidize vegetables !
Rather than make the case for consumer choice , these consultants ( like the tobacco companies ) try to argue the impossible and say that there is no established link between soda and obesity .
Now in fairness , these are the industry scientists , and so one could claim that their job is to argue about the science , while other industry representatives ( the political economists ? ) should argue the freedom angle .
Even so , it 's depressing that in a fairly long news article , no one even mentioned the fact that consumers have a right to drink whatever they please , and that if indeed " public " schools are making kids overweight , that that 's yet another reason to shut them down ( the government schools , not the kids ) .
Beyond the injustice of more looting every time you buy a soda , these proposals would be yet more precedent for future government invasions of liberty .
In twenty years , when someone proposes that slothful television viewing be regulated , some scientist will no doubt say , " We did it with Coke . "
証券もダメですね〜。野村、大和、日興は、みな大幅な減益です。個人の投信を買う動きが、何とか業績の下支えをしている状態。これで銀行、生保、損保、証券、それに消費者金融と、日本の金融は揃って厳しいことが明らかになってきました。先進国の金融業がダイナミックでグローバルな競争をしている時代に、日本の金融は内向きで、そこに追いついていないのです。こうなると欧米だけでなく、やはりアジアの追い上げも考えておいた方が良さそう。私が人寿保険を買ったのは、単純に「人が少なくなる日本の保険会社よりも、中国の生保の方が将来性がありそう」と思ったからですが、これからは銀行にも注目したいと考えています。
やはり日本は、競争に鍛えられてきた製造業が強い。グローバルの波に晒されていないのは、新聞やテレビのようなマスコミ各社も同じですが、こちらは株式が公開されなかったり、記者クラブや日本語といった壁に守られていたり、休刊日のような談合があって、実際には護送船団を続けているから、まあ何とか格好がついているのでしょう。良いか悪いかは別として、日本のメディアは、民間といっても実際には半官半民。情報通信というより、少し前の建設や土木のイメージで考えた方が良いのかもしれません。なぜなら、大手ゼネコンのような数社が君臨し、裾野を支える小さな企業では、低賃金や重労働が当たり前という状態が長く続いているから。製造業なら、部品メーカーとして成長した後、世界に広がった企業が幾つもあります。日本電産や村田製作所のように。でも、メディアの世界でグローバルな日本企業といわれても、ちょっと思いつきません。
きょうはフジサンケイ・ビジネスアイの記事「検証シティの野望」の書き出しが印象に残りました。
「 外資アレルギーが強い日本で、外資が３大証券の一角をのみ込むような買収が認められるとは思いもよらなかった」。あるメガバンク幹部は、感慨深げにこうもらした。シティグループによる日興コーディアルグループ買収は、「シティバンク在日支店のダグラス・ピーターソンCEOによる周到な根回しの成果」（関係者）といわれている。「行内では、"ダグ"
の愛称で呼ばれ、行員との飲み会にもよく顔を出し、大好きな焼酎を飲んでいる。米国本部の信頼は絶大」。在日支店の関係者はこう明かす。人なつっこい社交的な性格は、金融庁幹部ら日本の金融当局者とのパイプづくりにも存分に発揮された。「庁内でも人望は厚く、幹部もべた褒め」（中堅幹部）という。
TOB が成立したからご祝儀のような記事も出るんでしょうが、ふと私はホリエモンや村上ファンドのことを考えてしまいました。彼らにかけられている疑いは「インサイダー」疑惑という話になってますが、２人が逮捕されたのは「アウトサイダー」だからではないのか。時間が経つにつれて、その確信は深まるばかりです。シティだけでなく多くの外資が、２人をめぐる騒動と続く展開を見て同じように確信していることでしょう。日本ではインサイダー疑惑なんかよりも、業界においてアウトサイダーとして見なされることこそが、大きなリスクになる、と。飲み会、焼酎、人柄、人望、そして役所とのパイプづくり。こういう部分が評価の対象となるところが、いかにも日本だし、そこをシティは分かっているんですね。日興コーディアルやシティの将来がどうなるか？は分かりませんが、少なくとも、これからは日本をより理解して進出してくる企業が増えることは、間違いないと思います。
日本のマスコミに出演している何人かの方のサイトやブログを見ても、もうホリエモンや村上ファンドの話題に触れている人はいません。日興や加ト吉など、問題を起こした他の企業と比較している人も少ない。つまり２人は、日本のマスコミ的には、すでに葬られた過去の人なんでしょうね。私が「正しい、正しくない」にあまりこだわらないのは、ここが日本だと意識しているからです。裁判には時間がかかるし、マスコミや論壇での「正しい、正しくない」という話も、まるで見世物のようになっているから、そこを深く考えても意味がないように思えてしまう。いろんな事件も、関心の瞬間風速だけは強いけれど、時間をかけて深く意味をたどるようなことは、あまり好まれないようです。それよりも「損か、得か」を考えることが、生きてゆくためのコツなのでしょう。それが「美しい日本」の、美しさの秘密なのかもしれません。日本は欧米ではなくアジアの一角なのです。
This Iraq , we are told by Bush , is getting better all the time , like a Beatles song .
The schools and markets that were closed in Baghdad are now reopening ( and people are being shot there daily , or being blown up like the Sunni leader , Abdul Sattar Buzaigh al - Rishawi , in Anbar Province that we were apparently depending on who bought the big one yesterday . )
Fantasy Iraq is a place where we are building an " enduring relationship " , which means we will be there until Hell freezes over ( a long time ) , with young Americans providing training targets for insurgents .
And although Bush said some troops would be home by Christmas , and others would be back by July , according to his plans the number of troops in Iraq could be higher in the summer of 2008 than it was in the fall of 2006 before the surge began .
It is a very special kind of reduction where the quantity goes up instead of down .
It takes a special vision to view troop reductions this way ...
Bush 's Vision .
I think Bush has lost his mind .
The world that he sees and whose existence he tries to show to us , does not exist for anyone else .
And while Republicans , through the sheer political will power of Party support , still bolster his Presidency , they are falling away in flakes , like paint chipping off an old house .
One day there will be nothing but exposed wood and we see what has been underneath all the time .
We press on with a madman in charge , ready to push his legacy upon us .
" The way forward I have described tonight makes it possible , for the first time in years , for people who have been on opposite sides of this difficult debate to come together , " he said .
Hopefully , they will come together to strap the straight jacket on the Commander in Chief .
Under the LobsterScope
New imagesobtained by a sharp - eyed Martian satellite reveal that some Red Planet featuresonce thought to have been carved by flowing water were in fact created by otherprocesses .
The imageswere taken during the first 100 days of the MarsReconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) mission and are detailed in a special sectionof the Sept. 21 issue of the journal Science .?
While theresults do n't confirm or deny the existence of liquid water on Mars ' surface , they are no less fascinating , say the scientists involved .
For instance , oneteam found no evidence that flowing water caused bright deposits on the planet .
Instead , the scientists proposed dry landslides caused the deposits .
" Allfindings are good findings , " said one team leader Alfred McEwen , aplanetary geologist at the University of Arizona .
PhilipChristensen of Arizona State University said the MRO results reiterate that " Mars has been fairly dry for the recent past and we need to be carefuland not overestimate how much water may have been present , or may have shapedthe surface " in ancient times .
" Ihave been a ' dry Mars guy ' for a long time , " Christensen said .
" Thesefindings are basically saying you look at very high resolution and you do seesome evidence for water , there 's no disputing that .
But you do n't see anoverwhelming amount of evidence for water . "
Lavaexplosions
Thebus - sized MROorbiting spacecraft , launched in 2005 , is equipped with six instruments , including the High - Resolution Imaging Science Experiment camera , or HiRISE , which provides 10 times the resolution of any past Mars imagers .
While the MROimages are in some cases inconclusive on the question of Martian water , theyare painting a picture of the Martian surface for scientists in unprecedenteddetail .
In somecases , the images refute past speculation that some of the features werecreated by flowingwater .
A team ledby Windy Jaeger of the U.S. Geological Survey in Arizona analyzed HiRISE imagesof the Athabasca Valles , a young outflow channel system speculatedto have been carved out by past catastrophic floods .
" That entire surface is coated with a thin layer of solidified lava , very hard rock that 's almost preserved the channel system , " Jaeger said , adding : " Catastrophic water floods probably did carve the channel system , but lava flowed through it more recently . "
Thefindings suggest that rather than flooding , steam explosions left behind trailsof cone - shaped features found on the floor of Athabasca Valles .
" Whenwater and lava interact it causes a steam explosion , " Jaeger told SPACE.com .
" And so the lava - covered ground had ground ice in it .
And as that waterwas heated it exploded in steam explosions through the lava . "
Drylandslides
McEwen ledanother research team , which studied a variety of landforms also thought to beassociated with past water on Mars .
They examined images of gullydeposits that had been detected last year by the Mars Global Surveyor .
The gully deposits were notpresent in 1999 images but appeared by 2004 .
The before - and - after images raisedhopes that modern flows of liquid water created the deposits .
However , observations from MRO suggest a dry origin , McEwen said .
Bothchemical analyses and images of one of the fresh deposits showed no signs offrost or ice and no evidence for even hydrated minerals , all of which could have given the deposits a " bright " appearance .
" Wethink dry landsliding could 've created the bright deposits , " McEwen said .
The slopesabove this deposit and five other locations are steep enough for sand or loose , dry dust to flow down the gullies , the scientists say .
Material uphill could bethe source .
In science , discrediting a theory can be just as important as supporting one .
" Somescience reporters are acting as if we should be disappointed these new brightdeposits were n't deposited by water , " McEwen said .
" We 're excited byany advance in understanding Mars no matter what it is . "
No ocean
Theresearchers also ruled out a hypothesis for an ancient ocean on Mars .
The Vastitas Borealis Formation , whichcovers low - lying northern plains of Mars , was thought to be the result offine - grained deposits left by an ancient ocean .
The new HiRISE images reveal the area , which appearedas flat and featureless in prior missions , is peppered with large boulders .
Themixed - bag of findings intrigue scientists involved .
While Marsis dry now , there remains a lot of water locked up as ice at the poles andbeneath the surface away from the poles .
" Ninety - ninepercent of Mars is pretty dry and pretty average and not all thatexciting , " Christensen said .
" But the one percent is extremely interesting .
Soimagine stumbling across an oasis or hot spring out in the middle of a desert .
It 's a barren desert but gosh that little oasis sure looks attractive . "
As anastrobiologist , Christensen says Mars holds plenty of hideoutsfor life , " I think there are still plenty of places to look forlife on Mars . "
You have something to show related to Apple TV today ... in your first couple of appearances I asked you -- you got good reviews on the Macs , bu tthe needle on the share did n't move .
...
And your market share is what ?
Funny question : this is your gradual exit out of the computer business with the name change ?
Are you planning some big new iPod model post -iPhone ?
[ Some really awkward banter ! ]
Ok .
Ok .
Sorry I was n't taking your feelings into account .
Ok !
Moving right along ... what phone are you carrying ?
When are you planning to ship ?
Like the last day of June ?
It will be available in volume ?
Do you expect to sell most of these through your stores ?
Cingular ?
You 're a lot nicer about cellphone carriers than you were last time I saw you .
- Why do you think they did it ?
Your goals that you set for sales for the iPhone are not gigantic -- but in a billion unit market that 's 1 % .
They did n't sign the deal for a high volume product .
Any features on the iphone you have n't announced you 'd like to share ?
You put out a press release this morning about iTunes without DRM ... is it only EMI ?
A lot of your rivals were lobbying labels for a long time ... there are these issues of lock - in .
Were you just getting ahead of the train that was already moving ?
This part of your business is the iPod .
Not the --
But the iPod is the biggest part .
Most of what I pay goes to the label ... do you jeopardize that when DRM goes away ?
Is the iPhone a wireless iPod ?
Or a phone that has an iPod in it ?
How much debate was there -- do you even have any debate at Apple ?
So how much argument was there about not having a keyboard on the iPhone ?
So you had no one in Cupertino that thought that was a good idea ?
Why ?
How much time do you have before people copy the physical form - factor ?
Was there a cost to announcing early ?
But the iPhone does n't REALLY have the whole OS X operating system on there ...
On the technical side ... could a Mac OS X app run on an iPhone ?
The Holy Grail -- one is a great pocket device ... one is connecting content to your TV ... why do you describe it [ Apple TV ] as a hobby ?
When I tested it it was very easy to set up , why is n't it dead simple to imagine people buying that in large numbers ?
But this is all peas ?
This is n't the main entree ?
Did you ever think you 'd associate the Apple brand with this ?
- Does that mean Leopard is being delayed again ??
Yeah Steve , because you 're REALLY BAD at stage presentations .
Only at D , YouTube on a hundred inch screen .
I do n't know what the res is of this video setup ... but I imagine you have a bigscreen TV ...
YouTube clips do n't even look great on a smail window on your laptop ...
- I 'm telling you , Leopard delayed again !
Why not let the Apple TV go anywhere to get video ?
- So even with the human slingshot and quick - change -- that 's not going to take Apple TV from a hobby to a real business ?
But you 're committed ?
But it 's a set - top box ...
So when you bring an ATV and iPhone home , all you need is iTunes software .
You do n't need to go into the windows control panel ... they have their method .
You just take care of that in iTunes .
[ wow , fluffy Walt ! ]
So the question : how many copies of iTunes are out there ?
- Almost all are on Windows computers ?
Statistically ?
In reality ?
In this dimension ?
So that makes you an enormous Windows software developer .
- There 's that Steve Jobs humility .
Does the scale surprise you ?
This piece of software is on all these Windows computers ...
Do you think video on portable devices is a success ?
A big deal , people want it ?
When you were here before you did n't think anyone would want it ...
You do n't have a video service for the iPhone ...
Q : I read you still personally pick up the phone and recruit people ...
Q : [ From Blake from Sling ! ]
Two parter : can you comment on the 2.5G nature of the iPhone ?
Q : Apple does n't really advertise on the internet ... 95 % of the people who'd see your ad are using the inferior product .
Seems to be a good opportunity .
Q : All indications appear that the iPhone is closed , we 'd love to develop apps ...
Q on iPhone battery life .
Q about Steve 's cancer -- " How are you now ? "
Q : Apple DRM is AAC -- transcoding , ripping , burning , etc. -- why not make Apple 's DRM - free music MP3 ?
[ Applause ]
Q : Do you want to get into the video capture space ?
Q : Do you read the Fake Steve Jobs blog ?
No , the real question that 's meaningful to me ... you 're obsessed with entertainment , but is that irrelevant ?
What REALLY changes the world moving forward ?
Thank you Steve .
12:17 pm - Here we go !
Ladies and gentleman , Steve Jobs !
We 're in two busineses today , we 'll be very shortly in three business and a hobby .
One is our Mac business , second is our music business , third business is the phone business , handsets .
And the hobby is Apple TV .
The reason I call it a hobby is a lot of people have tried and failed to make it a business .
It 's a business that 's hundreds of thousands of units per year but it has n't crested to be millions of units per year , but I think if we improve things we can crack that .
12:20 pm - We all use Macs at Apple , we love the mac .
We think we make the best notebooks in the world , we think we make the best computers in the world .
We 've always been a little ahead , I can see a time where notebooks are 80 - 90 % of what we sell .
We continue to improve our OS -- we had a big release that we did n't get too much credit for ... the OS X product line to Intel .
It was very seameless for the customers .
The growth that we 've seen since the Intel transition has been about 3 x the market growth rate .
12:22 pm - If you measure it worldwide it 's like 3 % .
If you measure it in the US it 's like 5 - 6 % ... if you look at US notebook sales it 's like 12 % .
If you look at US retail we have double - digit market share ... but we can't really calculate the consumer market share .
12:23 pm - No .
If you come to WWDC we 're rolling out our new version of OSX -- massive investments in desktops .
You 'll love it .
12:24 pm - So a while means since last September ?
[ awkward silence ]
This is a fast moving business .
We 're working on the best iPods that we 've ever worked on ... and they 're AWESOME .12:25 pm -[ flashes the iPhone , puts it back away ]
Best iPod we 've ever made , best phone we 've ever made !
Late June ... I hope not !
I hope so !
We 'll be selling these through our stores Cingular which is now the new AT &T ... laughter ... 12:26 pm - Cingular bent and broke a lot of rules , this was an all new deal for them ...
Apple apparently has a lot of respect for Cingular 's trust on Apple .
" Cingular invested in us , and likewise we took a gamble on them .
I will never forget that .
" 12:27 pmThey did it for two reasons : first is because music on phones has n't been successful so far , they wanted to do something good with music on phones .
The second reason is more profound : they have spent and are spending a fortune to build these 3G networks , and so far there ain't a lot to do with them .
People have n't voted with their pocketbooks to sign up for video on their phones .
These phones are n't capable of taking advantage of it .
Youv'e used the internet on your phone , it 's terrible !
You get the baby internet , or the mobile internet -- people want the REAL internet on their phone .
We are going to deliver that .
We 're going to take advantage of some of these investments in bandwidth .
12:28 pm - A billion units is a worldwide number ... people have forgotten more than we know about this market .
12:29 pm - Uh , nope !
[ Laughter ]
12:30 pm - It 's only EMI right now but there are zillions of independants that want to jump on .
We worked really hard not to add complexity .
The first time you buy an iTunes Plus song it asks if you only want to buy it where it 's available ?
So wherever it 's available you get those .
We 're also offering people a special offer to upgrade every song they own to iTunes Plus for $ 0.30 per song or 30 % of the album price .
[ Chatting about the DRM - free business model going forward , and the open letter .
]12:32 pm - If you look at the total number of iPods and total number of songs sold on iTunes , it 's less than 25 per iPod .
They 're clearly not getting the majority of their songs from iTunes , so this notion we have a lock - in is ridiculous .
You can get MP3s from anywhere , they rip their CDs , and get their music from ... other ways .
The way we 've always felt , we have the best music player people will buy iPods .
If we have the best music store people will buy music .
We felt that we have a great solution -- 12:33 pm
- There 's three pieces .
The iPod , iTunes -- the jukebox -- on the Mac and PC .
And there 's the online store in the cloud .
12:34 pm - Again , if people are getting the vast majority of their music not from the store I think that 's because the iPod is the best music player .
12:35 pm - It 's three things : the best iPod we 've ever made .
An incredibly great cellphone -- we 've really revolutionized how to use a cellphone .
If it was nothing but a cellphone it'd be really successful .
Third thing is it 's the internet in your pocket for the first time .
If it was any of those three it'd be successful .
If it was just the internet in your pocket it 'd sell better than the Sony Mylo ... 12:36 pm - There 's lots .
[ Laughter ]
If you want to hire and keep bright people you can't tell them what to do ... very often .
Once a year , maybe twice , you have a silver bullet now and then , but basically you do n't do that .
At Apple it 's about ideas , and we argue about ideas constantly .
12:37 pm - None . None .
Yeah .
[ Laughter ] 12:38 pm - A few reasons .
Once you actually use this magical display there 's no going back .
We actually think we have a better keyboard .
It takes a few days of getting used to , but I bet you dinner that after a few days of using it you 'll be convinced .
It takes a week -- you have to learn how to trust it .
When you learn how to trust it , you 'll fly .
And we can use that physical space for other things where you do n't need a keyboard -- we can add new applications ... it provides incredible flexibility and you do n't take up half the space of this thing with a phsyical keyboard .
12:39 pm
- If you zoom out and you say why does the iPod exist ?
Why is Apple successful in this business ?
What 's the answer ?
Because the Japanese CE companies who were the preeiminent hardware makers just could n't do software as well it needed to be done .
If you look at the iPod , it 's a software product -- in beautiful hardware .
Software wrapped in a beautiful package .
The Japanese CE companies could n't make the leap to create that kind of software .
And that 's why Apple enjoys the success it does with the iPod .
If you look at handsets it looks very similar .
The handset makers have their hardware down , but have n't been able to make the leap to software .
Like Microsoft's PlaysForSure -- licensable , it's of a certain cailber ... but our software is at least 5 years ahead of anything we 've seen .
We 've spent years working on this .
We started with an OS we 've been working on for well over a decade ... 12:42 pm - The answer is : yes it does !
The entire Mac OS is gigs , a lot is data .
Take out the data -- every desktop pattern , sound sample -- if you look at Safari it 's not that big .
It 's REAL Safari , REAL OS X .
We put a different user interface on it to work with a multi - touch screen ... it 's an amazing amount of software .
12:43 pm
- We do n't think that 's a good idea .
We do n't have a mouse , we do n't have pull - down menus ... we have a very different user interface on the phone .
[ Ha !
Nice non-answer !]
12:44 pm - Coming from the PC market you first think about getting content from your PC to your livingroom .
I 'm not sure that 's really what most consumers want .
It 's great to show photos , play your music , but we tend to think of that as the entree -- that 's the peas on the side .
I brought something to show you .
12:46 pm - [ Demo time !
He 's working with an Apple TV ] [ Going through the interface -- talking about streaming . ]
One of the things we stream directly is movie trailers -- here 's a little moving coming out at the end of June , it 's called Ratatouille .
12:48 pm - Works fine off cable modem -- works even better on 100 mbit fiber optic networks I hear people have .
You can buy movies off iTunes as well .
It 's pretty good quality -- we arent selling high def ... at this point .
But I think in the future that might change !
12:49 pm -
We 're going to sell our 100 millionth TV show this year .. it 's fun .
[ Talking more about how Apple TV works .
]
12:51 pm - 12:52 pm -
We 'll see over time , but I 'm not so sure it is ... we 'll see .
So what we 're going to do today is introduce something really cool .
People want to buy a lot of video ... would n't it be great if you could see YouTube on your Apple TV ... it 's available as a free software upgrade available in a few weeks .
Normally I would n't announce it early , but hey , it 's D.12:55 pm - [ Watching some YouTube video ] 12:56 pm
- You know , it 's funny , since we got this working we 've been watching a TON of this stuff .
12:58 pm[ laughter ]
I'm nervous up here , I hit the wrong keys ... [ Laughter ]
[ Showing the human slingshot video . ]
" It 's like the Darwin Awards . "
[ People are laughing already . ]
The biggest thing that limits the quality is the source YT gets ... you get what you get , like you I 'm a stickler for quality .
But this stuff is so fun to watch .
1:00 pmThat 's a good idea !
Let 's do it !
No ... these ideas will percolate up , we 'll have a collection of ideas of what we can do with this stuff .
I think a normal web browser is not necessarily what people want in their living room .
1:02 pmI use the word hobby because it 's provocative , but the iPod started this way .
The iPod started off feeling a lot like this .
Totally .
No , we 've wanted to do this for a few years .
But we thought of this as a set - top box replacement .
The minute you have an STB you have gnarly issues , CableCARD , OCAP ... that just is n't something we would choose to do ourselves .
We could n't see a go - to - market strategy that makes sense .
But wait , there are a lot more DVD players than STBs , we just want to be a new DVD player for the internet age .
And that 's what we can be .
So our model for the Apple TV is like a DVD player for the internet .
Several times as many copies of iTunes out there .
300 m or more .
1:05 pmStatistically yes .
It 's like giving a glass of ice water to somebody in hell !
1:06 pmThe scale of all these things surprises me .
I never thought we 'd ship 100 m iPods .
No , never .
1:07 pmI was definitely more skeptical than customers .
What happened was , with the iPod video they proved us wrong .
We talk to our customers a lot , do a lot of research .
Video has been the number one or two reason people have bought that product ... people watch a lot of video on those iPods .
The screens are small , but they 're $ 249 .
Video is here to stay , and its use will grow .
1:08 pm - Sure we do ... it 's iTunes .
Not over the air .
People have tried it with music and it's failed .
Part of the reason that it 's failed is the phone is n't the best place for discovering music or browsing catalogues .
Then there 's the cost of wireless vs. terrestrial internet .
Then you get it on your phone you have to sync it back to your PC ... we 've got 100 m
iPods we 've sold that people know how to sync , they know how to buy music on iTunes .
1:09 pm -
So you have no plans to put any version of the iTunes store on the iPhone itself despite the fact that you have a big screen and non-baby OS ?
We certainly have nothing to announce today .
[ Q& A time ]
Our business , all we are is our ideas , all we are is our people .
That 's what keeps us going to work in the morning .
I 've always felt and feel even more strongly that recruiting is the heart and soul of what we do .
Interesting thing , it automatically switches to WiFi automatically -- I 'm in this industry , we were the first to ship a laptop with WiFi , shipped the first G , first N routers ... [ nope ! ]
If you choose to join a network it remembers that .
But if you 're in a place and you want to join a WiFi network you have n't joined before it prompts you .
But it 's EVERYWHERE .
There 's like 10 x more WiFi out there than I ever thought there was .
WiFi is faster than any 3G , and EDGE is very fast too .
I can say that our Mac vs PC campaign we advertise online quite a bit ... but not on those porn sites .
This is an important tradeoff between security and openness .
We want both .
We 're working through a way ... we 'll find a way to let 3rd parties write apps and still preserve security on the iPhone .
But until we find that way we can't compromise the security of the phone .
I 've used 3rd party apps ... the more you add , the more your phone crashes .
No one 's perfect , and we 'd sure like our phone not to crash once a day .
If you can just be a little more patient with us I think everyone can get what they want .
When you 're talking about a portable device it's all about power , it 's all about battery life .
We 've been fighting that fight for a long time with our notebooks .
We were able to bring all our experience to the phone -- you 've hit a key theme of portables .
I 'm still vertical !
laughter .
I 'm feeling great , thanks .
Let me point out a few things .
All the MP3s you guys sell will play fine on iPods .
We chose AAC because it 's a much better encoder .
We do n't own it .
Anyone can license it , the majority of players out there can play it , and most of the big players out there play AAC .
[ Umm , no , not actually true ! ]
We 're not trying to keep anyone out , we 're just trying to use a superior audio technology .
You can encode all your stuff in AAC as well , it'd be really easy ... We do build video cameras into most of our computers now ...
MacBooks are pretty tiny .
We 're not planning on getting into the camcorder market .
I have read a few of the FSJ things recently , but I thought it was pretty funny !
( questioner : I do n't write it . )
I am interested in storytelling , I got involved with Pixar , I 'm the one of the cheerleaders at Disney and I love a lot of the stuff they do , so I love storytelling .
but what we do at Apple is try to make tools for people , tools to enjoy and create , whether it 's Macs or phones or iPods .
This age we 're living in ... these tools can always surprise you on the upside .
We did n't design the ATV for YouTube , we did n't design iTunes for universities , but as of this morning there 's iTunes U... alumni can get at it , MIT , Stanford , Berkeley , and this is iTunes , and it 's free .
So who would have thought ?
That 's what I love what we do -- we make these tools and they 're constatntly surprising us .
[ Steve walks offstage , we 're all done ! ]
As the open source insurgency continues to improve its methods and the US counter - insurgency effort becomes more of a police force to bolster street level security , the potential for successful assaults and overruns of small US outposts becomes a major threat .
This worry , which was explored last year in briefs on this weblog , became a reality today as guerrillas mounted a triple carbomb ( VBIED ) and swarming attack on a US outpost 30 miles north of Baghdad in Tarmyia .
The small size of the base ( 100 US soldiers ) and its urban location ( in the middle of the town ) made it particularly suitable for an attack .
To attack the outpost , the guerrillas used the technique used earlier in attacks on hotels / hospitals in central Baghdad .
An initial attack was made with several carbombs and a third carbomb was used to kill / injure the attackers in the response force investigating the initial attack .
The attack was capped with a swarming attack on the outpost from all points on the compass ( read " Swarming " for more on this tactic ) .
2 US troops died and 17 were wounded in the attack .
The only thing lacking from earlier practice was media coverage of the event ( it might still end up on YouTube ) and , luckily , the recently developed technique for ambushing helicopter borne responders .
This will not be an isolated incident .
The risk of a complete overrun exists and that risk will grow as the US continues to push forward with more aggressive counter - insurgency operations at the street level .
It ’s been a while since we have reviewed an SSD and as with most types of storage you now get more space for your money than ever .
So today we ’re going to take a look at an internal SSD , namely the Samsung 850 EVO 250 GB 2.5 - Inch SATA III SSD .
We picked the Samsung 850 EVO 250 GB model as currently it ’s the best - selling SSD over at Amazon plus it ’s receiving great reviews around the web .
Upgrading your PC with an SSD is one of the most cost effective ways to breathe new life into an old unit , and with the Samsung 250 GB 850 EVO you ca n’t really go wrong .
Whilst not the cheapest on the block , it ’s still priced well given its outstanding features .
Read on to discover more about the Samsung 250 GB 850 EVO SSD .
Read the rest of this entry »
Featured Tags samsung
The shift follows an internal review involving the White House , the Pentagon and the state department over the last month .
Although the Bush administration is in deep trouble over Iraq , it remains focused on Iran .
A well - placed source in Washington said : " Bush is not going to leave office with Iran still in limbo . "
The White House claims that Iran , whose influence in the Middle East has increased significantly over the last six years , is intent on building a nuclear weapon and is arming insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The vice - president , Dick Cheney , has long favoured upping the threat of military action against Iran .
He is being resisted by the secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , and the defence secretary , Robert Gates .
Last year Mr Bush came down in favour of Ms Rice , who along with Britain , France and Germany has been putting a diplomatic squeeze on Iran .
But at a meeting of the White House , Pentagon and state department last month , Mr Cheney expressed frustration at the lack of progress and Mr Bush sided with him .
" The balance has tilted .
There is cause for concern , " the source said this week .
Nick Burns , the undersecretary of state responsible for Iran and a career diplomat who is one of the main advocates of negotiation , told the meeting it was likely that diplomatic manoeuvring would still be continuing in January 2009 .
That assessment went down badly with Mr Cheney and Mr Bush .
" Cheney has limited capital left , but if he wanted to use all his capital on this one issue , he could still have an impact , " said Patrick Cronin , the director of studies at the International Institute for Strategic Studies .
The Washington source said Mr Bush and Mr Cheney did not trust any potential successors in the White House , Republican or Democratic , to deal with Iran decisively .
They are also reluctant for Israel to carry out any strikes because the US would get the blame in the region anyway .
" The red line is not in Iran .
The red line is in Israel .
If Israel is adamant it will attack , the US will have to take decisive action , " Mr Cronin said .
" The choices are : tell Israel no , let Israel do the job , or do the job yourself . "
Almost half of the US 's 277 warships are stationed close to Iran , including two aircraft carrier groups .
The aircraft carrier USS Enterprise left Virginia last week for the Gulf .
A Pentagon spokesman said it was to replace the USS Nimitz and there would be no overlap that would mean three carriers in Gulf at the same time .
No decision on military action is expected until next year .
In the meantime , the state department will continue to pursue the diplomatic route .
Sporadic talks are under way between the EU foreign policy chief , Javier Solana , and Iran 's top nuclear negotiator , Ali Larijani , on the possibility of a freeze in Iran 's uranium enrichment programme .
Tehran has so far refused to contemplate a freeze , but has provisionally agreed to another round of talks at the end of the month .
The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , Mohamed ElBaradei , has said that there are signs of Iran slowing down work on the enrichment plant it is building in Natanz .
Negotiations took place in Tehran last week between Iranian officials and the IAEA , which is seeking a full accounting of Iran 's nuclear activities before Tehran disclosed its enrichment programme in 2003 .
The agency 's deputy director general , Olli Heinonen , said two days of talks had produced " good results " and would continue .
At the UN , the US , Britain and France are trying to secure agreement from other security council members for a new round of sanctions against Iran .
The US is pushing for economic sanctions that would include a freeze on the international dealings of another Iranian bank and a mega - engineering firm owned by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard .
Russia and China are resisting tougher measures .
2006 .
This grouping of plaques recontextualizes interpersonal phrases .
Familiar slogans used during delightful moments of play or as a childhood reassurance are placed within public spaces .
I hope to stimulate a discrete communal dialogue , insert moments of discovery into the daily routine & encourage a more intimate relation with a chosen path .
Wonder Found
– Instilling wonder in the daily routine .
– Encouraging an attentive community .
– Bringing surprise & delight those that find them .
But , Strauss suggested , there are problems inherent in these views ; one way to understand these problems better is to look to the past .
Around the time of Machiavelli , Strauss argued , something profound began to change in politics and philosophy .
Different ideas about humanity were developing , some encouraged by the growing power of science and an increasing faith in the ability of reason to transform the world , others by the dismantling of old hierarchies and the development of democracy .
Notions of human progress and political evolution took root .
While some of these ideas , no doubt , transformed the world for the better , some — about the perfectibility of humanity and the ability to transform the world — ended up as the handmaidens of 20th - century tyranny .
Strauss was wary .
" We are not permitted to be flatterers of democracy , " he wrote , " precisely because we are friends and allies of democracy . "
As a kind of remedy , Strauss was engaged in trying to synthesize the worlds of the ancient and the modern .
But how ?
What , he asked , were the ancients saying ?
What was said about justice in Plato or faith in Maimonides ?
The answers are more difficult to discern than it seems .
Strauss argued that premodern philosophers , like Plato or Maimonides , who worried about persecution , presented their ideas in costumed form , cloaking dangerous truths so that they could be discerned only by " trustworthy and intelligent readers . "
Could anything seem less democratic ?
Here was Strauss , saying that the knowledge of the ancients was essential to the future development of democracy , that contemporary understandings of warfare and politics would be seriously limited without that philosophical perspective and that an elite was required to interpret that perspective .
Moreover , the ancients ' immutable truths , when finally discerned , had nothing to do with democratic consensus and culture ; indeed , they often could seem incompatible with them .
The self - righteous fury unleashed against Leo Strauss is partly because of the sense that he sinned against one of the most sacred doctrines of democratic culture : egalitarianism .
But in the end Strauss 's message does get through .
What the ancients remind us is that humanity is not infinitely perfectible , that the ideal world is not ruled by reason alone , that cultural and historical variation does not mean that anything goes , that notions of egalitarianism do not guarantee virtue .
These views can sound almost trite , reduced to such propositions .
But consider , then , how few societies in the past have explored such far - reaching conclusions , how few have also been able to live by them , and how much opposition such views have spurred .
Idiot users ?
Nope .
Just unfair expectations .
February 2 , 2007
Mr. Angry over at Angry 365 Days a Year wrote a post titled Idiot users and how to deal with them .
I think he starts off in a good way but I ’d like to add a few comments to his overall message .
Whenever you encounter an “ idiot ” user , think about this .
What if you were asked to drive a forklift ?
What if you were asked to replace the spark plugs in your car ( are there even spark plugs in a car ) ?
What if you were asked to field strip a M - 16 ?
I had an experience as a kid that sticks with me to this day .
I was staying with a great uncle of mine and was hanging out downstairs .
He had a fireplace and at some point the fire died down to basically nothing .
I did n’t even notice it – I was probably playing with legos or something .
Anyway , at one point he comes downstairs and exclaims “ You let the fire go out !?
Boy how you been raised ? ”
I ’d never started a fire in my life much less understood that it was expected that I should keep it going in someone else ’s house .
But from his point of view I was stupid for not realizing what was a basic , fundamental part of life .
Me on the other hand , I was upset that his opinion of me was now colored by what was really an unfair expectation / assumption on his part .
The point is , there are plenty of things we do n’t know .
And it ’s not because we ’re stupid , it ’s just because we have n’t been exposed to them .
Or maybe we ’ve been exposed to them at a very superficial level , but we do n’t interact with them with enough regularity to be comfortable .
This is how many “ idiot ” users are with computers .
It ’s not that they ’re stupid , they just are n’t as comfortable with computers .
And it ’s more than just knowing enough about browsers to know that “ Google ” is n’t the “ Internet ” ( it ’s just the page that shows up by default Dad ) .
It ’s a very fundamental difference in language .
Have you ever used the term GUI to a non-technical user ?
While they ’re sitting there politely nodding their head they ’re thinking “ uh , why did this guy just refer to his program as having a rich GOOEY AJAX ( when did cleaning products enter into the picture ) driven interface ? ”
And how about the term “ interface ” ?
To us , this is a no - brainer .
It ’s so common that everyone should understand it .
But you know what , when you look at the definition for the word interface , our version is number 6 on the list .
So cut those “ idiot ” users some slack .
Try and remember that they are probably very far out of their element and their comfort zone .
Try and remember what it feels like to be out of your comfort zone and having someone judge you based on their standards – not yours .
Try and remember that while they might not get computers , they are probably extremely good at something you suck at .
Edited 2/4/07 – added Mr. Angry ’s name and link .
This image shows one of the first ground sightings of noctilucent clouds in the 2007 season over Budapest , Hungary on June 15 , 2007 .
A new NASA satellite has recorded the first detailed images from space of a mysterious type of cloud called “ night - shining ” or “ noctilucent . "
The clouds are on the move , brightening and creeping out of polar regions , and researchers do n't know why .
" It is clear that these clouds are changing , a sign that a part of our atmosphere is changing and we do not understand how , why or what it means , " said atmospheric scientists James Russell III of Hampton University in Hampton , Virginia .
" These observations suggest a connection with global change in the lower atmosphere and could represent an early warning that our Earth environment is being changed . "
The " Aeronomy of Ice in the Mesosphere ” ( AIM ) satellite first imaged the noctilucent clouds May 25 .
People on the ground began seeing them June 6 over Northern Europe .
The clouds form 50 miles above the Earth ’s surface , in an upper layer of the atmosphere called the mesosphere .
The puffs of water vapor and crystals appear during summer months above the Northern Hemisphere 's pole as well the Southern Hemisphere ’s pole in summer .
AIM will record two complete cloud seasons over both regions , effectively documenting an entire life cycle of the shiny clouds for the first time .
Researchers hope to figure out why noctilucent clouds form and how they might be related to global climate change .
Motorbike Across the Canning
When we were at the Three Ways Roadhouse in the Gulf of Carpenteria having a feed last September , I ran into a bloke who rode a motorbike along the full length of the Canning - and the only reason that he survived , was because he had a rule that he would n't go to sleep until he had a wee .
I noticed him ride in on a battered bike .
We got to talking , and after a bit , David told me how he and his mate Ken had ridden their bikes along the Canning Stock Route ( CSR ) .
I was pretty surprised , because the CSR is hard going .
It runs some 2,000 kilometres between the top right hand corner of Western Australia , and the lower left hand corner .
David Rooney ( on a 600 cc XT Yamaha Te - ne - re ) and Ken Evans ( on a Honda XR 500 ) started at Halls Creek , and headed south along the CSR to Meekatharra .
It took them two weeks .
They were well prepared .
They timed it so that their trip centred around the full Moon in October , 1987 , so that if things got bad , they could drive out at night to either the east or the west .
The drove in two shifts - from 3 AM to 11 AM , and from 4 PM to 6 PM .
In the middle of the day , they rested .
Each bike had 25 litres of petrol in the tank , and carried two 20 litre jerry cans as well .
They used 60 of their precious 65 litres getting to Well 35 .
They had arranged for a 200 litre fuel drop at Well 35 , but had to leave 80 litres behind .
They did n't carry an RFDS radio - there 's not a lot of room on a motorbike .
The cops at Halls Creek did n't want to know about them , anyway .
They each carried a total of 20 litres of water , in various containers .
It was n't a lot of water , but they filled up at the three or so wells that they passed each day .
But they were drinking 25 litres per day .
Riding a motor bike in sand is like jogging , because you 're standing up all the time , so you work hard and get thirsty .
They ate Army rations ( one Day Pack each day , $ 25 each ) because they were nutritionally well balanced , and because they were not dehydrated .
If they ran low on water , they did n't want to use it to hydrate food .
They wore compasses on their arms , and mounted strip maps of the CSR on the handle bars .
And their lives were saved because of the rule that they had invented while riding across the Simpson Desert .
They 'd noticed that even though sometimes they were actually quite thirsty , they did n't drink enough water .
And so they made up a rule that they could n't go to sleep , unless they had urinated .
Your body will let you urinate , only if you are well hydrated .
It turned out to be a pretty rough trip .
It was 43 º at Alice Springs , and it had to be hotter than that in the Gibson Desert .
It was so hot that the valves in the engine stuck .
Early on , on the third and fourth days , they got injured .
Ken hit a termite mound with his right foot .
When a four - wheel drive vehicle travels the CSR , it follows the wheel tracks , and only a few centimetres or so of mudguard actually projects outside the wheels .
But on a motorbike , a lot of the motorbike and your feet project out on either side of the wheels .
Ken took his shoe off that night , but his foot swelled up overnight , so he could hardly get his shoe back on the next morning .
So he left his right shoe on for the rest of his trip .
The next day , David broke three toes on his right foot , and he left his right shoe on for the next week .
A few days later , at the 11 AM stop , they arrived at an empty well .
They had each drunk 15 litres of water , and had only 5 litres left .
They did n't stop , and pushed onto the next well which was quite close , only about 20 km away .
They soon began to experience heat exhaustion .
David described it as the feeling you get when you drink five rums really quickly .
He was breathing very fast , felt dizzy , and was so uncoordinated that he kept on falling over .
But because they were so irrational from the dehydration caused by the heat exhaustion , they just kept on riding and falling over , and riding and falling over , getting more injuries with each fall , and laughing hilariously at the fun of it all .
They arrived at the next well ( which had water ) around midday .
'' We decided we deserved a rest after that , so we did n't do the evening run ' ' .
So they lay down and rested , and drank .
'' When you 're buggered , you do n't feel like drinking , but you know you have to ' ' .
They had a rule , so they kept on drinking water .
Gradually their heads became clearer , and they realised what terrible shape they were in , and how close they had been to death .
But they still had n't urinated so they kept on drinking .
And finally after sundown , around 8 PM , 8 hours after they had started resting and drinking , they finally urinated , so they went to sleep .
When they woke up the next morning , they realised how dehydrated and delirious they had been .
If they had n't drunk water until they had urinated , they could have easily died .
They might have woken up the next morning still delirious ( and not known it ) , and ridden and fallen and laughed until they died .
Or they might have dehydrated even more during the night , and not have woken up in the morning .
When I was talking to David up at the Three Ways Roadhouse , at first I could n't understand his rule of not going to bed until he urinated .
But when I thought about it , I realised that it probably saved his life .
David still rides motorbikes .
But Ken Evans sold his motorbike after their trip , and has taken up rowing instead .
Copyright © Karl S. Kruszelnicki
Teachers and other workers are being urged to take a lunch break
The survey for the Trades Union Congress says teachers do an average of 11 hours of unpaid work a week
The University College Union said if this extra work was paid for , it would equate to nearly £ 10,000 extra in teachers ' and lecturers ' yearly pay .
This was nearly an hour more than the second biggest group - senior officers in police , fire and armed services .
The survey comes as the TUC is urging staff to take a stand for one day by taking a proper lunch break or going home on time .
We cannot build a world class education sector on the exploitation of staff
Sally Hunt
UCU joint general secretary
It also suggests that managers take the opportunity to say thank you to their staff by buying them a coffee or a cocktail .
Sally Hunt UCU joint general secretary said : " It will come as little surprise that education professionals are working extra hours to get the job done .
" Rising class and seminar sizes , increased bureaucracy and ever greater pressure to compete make a mockery of the work life balance for many . "
' Hours down '
She added that work was increasingly impacting on the family life of lecturers .
" An after work coffee or cocktail would be a nice gesture , but what we really need is a recognition by universities and colleges that we cannot build a world class education sector on the exploitation of staff . "
The director of human resources policy at the employers ' organisation the CBI , Susan Anderson , said : " It is not in anyone 's interest to routinely work very long hours although , as the TUC has previously recognised , it can be necessary for staff at times to work longer than normal . "
She added : " What the TUC has not pointed out is that the percentage of people working more than an extra hour a week last year fell to its lowest level for more than 15 years and the total number doing so is 4.78 million , down 440,000 since 2003 . "
Many thanks to William Sigmund for the HTML conversion !
George Lucas is set to make a " huge " announcement today , with rumours suggesting the director will announce plans for a new Star Wars film .
The news comes as celebrations begin around the world to mark the 30th anniversary of the first film .
Internet rumours suggest Lucas plans to make a new Star Wars movie set before the recent prequels .
Countdown 's # 1 story on tonight 's special 9/11 edition was some of Keith Olbermann 's best work to date .
In this clip , he runs down the astonishing and outrageous list of Bush administration lackeys who , instead of being demoted or fired for their failures surrounding the September 11th attacks and the subsequent invasion and occupation of Iraq , were promoted and awarded medals for those failures .
Keith ends the segment with the two main figures who haunt the memory of 9/11 -- George Bush and Osama bin Laden .
Download Download
Transcripts below the fold ...
To this day , millions of Americans believe we invaded Iraq because of 9/11 .
33 percent still believe there was some interconnection between Saddam Hussein and the nightmares here and in Washington and in Pennsylvania .
Iraq , of course , had nothing to do with 9/11 .
Then .
Six years later , that has changed .
Iraq has distracted us from punishing those responsible for 9/11 .
If another 9/11 comes , our focus on Iraq will surely have been central to that nightmare .
How did we get here ?
What consequences have been paid by those who brought us here ?
In our number one story tonight , no one person is to blame .
And only some of those who are , recognize it .
As we reported yesterday , former Secretary of State Colin Powell tells G - Q magazine he is " sorry " he gave the world wrong information when he told the U - N of the threat Iraq supposedly posed .
He was not fired for doing so .
He paid no price we know of , other than the admitted " blot " on his record , and whatever toll his conscience exacted .
Unrepetant , however , is former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , also talking to G-Q ;
Saying he does not lose sleep over the war ... declining to apologize for it ... despite pushing for it ... despite using 9/11 -- the day after 9/11 - - for his own benefit , to pursue his goal of bombing Iraq .
Rumsfeld , not fired for his performance , but for politics ... now in private life ... reportedly trying to see how much he must tell , to make for a profitable tell - all .
Rumsfeld was served , and the nation ill - served , by a flock of Pentagon hawks , bent on war , seeing 9/11 not as an obligation to answer , . but an opportunity to exploit .
Deputy Secretary Paul Wolfowitz who also tied Iraq to 9/11 , who ridiculed warnings we needed more troops to invade Iraq - - not fired -- named head of the World Bank , until resigning in disgrace .
Defense Policy Board Chairman Richard Perle -- not fired -- forced to retire not for pushing the war , but for allegedly profiting off it .
Undersecretary Doug Feith , who cherry - picked anti-Iraq intel -- not fired -- despite a Pentagon report later refuting Feith 's claim that Iraq and al Qaeda were in league .
And as you go higher in the administration , your reward for being wrong on the war grows proportionately .
Deputy National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley -- responsible for the 16 - word lie about Iraqi pursuit of yellowcake from Niger -- not fired -- promoted to National Security Advisor .
His boss , Condoleezza Rice , who threatened us with mushroom clouds -- not fired -- promoted to America 's chief diplomat : Secretary of State .
CIA Director George Tenet , who called the case for war a " slam dunk " -- not fired -- given the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
And within the president 's circle of advisors , marketing the war :
Andy Card and Dan Bartlett -- neither fired .
Card retired , Bartlett promoted , then retired .
Karen Hughes -- not fired -- promoted , stunningly , to the task of winning hearts and minds in the Muslim world .
But let us go higher still .
Vice President Dick Cheney , creator of his cherry - picking intel apparatus , gave its poisoned fruit to the media and then fed the lie to us on national television -- even after truth , and shame , rendered its mendaciousness , manifest .
He continues to do so to this day .
Not fired .
Cheney 's aide , Lewis Libby , came closest of all to suffering genuine consequences .
Convicted of covering up Mr. Cheney 's role in sliming critics of the war , his consequences nullified at the last minute .
When the president commuted his prison sentence -- ensuring that no one in his circle , least of all him -- paid any price for selling us the lie of Iraq ; for failing to punish the bombing of the U - S - S Cole ; for neglecting the warnings pre-9/11 ; .
for turning back at Tora Bora ; for ultimately ensuring that while the rest of the world suffers painful , deadly consequences for his actions , only he does not .
Only he and one other .
Osama bin Laden , the mastermind of 9/11 , his reach , and recruiting , all benefiting from Mr. Bush 's war , his group 's strength today at a six - year high .
His Afghan allies , the Taliban , as NBC reported tonight , also resurgent , planning the death of Americans , just 25 miles from Kabul .
All while bin Laden himself operates freely , unmolested , with his own media operation , thanks to a regional Pakistani truce endorsed by Mr. Bush in a region where Mr. Bush will not go -- cannot go even if he chose to .
Because he has spent so much American blood and treasure , in the desert of a nation that had neither means nor motive to threaten us , but that tempted Mr. Bush and those around him who wished to transform the Middle East , so much so that he forswore the vow he made , standing here , literally atop New York 's dead ... that their killers would hear us soon .
Six years later , we still hear them , because now , finally , Iraq and 9/11 really are connected -- by him .
And we suffer the consequences .
I saw an announcement today that CodePlex , Microsoft ’s version of Sourceforge , has released a source control client .
From the release :
A common theme we ’ve heard from our users is the desire to be able to work offline ( in the “ edit - merge - commit ” style ) when working on their CodePlex projects .
Six months ago , we started working to write such a client that would integrate with our existing TFS server infrastructure , and today we ’ve released our first beta of the client .
The CodePlex Client is a command line client for Windows , and requires .
NET 2.0 .
This infuriates me .
This cool thing they spent six months ( six ! ) writing is called Subversion , and it had a 1.0.0 release three years ago .
Subversion had its first beta in late 2003 , so the Codeplex folks are waaay behind the state of the art on this one .
As a whole , I think the state of software is abysmal .
The only way to make it better is to stop writing new code .
New code is always full of bugs , and its an expensive path to get from blank screen to stable program .
We need to treat programming more like math , we need to build on our results .
Development tools is a special market , as our needs are all very similar , and when we need a tool , we have the skills to make it .
The Codeplex staff stated they needed to write their own client in order to integrate with the TFS server infrastructure .
According to an msdn article ( Get All Your Devs In A Row With Visual Studio 2005 Team System ) , TFS seems to be a complicated tool to help manage your developers .
Reading the description , TFS seems to be an issue tracker , unit tester , continuous integration , source control system , and visual studio plugin .
So , basically a combination of Trac , NUnit , CruiseControl .
NET , Subversion , and a visual studio plugin .
Why not just write the visual studio plugin , and hook into the tools people are already using ?
All those tools have rich plugin - architectures that would probably support any sensible addition you ’d want to make .
This problem is ingrained at Microsoft , which feels the need to brand everything , but it is in no way limited to them .
A search on Sourceforge for “ issue tracker ” gives 585 results .
Sifting through those to pick a winner is difficult .
It ’s more fun to write new code than read old code , but this fun wears off .
After a certain initial momentum creating your new tool , you will inevitably come to a realization “ this is going to take me for - fucking - ever ” .
Unless your itch is particularly strong , you ’ll probably quit , and the world will be cursed with a 586th buggy issue tracker .
By writing a plugin , you can ride the new - code high usually from start to finish , since its a much smaller task .
Reading code seems more difficult , but I think that ’s largely perception .
Its just another puzzle to solve .
Once you get over the idea that reading code is more difficult , it ’s really not that bad .
For most mature projects , it ’s probably easier for you to read through someone else ’s mound of debugged code than it is to write and debug your own mud-ball .
I think we need find and evolve extensible tools , and stop trying to write them over again .
We can get the custom behavior we all need by writing and debugging plugins , which are going to be orders of magnitude faster and cheaper than writing the whole system from scratch .
I see this happening already , with communities forming around different tools to share plugins .
Next time you need a development tool , do n’t open a new code file .
Do us all a favor , open up a browser , and just re-use previous results .
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Internet searches for bomb - making instructions should be blocked across the European Union , the bloc ’s top security official said on Monday .
Internet providers should also prevent access to any site giving instructions on how to make a bomb , EU Justice and Security Commissioner Franco Frattini said in an interview .
“ I do intend to carry out a clear exploring exercise with the private sector ... on how it is possible to use technology to prevent people from using or searching dangerous words like bomb , kill , genocide or terrorism , ” Frattini told Reuters .
The EU executive is to make this proposal to member states early in November as part of a raft of anti-terrorism proposals .
These include the screening of private data of passengers flying into the 27 - nation bloc and the creation of an early warning system to alert police forces to thefts of explosives .
Representatives of the Internet industry are meeting the EU on Tuesday , the sixth anniversary of al Qaeda ’s September 11 attacks on the United States , at a European Security Research and Innovation Forum .
The Internet has taken on huge importance for militant groups , enabling them to share know - how and spread propaganda to a mass audience , as well as to link cell members .
MORE COOPERATION
Asked whether a plan to block searches for bomb instructions or for the word ‘ terrorism ’ on Web search engines could infringe on the rights to expression and information , Frattini said in the phone interview :
“ Frankly speaking , instructing people to make a bomb has nothing to do with the freedom of expression , or the freedom of informing people .
“ The right balance , in my view , is to give priority to the protection of absolute rights and , first of all , right to life . ”
Frattini said there would be no bar on opinion , analysis or historical information but operational instructions useful to terrorists should be blocked .
He said European legislation would spell out the principles of blocking access to bomb instructions .
The details would be worked out by each EU country .
Disconnecting a
Web site immediately was currently possible only in a minority of EU states including Italy , Frattini said .
After German police arrested three men suspected of a major bomb plot last week , politicians called for greater powers to monitor computers .
Germany ’s top appeals court has ruled the clandestine monitoring of computers by police is illegal .
“ The level of the threat ( in the EU ) remains very high , ” Frattini said .
“ That ’s why I am making appeals and appeals for stronger and closer cooperation . ” ( additional reporting by David Brunnstrom )
greencycles
Greencycles.blogspot.com is currently off - line , and will remain so through the completion of federal court proceedings alleging violations of civil rights and excessive use of force at Minneapolis International Airport .
This week 's cartoon : Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere ( a quote from Albert Einstein ) .
Hint : you can click on the cartoon to enlarge it .
The Gaza crisis and the failure of Palestinian nationalism
the editorial board
20 June 2007
The formation of a new government by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and the declaration of a state of emergency , after a week of civil warfare in Gaza between Fatah and Hamas ended in the military victory of the Islamist movement , have consolidated the de facto political division between the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
The government that has been formed by presidential decree is under the direct tutelage of the United States and Israel and will be led by their agents , Abbas and his prime minister , Salam Fayyad , a former World Bank and International Monetary Fund official .
The first step is the establishment of a client regime under Abbas , charged initially with rooting out Hamas ’s political influence in the West Bank — beginning with the rounding up and imprisonment of its leading personnel .
Fatah gunmen have stormed Hamas - controlled institutions in Ramallah and Nablus .
Abbas has issued a series of presidential decrees outlawing Hamas ’s armed wing , the Izaddin Kassam , and its paramilitary Executive Force .
The US , Israel and the European Union have already indicated that they will provide financial backing to Abbas and lift the international sanctions for the West Bank .
However , the trade and military blockade of Gaza , where a million and a half Palestinians face desperate poverty and food shortages , will worsen .
These moves are only a precursor to a political , economic and military campaign targeting Gaza .
Gaza ’s borders have been sealed off by Israel and Egypt , and Israel is threatening to halt fuel supplies .
On Tuesday , Israeli tanks moved into Gaza for the first time since fighting between Fatah and Hamas first erupted .
The tanks moved through the Erez ( Beit Hanoun ) crossing , where some 500 fleeing Fatah supporters have been trapped for five days .
An Israeli army bulldozer knocked down concrete barriers and there was an exchange of fire .
Israeli sources said that the tanks would be in Gaza only for a “ limited time . ”
But Britain ’s Sunday Times reported that Israel is planning a major attack within a matter of weeks .
The Times cited senior Israeli military sources detailing an offensive involving 20,000 troops that will seek to destroy “ much of Hamas ’s military capability in days , ” probably “ triggered by Hamas rocket attacks against Israel or a resumption of suicide bombings . ”
Israel ’s defence minister , Labour ’s Ehud Barak , is said to have demanded detailed plans to deploy two armoured divisions and an infantry division , accompanied by assault drones and F - 16 jets .
A source close to Barak said , “ The question is not if , but how and when ” an attack will be mounted .
More ominous still are the constant references in the media to a “ clash of civilisations , ” linking support for Israeli efforts to crush Hamas with demands for military action against Iran .
Hamas came to power in elections in January 2006 , primarily as a result of widespread disaffection with the corruption and cronyism of Fatah , which was seen by many as the representative of a handful of multimillionaires and a local policeman for the US and Israel .
The Western powers refused to recognise the result of a democratic ballot and imposed sanctions with the aim of bringing down the government and installing one fully controlled by Abbas .
The calculations of Israel and the US always depended on forcing Fatah and Abbas ’s substantial security forces to take on Hamas .
Where they miscalculated was in their underestimation of the degree of popular animosity in Gaza towards Fatah and their overestimation of its fighting capacity .
Hamas benefits from the political opposition to Fatah ’s attempts to reconcile the Palestinians to the Bush administration ’s Road Map and a settlement with terms dictated by Israel — including the permanent annexation of much of the West Bank and the repudiation of the right of return for Palestinian émigrés .
But Hamas offers no viable alternative for the Palestinian people .
Its perspective , with its espousal of religious fundamentalism , is essentially a more extreme form of nationalism .
It articulates the interests of sections of the Arab bourgeoisie and not that of the workers and peasants .
Its advocacy of religious fanaticism , unrestrained anti-Semitism and terrorist attacks is opposed by vast numbers of Palestinians who have few illusions in Fatah .
And it is deeply repugnant to the hundreds of thousands of Israeli workers desirous of peace with their Arab neighbours .
Indeed , it is impossible to conceive of policies better designed to prevent any possibility of a politically unified struggle between Jewish and Arab workers .
Moreover , despite its rhetoric and sporadic armed actions , Hamas does not seriously oppose the imperialist - dictated state system in the Middle East and is looking for its own deal with both the US and Israel .
These developments have brought a definitive end to the promise contained in the 1993 Oslo Accords for the eventual creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel — the so - called “ two - state solution ” signed up to by Fatah under Yasser Arafat .
Palestinians now speak with bitterness of a “ three - state solution . ”
More fundamentally , the split between Gaza and the West Bank represents the final shipwreck of the nationalist perspective upon which the struggle of the Palestinians against Israeli usurpation and repression has been based .
There is an immensely tragic dimension to the fratricidal conflict among the Palestinians , who have struggled for six decades against expulsion and military occupation .
But the collapse of the Palestinian national project will inevitably encourage Palestinian workers and youth , as well as their Israeli counterparts , to look for a way out of the cycle of oppression , death and violence that have plagued the region since the establishment of Israel as a Jewish state .
It is imperative that the political lessons be drawn from the historic failure of Fatah and its transformation into a pliant tool of Washington .
At its heart , the debacle inflicted on the Palestinian masses is not the result of corruption , but flows from the impossibility of securing their democratic rights and social aspirations on the basis of Fatah ’s bourgeois nationalist perspective .
The current impasse demonstrates the impossibility of securing the democratic rights and social needs of the Palestinian masses apart from a program to unite the Arab and Jewish working people in a common struggle for a socialist Middle East against the entire imperialist setup and all of the regimes that uphold it — the Arab bourgeois states as well as Israel .
Fatah came into the leadership of the Palestine Liberation Organisation representing the most radical of the various contending national movements .
It established a mass popular base amongst broad sections of the Palestinian people due to its determined advocacy of armed struggle against Israel .
But its perspective of establishing a secular , democratic Palestine could never provide the basis for the unification of Jewish and Arab workers that is required for the overthrow of Israel as a Zionist state .
Such a fundamental political struggle must of necessity be based on the perspective of socialist revolution , setting as its goal the liberation of not only the Palestinians and the Jews , but all the peoples of the Middle East from both imperialist and class oppression .
The Israeli bourgeoisie is only one local agent through which imperialism has exercised its domination over the Middle East .
There are as well the various Arab states that enforce their own despotic rule over the masses .
But Fatah and the PLO as a whole could not mount an independent political mobilisation of the working class and peasantry against the Jewish and Arab bourgeoisie .
Although it contained disparate social elements and a large working class and peasant cadre , Fatah was ultimately dominated by and became the political representative of the Palestinian bourgeoisie in exile .
Despite the glorification of the “ armed struggle ” by a host of radical tendencies , the PLO ’s military campaign , including its resort to terror , was mounted with the aim of arriving at negotiated settlement with imperialism that would secure a place for the Palestinian bourgeoisie within the imperialist - dominated system of states in the Middle East .
Fatah ’s opposition to imperialism was always conditional on preventing the development of any movement in the working class that would threaten the dominance of capital .
To this end , the PLO insisted on its position as the “ sole legitimate representative of the Palestinian people ” and the principle that the national struggle excluded all other conflicts amongst Palestinians .
Its charter insisted that it would “ cooperate with all Arab states , ” would “ adopt a neutral policy among them ” and “ not interfere in the internal affairs of any state . ”
The PLO ’s refusal to challenge the Arab ruling elite made impossible the development of a class - based anti-imperialist movement cutting across all national , ethnic and religious divisions — above all between Jews and Arabs .
Instead , for all the heroism and self - sacrifice demonstrated by Arafat and his closest allies , Fatah was reduced to a policy of constantly manoeuvring for the support of the various Arab regimes to place the “ Palestinian question ” at the centre of their territorial conflicts with Israel .
Bitter historical experience was to demonstrate that the subjugation of the Palestinian people was maintained in large measure thanks to the Arab bourgeoisie .
On a world scale , its nationalist perspective made the PLO dependent on the manoeuvres between the Soviet Stalinist bureaucracy and US imperialism to determine who would dominate the oil - rich Middle East .
Ultimately , the ability of the Arab states to challenge Israel depended either on military backing from the Soviet Union or their ability to place pressure on the US based on the threat of growing Soviet influence .
The 1973 Yom Kippur War proved to be a turning point in Middle Eastern and world politics — and therefore in the political fortunes of the Palestinian national movement .
After initial military successes by Egypt and Syria , the US moved decisively to prevent the defeat of Israel .
For its part , in order to preserve the “ balance - of - power ” in the Middle East and internationally , the Soviet Union came in behind Washington in insisting on a ceasefire that was to leave Tel Aviv in control of the territories it had occupied following the 1967 Six Day War ( the West Bank and Gaza ) .
Egypt ’s President Anwar Sadat concluded that the defence of Israel was now the cornerstone of US policy in the Middle East and direct conflict with Israel could no longer be seriously contemplated .
He pioneered the recognition of Israel with the signing of the Camp David Accords in 1978 and the Egypt - Israel Peace Treaty in 1979 .
Egypt was denounced by various Arab powers for doing so , but aside from the conflict with Syria over control of Lebanon , after 1973 Israel never again faced a serious challenge by the Arab states .
Instead , Iraq , Libya , Syria and Saudi Arabia confined themselves to noisily opposing recognition of Israel , organising opposition tendencies within the PLO such as the Rejectionist Front ( against initial moves by the PLO towards advancing a “ two - state solution ” ) .
This posturing was in flagrant contrast to the complicity of the Arab regimes with Israel ’s persecution of the Palestinians , and direct attacks they made against the PLO , including the 1970 “ Black September ” massacre of Palestinians by Jordan and Syria ’s complicity in the Lebanese Falangist slaughter of Palestinians at the Karantina and Tel al Zaatar camps in 1975 .
In 1982 , when Israel , backed by the US , invaded Lebanon in order to expel the PLO , the Syrian bourgeois regime did nothing and the PLO was forced into exile in Tunis and left defenceless .
The price paid by the Palestinian refugees for this treachery was the massacres at Sabra and Shatilla .
It was the turn by the Stalinist bureaucracy towards capitalist restoration and the subsequent liquidation of the Soviet Union that brought a definitive end to any possibility of the PLO standing out against agreement with Israel .
Against the background of the Intifada — the spontaneous uprising of Palestinian workers and youth in the Occupied Territories due to the appalling conditions they faced — Arafat made a last desperate gamble : a bid to secure support from Washington itself in securing an agreement with Israel .
The Clinton administration responded by forcing Arafat to sign up to a 1998 statement guaranteeing the security of Israel , accepting that a peace settlement with Israel was a “ strategy and not an interim tactic , ” and renouncing all forms of terrorism .
When asked at a press conference to declare his acceptance of Israel , Arafat famously asked , “ What do you want ?
Do you want me to do a striptease ? ”
Arafat ’s acceptance of US dictates paved the way for the establishment of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) by the Oslo Accords of 1993 — signed by Abbas and witnessed by Arafat .
It created an entity entirely dependent on Israel , charged with policing the Palestinian masses but leaving Israel in sole charge of foreign policy , defence , protection of Israeli settlements , and control of borders and crossings into Israel .
The PA was characterised by unbridled cronyism , as the Palestinian bourgeoisie sought to enrich itself — in particular , by monopolising international loans and aid — amidst the appalling poverty and degradation suffered by the workers and peasants .
Ever more stringent demands were placed on the PA to end any and all opposition to Israel , which , combined with the resentment generated by official corruption , created a political vacuum that Hamas was able to fill .
Abbas emerged as the favoured representative of the US and Israel , which worked to marginalise the more radical elements within Fatah .
This centred on a vicious campaign to denigrate and isolate Arafat because of his refusal to suppress his own people and sign up to the ever more stringent conditions for final acceptance of a nominal Palestinian state , including the abandonment of the right of return and any claim to East Jerusalem .
When a second Intifada erupted in September 2000 , Abbas called for it to end and was duly backed by Israel and the US in his bid to become prime minister in 2003 .
In contrast , amidst repeated military incursions by Israel , Arafat was kept imprisoned in his government compound until his death , under still unexplained circumstances , in November 2004 .
Abbas succeeded him as president in January 2005 .
His period in office has culminated in a civil war and the imposition of a virtual one - man dictatorship on the West Bank .
The Palestinian tragedy is at the same time central to the unfolding tragedy for the Israeli working class .
The perspective of nationalism has proved to be no less disastrous for the Jews than it has for their Arab counterparts .
The Israeli ruling elite is utterly bankrupt , having no perspective other than ever more reckless and incendiary military provocations .
The creation of Israel through the expulsion of the Palestinians was a crime that has determined its entire subsequent history and evolution .
Viewed with enmity by its neighbours , it has developed as a state founded on discrimination against non-Jews and responsible for decades of brutality within the Occupied Territories and Lebanon .
Economically unviable , it functions to this day as a garrison state , a military bastion of the US , dominated politically by right - wing and ultra-religious tendencies deeply hostile to the social and political interests of the working class .
Only the perspective of socialist internationalism can provide a way forward out of the historic impasse facing the masses in the Middle East .
The working class must unite behind it the rural poor in a common struggle against imperialism and its bourgeois agents within the Arab and Israeli elites .
A United Socialist States of the Middle East , as a component part of the struggle for world socialism , must become the essential programmatic goal of the working class , through which Arabs , Jews and all the other ethnic and religious groups can live in harmony and share the benefits of the region ’s rich resources .
It is to this perspective that the International Committee of the Fourth International is dedicated .
THE costliest place in the world to get high is Japan , according to the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime 's annual World Drug Report .
The street price of a gram of cannabis weed was $ 58.30 in 2005 , over twice as much as in the next most expensive nation , Australia .
Americans pay nearly twice as much as Canadians .
Similar disparities occur in Europe .
Although the Netherlands is the only Western country where cannabis can be bought legally , punters pay more there than in Germany or France .
Prices are cheapest in developing countries , where enforcement is less strict .
AP
Conquering the Drawbacks of Democracy President George W. Bush is the 43rd President of the United States .
He was sworn in for a second term on January 20 , 2005 after being chosen by the majority of citizens in America to be president .
Yet in 2007 he is generally despised , with many citizens of Western civilization expressing contempt for his person and his policies , sentiments which now abound on the Internet .
This rage at President Bush is an inevitable result of the system of government demanded by the people , which is Democracy .
The inadequacy of Democracy , rule by the majority , is undeniable — for it demands adopting ideas because they are popular , rather than because they are wise .
This means that any man chosen to act as an agent of the people is placed in an invidious position : if he commits folly because it is popular , then he will be held responsible for the inevitable result .
If he refuses to commit folly , then he will be detested by most citizens because he is frustrating their demands .
When faced with the possible threat that the Iraqis might be amassing terrible weapons that could be used to slay millions of citizens of Western Civilization , President Bush took the only action prudence demanded and the electorate allowed : he conquered Iraq with an army .
This dangerous and expensive act did destroy the Iraqi regime , but left an American army without any clear purpose in a hostile country and subject to attack .
If the Army merely returns to its home , then the threat it ended would simply return .
The wisest course would have been for President Bush to use his nuclear weapons to slaughter Iraqis until they complied with his demands , or until they were all dead .
Then there would be little risk or expense and no American army would be left exposed .
But if he did this , his cowardly electorate would have instantly ended his term of office , if not his freedom or his life .
The simple truth that modern weapons now mean a nation must practice genocide or commit suicide .
Israel provides the perfect example .
If the Israelis do not raze Iran , the Iranians will fulfill their boast and wipe Israel off the face of the earth .
Yet Israel is not popular , and so is denied permission to defend itself .
In the same vein , President Bush cannot do what is necessary for the survival of Americans .
He can not use the nation ’s powerful weapons .
All he can do is try and discover a result that will be popular with Americans .
As there appears to be no sensible result of the invasion of Iraq that will be popular with his countrymen other than retreat , President Bush is reviled ; he has become another victim of Democracy .
By elevating popular fancy over truth , Democracy is clearly an enemy of not just truth , but duty and justice , which makes it the worst form of government .
President Bush must overcome not just the situation in Iraq , but democratic government .
However , President Bush has a valuable historical example that he could choose to follow .
When the ancient Roman general Julius Caesar was struggling to conquer ancient Gaul , he not only had to defeat the Gauls , but he also had to defeat his political enemies in Rome who would destroy him the moment his tenure as consul ( president ) ended .
Caesar pacified
Gaul by mass slaughter ; he then used his successful army to crush all political opposition at home and establish himself as permanent ruler of ancient Rome .
This brilliant action not only ended the personal threat to Caesar , but ended the civil chaos that was threatening anarchy in ancient Rome “ “ thus marking the start of the ancient Roman Empire that gave peace and prosperity to the known world .
If President Bush copied Julius Caesar by ordering his army to empty Iraq of Arabs and repopulate the country with Americans , he would achieve immediate results : popularity with his military ; enrichment of America by converting an Arabian Iraq into an American Iraq ( therefore turning it from a liability to an asset ) ; and boost American prestiege while terrifying American enemies .
He could then follow Caesar ’s example and use his newfound popularity with the military to wield military power to become the first permanent president of America , and end the civil chaos caused by the continually squabbling Congress and the out - of - control Supreme Court .
President Bush can fail in his duty to himself , his country , and his God , by becoming “ ex- president ” 
Bush or he can become “ President - for - Life ” Bush : the conqueror of Iraq , who brings sense to the Congress and sanity to the Supreme Court .
Then who would be able to stop Bush from emulating Augustus Caesar and becoming ruler of the world ?
For only an America united under one ruler has the power to save humanity from the threat of a new Dark Age wrought by terrorists armed with nuclear weapons .
FamilySecurityMatters.org Contributing Editor Philip Atkinson is the British born founder of ourcivilisation.com and author of A Study of Our Decline .
He is a philosopher specializing in issues concerning the preservation of Western civilization .
Mr. Atkinson receives mail at [ email protected ]
Note —
The opinions expressed in this column are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the opinions , views , and / or philosophy of The Family Security Foundation , Inc .
Judiciary spokesman Alireza Jamshidi said the stoning was carried out near the town of Takestan , in the northwestern province of Qazvin .
The Stop Stoning Forever campaign in Iran earlier said Jafar Keyiani's execution occurred on July 5 .
The execution was condemned by several prominent rights defenders , including Iranian Nobel Peace Prize winner Shirin Ebadi .
" I 'm very regretful that the stoning sentence was carried out because this sentence is not in line with Iran 's international commitment and also [ the head of Iran 's judiciary ] has issued several rulings that stoning sentences should not be carried out , " Ebadi told Radio Farda .
United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Louise Arbour also condemned the stoning , and urged Tehran to spare the victim 's partner -- who reportedly was jailed at the same time 11 years ago -- the same fate .
Under Iranian law , adultery is still punishable by stoning , although the judiciary issued a directive suspending the practice in 2002 .
( with AFP , dpa , IRNA , ISNA )
Giles Bowkett is a pretty smart guy , but in his recent post , " Languages Only Do So Much , " things run off the rails a bit ( no pun intended , for you Ruby fans ) .
I 'm going to pass over his trainwreck of a religious metaphor pretty quickly , except to point out that it 's awfully improbable to count the argument that virtually all cultures have a belief system that obeys highly similar principles as a warrant for believing in atheism , a belief system that stands in stark contrast to all of them .
Surely it would be more plausible to count it as justification for some sort of religious unificationism .
But like I said , let 's set that one aside .
The real problem with this post is the notion that if you develop a personal style , you should write more or less the same code in any language .
Should good programmers really write more or less the same code in Haskell , Smalltalk , and C ?
That seems awfully silly to me .
They 're good at vastly different things , so if you 're going to write the same code in all of these , you might as well pick whichever language supports your idiom the best , and run with it .
I 'd like to offer a counterproposal : learning and choosing languages is part of developing a personal style .
Now , if you 're picking between Python and Ruby -- or Java and C# -- the languages may be close enough that you can develop a style that works for either one and switch freely based on the requirements of a particular project .
But some languages are very intentionally different .
There 's no particular reason to write a web server using the same idiom you use for shell scripting .
In fact , I think it 's pretty silly to stick with exactly the same idiom in both places , because you 're doing very different things .
Depending on what your languages of choice are , it 's perfectly natural to choose different languages and idioms for these different tasks .
Some of the different things you might need to do in a programming career include systems programing , shell scripting , web servers , web clients ( i.e. JavaScript ) , desktop clients , application servers , scripting for extensible applications , problems that decompose most cleanly using objects , problems that decompose most cleanly using functional programming , and perhaps problems that decompose most cleanly using procedural programming .
Certainly not every programmer will need to do all of these things , but most people will need to do a number of them .
It 's unlikely that a single language ( and likewise , a single idiom ) will be an ideal tool for every problem area you face .
In fact , I 'll go further : trying to use a single language for everything is almost always a terrible idea .
Perl started life as a brilliant scripting language , but now it 's limping along as a somewhat broken general - purpose programming language .
Java tried to be the One True Programming Language , and developed a framework so large that no one who wants to retain their sanity will try to learn all of it , and there is now vast interest in new JVM languages -- Jython , Groovy , Scala , JRuby -- that will cleanly interoperate with all the legacy Java code but are less painful to use .
So here 's what I think : by all means , develop your own personal style .
All good programmers will do this .
But part of your style should be choosing the best tool for the job .
If you write shell scripts , figure out what language and idiom are most effective for what you like to write , and run with it .
If you write web applications , use whatever suits your style there , as well .
Depending on what languages you choose , these may or may not be the same language .
If you like Python or Ruby you may like them for both , whereas if C# is your language of choice for web applications , you will probably pick a different language for shell scripting .
Powershell , perhaps .
Even if you do use , say , Ruby for both , it is likely that you will use a somewhat different style for shell scripting than you use for Rails applications .
If OCaml is your language of choice , you may well choose it for both object - oriented design and designing functional code .
If you prefer Haskell , then either you will need to pick a different language for OO , or simply choose not to use the OO idiom at all .
If you write Java , you may want to mix Scala into your code to alow you to use functional programming .
Likewise , F# offers similar opportunities for .
Net .
Some of the other languages for JVM and CLR offer additional choices for occasions where dynamic typing may be more efficient than static typing .
My point overall is that for many -- perhaps most -- programmers , a suite of languages that fit together well for you may be a more effective choice than a single language .
And even if you find that a single language works for you , it will pay to learn a variety of appropriate idioms for different tasks .
Languages matter , and imposing any one idiom on a variety of them is rarely the ideal .
Labels : languages , programming
Hypothyroidism and Anxiety : What ’s the Connection ?
Hypothyroidism is commonly associated with depression , but symptoms can include anxiety , as well .
And anxiety can make hypothyroidism harder to treat .
Learn how hypothyroidism and anxiety are connected and what you can do to relieve anxiety .
The astronomical costs of dental care takes it right off the radar of most Americans .
Thankfully , I believe John Edwards has a dental and mental health component in his healthcare reform proposal .
All the other Democratic candidates must also include dental and mental health benefits in their healthcare proposals .
But before going any further , I 'd like to acquaint you with the dental benefits available to federal employees and our elected officials
And , I 'll state again , as always , federal employees deserve these benefits .
I am only questioning why elected officials are deemed worthy of dental care while so many Americans , myself included , go without .
But going back to the rest of us -- the American people , what do we do about our oral health ?
And why has the for - profit insurance industry stripped our heads from our bodies .
The health consequence of bad teeth are not insignificant .
Is this bad enough ?
About five years ago , I had what is commonly known as a tooth abscess .
It was the worst pain I have ever encountered .
It cost me many thousands of dollars to get it fixed .
I had to have a root canal and something called a crown installed .
I think , at the end of the day , I spent somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 3000 - 4000.00 to be relieved of this ghastly pain and restored to health .
Why did n't my very expensive private , for - profit insurance cover this horrific healthcare nightmare ?
Because I did n't have dental insurance at the time , and I still do n't .
Here 's the story of another American who was unable to afford dental care in San Diego .
So he went to Mexico .
Heading overseas and South of the border has become the healthcare reality for millions of Americans .
Because the American healthcare system has collapsed , U.S. citizens are going to Canada and Mexico for affordable healthcare and affordable medication .
The idea of seeking healthcare solutions in Third World countries due to our own broken safety net now includes nursing homes for America 's elderly in India .
A word to the wise .
Getting your teeth repaired in Tijuana , is going to become a little more difficult starting January 1st , according to the urgent warning posted on the web site of the Baja Oral Center .
Starting January 1st , the U.S. government will require citizens to have a passport to cross the border .
Try obtaining one of those passports the stupid State Department is having a hard time issuing in a timely fashion .
Since the State Department is incapable of processing passport applications , crossing the border to attend to a dental emergency could become much more difficult going forward , so here are some home dental care remedies .
And finally , in an editorial entitled , Healing Our Sicko Health Care System , a great American institution , The New England Journal of Medicine hurls darts and arrows into our broken system .
Like many people , I ’ve tried hard to forget my days in junior high school .
That was an unpleasant time in my life for all the usual reasons , and thankfully most of it is now a dim blur .
But a few pleasant moments do stand out in my memory .
One of those was a report I did for my ninth - grade science class .
For reasons I no longer recall , the topic I chose was Pascal ’s Law , and I must have prepared well for that 10 - minute presentation , because I could probably stand up and give pretty much the same talk today , even though I never went on to study any more about it .
Pascal ’s
Law describes the behavior of fluids in a closed system , and says , to oversimplify somewhat , that the pressure the fluids exert is always the same throughout the system .
This is the principle that enables hydraulic presses to work — a small amount of force applied to a piston pushing down on fluid can exert much more force on a larger connected piston , making it sort of like a liquid lever .
The same effect has applications in everything from scuba diving to ventilation systems and dam construction .
Pascal , Meet Fisher
Although that little snippet of knowledge has stayed with me all this time , that marked the extent of what I knew about fluid mechanics until I wrote an article here about Space Pens .
These pens , legendary for being able to write underwater , in zero gravity , in a vacuum , or in just about any other situation , use a special thixotropic ink , a substance that ’s normally in a gel state but which turns into a liquid when it ’s agitated — that is , when the ball rolls against it .
It ’s liquid just long enough to flow onto the paper , and then it turns semisolid again .
( As spiffy as that is , some Space Pen ink turns out to have surprising problems , which you can read about in Space Pens vs. Purple Ink on my blog . )
Back in 2006 , some very cool videos started making the rounds : people doing stunts with something called “ non-Newtonian fluids . ”
If you ’re not an engineer , that may not sound very intriguing , until you look at guys running across the surface of a vat filled with a solution of cornstarch and water , but sinking into it when they stand still .
That ’s a real eye - opener .
( Mythbusters also did a segment on this phenomenon . )
Or some other guys taking a handful of the same liquid goop and slapping it into solid balls , which then turn back into liquid as soon as the agitation stops .
These are just a couple of the many wacky properties exhibited by non-Newtonian fluids — substances that change their viscosity in reaction to stress .
( See YouTube for a long list of videos featuring non-Newtonian fluid experiments . )
And sure enough , the ink from my Space Pen is in the same category .
Non-Newtonian fluids range from the exotic to the mundane .
You ’ve probably made a cornstarch - and - water mixture lots of times in your own kitchen , and if you made enough of it , you too could walk across its surface .
Assuming the proportion of starch to water is right , the solution gets suddenly thick and firm when force is applied to it , as you may have noticed when trying to stir it when preparing a sauce .
Stir more slowly , and it flows more easily .
Going with the Flow
But not all non-Newtonian fluids behave this way .
Some of them get runnier when under stress , such as Space Pen ink and paints that adhere to a brush when at rest but glide on easily when the brush is applied to a surface .
Also in the thixotropic category as well as in your kitchen : ketchup and honey .
There are still other varieties , too , which have different patterns of changing viscosity .
Such varied substances as quicksand , Silly Putty , blood , dough , and gelatin fall under the broad non-Newtonian heading .
By contrast , Newtonian fluids , or what most people think of as normal fluids , are those ( like water ) whose viscosity is determined only by temperature and pressure .
Sure , water will get plenty firm if the temperature is reduced enough , but no amount of force can make liquid water behave like a solid .
The moral of the story ?
If you ’re stuck in a non-Newtonian fluid — or junior high school — the trick is to remain calm .
The more you struggle , the harder it gets .
Note :
This is an updated version of an article that originally appeared on Interesting Thing of the Day on February 28 , 2007 .
Usually , when a leak is made by the warez scene , it 's usually material created by someone else - a movie , music , games or software .
This time the leak is of their own material .
A huge pre database of 2.6 million entries has become available on the internet , containing information on warez scene releases dating back to 1980 .
An .NFO file ( information file ) is a small text file included with warez releases on the internet .
They can be viewed with applications such as Windows Wordpad or a dedicated viewer such as DAMN NFO Viewer .
These files usually include a lot of information about the particular release and on occasion , directions on how to remove copy protections , sometimes with included registration serial numbers .
These text files are the semi-public face of available Scene release information , presented in a friendly format .
Although .NFO files are widely available to the public via sites such as NfoDB , VCDQuality and Nforce ( who all have sizeable databases ) it ’s almost unheard of that an almost complete database of Scene release information should become available for enthusiasts to download , which is what has happened , says the Czech iNFO.w4 Club .
According to the .NFO included with the release , the MySQL database covers the period
01/01/1980 to 07/07/2007 and comprises information on some 2.6 million Scene releases .
Included with the release is a script for anyone wishing to maintain and update the database by adding new entries .
Nearly 1.4 million releases have files and size information included but there are claims that some of the release times may be inaccurate .
It ’s being suggested that the database was ‘ stolen ’ round 12 months ago but there is conflict over the method by which this happened .
The person who copied the database suggests that he managed it because the administrator used a really weak password but the admin is insisting that the guy is a hacker and employed some sort of exploit to access it .
Although the copy of the database was taken 12 months ago , it seems the last 12 months have been added using the included script .
For those enthusiasts willing to undertake a 50 mb + transfer , the database can be downloaded here .
Thanks to MaE for the translation
Robert Cottage admitted a charge of possessing explosives
Robert Cottage , 49 , of Talbot Street , in Colne , Lancashire , had pleaded guilty to possessing the chemicals .
Police found the stockpile at his home , which he had been hoarding in anticipation of a civil war .
Cottage was cleared after two trials at Manchester Crown Court of conspiracy to cause explosions .
He has already served more than 10 months in jail and is likely to be free within six months .
' Potentially dangerous '
His barrister , Alistair Webster QC , said his client accepted he had bought the chemicals but said they would only be used to create " thunder flash " style bangers to scare off intruders .
Sentencing Cottage , Mrs Justice Swift said Cottage 's actions had been " criminal and potentially dangerous " .
She added there was a low risk of him committing further offences .
" I am satisfied it was Cottage 's views on how he put it ' the evils of uncontrolled immigration ' would lead to civil war which would be imminent and inevitable .
" I accept the intention was to hold these chemicals until the outbreak of civil unrest .
That was a criminal and potentially dangerous act .
" In letting off any such thunder flash mistakenly believing you were under threat you may have caused injury to some innocent person . "
Robert Cottage failed to be elected as a BNP candidate in three local elections .
A second man , dentist David Jackson , 62 , was also charged with conspiracy to cause explosions but was cleared after the jury twice failed to reach verdicts .
Last updated at 13:38 21 September 2007
Amsterdam is set to lose a large chunk of its red light district , after the forced sale of a third of the buildings currently used for prostitution .
With its scantily - clad prostitutes posing in brothel windows and coffee shops oozing the pungent aroma of cannabis smoke , the red light district 's seediness has always been part of its attraction .
But the district is a magnet for petty criminals and , authorities believe , human traffickers , drug lords and mobsters - who take advantage of the situation to launder money .
scroll down for more
The move is part of Mayor Job Cohen 's efforts to counter that crime .
" What we do want is to get rid of the underlying criminality , " said Cohen .
He insisted however that he did n't want to get rid of prostitution entirely , since it is part of the area 's history and a major tourist draw for the city .
It is understood that the buildings could be turned into luxury apartments and tasteful shopping malls .
The NV Stadsgoed housing corporation has purchased 18 buildings with 51 windows , that have traditionally house window prostitutes in Amsterdam 's famed red light district , for 25 million Euros .
That is around a third of the windows in the red light district , though there are other prostitution zones in the city .
NV Stadsgoed will redevelop some or all of the buildings , and because they are not likely to be worth as much as housing or regular commercial real estate , the city has agreed to reimburse the corporation by up to 15 million Euros .
Amsterdam has been conducting a crackdown on crime in the city centre for nearly five years , using a 2002 law that forces business operators to disclose detailed accounting in order to have their licenses renewed .
The seller in deal , " Fat " Charlie Geerts , was ordered by the city last year to close the windows because the city said he failed to meet standards .
scroll down for more
But he filed a legal protest and Amsterdam 's District Court granted an injunction against closures while he fought the decision .
Prostitution is legal in the Netherlands , and coffee shops are licensed to sell small amounts of
marijuana .
Prostitutes ' rights organizations have generally been indifferent to the crackdown , arguing that pimps are the main source of problems , not landlords .
I 've recently been struggling with a number of racing sims I bought to use after work hours in our new racing cockpit .
I 'm a big believer in supporting developers .
I 'm a developer myself .
But digging around for CDs or DVDs is impractical for dedicated gaming rigs , so I install no -cd patches when I can .
Unfortunately , finding no-cd patches is getting harder and harder because of a relatively new copy protection known as StarForce .
It 's a kernel - mode device driver that talks directly to the IDE hardware to validate the CD or DVD .
Beyond that , the technical details are sketchy , probably to prevent crackers from gaining the upper hand .
But the net result is that no-cd patches for games with the latest StarForce protection are rare .
For example , Splinter Cell : Chaos
Theory , which was released early last year , has no known working no -cd patch as of today -- almost a year later .
That 's amazing .
There are legions of hackers and crackers out there .
Fending them off for this long is completely unprecedented .
For as long as there has been software , there have been crackers -- and they 've always won .
My hat is off to the developers of StarForce .
However you feel about copy protection , they 've accomplished what many thought could never be done .
Now , before you spam the comments with diatribes about how much StarForce sucks , how it kills small children and formats your hard drive , etcetera , take the time to read their point of view in this interview with a StarForce rep .
It has their side of the story , and many additional details .
I 'll also add that I played , completed , and sold Splinter Cell Chaos
Theory earlier this year without once knowing that I was playing a StarForce protected game .
Now , this is not to say that StarForce can't be circumvented .
It can .
The primary method of circumventing StarForce at the moment is to stop using parallel ATA optical drives :
physically unplug your optical drives * use a special utility to completely disable parallel ATA on your PC ( that 's assuming you 're using serial ATA hard drives ) switch to external USB optical drives
It 's kind of a scorched earth solution , but it 's the only thing that works .
And once you 've done that , you 're still not done !
The very , very latest versions of StarForce monitor hard drive access at the time of disc validation to see if that " DVD " you mounted is really being read from the hard drive .
So you have to load an additional device driver that hides the physical drive access from StarForce .
All in all , a giant pain in the ass .
Which is entirely the point of copy protection .
But is StarForce too much copy protection ?
Chris Anderson maintains that there is an optimal level of piracy for any industry , due to the following effects :
Remember dongles ?
Any protection technology that is really difficult to crack is probably too cumbersome to be accepted by consumers .
Piracy can let you raise your prices .
Rather than pricing between the absolute economic bottom and the top , you cede the bottom to piracy -- no price can compete with free -- and set your price between the middle and the top .
Piracy helps seed technology markets .
The ubiquity of pirated Windows and Office have made them de-facto national standards in many countries .
Chris proposes that a certain level of piracy is simply good business :
When all these effects are considered , it appears that there actually is an optimal level of piracy .
That right level would vary from industry to industry .
Today the estimated piracy rates are 33 % for CDs and 15 % for DVDs .
The industries say that 's too high , but most anti-copying technologies they 've brought in to lower that figure have proven unpopular .
Would even tighter lock - downs help ?
Probably not .
Maybe 15%-30 % is simply the market saying that this is the optimal rate of piracy for those industries , and any effort to lower that significantly would either choke demand or push even more people to the dark side .
I tend to agree .
I think DVDs are an excellent example of this " good enough " theory in action .
They have a basic level of copy protection , but they 're priced so reasonably very few people bother to pirate them .
The people that continue to pirate DVDs probably would n't buy them no matter how low they were priced .
* no , disabling them in the BIOS does n't work .
StarForce talks directly to the ATA hardware at the kernel level .
NAIROBI , Kenya , Sept. 11 — United Nations officials reported an outbreak of Ebola virus in central Congo today and were rushing supplies and doctors into the region to contain the outbreak .
But they said they did not know if Ebola was the cause of a mystery illness that has killed more than 100 people in the same area .
According to Gregory Hartl , a spokesman for the World Health Organization , five samples taken from sick people in the area have tested positive for Ebola , but another disease may be involved because other patients have been responding to antibiotic medicine , which would not work on a virus like Ebola .
“ It would n’t be surprising if something else was going on , ” Mr. Hartl said .
“ But because Ebola is involved , we have to be on high alert . ”
Ebola is fast - acting and highly contagious , and is one of the deadliest diseases on the planet , killing more than half the people who become infected .
In severe cases , victims hemorrhage all over their body and bleed from their orifices before dying .
The White House suffered the setback when a roadside bomb killed Abdul - Sattar Abu Risha and two of his bodyguards near the tribal leader 's home in Ramadi , Anbar 's provincial capital .
Abu Risha was killed 10 days after meeting Mr Bush during his surprise visit to Iraq .
He led the Anbar Salvation Council , an alliance of clans that turned against al - Qaida and went over to the Iraqi government and the US military .
US officials have described the rift between Sunni tribes and al - Qaida in Anbar province , in western Iraq , as one of the most significant developments of the war .
From 2003 until last year , Anbar was the heartland of the Sunni Arab insurgency and the most dangerous part of Iraq .
Al - Qaida once controlled large swathes of the province , but angered local tribal leaders with its indiscriminate killing of civilians and harsh interpretation of Islam .
Pentagon officials said the assassination would be a huge blow to US efforts in Iraq because it would send a message to others cooperating with US - led forces or thinking about cooperating against al - Qaida .
During a visit to the al - Asad air base this month , Mr Bush hailed Abu Risha and others " who have made a decision to reject violence and murder in return for moderation and peace " .
The latest setback to the US military effort came just hours before Mr Bush was due to make hs latest appeal for patience to the US public .
In a 15 - minute speech , he is expected to ask the American public for more time for his strategy to work and cite the threat from Iran as a reason for a heavy US troop presence in Iraq .
While pointing to what he sees as progress on security , he will insist that any troop reductions will depend on continued improvement .
Underscoring the importance of Mr Bush 's televised address , the White House said it had gone through more than 20 drafts .
Without the votes to push for a timetable for withdrawal , congressional Democrats are expected to focus on efforts to change the emphasis of the US military in Iraq from combat to training .
However , they appear resigned to the fact that Mr Bush will keep a large number of troops in Iraq for the rest of his presidency .
Mr Bush 's speech comes after two days of congressional testimony from Genreal David Petraeus , the top US commander in Iraq , and the ambassador , Ryan Crocker .
Gen Petraeus recommended a withdrawal of 30,000 troops by next summer , bringing troop numbers back to 130,000 - the same level as before the " surge " began in February .
Mr Bush is expected to accept that recommendation while maintaining a hard line on Iran .
Gen Petraeus said a further decision on troop levels would have to wait until next March .
A US general today accused Shia militants backed by Iran of executing a deadly rocket attack on a US military headquarters in Iraq .
One person was killed and a dozen injured in the incident , which happened when a 240 mm rocket hit Camp Victory , a sprawling base near Baghdad international airport , two days ago .
The US claims such rockets are supplied to Shia extremists by Tehran .
Major General Kevin Bergner said the rocket was launched from the Rasheed district of west Baghdad , which he said had been infiltrated by the Mahdi army militia of the radical cleric Moqtada al - Sadr .
" The attack used a 240 mm rocket , which is a weapon that these groups have received from Iranian sources in the past and recently used in other attacks against coalition forces , " Gen Bergner told a news conference in Baghdad .
As part of its campaign against Iran , the US is starting a drive for a third round of sanctions against the country .
Iran has emerged as an increasingly important rationale for the US to maintain a significant presence in Iraq .
Mr Crocker told the Washington Post that Iran now had a " fairly aggressive strategy " on the ground in the country .
He said Tehran 's increased support of extremist militias contributed to the near unravelling of Iraq last year , adding that it was now trying to create a force like Hizbullah , the Iranian - backed Shia force in Lebanon , to advance its long - term interests in Iraq .
In a briefing at the National Press Club in Washington , Gen Petraeus said arms supplies from Iran , including 240 mm rockets and explosive devices , " contributed to a sophistication of attacks that would by no means be possible without Iranian support ... the evidence is very , very clear " .
LiveJournal has just announced integration with Jabber , the open IM protocol .
This means you can log in to Jabber - based IM clients using your LiveJournal username and password , and livejournal.com as the server .
iChat , Gaim , Trillian Pro and Adium X are currently supported .
The Jabber client is sychronized with your LJ friends list - adding a friend on Livejournal will automatically add them to your Jabber buddy list ( just like Tagworld Chat ) .
The integration also works the other way : if you add a buddy who 's also a LiveJournal user , you 'll have the option to add them to your friends list next time you log in .
Additionally , you 'll soon be able to post from Jabber to your LiveJournal blog using a chat bot .
But be warned that this is a very early release : when you connect , you 'll see the message , " LJ Talk is currently a pre-alpha service lacking tons of features and probably with a bunch of bugs .
We 're actively developing it , constantly restarting it with new stuff . "
LiveJournal , which is essentially Friendster crossed with blogging , is one of the web 's biggest communities .
The site currently has 10.6 million users - 1.2 million of those have made updates in the last 30 days .
The majority of users are aged 15 - 23 , and most are female .
This is an enormous user base that might not be familiar with Jabber - this move could be a big boon to the project .
[ via Niall Kennedy , more at the LJ dev blog ]
The Eco lodge Costa Rica Samara is surrounded by palm trees and flowers you will find here a peaceful vacation in a true oasis of comfort .
We offer your comfortable apartments , rooms , a big diversity of breakfasts .
On top of those first - class dinners , a refreshing swimming pool , a cocktail bar .
Welcoming with an abundance of information is waiting for you .
read on …
The weather today from Costa Rica Sámara , Guanacaste
Current weather from Samara , Guanacaste Summer , palm trees , sunshine , what could be better ?
On February 11 , 2020 , the thermometer climbs up to 33° during the day and does not sink below a cosy 24° in the evening and at night .
The palm trees sway in a light breeze from the east - northeast , at about 13 km /h .
The low tide sets in today at 9:46 and 22:14 , while the high tide comes at 3:32 and 15:56 .
¡ Hasta la próxima !
Rainy season – travel season ?
The so - called rainy season here on Costa Rica runs from May to October .
Basically we can tell you , please do n’t let it deter you .
Days of continuous rain are really a rarity and very often a welcome cooling down .
The humidity here with us on the Pacific side is 65 % ( Caribbean side 87 % ) .
Whether and which weather is ideal for you really depends on your planned activities .
The Naturidyll Hotel Paraiso del Cocodrilo is happy to help you with all your planning .
Only the road condition is a challenge on special days .
This afternoon we have started a little shopping tour to Samara – here you will find the best organic food shop far and wide .
The drive was characterized by many ups and downs .
See for yourself :
But a vacation on Costa Rica that should not go according to plan and be an adventure and stay .
Relax at Playa Buena Vista , neath ecolodge Costa Rica Samara
Garbage handeling at Ecohotel Samara
Garbage is an important topic , also in the area of Samara , Costa Rica .
Fortunately , these days the municipality of Nicoya came with a big garbage truck and took care of it .
The centralized garbage dump for locals , eco hotels and the sea turtle protection camp is located near beach Buena vista .
However , only god might know where the garbage goes .
Internship at our hotel ?
Always we are looking for a trainee for service and marketing .
You`re interested ?
Just contact us , very easy and relaxed .
We would be happy to hear from you !
Read more information Internship and job in tourism in loverly Costa Rica Samara .
Internship infos in Deutsch
Email : internship Costa Rica
Travelblog Costa Rica
Congressman Young Champions Alaska Provisions in Farm Bill
The U.S. House of Representatives voted on H.R. 2 , the Agriculture and Nutrition Act with two previously adopted amendments from Alaska Congressman Don Young .
The first amendment will exempt Alaska from the Clinton - era Roadless Rule and the second amendment will enhance Congressman Young ’s traditional foods provision that was included in the 2014 Farm Bill .
Click to see Congressman Young 's statement .
Alex Williamson
THE men and women of America 's 82nd Airborne Division , whose battle honours include the D - Day landings of the second world war , like to call themselves the nation 's “ 911 ” emergency service — ready to parachute in , at a moment 's notice , to any troublespot in the world .
When Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990 , the 82nd Airborne was the first to deploy in Saudi Arabia to hold the line .
And when George Bush announced his surge of forces into Baghdad last January , the “ All - Americans ” were the first reinforcements .
These days , though , the 82nd Airborne is no longer America 's quick - response service .
Its sprawling base at Fort Bragg , North Carolina has emptied out , with all four of its brigades now fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan .
For the rest of the year at least , the high - readiness brigade is provided by the 101st Airborne Division .
Still , the All - Americans insist they can be counted on to “ fight and win ” in other places if needed .
One divisional command sergeant - major says the paratroopers can deploy from anywhere to anywhere and always take their parachutes , just in case .
A two - hour drive from Fort Bragg , at Camp Lejeune , home of the II Marine Expeditionary Force , officers say they too are operating “ with engines at full throttle ” .
They no longer have time to rehearse major assault operations , and their training for counter - insurgency is hampered by equipment shortages .
Indeed , about half the marines ' pre-positioned kit , stored on ships around the world and in vast Norwegian caves , has been drawn down to give front - line fighters what they need .
Such signs of strain on America 's military forces are like dead “ canaries in the mineshaft ” that warn of impending disaster , says Andrew Krepinevich , president of the Centre for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments , a defence think - tank .
In the sixth year of the “ war on terror ” deployments in war zones are ever longer , while “ dwell time ” at home to recover is shorter .
The army and marines say morale remains strong but , equally , they say the current tempo cannot go on indefinitely .
At some point either the resources must increase , or demands on the forces must be reduced .
Even before the surge was announced , Colin Powell , the former secretary of state and an ex-chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said that the active army was “ about broken ” .
The outgoing military chief , General Peter Pace , warned Congress earlier this year that America 's ability to deal with another crisis in the world was being eroded .
In a classified report , he said there was a “ significant ” risk that America would not be ready to respond properly to a series of possible military conflicts — from Korea to Taiwan , Cuba or Iran .
America could still beat any likely enemy , said the general , but its response would be slower and bloodier .
Infographics
America is the richest country and the most sophisticated high - tech military power in the world , and is spending more on defence in real terms than at any time since the end of the second world war .
Yet it is being exhausted by insurgents armed with AK - 47 assault rifles , rocket - propelled grenades and improvised bombs .
With strong pressure on President George Bush to withdraw from Iraq , jihadist militants scent a victory as momentous as the eviction of Soviet forces from Afghanistan in 1989 — a defeat that helped to dissolve the Soviet empire .
True , America has recovered from previous disasters , not least the Vietnam war .
But its military troubles come at a time when the global strategic balance appears to be tilting away from America .
Iran is filling the vacuum created in Iraq , and is accelerating its nuclear programme .
China 's military punch is growing along with its booming economy .
Russia is more belligerent .
The transatlantic relationship is loveless .
Across the world , anti-Americanism has increased to the point where the United States is often regarded as a threat to world peace rather than its guarantor .
Strategists wonder whether the Iraq war has damaged America so badly as to set it on a path to “ imperial decline ” .
Is the post -Soviet “ unipolar ” world , established after America 's first war against Saddam Hussein in 1991 , coming prematurely to an end as a result of the second war to topple him ?
For Richard Haass , president of the Council on Foreign Relations , a leading think - tank , “ the American era in the Middle East is over ” — and because of the importance of the Middle East , American global power has also been weakened , for years if not for decades .
Zbigniew Brzezinski , national security adviser to Jimmy Carter , blames all three post - cold - war presidents for wasting America 's moment of supremacy .
In his recent book , “ Second Chance ” , he praises George Bush senior for his handling of the collapse of Soviet communism with “ delicacy and skill ” but gives him only a B grade for failing to exploit the victory in Kuwait in 1991 to resolve the Arab - Israeli conflict .
He gives Bill Clinton a mediocre C for his vacillation .
George Bush junior gets an unforgiving F for his “ catastrophic leadership ” .
The most powerful image of America , says Mr Brzezinski , is no longer the Statue of Liberty but the prison camp at Guantánamo Bay .
Unless Mr Bush 's successor takes urgent steps to restore America 's political and moral standing , he says , “ the crisis of American superpower will become terminal ” , and the epoch of American dominance will be shortened .
It was a different George Bush who came to office in 2001 , declaring that America had to use its unequalled power judiciously .
“ If we 're an arrogant nation , they 'll resent us , ” he said during his campaign .
“ If we 're a humble nation , but strong , they 'll welcome us . ”
He accused Mr Clinton of squandering America 's power by getting bogged down in the Balkans .
Its military forces should be used for war - fighting , not nation - building .
His then foreign - policy adviser , Condoleezza Rice , declared : “ We do n't need to have the 82nd Airborne escorting kids to kindergarten . ”
Slimmer , not better
Under the “ transformation ” envisaged by Mr Bush 's defence secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , the army would be slimmed down and money invested in high - tech weapons , reconnaissance systems and data links .
Speed , stealth and accuracy would substitute for mass .
After the attacks of September 11th 2001 , a new political doctrine also crystallised : leadership would substitute for consensus .
America would free itself of the encumbrance of formal alliances and multilateral diplomacy .
Mr Rumsfeld lived by the dictum that “ the mission determines the coalition ” , not the other way around .
The swift removal of the Taliban in 2001 by a “ coalition of the willing ” , relying on special forces backed by air power , seemed to validate such concepts .
But in Iraq the light , mobile force that smashed its way to the centre of Baghdad was plainly inadequate for the task of garrisoning the country , securing the borders and arms dumps , confronting the insurgency and preventing the slide to sectarian war .
America 's decision to go to war without formal United Nations support left it with few friends when things went wrong .
Many will argue over the parallels between the failures in Iraq and Vietnam , but there is at least one connection .
For decades after the fall of Saigon , traumatised American commanders gave up the study of messy “ small wars ” to concentrate on fighting the decisive “ big war ” against the massed armies of the Soviet block .
Commanders assumed , wrongly , that forces trained to fight high - intensity battles could also handle low - intensity conflicts .
One cavalry officer , Lieut - Colonel Paul Yingling , has denounced the failure of America 's generals — in Iraq as in Vietnam — to prepare the army for counter - insurgency .
Calling , in the Armed Forces Journal , for Congress to hold the top brass to account , he wrote : “ As matters stand now , a private who loses a rifle suffers far greater consequences than a general who loses the war . ”
In fact , some changes have been made to adapt to the new face of warfare .
Army and marine training centres have been reconfigured .
Brigades now exercise in mock Iraqi villages , with thousands of actors playing civilians , Iraqi forces and insurgents .
Gone are old - style clashes of massed steel on steel , and some commanders now worry that they are losing the skills to fight big conventional wars .
The recent joint army and marines counter - insurgency manual says the central aim is not to destroy the enemy but to protect civilians .
Fighting insurgents involves “ armed social work ” , with key decisions often taken not by the general at headquarters , but by the corporal on the street .
In other words , the main task for the 82nd Airborne Division and other army units for the foreseeable future , pace Ms Rice , will be nation - building in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Above all , says the manual , counter - insurgency requires large quantities of two resources that America is short of : boots on the ground and time .
The Pentagon says America has the best - led , best - trained and best - equipped army ever fielded .
“ We are not a broken army , but we are working very hard , ” insists one senior officer .
“ If you ask a marathon runner how he feels after 19 miles , he will say he is tired .
That does not mean he is not in shape . ”
The trouble , though , is that America 's forces were designed for sprints , not marathons .
America has some 1.5 m men and women under arms , including nearly 700,000 in the army and marine corps .
But only a fraction can be deployed on a prolonged basis because some units are unsuitable for counter - insurgency , while deployed troops need to be rotated periodically to give them time to recover .
Infographics
The army reckons it needs at least two brigades at home to sustain one in a war zone .
That means the current total of about 50 army combat brigades and marine equivalents in the full - time forces should support about 17 in the field .
But with the surge of five extra brigades to Iraq , America currently has 25 such brigades deployed around the world .
The pressure is alleviated with part - time units from the National Guard and reserves ( currently about two combat brigades ) , but their use is increasingly unpopular at home .
These days American units get nothing like the recommended 2:1 ratio of dwell time to deployment .
Some army brigades currently get barely a year to rest and re-train after serving 15 months , a ratio of 0.8:1 .
By this measure , American ground forces get a fifth as much rest as their British counterparts — and British commanders say that anything less than two years at home for each six - month deployment ( a 4:1 ratio ) could “ break the army ” .
With some units now on their fourth deployment , an army medical survey in Iraq last month found higher levels of mental - health problems , including a 24 % level of post - traumatic stress disorder among those on multiple combat tours .
Less than half agreed that “ all non-combatants should be treated with respect ” and more than a third reckoned torture should sometimes be allowed .
Size matters
All this does not take into account America 's need to keep forces ready to deal with unexpected developments elsewhere .
A study by the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) in April calculated that if the surge in Iraq lasts until April next year ( the option floated by commanders in Iraq ) , only between three and 11 brigades would be available to deal with another crisis in the coming 18 months , depending on how much time units need to recover .
But American plans for a major war to , say , defend South Korea have in the past envisaged dispatching 20 or 21 brigades , notes the CBO .
With time , America could build up its forces for another campaign by sending or training lower - readiness units , mobilising reservists or , in extreme emergency , by reinstating the draft .
Clearly America needs a bigger army .
The new defence secretary , Robert Gates , has belatedly announced plans to expand ground forces by an extra 62,000 troops — nearly a tenth of the total — to bring the army up to 547,000 and the marines to 202,000 by 2012 .
This will not immediately ease the strain , as it will take years to prepare new units .
And even this rise may not be enough .
According to the CBO , the increase would still not sustain the current surge in Iraq without breaching the rotation guidelines .
Some want an even bigger expansion , perhaps as many as 200,000 more troops .
But can America find more soldiers ?
The army is already short of captains and majors , who take years to train .
And despite more generous bonuses , the quality of new recruits is starting to drop , with more in the lowest aptitude ranking , more high - school dropouts and more receiving waivers from disqualification ( for example , for using drugs or having a criminal record ) .
The age limit for recruitment has risen from 35 to 42 , while fitness levels are lower .
Some complain that training standards have also suffered , as the army adopts gentler means to get more recruits through boot camp .
But even though recruitment is difficult , particularly at a time of high employment , the army is growing steadily , from 482,000 in 2001 to about 507,000 today .
The army says it sees no need for some of the more radical proposals , such as a return of the draft or recruiting foreigners with the promise of American citizenship .
In the 1980s the army alone had 780,000 soldiers , all of them volunteers .
The army says the profile of its recruits remains above the average for the American population .
The number of soldiers re-enlisting — often during service in war zones — remains high .
Indeed , the striking thing about the army and marines is not their morale problems , but their resilience .
Even if the troops can be found , equipping them remains a problem .
The army says it entered the war on terror with $ 56 billion - worth of equipment shortages , and kit is being worn out or destroyed much faster than expected .
Everything from night - vision goggles to new body armour and armoured Humvees has to be shuffled around so that deployed units are fully kitted out , leaving those at home with even bigger gaps .
The shortages are especially acute in the National Guard , which has only about half the equipment it needs , and part of that is in Iraq .
State governors complain that their ability to deal with emergencies , such as tornadoes and hurricanes , is being compromised .
As matters stand , America can probably consider only limited and short - lived interventions , for instance to bring disaster relief .
Given time , it could crank itself up for a major crisis .
What seem out of the question for the foreseeable future are the medium - scale “ wars of choice ” .
For some time to come , the burden of projecting American power will fall even more heavily on the air force and navy .
This may be enough to deter hostile governments , but insurgents and militias might be less worried .
Air power alone cannot win a war .
For now , Iran looks pretty safe from the threat of an Iraq - style ground invasion .
Air bombardment may cause serious damage , but may not be enough to stop Iran 's nuclear programme or unseat its clerical regime .
America 's rivals
The dilemma for the Pentagon is how to improve its ability to fight today 's insurgencies while preparing for tomorrow 's conventional threats .
Russia , enriched by high oil prices , is becoming more authoritarian at home and aggressive abroad .
It still has a large arsenal of nuclear weapons .
But its conventional forces are badly rusted .
Large - scale exercises are a rarity for the conscript army , which in any case is heavily committed in Chechnya .
The fleet does not put to sea in big numbers .
Indeed , Russia 's real means of projecting power is not its armed forces , but its sale of cheap advanced weaponry to other countries .
India , though growing fast , seems more interested in a strategic partnership with America rather than rivalry .
China is the country that most worries the Pentagon .
America says it encourages the peaceful rise of China as a “ responsible stakeholder ” in the world .
But its communist rulers are investing heavily in a blue - water navy , which may one day include aircraft carriers , apparently to establish a defensive perimeter deep in the Pacific along a chain of islands that runs from Japan to Guam and Papua .
China is also modernising its nuclear arsenal .
For the moment the Chinese seem interested mainly in regional dominance , particularly keeping America at bay in any future conflict over Taiwan .
They are emphasising “ asymmetrical ” means designed to blunt America 's technological superiority : hoping to deny America the use of the seas with long - range anti-ship missiles and submarines , paralyse its highly computerised forces through cyber - warfare and neutralise spy and communications satellites .
In January , China tested an anti-satellite missile .
Its defence budget is thought to be expanding by around 12 % a year , though its real size is the subject of conjecture .
According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , China last year overtook Japan to become the world 's fourth - largest defence spender , after America , Britain and France .
Infographics
This military expansion is made possible by startling economic growth .
China 's GDP now surpasses that of Britain or France .
According to Goldman Sachs , China will overtake America around 2027 and become by far the world 's biggest economy by 2050 ( see chart 3 ) .
Even now , it is helping to prop up the weak American dollar by buying large chunks of American debt .
China is pushing America aside as the world 's biggest exporter , and last year it produced more cars than the United States .
Europe , too , poses challenges to America : London is vying to replace New York as the most important financial centre , and the euro has displaced the dollar as the main currency of the international bond market .
The force of good example
Important as “ hard ” military power and economic might may be , these factors are not all that has made America a superpower or even a “ hyperpower ” , as the French once put it .
The “ soft power ” of its open culture and liberal democracy has provided an attractive model and encouraged others to see the world America 's way .
It has allowed America to multiply its influence through an unrivalled network of alliances .
It is politically and diplomatically — and in terms of moral standing — that America has been most damaged .
For about two years after the invasion of Iraq , the Bush administration could still find evidence to claim that its muscular unilateral military action , however controversial , had made the world safer , encouraged democracy in the Middle East and enhanced American power .
The Taliban were gone ; al - Qaeda was on the run ; America had new military bases in Central Asia ; Saddam Hussein was captured and Iraqis voted freely .
Moreover , Libya gave up its weapons of mass destruction ; Palestinians elected the moderate Mahmoud Abbas after the death of Yasser Arafat ; Israel left Gaza ; and Syria withdrew from Lebanon .
Peaceful revolutions in Ukraine and Georgia brought new pro-Western leaders .
But as the situation in Iraq has worsened , many of these gains have been reversed .
Russia denounces America's “ diktat and imperialism ” , talks of a new arms race , threatens oil and gas supplies to neighbours regarded as unfriendly , and says it wants to overturn the Western - inspired economic order .
America is being rolled back from parts of Central Asia , while Ukraine is in turmoil .
In the Middle East , a defiant Iran is stoking the insurgency in Iraq ( and possibly also in Afghanistan ) .
Its Lebanese proxy , Hizbullah , survived Israel 's military onslaught last year with greater prestige .
The Taliban have stepped up their insurgency .
Above all , al - Qaeda has reconstituted itself , and exploits Muslim resentment over the “ war on terror ” to recruit new followers to its global jihad .
Mr Bush has changed his ways .
Instead of threatening to topple rogue regimes , his administration has re-opened a diplomatic dialogue of sorts with North Korea , Syria and , most recently , Iran .
America has rediscovered multilateralism , not least to keep a united front in imposing limited sanctions on Iran .
The “ forward strategy of freedom ” intended to democratise the Middle East has stalled , not least because elections have worsened sectarian tensions in Iraq and brought Hamas to power in the Palestinian territories .
“ Will America stay strong ?
Yes , ” says one senior marine .
“ But can it use its power ?
That 's a different question . ”
The dilemma for America is whether withdrawing from Iraq will restore America 's strength or signal greater weakness .
America 's top brass , for the most part , want more time to try to turn things around in Iraq and avoid another Vietnam .
Insurgencies take many years to defeat , they say , pointing to the British experience in Malaya .
They are right .
But a more apt parallel may now be Palestine , where the British gave up holding the ring between Arab and Jew and left them to it .
Still number one
Senior American officials console themselves with the thought that , whatever happens in Iraq , America will bounce back .
Before long , perhaps after Mr Bush has left the White House , those complaining about America 's overbearing power will come begging for its help .
Infographics
America still spends roughly as much on defence as the rest of the world put together ( see chart 2 ) , and remains the only country able to project military power globally .
Next year 's budget request for $ 623 billion ( “ a gargantuan sum ” , according to one Pentagon official ) represents 4 % of GDP , which is low by historical standards ( see chart 4 ) .
Military commanders often say that “ the nation is not at war ; the military is at war ” ; that is , the American public is not yet making real sacrifices .
Taxes remain low , while the casualties are moderate enough not to be greatly felt , particularly by the urban elite .
America has ample reserves to defend its global role and , Mr Krepinevich argues , potential rivals also have weaknesses .
European countries are rich , but for the most part they are unwilling to spend money on military power ; Russia 's production of oil and gas is declining , and its population is in a demographic death - spiral ; China may yet undergo internal upheavals that could disrupt its economy .
Robert Kagan , a prominent commentator , is confident that the American - dominated “ unipolar ” world will endure .
America has weathered worse disasters than Iraq , he says , not least soon after victory in the second world war , when the Soviet Union developed the hydrogen bomb and communists took power in China .
Certainly America faces stronger regional antagonists , but none is yet competing for global supremacy , whether alone or in concert .
If anything , many states want America 's help to “ balance ” a rising China and a growling Russia .
“ A superpower can lose a war — in Vietnam or in Iraq — without ceasing to be a superpower , ” says Mr Kagan , “ so long as the American public continues to support American predominance , and so long as potential challengers inspire more fear than sympathy among their neighbours . ”
Imagine creating amazing street art murals , graphics or graffiti tags anywhere you wanted and in a completely legal why .
Now imagine getting paid for it .
Well , one featured Web Urbanist street artist group does exactly that .
The urban artists of Symbolix selectively clean the uban environment , leaving behind slogans , words and images of major companies and product releases .
This group has managed to turn a street art hobby into a guerilla marketing campaign strategy .
( Check out our complete collection of 100 + Works of Creative and Geeky Art and Graffiti . )
The above murals are excellent examples , similar to those shown in the prior Web Urbanist post , of selective cleaning as urban street art .
They show the range of possibilities , from typical tags to complex social messages .
All of these are , of course , completely legal – reverse graffiti that boggles the authorities .
It is truly remarkable how the Stashpoint slogan stands out against the dirt and grime of the urban subway system .
It is easy to imagine how a company would recognize the value of such a guerilla marketing campaign : these images are far more compelling than a typical framed advertisement in public .
This Big Brother guerilla marketing campaign is similarly prominent .
In particular , in the left image , this branded image of an eye truly stands out from its surroundings .
In fact , at least in the photograph , the image seems to stand out more than the sign it is written on .
This campaign for Hype really demonstrates the variety of possibilities inherent in reverse street art guerilla marketing .
Simply by removing a layer of posters , for example , the letters clearly stand out in the left image – as if they were creatively drawn on .
On the right , the potentials of erasure on different media are revealed .
Together , even this simple repeated word takes on new life in relationship to various backdrops and settings .
Armed Madhouse : From Baghdad to New Orleans - Sordid Secrets & Strange Tales of a White House Gone Wild By Greg Palast
Book Review by Mark Groubert
At the age of 25 most people were finished .
A whole goddamned nation of assholes driving automobiles , eating , having babies , doing everything in the worst way possible , like voting for the presidential candidate who reminded them most of themselves .
Charles Bukowski
Greg Palast clearly hates George Bush and his mafia - like crime family .
But he ’s also not too fond of Al Gore , Hilary Clinton or John Kerry either .
Nor does he particularly like New Mexico governor Bill Richardson for that matter .
The former so - called “ forensic economist ” a kind of socialist Sam Spade who specialized in corporate fraud , is now on the trail of political shenanigans as a TV journalist for the BBC .
Armed Madhouse , which came out in 2006 , has been re-released in paperback with a new bonus chapter / afterward entitled Busted … and How to Steal Back Your Vote .
It is mandatory reading for anyone interested in how the Republicans are going to steal the next election in 2008 .
The Chicago Tribune said it is composed of , “ stories so relevant they threaten to alter history . ”
Powerful stuff .
Palast is also the author of The Best Democracy Money Can Buy , a New York Times bestseller and is a frequent guest on Air America Radio with Randi Rhodes and Robert Kennedy , Jr .
As a writer for the British newspaper The Observer the Los Angeles - born muckraker has written extensively about the war on terror .
In 2006 Palast himself was charged with violating anti-terror laws by the Department of Homeland Security for filming victims of Katrina caged in a trailer park near Exxon Petroleum ’s Baton Rouge refinery .
Apparently the DHS was more concerned with the filming of the oil refineries than the downtrodden refugees of Hurricane Katrina .
Charges were later dropped when Palast pointed out that anyone with Google can see complete aerial maps of the so - called “ critical infrastructure asset . ”
Palast believes Exxon finally called off the dogs .
Seems he has been nipping at the heels of the oil giant going back to the Exxon Valdez grounding , which Palast reported had less to do with a drunken sea captain and more to do with faulty navigation equipment and cost cutting .
Palast has more recently made his bones specializing in election fraud and the minutia of vote stealing .
With the upcoming ’08 presidential elections the bonus chapter / afterward is of enormous current interest .
During the past three elections , Palast ’s election stories have been effectively blocked by U.S. corporate media .
Despite being filmed by BBC Television his work rarely makes it even to PBS here in America .
With the Democrats regaining a mini-swagger in their political strut , Palast lays out the scenario for the Republicans stealing the upcoming presidential election .
In fact the longtime swagger of Bush and the smirk of Rove may be grounded in their total confidence in knowing how to steal presidential elections in perpetuity .
Palast lays out in detail just how they did it and more importantly , how they plan on doing it again .
Can the Democrats stop them is the only question at this point .
It ’s kind of like facing a football team with a massive offense and your team has a pretty good defense .
Can your team stop their offense - in both meanings of the word ?
In 2000 it was caging lists .
In 2004 , it was provisional ballots .
In 2008 it will be voter IDs .
Palast lays out the case about Florida scrubbing its rolls for ex-felons or anyone who had the same name as a felon or might have known a felon .
But there were other scrubbing going on .
The overall genius of the National Republican Party is to work with local state officials to eliminate as many ethnic voters , aka Democrats , as possible through a myriad of methods .
For instance , Florida absentee ballots were discarded in record numbers .
The ones that came from Republicans actually said so on the outside of the envelope .
Nice .
Election officials also used methods ; such as zip code , race reporting and name recognition to achieve the same goal .
Concerning provisional ballots in 2004 , Palast explains how the Republican - controlled Congress , confronted by Jesse Jackson and the Congressional Black Caucus , signed deceptive bipartisan legislation for access to so - called provisional ballots .
The one thing carefully omitted was that it was n’t required by law to actually count those ballots .
No accident .
Other methods included leaving the oldest machines in poor neighborhoods and reducing their numbers over all to create 7 - hour wait times and thereby crippling the election process .
Secretary of State Blackwell did everything he could to reduce the number of ethnic / student / urban voters including challenging the weight of paper used for voter registration forms .
All intentional .
All incrementally effective .
Anti-conspiracy theorists in the media kept demanding a ‘ smoking gun ’ .
There is no smoking gun – just thousands of spent rounds of ammunition .
It is not two sided by the way .
Republican operatives covered the landscape with various illicit techniques from phone slamming , to hidden party switching petitions that in some cases said they were for marijuana reform on the “ cover ” sheet .
Regarding black box voting .
Palast insists that while touch screen voting is a real threat , it is really a McGuffin that will not do as much damage as feared .
It is the total overall ballot and registration dumping that caused Democrats to lose two elections they actually won with ease .
Now the new boogieman is the voter ID card needed to vote in battleground states .
For Democrats , a nightmare in the making .
Only 20 % of Americans have passports .
Not everyone has a driver ’s license .
And many do not have birth certificates .
In many states , the phony threat of voter fraud has permitted legislation for this new method of voter elimination to be ratified .
The drama will be played out on Election Day 2008 , a little over a year away .
Brilliant .
And that is why they are still smirking .
Check the government ’s official numbers in Ohio for the 2004 presidential election :
Spoiled ballots 103,660
Provisional uncounted 33,998
Absentee uncounted 15,519
Ghost & blocked votes 85,950
Total Uncounted 239,127
Bush ‘ victory ’ margin 118,599
Through careful statistical analysis , Palast demonstrates how inner city Blacks , Latinos , Native Americans , Jews and students were successfully targeted and eliminated by Republican election operatives .
All of the above were overwhelmingly Democratic voters .
Palast Prediction :
The next battleground will be Nevada in 2008 .
Palast suggests Democrats flood the zone with poll workers .
He also recommends NEVER voting by absentee or provisional ballot .
Also to vote early , weeks before if possible .
Do not wait until Election Day .
It may be too late .
This is not a fair fight .
It is not a level playing field .
We may have the numbers but they have the illicit methods and control numerous state political machines .
We may be naïve , laid back and incompetent .
But they are organized , devious and Machiavellian .
Please do not suggest that both sides are equal in this fight .
It does n’t hold water .
In Germany in 1933 , the Social Democrats fought hard against the National Socialists , but only one group started a fire in the Reichstag .
Should the Social Democrats be blamed for the political victories of the Third Reich and their candidate ?
Or were they , like many others around the world , soon to become victims of a brutal regime ?
Do n’t become a victim .
REGISTER , REGISTER , REGISTER .
You must make sure you are registered .
Rolls are purged in the middle of the night now .
You may have to register more than once .
Do n’t be so sure you ’re registered .
Check and double check .
Help others register .
It is not about simply getting out the vote any longer .
We are way past that , folks .
It is about making sure that whatever recording device is supposed to record your vote actually does .
Think like a Third Worlder .
Be aggressive .
Be confrontational .
Do not take your vote for granted .
They do n’t .
American power elites have tried to stop us from voting since the inception of the United States .
Voting has always been seen as the function of the great unwashed .
The grubby working class little people .
Ever see a wealthy politician vote ?
He always looks clueless .
Like old man Bush - buying milk at a supermarket .
Landless could n’t vote until 1844 .
Ex-slaves until 1869
Women – 1920
Poor - 1964
Great grandchildren of ex-slaves - 1965
The new Jim Crow is electronic , non-confrontational and extremely successful .
We have fought for our right to vote since the beginning .
They have tried to stop us since the beginning .
Reason ?
We outnumber them .
It is a worldwide struggle now .
Ohio = Mexico = Poland = Ukraine = Venezuela = Florida .
Nothing can be taken for granted .
Polls mean nothing .
Predictions mean nothing .
Endorsements mean nothing .
Only votes matter .
Make ‘em count .
A screenwriter / producer / journalist based in Hollywood , California , Mark Groubert is the Senior Film and Book Reviewer for CrooksandLiars.com .
As a filmmaker he has produced numerous documentaries for HBO .
Groubert is also the former editor of National Lampoon Magazine , MTV Magazine and The Weekly World News .
In addition , he has written for the L.A. Weekly , L.A. City Beat , Penthouse , High Times and other publications .
He is currently at work on his memoirs …or so he says .
An Introduction to BioMEMS and Bionanotechnology
BioMEMS and Bionanotechnology have the potential to make significant impact in a wide range of fields and applications .
This lecture series introduces the basic concepts and topics underlying the interdisciplinary areas of BioMEMS and Bionanotechnology .
Advances in this field require the knowledge of polymer processing and soft lithography in addition to silicon - inspired fabrication .
Since the primary aim of many of these devices and systems is to form sensors for biological and chemical entities , an introduction to DNA , proteins , and microbiology is also essential .
These devices and systems are designed to handle fluids at these small scale and hence the basic concepts of microfluidics need to be reviewed .
Means to transport fluids and biological entities in these devices are necessary for the proper functioning and design of integrated devices , that can perform complete analysis on biological and chemical samples .
These key topics are reviewed in this lecture series to equip the listener to get engaged deeper in these exciting areas of research .
Fundamentals of Nanoelectronics
Lectures contain :
Lecture 1 : Energy Level Diagram ; Lecture 2 : What Makes Electrons Flow ? ; Lecture 3 : Quantum of Conductance ; Lecture 4 : Charging Effects 1 ; Lecture 5 : Charging Effects 2 ; Lecture 6 : Charging Effect , Towards Ohm's Law ; Lecture 7 : Hydrogen Atom ; Lecture 8 : Schrödinger Equation 1 ; Lecture 9 : Schrödinger Equation 2 ; Lecture 10 : Finite Difference Method 1 ; Lecture 11 : Finite Difference Method 2 ; Lecture 12 : Separation of Variables ; Lecture 13 : Atomic Energy Levels ; Lecture 14 : Covalent Bonds ; Lecture 15a : Basis Functions 1 ; Lecture 15 b : Basis Functions 2 ; Lecture 15 c : Basis Functions 3 ; Lecture 16 : Bandstructure 1 ; Lecture 17 : Bandstructure 2 ; Lecture 18 : Bandstructure 3 ; Lecture 19 : Bandstructure 4 ; Lecture 20 : Reciprocal Lattice ; Lecture 21 : Graphene Bandstructure ; Lecture 22 : Carbon Nanotubes ; Lecture 23 : Subbands ; Lecture 24 : Density of States ; Lecture 25 : Density of States : General Approach ; Lecture 26 : Density of States in Nanostructures ; Lecture 27 : Minimum Resistance of a Wire 1 ; Lecture 28 : Minimum Resistance of a Wire 2 ; Lecture 29 : Effective Mass Equation ; Lecture 30 : Quantum Capacitance ; Lecture 31 : Broadening ; Lecture 32 : Broadening and Lifetime ; Lecture 33 : Local Density of States ; Lecture 34 : Current / Voltage Characteristics ; Lecture 35 : Transmission ; Lecture 36 : Coherent Transport ; Lecture 37 : Wavefunction versus Green 's Function ; Lecture 38 : Ohm's Law ; Lecture 39 : Coulomb Blockade
Abstract :
The development of " nanotechnology " has made it possible to engineer material and devices on a length scale as small as several nanometers ( atomic distances are ~ 0.1 nm ) .
The properties of such " nanostructures " cannot be described in terms of macroscopic parameters like mobility or diffusion coefficient and a microscopic or atomistic viewpoint is called for .
The purpose of this course is to convey the conceptual framework that underlies this microscopic viewpoint using examples related to the emerging field of nanoelectronics .
Computational NanoElectronics
Lectures contain :
Introduction to Computational Electronics ; Simplified Band - Structure Model ; Empirical Pseudopotential Method Description ; Choice of the Distribution Function ; Relaxation - Time Approximation ; Scattering Mechanisms ; Numerical Analysis ; Drift - Diffusion Model , Part A : Introduction ; Drift - Diffusion Model , Part B : Solution Details ; Drift - Diffusion Model , Part C : Sharfetter - Gummel , Time - Dependent Simulations ; Drift - Diffusion Model , Mobility Modeling ; Introduction to DD Modeling with PADRE ; Introduction to Silvaco Simulation Software ; MOS Capacitors : Description and Semiclassical Simulation With PADRE ;
What is CMOS Technology Facing ?
Abstract :
Scaling of CMOS devices into the nanometer regime leads to increased processing cost .
In this regard , the field of Computational Electronics is becoming more and more important because device simulation offers unique possibility to test hypothetical devices which have not been fabricated yet and it also gives unique insight into the device behavior by allowing the observation of phenomena that can not be measured on real devices .
The of this class is to introduce the students to all semi-classical semiconductor device modeling techniques that are implemented in either commercial or publicly available software .
As such , it should help students to understand when one can use drift - diffusion model and when it is necessary to use hydrodynamic , lattice heating , and even particle - based simulations .
A short tutorial on using the Silvaco / PADRE simulation software is included and its purpose is to make users familiar with the syntax used in almost all commercial device simulation software .
Nanoscale Transistors
Lectures contain :
Introductory Lecture ( Fall 06 ) ; Lecture 1 : MOSFET Review ; Lecture 2 : Introduction to Device Simulation ; Lecture 3 : 1D MOS Electrostatics ; Lecture 4 : MOS Capacitors ; Lecture 5 : Poly Si Gate MOS Capacitors ; Lecture 6 : Quantum Mechanical Effects ; Lecture 7 : MOSFET IV , Part I ; Lecture 8 : MOSFET IV , Part II ; Lecture 9 : MOSFET IV , Part III ; Lecture 10 : The Ballistic MOSFET ; Lecture 11 : The Quasi - ballistic MOSFET ; Lecture 12 : Subthreshold Conduction ; Lecture 13 : Threshold Voltage and MOSFET Capacitances ; Lecture 14 : Effective Mobility ; Lecture 15 : 2D Electrostatics , Part I ; Lecture 16 : 2D Electrostatics , Part II ; The Limits of CMOS Scaling from a Power - Constrained Technology Optimization Perspective ; Lecture 17 : Device Scaling ; Lecture 18 : VT Engineering ; Lecture 19 : Series Resistance ; Lecture 20 : MOSFET Leakage ; Lecture 21 : Gate resistance and Interconnects ; Lecture 22 : CMOS Process Steps ; Lecture 23 : CMOS Process Flow ; Lecture 24 : CMOS Circuits , Part I ; Lecture 25 : CMOS Circuits , Part I I ; Lecture 26 : CMOS Limits ; Lecture 27 : RF CMOS ; Lecture 28 : Overview of SOI Technology ; Lecture 29 : SOI Electrostatics ; Lecture 30 : UTB SOI Electrostatics ; Lecture 31 : Heterostructure Fundamentals ; Lecture 32 : Heterojunction Diodes ; Lecture 33 : Heterojunction Bipolar Transistors ; Lecture 34 : Heterostructure FETs .
Abstract :
This course examines the device physics of advanced transistors and the process , device , circuit , and systems considerations that enter into the development of new integrated circuit technologies .
The course consists of three parts .
Part 1 treats MOS and MOSFET fundamentals as well as second order effects such as gate leakage and quantum mechanical effects .
Short channel effects , device scaling , and circuit and system considerations are the subject of Part 2 .
In Part 3 , we examine new transistor materials and device structures .
The use of computer simulation to examine device issues is an integral part of the course .
Nanophotonics
Lectures contain :
Introductory Lecture ; s Lecture 1 : Light Interaction with Matter - Review of Maxwell 's Equations ; s Lecture 2 : Dispersion in Materials ; s Lecture 3 : Optical Properties of Insulators , Semiconductors and Metals ; s Lecture 4 : Electromagnetic Properties of Molecules , Nano - and Microscopic Particles ; s Lecture 5 : Photonic Crystals - Introduction ; s Lecture 6 : Basic Properties of Electromagnetic Effects in Periodic Media ; s Lecture 7 : Photonic Crystal Waveguides ; s Lecture 8 : Photonic Crystals Fibers ; s Lecture 9 : Introduction to Metal Optics ; s Lecture 10 : Surface Plasmon Excitation ; s Lecture 11 : Guiding Light Along Nanoparticle Arrays ; Nano Scale Optics with Nearfield Scanning Optical Microscopy ( NSOM ) ; s Lecture 14 : Metamaterials : Giving Light the Second Hand , Part 1 ; s Lecture 15 : Metamaterials : Giving Light the Second Hand , Part 2 .
Abstract :
The course covers nanoscale processes and devices and their applications for manipulating light on the nanoscale .
The following topics will be covered : Fundamentals , Maxwell ’s equations , light - matter interaction , dispersion , EM properties of nanostructures , etc. Photonic crystals , Photonic crystal fibers , Photonic nanocircuits , Metal optics , Manipulating light with plasmonic nanostructures , Plasmonic nano - sensors , Near - field optics , Metamaterials , negative refractive index and super - resolution .
Nanomaterials
Lectures contain :
Lecture 1 : Film Deposition Methods ; Lecture 2 : Lithography ; Lecture 3 : Advanced Lithography ; Lecture 4 : Atom Optics ; Lecture 5 : Chemical Synthesis ; Lecture 6 : Carbon Nanomaterials , part 1 ; Lecture 7 : Carbon Nanomaterials , part 2 ; Lecture 8 : Carbon Nanomaterials , part 3 ; Lecture 9 : SPM Lithography , part 1 ; Lecture 10 : SPM Lithography , part 2 ; Lecture 11 : SPM Lithography , part 3 ; Lecture 12 : Nanoscale CMOS , part 1 ; Lecture 13 : Nanoscale CMOS , part 2 ; Lecture 14 : Nanoscale Alternatives ; Lecture 15 : Nanomagnetism , part 1 ; Lecture 16 : Nanomagnetism , part 2 ; Lecture 17 : Nanoscale Thermal Properties ; Lecture 18 : Nanoelectromechanical Systems , part 1 ; Lecture 19 : Nanoelectromechanical Systems , part 2 .
Abstract :
" Nanomaterials , " is an interdisciplinary introduction to processing , structure , and properties of materials at the nanometer length scale .
The course will cover recent breakthroughs and assess the impact of this burgeoning field .
Specific nanofabrication topics include epitaxy , beam lithographies , self - assembly , biocatalytic synthesis , atom optics , and scanning probe lithography .
The unique size - dependent properties ( mechanical , thermal , chemical , optical , electronic , and magnetic ) that result from nanoscale structure will be explored in the context of technological applications including computation , magnetic storage , sensors , and actuators .
Concepts of Quantum Transport
Lectures contain :
Introduction ; Lecture 1 : Nanodevices and Maxwell 's Demon ; Lecture 2 : Electrical Resistance - A Simple Model ; Lecture 3 : Probabilities , Wavefunctions and Green Functions ; Lecture 4 : Coulomb blockade and Fock space ; McCoy Lecture : Nanodevices and Maxwell 's Demon ; PASI Lecture : Nanodevices and Maxwell 's Demon , Part 1 ; PASI Lecture : Nanodevices and Maxwell 's Demon , Part 2
Abstract :
How does the resistance of a conductor change as we shrink its length all the way down to a few atoms ?
This is a question that has intrigued scientists for a long time , but it is only during the last twenty years that it has become possible for experimentalists to provide clear answers , leading to enormous progress in our understanding .
There is also great applied interest in this question at this time , since every computer we buy has about a billion transistors that rely on controlling the flow of electrons through a conductor a few hundred atoms in length .
In this series of four lectures ( total length ~ 5 - 6 hours ) Datta attempts to convey the physics of current flow in nanodevices in simple physical terms , stressing clearly what is understood and what is not .
In Lecture 1 , " Nanodevices and Maxwell 's demon " , Datta attempts to convey the subtle interplay of dynamics and thermodynamics that is the hallmark of transport physics using an electronic device reminiscent of the demon imagined by Maxwell in the nineteenth century to illustrate the limitations of the second law of thermodynamics .
Lecture 2 ( " Electrical Resistance : A simple model " ) explains many important concepts like the quantum of conductance using a simple model that Datta uses routinely to teach an undergraduate class on Nanoelectronics .
Lecture 3 ( " Probabilities , wavefunctions and Green 's functions ) describes the full quantum transport model touching on some of the most advanced concepts of non-equilibrium statistical mechanics including the Boltzmann equation and the non-equilibrium Green function ( NEGF ) formalism and yet keeping the discussion accessible to advanced undergraduates .
Finally in Lecture 4 ( " Coulomb blockade and Fock space " )
Datta explains the limitations of the current models and speculates on possible directions in which the field might evolve .
Overall the objective is to convey an appreciation for state - of - the - art quantum transport models far from equilibrium , assuming no significant background in quantum mechanics or statistical mechanics .
Quantum Transport : Atom to Transistor
Lectures contain :
Lecture 1 : Energy Level Diagram ; Lecture 2 : What Makes Electrons Flow ? ; Lecture 3 : The Quantum of Conductance ; Lecture 4 : Charging / Coulomb Blockade ; Lecture 5 : Summary / Towards Ohm's Law ; Lecture 6 : Schrodinger Equation : Basic Concepts ; Lecture 7 : Schrodinger Equation : Method of Finite Differences ; Lecture 8 : Schrodinger Equation : Examples ; Lecture 9 : Self Consistent Field : Basic Concept ; Lecture 10 : Self Consistent Field : Relation to the Multi-Electron Picture ; Lecture 11 : Self Consistent Field : Bonding ; Lecture 12 : Basis Functions : As a Computatinal Tool ; Lecture 13 : Basis Functions : As a Conceptual Tool ; Lecture 14 : Basis Functions : Density Matrix I ; Lecture 15 : Basis Functions : Density Matrix II ; Lecture 16 : Band Structure : Toy Examples ; Lecture 17 : Band Structure : Beyond 1 - D ; Lecture 18 : Band Structure : 3 - D Solids ; Lecture 19 : Band Structure : Prelude to Sub-Bands ; Lecture 20 : Subbands : Quantum Wells , Wires , Dots and Nano - Tubes ; Lecture 21 : Subbands : Density of States ; Lecture 22 : Subbands : Minimum Resistance of a Wire ; Lecture 23 : Capacitance : Model Hamiltonian ; Lecture 24 : Capacitance : Electron Density ; Lecture 25 : Capacitance : Quantum vs. Electrostatic Capacitance ; Lecture 26 : Level Broadening : Open Systems and Local Density of States ; Lecture 27 : Level Broadening : Self Energy ; Lecture 28 : Level Broadening : Lifetime ; Lecture 29 : Level Broadening : Irreversibility ; Lecture 30 : Coherent Transport : Overview ; Lecture 31 : Coherent Transport : Transmission and Examples ; Lecture 32 : Coherent Transport : Non-Equilibrium Density Matrix ; Lecture 33 : Coherent Transport : Inflow / Outflow ; Lecture 34 : Non-Coherent Transport : Why does an Atom Emit Light ? ; Lecture 35 : Non-Coherent Transport : Radiative Lifetime ; Lecture 36 : Non-Coherent Transport : Radiative Transitions ; Lecture 37 : Non-Coherent Transport : Phonons , Emission and Absorption ; Lecture 38 : Non-Coherent Transport : Inflow / Outflow ; Lecture 39 : Atom to Transistor : " Physics " of Ohm's Law ; Lecture 40 : Self Consistent Field Method and Its Limitations ; Lecture 41 : Coulomb Blockade ; Lecture 41a : Coulomb Blockade ; Lecture 42 : Spin
Abstract :
The development of " nanotechnology " has made it possible to engineer materials and devices on a length scale as small as several nanometers ( atomic distances are ~ 0.1 nm ) .
The properties of such " nanostructures " cannot be described in terms of macroscopic parameters like mobility and diffusion coefficient and a microscopic or atomistic viewpoint is called for .
The purpose of this course is to convey the conceptual framework that underlies this microscopic theory of matter which developed in course of the 20th century following the advent of quantum mechanics .
However , this requires us to discuss a lot more than just quantum mechanics - it requires an appreciation of some of the most advanced concepts of non-equilibrium statistical mechanics .
Traditionally these topics are spread out over many physics / chemistry courses that take many semesters to cover .
Our aim is to condense the essential concepts into a one semester course using electrical engineering related examples .
The only background we assume is matrix algebra including familiarity with MATLAB ( or an equivalent mathematical software package ) .
We use MATLAB - based numerical examples to provide concrete illustrations and we strongly recommend that the students set up their own computer program on a PC to reproduce the results .
This hands - on experience is needed to grasp such deep and diverse concepts in so short a time .
Taking Nanotechnology from the Laboratory to the Soldier
About the lecture :
A U.S. Army soldier carries more than 100 pounds of gear into battle .
What can be done to lighten the load , while still providing maximum protection ?
Edwin Thomas , Director of MIT ’s new Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies , describes an alternative to the past practice of “ dressing up a soldier like a Christmas tree ” .
He describes instead , a dynamic battle suit that wards off bullets and biochemical threats while providing real - time data on the soldier ’s medical condition .
Thomas , who spent time training for this project at Fort Polk , explains how interdisciplinary teams are exploring nanomaterial designs that could also benefit civilian emergency responders .
Nanotechnology and the Study of Human Diseases
About the lecture :
Subra Suresh fleshes out the promise of nanotechnology , at least in regard to our understanding of disease .
His talk , which focuses on malaria and its impact on red blood cells , demonstrates how the fields of engineering , biology and medicine are converging .
To function properly , he explains , a red blood cell -- eight micrometers in diameter or 1/10th the thickness of a human hair -- must be able to squeeze through three micrometer openings in blood vessels .
Working with a “ laser tweezer ” and two tiny ( nano - sized ) glass beads , Suresh can apply pressure to stretch single cells so that they become thin enough to fit through small openings .
He uses a computer to simulate in three dimensions how red blood cells might fold and lengthen under normal conditions in the human body .
Nanowires and Nanocrystals for Nanotechnology
Lecture description :
Nanowires and nanocrystals represent important nanomaterials with one - dimensional and zero- dimensional morphology , respectively .
Here I will give an overview on the research about how these nanomaterials impact the critical applications in faster transistors , smaller nonvolatile memory devices , efficient solar energy conversion , high - energy battery and nanobiotechnology .
Nanotechnology : Past , Present and Future
Lecture description :
Nanotechnology is little - known to the general public , but in the science and policy community its promise is exciting .
What are the promises and pitfalls of this new field ?
How is it going to help the field of medicine ?
What are the implications for our economy ?
Join us as leaders in the field discuss the very real hopes and concerns for nanotechnology applied to aging - related research .
Fascinating Nanotechnology
The Triumph of Technology
This time I write about nanotech video lecture links I have collected .
These lectures were found via NanoHub website which is a web - based resource for research , education , and collaboration in nanotechnology , is an initiative of the NSF - funded Network for Computational Nanotechnology ( NCN ) .
They have many more video lectures , seminar videos teaching materials , just visit their website !
And here are some MIT World 's nanotechnology video courses / lectures : Google 's Video has the following lectures on nanotechnology :
And finally BBC's Audio Lectures " Have fun with these , until next month !
Labels : bionanotechnology , nano tech , nano technology , nanocrystals , nanoelectronics , nanomaterials , nanotech , nanotechnology , nanowires , qt , quantum transport , quantum transportation , transistors
Panel vacancy puts us at risk
� ** FILE ** Michael E. Baroody testifies before a Senate Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington , in this July 23 , 1997 file photo .
Baroody , President Bush 's pick to head the Consumer Product Safety Commission withdrew his nomination Wednesday , May 23 , 2007 , amid strong opposition from some Senate Democrats because of his career as a manufacturers ' lobbyist .
( AP Photo / Joe Marquette , File ) Ran on : 05-24-2007 Michael Baroody had worked in the Reagan administration in the 1980s .
JULY 23 , 1997 FILE PHOTO less �
** FILE ** Michael E. Baroody testifies before a Senate Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington , in this July 23 , 1997 file photo .
Baroody , President Bush 's pick to head the ... more Photo : Joe Marquette Photo : Joe Marquette Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Panel vacancy puts us at risk 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
In February , I warned that President Bush 's failure to fill a vacancy on the three - person Consumer Product Safety Commission created a potentially dangerous situation for the public .
Without a full slate , the commission is unable to levy fines or force a recall .
And now , with the vacancy still unfilled and no nominee in sight , the worst - case scenario has arisen .
The commission says that a Texas company called Kazuma Pacific is importing from China a defective all - terrain vehicle for kids and that the company has refused to cooperate in voluntarily pulling the product from the market .
Without a quorum , or all three commissioners , the Consumer Product Safety Commission is virtually powerless to take action in the case .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" We have a recalcitrant company that is failing to meet its obligations to safety , " acknowledged Scott Wolfson , a spokesman for the commission .
He confirmed that the commission , because of its lack of a quorum , is unable to slap Kazuma with fines or force a recall .
All that federal authorities can do is try to persuade retailers and distributors not to sell the defective vehicle , Wolfson said .
The product in question is the Meerkat 50 Youth ATV , which is listed on Kazuma 's Web site ( www.kazuma.us) as starting in price from $ 299 and being capable of hitting a top speed of 20 mph .
ATVs are those four - wheel cycles that are used recreationally by many people for off - road activities and are a common sight on farms throughout California .
The commission says the Meerkat 50 , which is intended for kids age 6 to 11 , places children " at risk of injury or death due to multiple safety defects , " including a lack of front brakes , no parking brake and being able to start the vehicle while in gear .
The commission also says the Meerkat 50 owner 's manual " does not contain complete information on safe operation and maintenance of the ATV . "
In a lengthy e-mail , Kazuma 's president , Jason Tsai , said that he 's instructed the Chinese manufacturer to make the Meerkat 50 safer , but it will take several months before the new - and - improved model makes it to the United States .
He said many Americans get hurt riding ATVs , and the commission should focus on raising awareness about the potential harm that accompanies such vehicles .
" I know hundreds of American died by riding ATV every year , thousands got injured , most of them are teenage , and the accident number is increasing every year , " Tsai wrote in broken English .
He expressed surprise that the commission is targeting his company .
" It seems to me that CPSC is more interests to destroy Kazuma name rather than just warning the public , " Tsai wrote .
Wolfson , the commission spokesman , said federal authorities just want to work with Tsai and Kazuma to remove a defective product from the market .
" We continue to call on this company to come to the negotiating table and work with us , " he said .
" They have refused so far . "
The commission says it 's unable to know for sure how many youngsters may have been injured riding the Meerkat 50 because Kazuma " has refused to provide complete incident or injury information for any of their products . "
The company has sold at least 2,700 Meerkat 50 ATVs since 2003 , according to the commission .
" Without a quorum , the commission is powerless , " said Rachel Weintraub , director of product safety at the Consumer Federation of America .
" This really highlights the weakness of the CPSC . "
The commission has been without a full three members since July 2006 , when Hal Stratton , who was appointed chairman by Bush in 2002 , left to take a job with a law firm that specializes in shooting down class - action lawsuits filed by consumers .
According to the Consumer Product Safety Act , two commissioners can conduct business for six months after a third commissioner quits .
After that , they 're restricted from taking action on regulatory maters or civil penalties until the vacancy is filled .
The six - month mark was hit on Jan. 15 .
In March , Bush nominated Michael Baroody , a top manufacturing - industry lobbyist , to serve as chairman and thus oversee regulation of the business that for years provided him with a livelihood .
In May , Baroody withdrew from consideration one day before his Senate confirmation hearing was to have taken place .
He 'd been asked by senators to provide copies of his severance agreement with the National Association of Manufacturers .
The word out of Washington is that the White House has no one else in mind to fill the vacancy and that Bush might even leave the seat empty until the end of his term next year .
" It 's a huge problem , as the case of the Meerkat ATV illustrates , " Weintraub said .
A White House spokesman said he has no information on whom the president might be considering to fill the post or when a nomination might be put forward .
A little progress : On Monday , the acting head of the Consumer Product Safety Commission , Nancy Nord , submitted recommendations to Congress that she believes would strengthen the agency 's hand .
Her recommendations were partly inspired by the increasing number of defective products coming from China ( such as the Meerkat 50 ) .
Among Nord 's proposals are broadening U.S. authorities ' ability to stop unsafe goods from entering the country and increasing fines to as much as $ 10 million for certain violations .
" This would really modernize the agency 's authority , " said Julie Vallese , a commission spokeswoman .
" It seeks 21st century tools for 21st century problems . "
The proposals could easily fall on deaf ears in Congress .
That would be a mistake .
The furor over MoveOn.org ’s silly “ General Betray Us ” ad – which led to a bipartisan Senate condemnation of MoveOn after Republicans blocked a move to include right - wing smears against military veterans like Democrats Max Cleland and John Kerry – carries a bitter lesson for the American Left .
Simply put :
This is what happens when one side of American politics – the Right – spends three decades and many billions of dollars building a sophisticated and powerful media apparatus and the other side – the Left – does next to nothing on media infrastructure .
Yes , it ’s true that many Democratic senators behaved spinelessly , but a leading reason for their political cowardice is the Republicans ’ extraordinary ability to whip up national frenzies over anything that can be portrayed as an affront to them or their allies .
The Right ’s powerful ideological media – stretching from newspapers , magazine and book publishing to talk radio , TV networks and the Internet – is arguably the most intimidating force in modern American politics .
There is nothing remotely comparable – in size , reach or funding – on the Left .
Indeed , this asymmetry in U.S. media not only has contributed mightily to the existence of George W. Bush ’s presidency and the Iraq War , but may be viewed by future historians as a key factor in what doomed the American Republic , as propaganda , fear - mongering and intimidation substituted for fact , reason and balanced debate .
Any misstep by Democrats or the Left is amplified through the Right ’s giant echo chamber , resonating to all corners of the country and whipping up public outrage .
In contrast , mistakes or abuses by Republicans and the Right get far less attention and often are ignored entirely ( assuming the offense is n’t tapping for gay sex in a men ’s bathroom ) .
After the Right starts one of its cascading campaigns of outrage , the mainstream news media sees little choice but to report on what ’s already so widely disseminated that it ’s crossed a threshold of “ what ’s news . ”
Indeed , mainstream journalists risk being accused of “ liberal bias ” if they do n’t start writing about what the Right has gotten everyone talking about .
So , the MoveOn fiasco becomes a front - page story pushing aside more significant information about brutal ethnic cleansing in Iraq occurring under the eyes of Gen .
Petraeus 's forces [ see the lower half of this article in the Sept. 22 edition of the New York Times ] or evidence that President Bush is transforming U.S. Special Forces units into “ death squads . ”
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ George W. Bush ’s Thug Nation . ” ]
Illiberal Press
Although the Right has long denounced the mainstream corporate media as “ liberal , ” the reality is quite different .
Many of the publishers and media moguls are personally right - wing or neoconservative , while their hired news executives know that their careers can be sidetracked or destroyed if they get labeled “ liberal ” by the Right ’s attack apparatus .
[ See , for instance , Consortiumnews.com 's " The Bush Rule of Journalism . " ]
At times , mainstream journalists even will act preemptively to prove they 're “ not liberal , ” creating stories that will look good to the Right .
For instance , after Bill Clinton won the White House in 1992 , some senior editors at major news organizations vowed to be tougher on a Democrat than they were on any Republican .
What followed was the merging of interests between the growing right - wing media and the mainstream press .
Everyone piled on .
The green - lighting of this “ prove - we ’re - not - liberal ” pattern carried over to Campaign 2000 during which the New York Times and the Washington Post led the way in demeaning Vice President Al Gore for his choice of clothing and his supposedly dishonest boasting .
In reality , many of the accusations against Gore were based on inaccurate reporting , fabricated quotes and tendentious interpretations of his words .
But the biased journalism brought no known punishments to the reporters who were responsible .
By contrast , George W. Bush and his running mate , Dick Cheney , were free to play fast and loose with facts and face almost no challenge to their honesty .
Careerist journalists sensed intuitively that Al Gore had become a kind of political free - fire zone but Bush / Cheney could fire back and hurt you if you got on their wrong side .
[ For more on how this imbalanced reporting came to pass , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege or our new book , Neck Deep . ]
Unforced Error
The MoveOn ad , a pun on Gen. David Petraeus ’s name , represented a classic case of an unforced error by a left - of - center group .
MoveOn and its ad agency , Fenton Communications , should have recognized that mocking someone ’s name is both juvenile and offensive .
It can be viewed as an insult to a person ’s ethnic heritage .
Republicans and pundits – from right - wing bloggers to Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen – then needled the word “ betray ” to claim that MoveOn was accusing Petraeus of “ treason , ” even though “ betray ” has many lesser meanings , such as betraying a trust or betraying one ’s friends .
Many puffed - up chests later , the Republicans were branding Democrats as “ puppets ” of “ extremist ” groups like MoveOn , and Democrats were scurrying around desperately seeking cover .
At a Sept. 20 news conference , President Bush called the ad “ disgusting ” and charged that “ most Democrats are afraid of irritating a left - wing group like MoveOn.org . ”
Sen . John Cornyn , R - Texas , then brought an amendment to the Senate floor and asserted , “ For MoveOn.org and their left - wing allies to brand General Petraeus a traitor and a liar crossed a historic line of decency .
It was a despicable political attack by a radical left - wing interest group . ”
Before passing Cornyn ’s amendment , the Republicans blocked a substitute amendment by Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - California , which would have “ strongly condemned attacks on the honor , integrity and patriotism of any individual who is serving or has served honorably in the United States Armed Forces , by any person or organization . ”
The Boxer substitute pointedly would have covered the Republican ad campaign in 2002 that likened triple - amputee war veteran Max Cleland to Osama bin Laden and the dishonest “ Swift boat ” attacks that took aim in 2004 at John Kerry ’s decorated service in Vietnam .
But the Republicans were n’t going to let their clear shot at MoveOn be muddled .
So , after preventing the Boxer substitute from getting the 60 votes it needed for consideration , GOP senators pushed through a resolution “ to specifically repudiate the unwarranted personal attack on General Petraeus by the liberal activist group MoveOn.org . ”
In the 72 - 25 vote , 22 Democrats joined a solid phalanx of Republicans denouncing MoveOn by name , an extraordinary act by the Senate in singling out a group of American citizens for criticizing a government official during an important public debate .
By contrast , one only needs to contemplate what would happen if Democrats dared sponsor a resolution denouncing abrasive right - wing commentators by name for bandying about the actual charge of “ treason ” against Iraq War critics , including people such as Scott Ritter who served in the military .
The Republicans and the Right ’s media machine surely would howl about censorship and the importance of the First Amendment .
But the maintenance of this double standard is guaranteed by the remarkable power of the Right 's media infrastructure versus the virtual absence of one on the Left .
Today , the Right ’s media machine already is busily spinning the nay vote from presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and the “ not present ” from Barack Obama as a way to spread the MoveOn fiasco into Campaign 2008 .
_______
About author Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , can be ordered at Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth . '
Robert Parry 's web site is Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , , can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It 's also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , Robert Parry 's web site is Consortium News
New ways are needed to share information , US officials say
The project , known as A - Space , aims to improve the way that intelligence agents communicate , it said .
Officials believe that the online workplace will allow staff to better analyse information together .
However to ease fears of undercover workers having their cover blown , participation will be voluntary .
Reticent users
A - Space , due to launch in December , will feature web - based email and software recommending issues of interest to the user said Mike Wertheimer , a senior official at the office of the Director of National Intelligence ( DNI ) .
We are willing to experiment in ways that we have never experimented before
Mike Wertheimer
Office of the Director of National Intelligence
He told the FT that the new infrastructures would help break down some of the physical communications problems in the intelligence community .
" I am unable to send email , and even make secure phone calls , to a good portion of the community from my desktop because of firewalls , " he said .
He added that while it was understandable that some operatives were reticent about sharing information which could pose a risk , the 9/11 attacks had showed that not pooling data could also cost lives .
" We are willing to experiment in ways that we have never experimented before , " he said .
Mr Wertheimer added that while it had looked for collaboration from overseas , foreign intelligence agencies had been " the folks most virulently against " sharing information through an " intelligence library " .
The DNI already operates a collaborative online encyclopaedia - or wiki - for members of the US intelligence community .
And earlier this year the CIA used Facebook to advertise job opportunities within the organisation .
It 's been less than a week since last development release , but we are here with another one .
There are more critical issues has been discovered …
Retiring my WordPress blog
From 2002 to 2014 , I maintained a WordPress blog at this address .
It grew with me as I did , but it also contains a great deal of content that does n’t represent the me of October 2019 onward .
Thankfully , keeping up with my progress is simple : for my poetry and other personal items , consider regularly visiting benjaminlawless.com .
For news related to book design , publishing and the authors I serve , follow the Penciled In News section .
Thank you .
SCIENTISTS have jump - started the consciousness of a man with severe brain injury in a world - first procedure in which electrodes were inserted deep into his brain .
The 38 - year - old , who had been in a minimally conscious state for six years after an assault , could only move his fingers or eyes occasionally and was fed through a tube .
Now he can chew , swallow and carry out movements like brushing his hair and drinking from a cup , say the US neuroscientists who carried out the procedure , known as deep brain stimulation .
Obama , McCain in war of words over war , spelling
Nick Juliano
Published : Friday May 25 , 2007 Print This Email This
Presidential candidates wasted little time Friday before tossing rhetorical bombs each other 's way over Thursday night 's vote to fund the war for another four months , not to mention their spelling ability .
Sen .
John McCain released a statement equating votes against the funding bill from Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama to " waving a white flag to al Qaeda . "
Obama responded that McCain and Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney -- who also had jumped into the fray -- were forcing US troops to police a burgeoning civil war in Iraq .
" And if there ever was a reflection of that , it 's the fact that Senator McCain required a flack jacket ... to stroll through a market in Baghdad just a few weeks ago , " Obama said in a response released by his campaign .
That did n't sit too well with McCain , famous for his service in the Vietnam war , who said his " conversations with military leaders on the ground " inform his belief that the president 's surge strategy must be given a chance to work .
" By the way , Senator Obama , it 's a ' flak ' jacket , not a ' flack ' jacket , " McCain chided , by way of pointing out his military service .
A McCain aide went even further , telling a Politico blogger , " Obama would n't know the difference between an RPG and a bong . "
Elizabeth Kushigian spent time in an isolation room at Miami International Airport every time she returned from an international trip – until a senator got her taken off a DHS watchlist .
For years , Elizabeth Kushigian never had a problem flying back - and - forth to Costa Rica , where she runs a local micro-lending nonprofit .
But in 2004 , she suddenly found it impossible to re-enter the United States without being ordered into a special isolation room at Miami International Airport .
There , she 'd wait for extra scrutiny .
" I was in the line where you come in and stamp your passport , and each time they would scan the passport and look at ( the ) screen and stiffen , " Kushigian says .
" I was on some sort of list .
I do n't know why ; it could have been because of something I did in the '60s and in the early 1980s , I did some civil disobedience on behalf of El Salvador . "
Kushigian is just a member of a growing club of American citizens whose lives have been touched by a slew of government watch lists proliferating with little oversight or redress mechanisms since the 9/11 attacks .
Containing , by some estimates , hundreds of thousands of names submitted by dozens of agencies , the lists have not only snagged people like Kushigian – who wind up on them for mysterious reasons – they 've also stigmatized and inconvenienced thousands of others whose names happen to be similar to an entry on the list .
The issue returned to national debate last week after one of the nation 's most respected constitutional law professors was told by an airline official that he'd been placed on a watch list for his criticism of the president , a claim that U.S. officials deny .
Kushigian 's hassles at the airport ranged from minor delays to full - blown interrogations .
The second time she was pulled aside at the border , officials with the Bureau of Immigrations and Customs Enforcement demanded to know how she could afford to travel on her salary .
When she explained that she 'd inherited money from her father , they peppered her with questions about what his factory used to make , and what charities he donated to .
" It was unnerving sitting in that little room even for a short period of time , Kushigian says .
" You get a sense of what people who are not senators and not citizens go through . "
Kushigian tried to figure out why she 'd been targeted by filing a Freedom of Information Act request , but learned nothing .
Then she turned to her elected representatives in Massachusetts , including Sen .
Ted Kennedy , who himself was famously fingered by a watch list in 2004 .
Eventually Kennedy 's office sent along a letter signed by the head of Immigration and Customs , which said in part : " With respect to Mrs. Kushigian 's specific situation , we are pleased to report that action has been taken in order that she not be subjected to automatic special attention when arriving at U.S. Ports - of - Entry . "
Kushigian was one of the lucky ones : Winning even a tacit acknowledgement that she was on a list is a rare victory over the federal homeland security bureaucracy .
Tens of thousands of travelers have applied to get help from the Transportation Security Administration , which now has three lists : a no-fly list of persons considered too dangerous to be allowed on a plane or cruise ship ; a selectee list of people who must undergo extra screening to fly ; and a white list of persons who have names similar to those on the other lists , but who are not threats .
The last publicly reported tally of the no-fly and selectee lists in October 2006 put the combined number of names at 119,000 .
The current number is a closely guarded secret , but Homeland Security officials announced earlier this year that it cut the no-fly list in half after hand - reviewing the names , which are submitted by a hodgepodge of U.S. intelligence agencies .
Despite that , last month constitutional scholar Walter F. Murphy , McCormick Professor of Jurisprudence Emeritus at Princeton University , found himself unable to check in curbside at a New Mexico airport .
A check - in clerk with American Airlines told him it was because he was on a " terrorist watch list , " Murphy says .
" One of them , I do n't remember which one , asked me , ' Have you been in any peace marches ?
We ban a lot of people from flying for that , ' " recalls Murphy .
" I said , ' No , but I did give a speech criticizing George Bush , ' and he said , ' That will do it . ' "
Incensed at the thought that the administration was using an anti-terrorism measure for political purposes , Murphy publicized his run-in through a prominent law blog , Balkinization .
His accusations lit up the comment boards on several influential websites .
The evidence remains thin that Murphy was actually on a watch list – he was able to get a boarding pass on his return trip – but the incident shows how the watch list programs have put their imprint on America 's consciousness .
It 's in the very nature of secret watch lists to induce paranoia , says Lee Tien , an Electronic Frontier Foundation lawyer and longtime critic of government watch lists .
" If ( the lists ) were n't secret , you would know if you were on one and you would be able to scream about it , " Tien says .
" Without accountability , they will be stupid or evil ; and without transparency , there 's no way to tell the difference . "
Following a string of high profile cases of watch lists snaring innocent travelers – ranging from U.S. armed forces personnel , to prominent politicians and nuns – the Department of Homeland Security launched a website in February to help out people who are wrongly matched with names on the list .
Travelers can fill out a complaint form online , and so far , 3,700 people have applied for help .
That 's a big change for the government , which did n't even admit that it had a no - fly list until fall of 2002 .
The existence of a second list , known as the " selectee list " , was also kept secret until it surfaced in documents obtained under the Freedom of Information Act by the Electronic Privacy Information Center , and first reported by Wired News .
Those lists also largely derived from the " unified terrorist watch list , " a blend of information from intelligence agencies and the FBI that 's also shared with the FBI 's National Crime Information Center .
The NCIC database is queried nearly any time a cop or county sheriff makes an arrest or pulls someone over for speeding .
The Treasury Department runs a separate list known as the OFAC list ( short for Office of Foreign Assets Control ) , which is the only published government anti-terrorism watch list .
The 250 - page long list includes organizations and individuals with which American companies are prohibited from doing business .
While there are almost no American citizens on the OFAC list , it is routinely used during home purchases , credit checks and even apartment rentals , and has caused people with common Latino and Muslim names to be denied mortgages for having a name that only vaguely resembles a name on the list , according to a recent report ( .pdf ) from the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights .
The transparency of the public OFAC list is a double - edged sword :
Unlike the other watch lists , people can easily determine if a name similar to theirs is on the OFAC list .
At the same time , because it 's unclassified and published , the OFAC is widely used by companies that run background checks .
The potential for of civil liberties abuse is high , says Shirin Shinnar , who wrote the LCCR report .
" If you are denied an apartment or a job , you often are n't told at all why – let alone that it was because you were identified as a possible terrorist , " Shinnar says .
Just as murky is the question of how useful the lists actually are .
The Transportation Security Administration refuses to provide any statistics on whether the lists have ever prevented any known terrorist from boarding a plane .
For its part , the Terrorist Screening Center , which compiles the unified terrorist watch list created by a 2003 presidential directive , did not respond with a request for comment .
But a 2005 Inspector General report ( .pdf ) found the center 's database of hundreds of thousand of records was plagued with technical difficulties and inaccurate entries .
Comment on this story .
Wired Blog : Threat Level
Feds ' Watch List Eats Its Own
Takeoff Delay Slows Secure Flight
Stuck on the No- Fly List
Airlines Ordered to Expose Data
I signed a contract with Simon & Schuster two years ago to write a book about the Middle East , based on my personal observations as the Carter Center monitored three elections in Palestine and on my consultations with Israeli political leaders and peace activists .
We covered every Palestinian community in 1996 , 2005 and 2006 , when Yasser Arafat and later Mahmoud Abbas were elected president and members of parliament were chosen .
The elections were almost flawless , and turnout was very high — except in East Jerusalem , where , under severe Israeli restraints , only about 2 % of registered voters managed to cast ballots .
The many controversial issues concerning Palestine and the path to peace for Israel are intensely debated among Israelis and throughout other nations — but not in the United States .
For the last 30 years , I have witnessed and experienced the severe restraints on any free and balanced discussion of the facts .
This reluctance to criticize any policies of the Israeli government is because of the extraordinary lobbying efforts of the American - Israel Political Action Committee and the absence of any significant contrary voices .
It would be almost politically suicidal for members of Congress to espouse a balanced position between Israel and Palestine , to suggest that Israel comply with international law or to speak in defense of justice or human rights for Palestinians .
Very few would ever deign to visit the Palestinian cities of Ramallah , Nablus , Hebron , Gaza City or even Bethlehem and talk to the beleaguered residents .
What is even more difficult to comprehend is why the editorial pages of the major newspapers and magazines in the United States exercise similar self - restraint , quite contrary to private assessments expressed quite forcefully by their correspondents in the Holy Land .
With some degree of reluctance and some uncertainty about the reception my book would receive , I used maps , text and documents to describe the situation accurately and to analyze the only possible path to peace : Israelis and Palestinians living side by side within their own internationally recognized boundaries .
These options are consistent with key U.N. resolutions supported by the U.S. and Israel , official American policy since 1967 , agreements consummated by Israeli leaders and their governments in 1978 and 1993 ( for which they earned Nobel Peace Prizes ) , the Arab League ’s offer to recognize Israel in 2002 and the International Quartet ’s “ Roadmap for Peace , ” which has been accepted by the PLO and largely rejected by Israel .
The book is devoted to circumstances and events in Palestine and not in Israel , where democracy prevails and citizens live together and are legally guaranteed equal status .
Although I have spent only a week or so on a book tour so far , it is already possible to judge public and media reaction .
Sales are brisk , and I have had interesting interviews on TV , including “ Larry King Live , ” “ Hardball , ” “ Meet the Press , ” “ The NewsHour With Jim Lehrer , ” the “ Charlie Rose ” show , C - SPAN and others .
But I have seen few news stories in major newspapers about what I have written .
Book reviews in the mainstream media have been written mostly by representatives of Jewish organizations who would be unlikely to visit the occupied territories , and their primary criticism is that the book is anti-Israel .
Two members of Congress have been publicly critical .
Incoming House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for instance , issued a statement ( before the book was published ) saying that “ he does not speak for the Democratic Party on Israel . ”
Some reviews posted on Amazon.com call me “ anti-Semitic , ” and others accuse the book of “ lies ” and “ distortions . ”
A former Carter Center fellow has taken issue with it , and Alan Dershowitz called the book ’s title “ indecent . ”
Out in the real world , however , the response has been overwhelmingly positive .
I ’ve signed books in five stores , with more than 1,000 buyers at each site .
I ’ve had one negative remark — that I should be tried for treason — and one caller on C - SPAN said that I was an anti-Semite .
My most troubling experience has been the rejection of my offers to speak , for free , about the book on university campuses with high Jewish enrollment and to answer questions from students and professors .
I have been most encouraged by prominent Jewish citizens and members of Congress who have thanked me privately for presenting the facts and some new ideas .
The book describes the abominable oppression and persecution in the occupied Palestinian territories , with a rigid system of required passes and strict segregation between Palestine ’s citizens and Jewish settlers in the West Bank .
An enormous imprisonment wall is now under construction , snaking through what is left of Palestine to encompass more and more land for Israeli settlers .
In many ways , this is more oppressive than what blacks lived under in South Africa during apartheid .
I have made it clear that the motivation is not racism but the desire of a minority of Israelis to confiscate and colonize choice sites in Palestine , and then to forcefully suppress any objections from the displaced citizens .
Obviously , I condemn any acts of terrorism or violence against innocent civilians , and I present information about the terrible casualties on both sides .
The ultimate purpose of my book is to present facts about the Middle East that are largely unknown in America , to precipitate discussion and to help restart peace talks ( now absent for six years ) that can lead to permanent peace for Israel and its neighbors .
Another hope is that Jews and other Americans who share this same goal might be motivated to express their views , even publicly , and perhaps in concert .
I would be glad to help with that effort .
What 's odd is that the party so often puts up a weak candidate in the name of " electability . "
What was so " electable " about John Kerry ?
Turns out not much .
His voting record is a bit spotty , but truth be told he had only a few shameful votes .
In the end the Republicans attacked his record on military appropriations , and rather than offering unequivocal language he gave us the infamous " I voted for it before I voted against it . "
We lost 2004 when we nominated Kerry .
If the party gives Hillary Clinton the nomination , how will she defend her record ?
Why are n't " mainstream " Democrats challenging the disconnect between her rhetoric and her service record — now , in the primary season , when we 're supposed to discover our own candidates ?
Where is this elusive " electability " of the frontrunner candidates ?
They all fall seriously short on the major issues people care about : Iraq , health care , labor rights , civil rights .
Money silences dissent .
A Rassmussen Report from late July claimed that " [ a ] lmost 40 % of all voters , including 40 % of Democrats , do n't know Congressman Kucinich well enough to have an opinion of him . "
These same people often dismiss Kucinich as " unelectable , " despite knowing little or nothing about him .
Obviously many voters accept the cynical if accurate notion that money wins elections .
Let 's be honest , money indeed wins a lot of elections .
Most of them , it turns out .
People usually choose their candidates like they 're picking out a pair of shoes they 've never even worn .
This is the reality of our political context .
But here 's where cynical notions of " electability " fall short : the big money candidates of our two - party system can only ever count on the straight - party ticket votes , like mine .
My vote and votes just like it on both sides of the isle will only ever ensure that the default results of any general election come in at about 50/50 D and R .
That 's what the primary wins for any candidate with the D or R brand : about a 50/50 split unless you do something really stupid ( and often if you do ) .
What happens beyond the default position depends entirely on the candidate .
Did you catch Kucinich at the AFL - CIO debate ?
Who were those ordinary American workers whose raucous cheers gave Kucinich the clear victory that day ?
Those were cheers from labor , the traditional base of the Democratic Party .
Take just another minute to reflect on the previous paragraph .
The " unelectable " Kucinich won the debate , hands down , before the traditional base of the Democratic Party , the working class and middle class people whose labor generates the profits that accrue to the capital that finances the big money , " electable " Democrats who gut worker rights and privatize our communities at every turn .
The traditional Democratic base is n't stupid .
They have n't been driven away from the polls because they are lazy or apathetic .
They are painfully aware of the huge disconnect between Democratic Party rhetoric and the official behavior of many Democrats .
They do n't appreciate being lied to , and maybe they have grudging reasons to go to the polls just to vote against some Republican .
Maybe they do n't .
The traditional Democratic base does n't always turn up at the polls .
They need more than transparent rhetoric .
They require a real candidate who actually represents their interests .
And they love Kucinich .
That means we who support Kucinich , if we take our work seriously , have two huge tasks before us .
We have to educate that 40 percent of the voter base about our guy , and we have to try and convince the Democratic Party that it's on the same losing course again unless it backs the only candidate who inspires and motivates the Democratic base .
That 's us , and if we want to pull off the statistically unlikely task of handing our guy the nomination , we can't sit on our thumbs and lament his unfair treatment by the media and the shills who take every opportunity to discourage us .
We certainly cannot wish our guy would compromise his principles ( our principles ) and take some corporate money .
We actually have to stay motivated and determined to deliver much more than our single vote for Kucinich .
We have to answer " you ca n't do it " with " you ca n't stop us . "
We have to back it up with action .
We have to talk to each other and coordinate our efforts , give each other ideas , and encourage each other .
We have to behave like a community that deserves a Kucinich presidency .
Nadia Social Media Pages :
Nadia is an online activist interested in using the miracle of the internet to save our country before it is too late .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
One excellent feature of the CLR in general and C# in particular is deterministic finalization : the ability to control when resources are released .
In C# this is realized with the IDisposable interface and the using keyword .
Effectively , the statements :
using ( File myFile = File .
Open ( " foo.txt " ) ) { /*
Do something with myFile */ }
Are equivalent to the following
File myFile = File .
Open ( " foo.txt " ) ; try { /*
Do something with myFile */ } finally { myFile .
Dispose ( ) ; }
The usual use of the Dispose method which is , as you can see above , called when my File goes out of scope is to perform general clean up .
In this case it would release any open handles to the file , if any : doing so in this deterministic manner is in most situations a much better idea than waiting until the garbage collector gets around to finalizing your object and doing the cleanup there , although File will of course support this paradigm to ensure that its open handles are eventually released .
There are actually more interesting uses than resource management that are made of the using keyword in C# , such as transaction management ( the scope of the transaction is the scope of the using block ) , mock playback ( mocks are automatically verified by Dispose ) and many more of the class of scope management problems encountered during everyday programming ( e.g. calling Begin / EndUpdate on a particular Control while you do lots of setup work on it ) .
Hopefully this litany of examples has convinced you that we simply must have “ using ” added to Java - but alas that particular behemoth is unlikely to acquire this rather nice feature any time soon .
Instead I have elected to show you how we can add this feature to a JVM based language , Scala , using the advanced features of its type system and functional programming paradigm .
Right , let ’s get started !
First , let ’s have an interface for all things we want to consider Disposable , just as in C# :
trait Disposable [ S ] { def dispose ( ) }
Do n’t let the word trait throw you : although you can do some cool stuff with traits , for our purposes they are just like Java ’s interfaces .
We have simply defined a method , dispose , on the Disposable interface that will be called to do cleanup .
Now , we could just have all things we use using with implement this interface , but this feels kind of limiting .
This is all well and good for our own classes , but what about interfacing with Java code that does n’t know a thing about our interface ?
In particular , it would be nice to be able to use our new functionality with JDBC and SWT , which have a common pattern of making use of close and dispose methods respectively to perform cleanup .
So , let ’s define two implicit conversions , known as “ views ” in Scala - land , from objects that define methods with those signatures to a Disposable !
implicit def close2disposable [ S ] ( what : S { def close ( ) } ) : Disposable [ S ] = new Disposable [ S ] { def dispose ( ) { try { what .
close } catch { case t => ( ) } } } implicit def dispose2disposable [ S ] ( what : S { def dispose ( ) } ) : Disposable [ S ] = new Disposable [ S ] { def dispose ( ) { what .
dispose } }
This is cool stuff .
These function is making use of a very nice feature of Scala ’s type system , structural subtyping , to operate on arbitrary objects that define particular methods .
For example , the type
S { def close ( ) }
defines a type of class S which must contain the method close , which takes no arguments and returns void ( aka Unit , in Scala ) .
With this , it is statically valid to call close ( ) on any variable of type S within the body of our implicit conversion , and I make use of this by returning a new anonymous inner class which implements Disposable and calls the close method of the implicitly converted variable when dispose is invoked ( wrapping it in appropriate exception handling , since e.g. the “ close ” method in JDBC can throw SQLException , and we do n’t want that masking exceptions thrown in the body of the using block ) .
We define the view on things with a dispose method similarly , but this time we need n’t handle exceptions since we assume anything with a dispose method is already going to be well behaved .
Notice that this is effectively statically safe duck typing , so you can have all the flexibility of a dynamic language like Python in exactly the places you need it , but keep the compile time guarantees of Scala in the majority of your code base , where you do n’t need that power .
Now all that remains to be done is to define the using “ keyword ” itself .
There is n’t a way to perfectly emulate the C# syntax in Scala , to the best of my knowledge , but we can come pretty damn close by defining a function which takes one curried argument which is the thing to dispose and another which is the block to dispose it after :
def using [ S <% Disposable [ S ] , T ] ( what : S ) ( block : S => T ) : T = { try { block ( what ) } finally { what .
dispose } }
To those uninitiated in the ways of Scala , that first line can look a little scary , so let ’s look at it in more detail .
def using [ S <% Disposable [ S ] , T ]
tells us that we are declaring a method called using which is parameterized on two type arguments : S , which must have a view of type Disposable [ S ] , and T .
Next ,
( what : S ) ( block : S => T )
says that the method takes two arguments : what of type S ( which we specified must be Disposable in the type constraint earlier ) and a block which takes one of those S objects and returns a T .
The fact that brackets , rather than a comma , separate the two arguments shows that the method is curried , i.e. it may be partially applied by its callers : this makes for some nicer code later on .
The final T just tells us that the method returns something of type T .
Armed with this understanding , it should be very easy to see that the body of the function is statically safe and does just the same thing as the C# example I showed at the start of this post .
That ’s all pretty neat !
Let ’s see some of the code you might write using this function , assuming that the method definitions I ’ve just given have been added to an object called Disposable which accompanies the trait of the same name :
import com.omegaprime.Disposable._ class Closable { System . out .
println ( " Constructed " ) def close ( ) { System .
out .
println ( " Closing " ) } def doSomething () { System .
out .
println ( " Doing something " ) } } object Program { def main ( args : Array [ String ] ) { using ( new Closable ( ) ) ( closable => { closable .
doSomething } ) } }
This will print :
Constructed Doing something Closing
Lovely stuff !
The sharp eyed reader will have noticed that the implicit conversions I defined above actually both apply for some objects ( i.e. those which have both close and dispose methods ) : they might then be tempted to ask which conversion to Disposable gets used by the compiler for such an object .
The answer for me is that it seems that the close method is always picked as the one to be called by Disposable .
dispose , but I suspect this is an implementation detail , and will probably even vary from version to version : from the compilers perspective these two choices must be equally good .
I hope this article has gone some way to showing you some of the advanced features of Scala and how they can be used to solve real problems in software engineering .
Note , however , that if you are going to play along at home you need at least version 2.6 of the language , as structural types were only added recently
Thursday 's long - awaited ruling in the Floyd Landis doping case had a little something for everyone no matter which side you were on , whether you were following it casually or obsessively or somewhere in between .
It 's also unlikely to totally satisfy many people on that spectrum , or change anyone 's mind .
You can select what you agree with from the documents and be smug about how right you were , or you can look at the sum of their contradictory parts and shake your head .
Like the far weightier belated resolution of a certain presidential election a few years ago , the belated resolution of the 2006 Tour de France left us with a few hanging chads .
The most immediate matter pending is whether Landis can muster the will to appeal the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport .
On Thursday , he already sounded like a man with one foot off the pedals .
" I did n't know what my chances were of winning , " he said .
" I believed all along that I had to give myself the best chance to win .
It turns out there was no chance .
" The day I decide to stop racing , I will forget all about it and do more important things , better things with my life .
I was never so single - mindedly focused on it that I forgot that , compared to what else is going on in the world , riding a bike is one of the most useless things I can do . "
Would an appeal be useless , as well ?
Landis said he has to consider his family , his ruined finances and his realistic odds of winning the 2006 Tour in a courtroom in 2008 .
He could prevail there , yet still never race in France again if anti-doping authorities there decide to impose sanctions .
The rest of us are left to consider whether an appeal can possibly resolve any of the ambiguities in the evidence ; whether it can help improve the anti-doping adjudication system , which is what Landis said he set out to do ; and whether it would be good or bad or indifferent news for cycling , which continues to thrash around in the quicksand of bad faith .
For those who believe Landis used synthetic testosterone to help mount his fantastic comeback in the Alps last year , the arbitrators ' 2 - 1 vote is an affirmation .
He becomes the first Tour winner ever knocked off the podium by science , a big fish harpooned in the ever - expanding hunt for cheats , stuffed and mounted on the wall to serve as a deterrent for others .
Those who believe Landis did n't dope also got something they wanted -- a vigorous minority dissent from arbitrator Christopher Campbell , and a public scolding of the French lab that handled the analysis of Landis ' test results by the two arbitrators who formed the majority .
Would the Chatenay - Malabry lab 's now well - chronicled procedural weaknesses enable Landis to make hay in the higher court ?
Campbell would say so .
He prefaced his dissent with a New Testament quotation ( Luke 16:10 ) , which is part of many people 's belief systems , but at last glance is not included in the World Anti-Doping Agency code .
" Whoever is dishonest with very little will also be dishonest with much " it begins .
Campbell went on to excoriate the lab and maintained that the case against the cyclist is built on a shoddy technical and ethical foundation .
" As athletes have strict liability rules , the laboratories should be held strictly liable for their failure to abide by the rules and strict scientific practice , " he wrote .
Campbell has sided with other athletes in high - profile cases .
His fellow arbitrator Richard McLaren , who nearly always finds for the anti-doping agency , did what he usually does .
Panel chairman Patrice Brunet , the swing vote , swung toward McLaren , and the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's perfect conviction record was preserved .
Cynics will always contend that Brunet knew what he would do even before he presided over nine grueling days of public testimony , reviewed an 1,800 - page transcript and had further private consultations with the panel 's hired expert , Dr. Francesco Botre , director of the WADA - accredited lab in Rome .
But Brunet and McLaren also did something interesting and unprecedented -- they sternly criticized the French lab .
They found that Landis ' initial testosterone - to - epitestosterone screening test from Stage 17 was too flawed to accept as evidence while concluding the more sophisticated carbon - isotope analysis that detected synthetic testosterone in Landis ' sample was valid .
Confused ?
So were Landis and his lawyers , Maurice Suh and Howard Jacobs , who say they do n't understand how trust can be exercised so selectively .
Brunet and McLaren warned the lab that it was on a sort of probation , in danger of losing credibility , yet upheld portions of its work in the Landis case anyway .
USADA 's lawyers , Rich Young and Matt Barnett , view the panel 's findings differently , reminiscent of the way the two sides argued over the decoding of the charts and parabolas , impenetrable to laypeople , that ultimately determined Landis ' fate .
The errors committed by the lab did n't affect the core scientific truth , they said .
The fact that the panel distinguished between good and faulty evidence simply showed the arbitrators were careful .
They welcomed the critique of the lab .
What litigator would n't want more airtight evidence the next time around ?
" There are things I would expect the Paris lab would do differently next time , " Young said , and for any accused athlete 's sake , you have to hope he 's right .
The panel gave no weight to the sensational testimony of three - time Tour winner Greg LeMond , which is sure to dismay some but please those who viewed him as a self - serving , self - appointed vigilante .
Nor did it rely on the lurid revelations of former lower - level professional racer Joe Papp , who offered up his own doping history to debunk the theory that testosterone would n't help an endurance athlete such as Landis .
Perhaps the question left most glaringly open by the ruling is whether WADA lab directors -- who are among the only people qualified to serve as checks and balances on each other 's work -- truly can speak their minds in these cases .
A citation from the agency 's code of ethics seems to overtly discourage lab directors from criticizing one another in an official forum , and there was testimony during the hearing , notably from respected former UCLA lab director Don Catlin , that supported that contention .
Brunet and McLaren wrote that they believed the rule had simply been misinterpreted .
That does n't directly address the possibility that it has been misused and has unfairly influenced the outcome of this and past cases .
" We would love to see any change in that rule to clarify it , to remove that confusion , " Barnett said .
In the majority ruling , the arbitrators sometimes appear to make a distinction between following lab procedures and anti-doping regulations and doing what 's right in pursuit of a higher purpose -- clean sport .
Everyone , they seem to be saying , is trying his or her best here .
But with lives and careers on the line , is that enough ?
The ideal outcome in the high - stakes Landis case would have been a decision that advanced the plot in the cops-and - robbers movie that is the anti-doping movement , a ruling that inspired utter confidence .
Perhaps that was impossible .
When Landis left his sheltered Mennonite community in southeastern Pennsylvania to find out just how much of a winner he could be as an athlete , he knew he was entering a more complicated world where his ingrained notions of good and evil might have to be revised .
We might never know exactly which angels and demons Landis wrestled with , whether he -- as Luke would say -- was dishonest with very little or much , or nothing at all .
The only certainty is that he could n't have imagined how much he would lose when he became a champion .
Bonnie D. Ford is a frequent contributor to ESPN.com .
Leahy to Gonzales : ' Why not just be fair to the truth ? '
Michael Roston
Published : Tuesday July 24 , 2007 Print This Email This
After a brief recess in an oversight hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee , the senators continued to challenge Attorney General Alberto Gonzales on his conduct in a 2004 hospital visit to Attorney General John Ashcroft .
Senator Sheldon
Whitehouse ( D - RI ) probed Gonzales on whether or not the surveillance program he sought legal re-approval for as White House Counsel had already been declared legal by the Attorney General .
The Senator seemed to imply that Gonzales was being evasive .
" I 'm just trying to nail that one fact down , " he said .
" I 'm not sure I want to give you complete comfort on that point out of fairness to others involved in what happened here , " Gonzales responded .
The response appeared to draw the ire of Senator Leahy .
" Why not just be fair to the truth and answer the question ? " he interjected to cheers from the audience .
Gonzales finally acknowledged that , " General Ashcroft was read into these activities and did approve these activities ... from the beginning , I believe , from the very beginning . "
Whitehouse then said he was concerned that FBI Director Robert Mueller had to ask the agents who were guarding Ashcroft not to leave the sedated Attorney General alone with Gonzales .
" When the FBI Director considers you so nefarious that FBI agents had to be ordered not to leave you alone with the stricken Attorney General , that 's a fairly serious challenge , " the Rhode Island Democrat said .
Gonzales insisted that Mueller did not understand the seriousness of the legislative and legal issues surrounding the controversy when he made that remark to his agents .
Schumer accuses Gonzales of deception , wiggling Senator Schumer addressed the intelligence program that was at the heart of the controversy between then - Deputy Attorney General James Comey and Gonzales .
The New York Democrat presented a series of quotations by the Attorney General that he said were contradictory about how many classified programs were involved in the dispute .
" We know from Jim Comey that virtually the entire leadership of the Justice Department was prepared to resign over concerns about a classified program .
Disagreement does n't get more serious than that , " he said .
" And what program was the ruckus all about ? "
He added , " Please help us understand how you did n't mislead the committee , " referring to Gonzales ' distinction between the Terrorist Surveillance Program and ' other intelligence activities ' and his statement that there was no dissent over the TSP .
After a set of rapid consultations with aides sitting behind him , Gonzales clarified his remarks .
" I 'm told that ... in the press conference , I did misspeak , but I went back and clarified it with a reporter , " he said .
He also said that the correction was made in a Washington Post report by Dan Eggen two days after the press conference in question .
Gonzales also later added that a spokesman , not the Attorney General himself , had clarified the question with Eggen .
Schumer accused Gonzales of deception .
" This is constant , sir , in all due respects , with you , " the New York Senator chided .
" You constantly make statements that are clear on their face that you 're deceiving the committee , and then you go back and say that ' I corrected the record two days later . '
How can we trust your leadership when the basic facts about serious questions that have been in the spotlight , you just constantly change the story seemingly to fit your needs to wiggle out of being caught for telling mistruths ? "
Schumer then warned Gonzales that he was ' close to the edge . '
" You want to be Attorney General , you should be able to clarify it yourself , right now , and not leave it to a spokesperson who you do n't know what he said , " he warned .
After listening to the exchange , Senator Leahy stated that he would " ask for a review of the transcript " because there was a " discrepancy in sworn testimony " over the issue .
Gonzales chided for ' ambiguity ' on torture Senator Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) then challenged Gonzales on the legal implications of the recent executive order issued by President George W. Bush on torture and the Geneva Conventions .
Durbin was particularly concerned that Gonzales would not rule out interrogation techniques like waterboarding .
" Mr. Attorney General , do you know what you are saying to world about the United States when you refuse to acknowledge that [ certain interrogation ] techniques are beyond the law , beyond the tradition of America ? "
Durbin asked .
He added , " If you can not be explicit about the standards of conduct and the values of this country when it comes to the use of torture , you create an ambiguity that unfortunately reflects badly on America around the world , and invites those who would take American citizens as captives and detainees to also suggest ... we can go a little further than perhaps international law allows . "
Senator Kennedy later took the questioning further .
He pointed to the new Bush executive order 's prohibition of such activities as sexual mutilation , rape , or denigrating religion .
He then asked , " If those are prohibited , why are n't you willing to prohibit the other kinds of activities that were outlined earlier , in terms of the waterboarding , stress , dogs , nudity , mock executions ? "
Gonzales responded , " There are certain other activities where it is not so clear , Senator , and it is for those reason that I can't discuss them . "
On Goodling : ' Which one of you is telling the truth ? '
Senator Leahy sought details from the Attorney General on whether or not the Justice Department had taken steps to eliminate political considerations in the hiring of career personnel .
Former Gonzales staffer Monica Goodling acknowledged that she had considered political affiliations in career hiring decisions .
When Gonzales confirmed that steps were taken , Leahy asked if the White House was still using political considerations in Justice Department hiring .
" I do n't know if I 've communicated with the White House about that , " Gonzales answered .
To laughter , Leahy then said , " It might not be a bad idea . "
The Chairman then inquired about Goodling 's statement that she had a conversation with Gonzales about the Attorney firings that made her uncomfortable .
" Which one of you is telling the truth ? "
Leahy asked , pointing out that Gonzales had said he was only trying to comfort her .
Gonzales stuck to his claim that he was " consoling an emotionally distraught woman . "
He went on to insist that he had not interfered with her testimony .
Opinion :
The Myth of Soulless Women
Michael Nolan
And there are those who know that an early council of bishops , held at Macon in Burgundy , France in a.d. 585 decreed that women do not have a soul .
The bishops of course decreed no such thing , for if women do not have a soul how could they be baptized , how receive the Eucharist , how be venerated as martyrs in heaven ?
Yet it may be worthwhile to look at the story of this alleged decree , for one can see a myth in the making .
The story begins , innocently enough , in the late sixteenth century .
A young scholar , Valentius Acidalius , was working as a teacher in Silesia , and , like many young scholars , he was short of money .
He thought to turn an honest penny by publishing a " diverting " pamphlet .
In Latin the word homo , like the word man in English , primarily means " a human being , male or female , young or old , " but has the secondary meaning of " adult male . "
Valentius thought it would be fun to use this ambiguity to " show " that in the Bible only adult males have souls .
If he thought the pamphlet would amuse , he was grievously wrong .
Simon Geddicus , a Lutheran scholar , launched a mighty counter - pamphlet entitled A Defense of the Female Sex , in which he proposed " manfully " ( he actually uses the word viriliter ) to " destroy each and every one of the arguments put forward by Valentius , " who , the reader will learn with regret or satisfaction as the case may be , took a seizure and died .
The pamphlet , however , often bound with the refutation by Simon Geddicus , survived , and it appears that it was published at Lyons in France in 1647 .
It was now in Italian , and was entitled Women do not have a soul and do not belong to the human race , as is shown by many passages of Holy Scripture .
One gathers from a commentator that " the ladies of Italy took this system very differently .
Some were vexed to have no souls .
Others were pretty indifferent about the matter , and looking on themselves as mere machines , hoped to set their springs so well agoing as to make the men stark mad . "
Not all the ladies were silent , and the splendidly named Archangela Tarabotti wrote A Defense of Women .
One way or another , the offending book caught the attention of Pope Innocent X , who put it on the Index of Prohibited Books ( Decree of June 18 , 1651 ) .
So much for the allegation that the Church holds that women do not have souls .
But the suggestion that women do not have souls was obviously in the air .
It apparently came to the ears of Johannes Leyser , a Lutheran pastor from the region of Frankfurt in Germany , for he took up the idea and then sought confirmation for it in the doings of the Council of Macon , a small council of some forty - three bishops held in Burgundy in the year 585 .
Leyser had become a chaplain in the Danish army .
The excitements , and no doubt opportunities , of military life seem to have sharpened his zest for feminine variety , for in 1676 he published a volume called The Triumph of Polygamy , in which he proclaimed the merits of a plurality of wives .
Seeking support for his view that women are inferior , he decided to misquote the decrees of the Council of Macon .
Leyser wrote : " Among the holy fathers [ at the Council ] there was one who insisted that women cannot , and should not , be called ' human beings ' ( homines ) .
The matter was thought so important that it was discussed publicly and in the fear of God .
Finally , after many arguments on this question , [ the bishops ] concluded that women are human after all . "
Now this is wholly untrue .
The acts of the Council of Macon contain no such discussion .
They contain neither the word " woman " nor the word " soul . "
What Leyser did was to misinterpret a story told in The History of the Franks by St. Gregory of Tours .
Gregory was bishop of that city in the sixth century and wrote a splendid history of the region .
At one point he tells of a council that may , or may not , have been the Council of Macon .
Gregory writes :
There came forward at this Council a certain bishop who maintained that woman could not be included under the term " man . "
However , he accepted the reasoning of the other bishops and did not press his case for the holy book of the Old Testament tells us that in the beginning , when God created man , " Male and female he created them and called their name Adam , " which means earthly man ; even so , he called the woman Eve , yet of both he used the word " man . "
So what the bishops discussed was the meaning of a word , not the substantial issue of whether women have souls .
Leyser was inventing stories .
His untruths were taken up by Pierre Bayle , a Dutch Calvinist with a marked distaste for the Catholicism to which he had once adhered .
Bayle brought the matter further by writing in his Dictionnaire : " What I think yet more strange is to find that in a Council it has been gravely proposed as a question whether women were human creatures , and that it was determined affirmatively [ only ] after a long debate . "
Early in the nineteenth century a certain M. Aime - Martin wrote a touching book on The Education of Mothers in which he recorded sorrowfully that " people had gone so far as to doubt the existence of their souls . "
Politicians , as is their way , saw an opportunity , and the French National Assembly , no less , deplored the Church 's insult to women .
Later still the myth appeared in English in a journal titled John Bull , published by Horatio Bottomley , a fraudster Member of the British Parliament who would soon end in jail .
The myth was by now securely established , and will no doubt be retailed as confidently in the future as it has been in the past .
If the first casualty of war is the unwelcome truth , the first weapon of the discontented is the welcome lie .
There is a common response to America among foreign writers : the USA is a land of extremes where the best of things are just as easily found as the worst .
This is a cliché .
But it is often hard to argue with when surveying America 's political and cultural landscape .
America has some of the worst urban sprawl in the world and also the most beautiful and well - protected wildernesses .
Its politics is awash with lobbyist inspired corruption .
Yet passionate political engagement among millions of Americans puts many other countries to shame .
Culturally American TV can plunge depths that are hard to imagine .
Yet at the same time commercial channels such as HBO produce the best dramas , documentaries and comedies in the world .
Its media boasts celebrity tabloids including People and the National Enquirer , yet the New Yorker and Harpers and Atlantic Monthly are examples of its magazines which invest in quality journalism that no publication in Britain can match .
So in this land of black and white , we should not be too surprised to find some of the biggest gaps between rich and poor in the world .
Such a yawning chasm is just the American Way , it would seem .
Besides , the American Dream offers a way out to everyone .
All someone has to do is work hard and climb the ladder towards the top .
No class system or government stands in the way .
Sadly , this old argument is no longer true .
Over the past few decades there has been a fundamental shift in the structure of the American economy .
The gap between rich and poor has widened and widened .
As it does so , the ability to cross that gap gets smaller and smaller .
This is far from business as usual but there seems little chance of it stopping , not least because it appears to be government policy .
Over the past 25 years the median US family income has gone up 18 percent .
For the top one percent , however , it has gone up 200 percent .
A quarter of a century ago the top fifth of Americans had an average income 6.7 times that of the bottom fifth .
Now it is 9.8 times .
Inequalities have grown worse in different regions .
In California , home to both Beverly Hills and the gang - ridden slums of Compton , incomes for lower class families have fallen by four percent since 1969 .
For upper class families they have risen 41 percent .
This has led to an economy hugely warped in favour of a small slice of very rich Americans .
The wealthiest one percent of households now control a third of the national wealth .
The wealthiest 10 percent control two - thirds of it .
This is a society that is splitting down the middle and it has taken place against a backdrop of economic growth .
Between 1980 and 2004 America 's GDP went up by almost two - thirds .
But instead of making everyone better off , it has made only a part of the country wealthier , as another part slips ever more into the black hole of the working poor .
There are now 37 million Americans living in poverty , and at 12.7 percent of the population , it is the highest percentage in the developed world .
Yet the tax burden on America 's rich is falling , not growing .
The top 0.01 percent of households has seen their tax bite fall by a full 25 percentage points since 1980 .
That was when ' trickle down ' economics began , arguing that the rich spending more would benefit everyone as a whole .
But America 's poor have simply been getting poorer : clearly that theory has not worked in reality .
And still the American government is set on tax breaks for the rich .
Bush 's first - term tax cuts notoriously benefited the upper strata of American taxpayers .
So much so that even Warren Buffet , the second richest man in the world who benefited to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars , has said the tax cuts ' scream of injustice ' .
As head of a hugely successful investment firm , it is hard to paint Buffet as a lefty liberal who hates Wall Street ( though , bizarrely , some conservatives do try ) .
Still the tax cuts go on .
This week one of the main political debates in Washington has been about scrapping the ' estate tax ' whereby those who inherit large amounts from their relatives will be taxed on it .
This overwhelmingly affects the wealthy .
The estate tax is already set so high ( $ 4 m ) that only one in 200 estates pay any tax at all when they are inherited .
Unlike the UK's inheritance tax , which affects more and more Britons as house prices increase , this is not a problem faced by Joe and Jennifer Public .
Yet the White House and many politicians , overwhelmingly Republican , want to get rid of it .
The lobbying campaign against it has been financed mostly by 18 business dynasties , including the family that owns WalMart .
At the same time the Bush administration has sanctioned millions of dollars of cuts to Medicare , Medicaid and the education budget as part of a measure aimed at reducing the spiraling deficit .
This is , frankly , obscene .
The effect of all this has been to scotch that long - cherished notion of the American Dream : that honest toil is enough to reap the rewards and let even the poorest join the middle class , or maybe even strike it rich .
A survey last year showed that such economic mobility ( a measure of those people trying to make the Dream come true ) was lower in America than Canada , Germany , Norway , Denmark , Sweden and Finland .
In fact , the only country doing as bad as America was Britain ( food for thought , there ) .
Now this is not some argument against capitalism .
Inequality is inevitable .
It is a good thing .
People need incentives .
People need competition .
People need markets .
Some people will always be poor .
Others deserve to be rich .
But at the moment it looks like the rules of the game are being fixed in America in favour of the wealthy .
The gap between rich and poor will only get wider .
That is very dangerous .
Do n't just take my word for it .
Take Buffet's .
After all he does n't have anything to gain from criticising current policy .
In fact he has hundreds of millions of dollars to lose .
' If class warfare is being waged in America , ' he has written ' My class is clearly winning . '
When even the rich are starting to think they are getting too many tax cuts , then you know something has gone very wrong .
The Dow had a downer today , losing 2.3 % .
Not one of its best , for sure .
But headline writers had a field day as they dug deep into their kit -bags of metaphors .
Following Sneaky Business ' observations on Google earlier in the week , we feel obligated to share some of the more dramatic headlines that have graced the web during the last few hours .
Sit back and enjoy :
Now the real dilemma , of course , is what to write if the Dow falls even further tomorrow .
Headline writers may be forcing themselves into a corner by describing a 2 % drop as a " plunge " .
Once there they face an ever increasing vicious circle of adjectives that may just mushroom out of control .
We shall see .
RELATED RESOURCES
Learn more about how Lytx can support your business and your drivers .
Adding video to your vehicles requires policy change for your drivers and your business culture .
We ’ve created a wealth of resources to support our customers throughout the process .
All Resources
U.S. intelligence recently undertook a “ significant ” covert action without notifying Congress , as required by law , the House Intelligence Committee disclosed in a new report on the 2008 intelligence authorization bill .
“ The Committee was dismayed at a recent incident wherein the Intelligence Community failed to inform the Congress of a significant covert action activity .
This failure to notify Congress constitutes a violation of the National Security Act of 1947 . ”
“ Despite agency explanations that the failure was inadvertent , the Committee is deeply troubled over the fact that such an oversight could occur , whether intentionally or inadvertently . ”
“ The Committee firmly believes that scrupulous transparency between the Intelligence Community and this Committee is an absolute necessity on matters related to covert action . ”
In response to this lapse , the Committee adopted a provision in its authorization bill that would require the CIA Inspector General to audit each covert action program at least once every three years .
The pending bill is “ the single largest intelligence authorization bill ever written by the Committee , ” according to a May 2 news release ( pdf ) .
The new intelligence authorization report describes new reporting requirements on the role of contractors in U.S. intelligence , Member concerns regarding intelligence policy in Iraq and domestic surveillance , defects in intelligence acquisition programs , and the evolution of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence .
“ The recent 100 - day agenda released by the DNI contained a great deal of bureaucratic verbiage but failed to articulate a clear and compelling plan for addressing chronic problems plaguing the Intelligence Community , such as deficiencies in foreign language capability , lack of diversity , information - sharing impediments , overclassification , and the lack of common security clearance practices , ” the report said .
The bill does not include changes to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act sought by the Administration .
“ Before the Committee will support any change to existing law , it is essential that the President provide some measure of assurance that were he to sign a bill modifying FISA into law , he would agree to be bound by it , ” the report stated .
In minority views appended to the report , Republican members criticized the Committee endorsement of an intelligence role in assessing the impact of global warming , and other Committee judgments .
See Report on the Intelligence Authorization Act for FY 2008 , House Report 110 - 131 , May 7 .
One good way to highlight how stupid “ accepted wisdom ” can be is to transpose the situation into a different setting and see how ridiculous it looks .
This week I ’ve been imagining software project management being applied on the Titanic .
Because the project I ’m working on hit a big fucking iceberg .
The basic situation is the company I work for has bought a big software package .
The vendor submitted a fixed price tender to supply , configure and install the software .
Fixed price contacts sound great in concept but anyone who ’s dealt with them knows their shortcoming .
Whether you ’re building a house or installing software , there are always things you did n’t allow for .
You , the buyer , want these things when they come to light and the supplier says “ Sure , you can have that but it ’s a change to the contract which means I have to charge you more . ”
One of three things happens now :
You do n’t get what you want so you ’re dissatisfied with the end result
You pay more so you ’re dissatisfied with the final cost
You have a big fight over whether or not this is a change and the relationship becomes really adversarial which is no fun for anybody
We seem to be stuck with outcome 3 .
And as the Business Analyst I ’m stuck in the middle of the business Project Manager and the vendor Project Manager .
I ’ve been imagining the scenario playing out on the Titanic as follows :
ME : Iceberg , dead ahead !
Business PM : Quick , get us past the iceberg .
Vendor PM : There was no mention of icebergs in the contract .
BPM : So what ?
There ’s an iceberg there now , we have to deal with it .
VPM : We can deal with the iceberg but we ’ll have to charge you for a change request .
BPM : But the owners wo n’t agree to pay any more .
They wanted you to steer the ship for a fixed price .
VPM : But there were no icebergs in the original plan .
It ’s going to take time to deal with it and we ’ll have to charge you for it .
You ’ll have to document what you want us to do .
BPM : I ca n’t believe you ’ve never encountered icebergs in any of your other ships , what did you do in similar situations ?
VPM : I talked to the owner and he was clear he wanted the ship to reach its destination as quickly as possible so we configured the navigation differently .
Do n’t you have any existing processes for dealing with icebergs ?
ME : Kind of .
People just do whatever ’s required to deal with situations as the come up .
There are some guidelines like “ do n’t hit icebergs ” but there ’s no detailed instructions .
That ’s why we hired you , for your expertise .
VPM : We can come up with a solution but we ’ll have to bill you for the time .
BPM : There are other cruise lines thinking of installing similar systems on their ships but they ’re waiting to see how things turn out for us .
Is n’t it more important to your future to deliver a good result to us than to screw every possible dollar out of us here and now ?
VPM : But I ca n’t keep ordering my engineers to do more and more work when we signed on for a fixed price .
I have no more money to pay them .
ME : Oh shit !
The iceberg just ripped a big hole in the hull .
We ’re sinking .
BPM : You have to help us now or we ’ll all sink together .
VPM : We have to agree on a change request first .
ME : You two go off and have a meeting then , leave me out of it .
BPM : What are you going to do ?
ME : I ’m going to throw myself into the icy water and hope I die quickly .
Researchers from the University of Warwick , and University College London , have found that lack of sleep can more than double the risk of death from cardiovascular disease .
However they have also found that point comes when too much sleep can also more than double the risk of death .
In research to be presented on Monday 24th September 2007 , to the British Sleep Society , Professor Francesco Cappuccio from the University of Warwick ’s Warwick Medical School will show the results of a study of how sleep patterns affected the mortality of 10,308 civil servants in the “ Whitehall II study ” .
Amongst other things the data they used provided information on the mortality rates and sleep patterns on the same group of civil servants at two points in their life ( 1985 - 8 and those still alive in 1992 - 3 ) .
The researchers took into account other possible factors such age , sex , marital status , employment grade , smoking status , physical activity , alcohol consumption , self - rated health , body mass index , blood pressure , cholesterol , other physical illness etc .
Once they had adjusted for those factors they were able to isolate the effect that changes in sleep patterns over 5 years had on mortality rates 11 - 17 years later .
Taking those who had not made any change in their sleeping habits between 1985 - 8 and 1992 - 3 as their baseline ( 7 hours per night being the figure normally recommended as an appropriate period of sleep for an adult ) they were able to see what difference having reduced the amount of sleep over time made to mortality rates by 2004 .
Those who had cut their sleeping from 7hours to 5 hours or less faced a 1.7 fold increased risk in mortality from all causes , and twice the increased risk of death from a cardiovascular problem in particular .
Professor Francesco Cappuccio from the University of Warwick ’s Warwick Medical School will say to the British Sleep Society :
“ Fewer hours sleep and greater levels of sleep disturbance have become widespread in industrialised societies .
This change , largely the result of sleep curtailment to create more time for leisure and shift - work , has meant that reports of fatigue , tiredness and excessive daytime sleepiness are more common than a few decades ago .
Sleep represents the daily process of physiological restitution and recovery , and lack of sleep has far - reaching effects . ”
Curiously the researchers also found that too much sleep also increased mortality .
They found that those individuals who showed an increase in sleep duration to 8 hours or more a night were more than twice as likely to die as those who had not changed their habit , however , predominantly from non-cardiovascular diseases .
Professor Francesco Cappuccio says :
“ Short sleep has been shown to be a risk factor for weight gain , hypertension and Type 2 diabetes sometimes leading to mortality but in contrast to the short sleep - mortality association it appears that no potential mechanisms by which long sleep could be associated with increased mortality have yet been investigated .
Some candidate causes for this include depression , low socioeconomic status and cancer - related fatigue . ”
“ In terms of prevention , our findings indicate that consistently sleeping around 7 hours per night is optimal for health and a sustained reduction may predispose to ill - health . ”
Note for Editors :
The research paper entitled : “ A prospective study of change in sleep duration ; associations with mortality in the Whitehall II cohort ” will be published in the Journal SLEEP ( it is already available in the online version of the journal ) , and the full list of the authors is : Jane E. Ferrie , Martin J. Shipley , Francesco P. Cappuccio , Eric Brunner , Michelle A. Miller , Meena Kumari , and Michael G. Marmot .
For further information please contact :
Professor Francesco Cappuccio , Warwick Medical School ,
University of Warwick
F.P.Cappuccio@warwick.ac.uk
He can also be contacted via Peter Dunn below :
Peter Dunn , Press and Media Relations Manager ,
Communications Office ,
University of Warwick , Coventry CV4 7AL
024 76 523708 email : p.j.dunn@warwick.ac.uk
PR82 PJD 24th Sept 2007
This topic takes me back to some of the “ good old days ” of when I was a C programmer .
I found “ Top 10 Ways to be Screwed by the C programming language ” , by Dave Dyer , on reddit .
As I read through it I got a chuckle .
Here were some good ones .
Note : none of the code examples display carriage - returns in strings that are printed .
For whatever reason my blog software has a real problem with them .
Accidental assignment / Accidental Booleans if ( a=b ) c ; /* a always equals b , but c will be executed if b!=0 */
Depending on your viewpoint , the bug in the language is that the assignment operator is too easy to confuse with the equality operator ; or maybe the bug is that C does n’t much care what constitutes a boolean expression : ( a=b ) is not a boolean expression !
( but C does n’t care ) .
No , this was not a bug in the language .
It ’s working the way it was intended .
Fundamentally , C has a simple structure .
Part of that is you can evaluate expressions just about anywhere , no matter what type they are .
It works the same way in for - loops :
int i ; for ( printf ( " Starting processes " ) , i = 0 ; ExecuteProcess ( i ) && i < 6 ; printf ( " Processes executed successfully " ) , i++ ) ;
In this example , ExecuteProcess ( ) returns 0 for failure or a non -zero value for success .
That ’s how it determines “ true ” and “ false ” .
0 == “ false ” .
The example above will work .
It ’s hackerish , and it ’s something I tried to avoid doing in my own code just to avoid confounding others , but the language designers wanted to allow this .
The way they saw it , a for - loop was just a “ form ” that had an initialization step , a test , a code block that would get executed ( if you put one in –the fact that I did n’t is intentional ) , and a post - execution step .
You can pour whatever you want into these slots .
The if construct is no different .
In this way , C is a bit like Lisp , which has similar “ open- ended ” forms where you can put any sort of expression into the slots of constructs .
Closely related to this lack of rigor in booleans , consider this construction : if ( 0 < a < 5 ) c ; /* this " boolean " is always true ! */
Always true because ( 0 < a ) generates either 0 or 1 depending on if ( 0 < a ) , then compares the result to 5 , which is always true , of course .
C does n’t really have boolean expressions , it only pretends to .
I forget when was the last time I ’d seen constructs like this that actually worked .
Maybe BASIC ?
It ’s useful , but he ’s right .
It wo n’t fly in C .
The reason is that it looks at r-values ( which is what the code inside the if statement is ) as an expression to evaluate .
Nothing more .
It does n’t consider the context .
As such , it evaluates expressions according to some rules .
A book I got years ago , called “ The C Programming Language ” , “ C : A Reference Manual ” , by Harbison and Steele , is an excellent book on C .
There was one page I went to more than any other .
It had a hierarchical list of all the operators you could use , and what precedence they had in relation to each other .
The higher up in the list , the higher their precedence .
Some operators were equal in precedence , in which case they ’d just be evaluated from left to right .
Dyer ’s example above is one such case .
Or consider this : if ( a =! b) c ; /* this is compiled as ( a = !b ) an assignment , rather than ( a != b ) or ( a == !b ) */
Yes , it ’s a typo .
What do you expect ?
I understand that in more modern languages , like C# ( maybe Java , too ) , this would ’ve been flagged .
I know in C# , it flags it if it sees an assignment inside a conditional statement .
I forget if it ’s just a warning or a syntax error .
Unhygienic macros # define assign ( a , b ) a=( char ) b assign ( x , y >> 8 ) becomes x=( char ) y >> 8 /* probably not what you want */
I did n’t get this example .
Yes , you have to be careful how you construct your macros so they fit the situations you intend to use them in .
Just common sense , if you ask me .
Just rewrite the macro like so : “ # define assign ( a , b) a=( char ) ( b ) ” .
So for , “ assign ( x , y >> 8 ) ” you ’ll get “ x=( char ) ( y > > 8 ) ” .
That was n’t so hard , was it ?
Mismatched header files
Suppose foo.h contains : struct foo { BOOL a} ; file F1.c contains # define BOOL char #include " foo.h " file F2.c contains # define BOOL int #include " foo.h " now , F1 . and F2 disagree about the fundamental attributes of structure “ foo ” .
If they talk to each other , You Lose !
This is just undisciplined coding at work .
The place to define a value like BOOL is in something like a types.h file .
You would then include that file inside foo.h .
This way , whenever you include foo.h , you also get a consistent BOOL type built into the inclusion .
Unpredictable struct construction
Consider this bit packing struct : struct eeh_type { uint16 size : 10 ; /* 10 bits */ uint16 code : 6 ; /* 6 bits */ } ; Depending on which C compiler , and which “ endian ” flavor of machine you are on , this might actually be implemented as < 10 - bits ><6- bits > or as < 6- bits >< 10 - bits >
Also , again depending on the C compiler , machine architecture , and various mysterious preference settings , the items might be aligned to the nearest 8 , 16 , 32 , or 64 bits .
So what matters ?
If you are trying to match bits with a real world file , everything !
Need another way to lose big ?
How about this : Rect foo = { 0,1,2,3} ; // assign numbers to // the first four slots
You may think you know what those four slots are , but there ’s at least an even chance you ’ll have to discover the hard way if the structure ever changes .
Indefinite order of evaluation ( contributed by Xavier @ triple - i.com ) foo( pointer -> member , pointer = & buffer [ 0 ] ) ;
Works with gcc ( and other compilers I used until I tried acc ) and does not with acc .
The reason is that gcc evaluates function arguments from left to right , while acc evaluates arguments from right to left .
K&R and ANSI / ISO C specifications do not define the order of evaluation for function arguments .
It can be left - to - right , right - to - left or anything else and is “ unspecified ” .
Thus any code which relies on this order of evaluation is doomed to be non portable , even across compilers on the same platform .
This is n’t an entirely non controversial point of view .
Read the supplementary dialog on the subject .
[ link does not work — Mark ]
A fundamental misunderstanding of C I ’ve seen occasionally is programmers not recognizing that it ’s just a higher level assembly language .
This goes for Dyer ’s complaint about “ fake booleans ” as well .
If you really want to grok why C does what it does , check out an assembly language sometime .
ANSI C might ’ve helped alleviate this misunderstanding some ( or maybe it just created more confusion ) .
K&R C was the epitome of the “ higher level assembly language ” mindset .
It ’s the original C language , the one that Kernigan & Ritchie wrote ( hence the name ) .
It did n’t care about anything except for syntax .
It cared nothing for types , even though you had to specify them .
All types did for K&R C was tell it how much memory you wanted for a variable , and / or how big of an offset in memory you wanted between it and other variable values .
I do n’t know for sure , but I think it was the originator of the concept that an index into an array is just an offset into it , not an enumerator for its elements .
For example , back when I used it in college , an int was 16 bits ( 2 bytes ) , and it would allocate that on the stack for me , and keep track of its length , if I declared an int variable .
That was it .
It did n’t care what I put in it , just as an assembler would n’t check what type of value I put into a memory location .
If the compiler put adjacent fields in a struct into contiguous memory locations , it would allocate the necessary amount of memory for the struct by adding up the length of each variable specified in it , and then allocate the total amount for it .
If I referenced a field within that struct , it was just an offset and a length into that memory area .
Again , it did n’t care what type of value I put in it .
I discovered a couple years out of college that one could use this property of structs , even in ANSI C , to parse binary files .
To tell you the truth , I think structs and bit fields were made for this sort of thing .
Some example file reading code would be : “ fread ( &structVar , sizeof ( structType ) , 1 , fileHandle ) ; ” . fread ( ) ’s first parameter is of type void * , so it ’ll take anything as a blob of memory .
After this call , the struct variable is populated with data , and it ’s easy enough to parse it by just saying “ a = structVar.field1 ; ” .
Union types could also be used for parsing in memory .
In K&R C , if I defined a function , it ’d look like this :
SomeFunction ( arg1 , arg2 , arg3 ) int arg1 ; char * arg2 ; int arg3 ; {/* some code */}
All the type specifiers did was tell the compiler where the offsets in the stack frame were .
It cared nothing for types .
It did n’t even care how many arguments I passed in to the function !
I could ’ve passed an 8 - byte struct in for arg1 , and not filled in arg2 or arg3 , for all it cared .
I could ’ve accessed the first 2 bytes of my struct via .
arg1 , the next four bytes by arg2 ( pointers were 4 bytes then ) , and the next 2 by arg3 .
The reason being that my 8 - byte struct filled the stack frame the function was expecting .
The struct could ’ve been bigger .
It still would n’t have cared .
It would ’ve caused problems , because then I would ’ve had a stack overflow , but it did n’t watch for such things , just as an assembler would n’t have .
It was n’t even that necessary to declare the function in a header file .
If you called the function from another module , the linker would figure out what you wanted and just set up the call .
The one time you needed to declare a function in the header was if you had a circular reference , where Function A called Function B , which called Function A .
Maybe there was a point to this madness , but I know it drove even some very smart people nuts .
One possibility was you could use this property of functions to automatically do some of the work for you in separating a chunk of memory into pieces , so you could use the function arguments as a kind of template into it .
It ’s hackerish , again , but it would ’ve worked .
Anyway , continuing :
Easily changed block scope ( Suggested by Marcel van der Peijl ) if ( ... ) foo( ) ; else bar ( ) ; which , when adding debugging statements , becomes if ( ... ) foo( ) ; /* the importance of this semicolon can't be overstated */ else printf ( " Calling bar ( ) " ) ; /* oops !
the else stops here */ bar( ) ; /* oops ! bar is always executed */
There is a large class of similar errors , involving misplaced semicolons and brackets .
This is a programming 101 mistake .
Come on !
Put brackets around your code blocks , for cripes sake ! 🙂
I ’m getting the sneaking suspicion that the people complaining about this stuff are Python programmers .
I know Python determines code blocks via. indentation .
I personally find this a little dangerous , because while I ’m festidious about style , in a hurry , I sometimes just put aside code formatting to get something done , and then clean it up later .
Worrying about formatting slows you down .
Formatting does n’t matter to C , delimiters do .
Unsafe returned values ( suggested by Bill Davis < wdavis@dw3f.ess.harris.com > ) char * f ( ) { char result [ 80 ] ; sprintf ( result , " anything will do " ) ; return ( result ) ; /* Oops ! result is allocated on the stack .
*/ } int g( ) { char * p ; p = f( ) ; printf ( " f( ) returns : %s " , p ) ; } The “ wonderful ” thing about this bug is that it sometimes seems to be a correct program ;
As long as nothing has reused the particular piece of stack occupied by result .
Yeah , this is a mistake that ’s often made by beginners , if they do n’t understand stack dynamics that well .
He ’s right that sometimes this will work if nothing else happens to overwrite the stack .
But there is an easy way to overcome this bug : make “ result ” static in f ( ) .
This way it will never be overwritten .
Another method is to dynamically allocate the buffer for “ result ” ( make the “ result ” variable a pointer ) on the heap using malloc ( ) ( but you gotta remember to free “ p ” later in g ( ) ! ) .
This way , only the pointer in f( ) is destroyed , but the buffer will remain .
When you ’re writing in C or C++ , you have to be more concerned with how the computer is executing what you ’re going to write .
Undefined order of side effects .
( suggested by michaelg@owl .
WPI.EDU and others )
Even within a single expression , even with only strictly manifest side effects , C does n’t define the order of the side effects .
Therefore , depending on your compiler , I /++ I might be either 0 or 1 .
Try this : #include < stdio .h> int foo( int n ) { printf ( " Foo got %d " , n ) ; return ( 0 ) ; } int bar ( int n ) { printf ( " Bar got %d " , n ) ; return ( 0 ) ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int m = 0 ; int ( *( fun_array [ 3 ] ) ) ( ) ; int i = 1 ; int ii = i /++i ; printf ( " i/++i = %d , " , ii ) ; fun_array [ 1 ] = foo ; fun_array [ 2 ] = bar ; ( fun_array [ ++ m ] ) (++m ) ; } Prints either i/++ i = 1 or i/++ i=0 ;
Prints either “ Foo got 2 ” , or “ Bar got 2 ”
Yeah , this is a common problem with C/ C ++.
It ’s been there forever .
I took a brief course on C in college around 1991 .
One of the things the teacher explicitly had us try out was an example like this .
The moral of the story is never use l-value expressions ( an assignment like ++i ) inside of an r-value expression .
In other words do n’t do stuff like i/++ i unless you really understand the hardware .
You never know how it ’s going to come out .
The reason I was told this and other such weirdness exists in the language is the language designers wanted to make it possible for the compiler to optimize for the hardware .
This meant not locking down certain characteristics like this .
If you wanted to predict what the compiler for a particular hardware platform would do , you needed to understand how the CPU handled sequences of operators .
Utterly unsafe arrays
This is so obvious it did n’t even make the list for the first 5 years , but C ’s arrays and associated memory management are completely , utterly unsafe , and even obvious cases of error are not detected .
int this IsNuts [ 4 ] ; int i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 10 ; ++i ) { this IsNuts [ i ] = 0 ; /* Is n't it great ?
I can use elements 1 - 10 of a 4 element array , and no one cares */ }
Of course , there are infinitely many ways to do things like this in C .
Any decent instructional material on C would tell you to watch out for this .
Again , C is just a higher level assembly language .
No assembler would watch out for this , either .
If you ran this code on a Unix system , you ’d likely get a “ segmentation fault ” error ( the operating system would terminate the process ) .
Octal numbers ( suggested by Paul C. Anagnostopoulos )
In C , numbers beginning with a zero are evaluated in base 8 .
If there are no 8 ’s or 9’s in the numbers , then there will be no complaints from the compiler , only screams from the programmer when he finally discovers the nature of the problem .
int numbers [ ] = { 001 , // line up numbers for // typographical // clarity , lose big time 010 , // 8 not 10 014 } ; // 12 , not 14
Maybe this has changed .
What I remember is that octal numbers were formatted with a backslash in front ( I ca n’t represent it here ) .
There are all sorts of type markers like this in C and C ++.
Heck , do n’t start a number with 0x either , because that ’s a marker for a hexadecimal integer .
Do n’t put an “ f ” after a number , because that makes it floating - point , etc .
Fabulously awful “ standard libraries ” ( suggested by Pietro Gagliardi )
The default libraries in C are leftovers from the stone age of computing , when anything that worked was acceptable .
They are full of time bombs waiting to explode at runtime , For an example , look no further than the “ standard i/o library ” , which , amazingly , is still standard .
{ int a=1 , b=2 ; char buf [ 10 ] ; sscanf ( " %d %d " , a , b ) ; // do n't you mean &a , &b ?
Prepare to blow !
printf ( " this is the result : %d % d " ) ; // putting at least 20 characters in // a 10 character buffer // and fetching a couple random vars // from the stack .
}
I ran into this bug rather frequently because I did n’t use fscanf ( ) or sscanf ( ) that much .
It makes some sense , though , because C passes everything by value .
You have to pass in pointers to create “ out ” values .
The reason this fails is that functions like scanf ( ) and printf ( ) allow a variable number of arguments ( after the first one , which specifies formatting ) .
Since the value types could be anything , the language could not restrict what types were in the argument list .
Since variables are not references to objects , as in modern languages , but actual spots in physical memory , you had to distinguish what was a reference to a memory space ( a pointer ) , and what was an actual value in memory .
In this case , sscanf ( ) wants a reference to a spot in memory , but Gagliardi is passing it int’s .
Since C does not have runtime type checking , and since they ’re coming in through a var - arg list , sscanf ( ) cannot realize that it ’s not getting pointers .
It just has to assume that it ’s getting them .
In C++ , it would be possible for a function such as this to do run-time type checking on the parameters and throw an exception if they were n’t of the correct type .
I do n’t see this issue with var - args in C as a weakness in the standard library , but rather in the language .
Functions like this still exist with modern languages , but today ’s languages , with garbage - collected memory , use the concept of references to objects as the default , so there ’s less of a problem ( though it ’s still possible to throw a function like this a curveball by specifying a certain number of arguments in the format string , but passing in fewer arguments in the var - arg list ) .
All of this reminds me of why I ’ve sworn off programming in C as much as I can .
I understand it , but I ’ve grown beyond it .
C is still used extensively in open source programming , from what I hear .
I think in a way , C is returning to its roots .
It ’s good for writing things like operating systems , device drivers , and virtual machines , because those things need to interact with the hardware at an intimate level , and C certainly does n’t get in the way of that .
I programmed in C for a couple years in college , and then for another 4 years out in the work world , and I was mainly using it for writing utilities , applications , and servers .
In terms of software engineering for those things , it was n’t the best language , but back in the 90s , it ’s what a lot of places used for a while , before moving on to C ++.
I think the main reason it got picked was it represented a “ happy medium ” between high level abstraction and execution speed .
In the 80s , if you needed it to be fast , you wrote it in assembly language .
In the 90s , you wrote it in C . From my experience C++ did n’t get reasonably fast on the hardware available at the time until the late 90s .
Language compilers , interpreters , and VM environments are now written or translated into C , like Ruby , Java , . Net , and Squeak .
I ’m sure there are some others .
Squeak is a little unusual .
The source code for its VM is in Smalltalk , but that gets translated to C and then compiled to generate a new version of it .
In a way , C is becoming the new assembly language .
QR Code Link to This Post
Years ago , just before i transferred from Chemeketa to the U of O , i was in a pretty sad state -- sexwise , that is .
My problem was that i was n't pulling enough trim to keep my sexual desires satiated .
I was basically a walking boner machine , cranking out a product that nobody wanted .
Getting laid in high school was no problem : Back in the 90s girls would lift skirt as naturally as they would sneeze or yawn .
But when college and hence my 20s came around , something happened .
I can't put my finger in it , but i think it had something to do with the fact that women over 20 are n't impressed with things like how quickly you can shotgun a can of Milwaukee 's Best Ice .
So my first term at U of O was pretty much vadgeless , no matter what i tried .
Dyed my hair blonde , bought a new Merkur with the two spoilers , threw away all of my old Hypercolor T - shirts , even started ordering Cointreau Sidecars at the bar just to seem impressively pedantic .
Nothing worked , and I was just about ready to resign myself to life without poon .
But then one day a miracle happened .
I was walking back to my quad on 18th and Kincaid when i found something in the holly bushes out in front of the Lorax .
It was easily recognizable by the shape of the hardcase poking out from the foliage .
I opened up the case and saw that it was an accoustic guitar .
A beautiful guitar that said " Regent by Kramer " on the little stem thingie .
I placed the guitar back into the soft fluffy red fur that lined the hardcase and lugged it home .
I placed a lost and found ad in the Emerald and called it a night .
I did n't think it at the time , but that was pretty much the last night i would sleep without two soft milky - white breasts to bury my chin between .
The following day I decided to take the guitar with me to my CompLit 318 class because it was one of those once - a - week 6 - hour classes that was more like an independent study type of thing .
Just before reaching the corner of 17th and University , a girl named Alayne Mundtz walked up to me .
Her first words were , " Are you in a band ? "
I was so surprised that such a beautiful although shortish Jewish girl would walk up to a stranger on the street that i lied , " Yes .
Yes i am . "
By 9:30 that night , I was nose deep in Alayne .
She broke up with me about three weeks later ( when she finally realized that i did n't actually know how to play guiter ) , but that was okay because i was getting pretty sick of her anyway .
Two nights later , i brought the guitar to Max 's on 13th .
That 's where Jennifer D'Amico bought me four pints of Jubelale before taking me home .
She thought she was an " artist " and had all of these paintings of butterflies all over her bedroom .
I did n't care , though , because she was a box - shaver and that was the first time I 'd ever gone down on a hoo - ha sans hair .
She kicked me out of her apartment about a month later when she found out i was n't in a band , but -- again - - i was fine with that because i think i was allergic to her fabric softener .
That was pretty much how the rest of my college career went .
I got a BA in English Lit because i was happy to coast by on a 2.49 GPA , and about 30 notches on my headboard because of the guitar .
I moved to Portland after graduation , and the guitar - luck , of course , came with me .
I 've sprayed in all sorts of Portland girls thanks to this guitar : Indies , goths , trustafarians , hipsters , even a lesbian once from that time i lugged it up to the Egyptian Club on Division .
This instrument has been vital in both my sexual development and approximately seven abortions .
I wo n't even tell you about the time when i brought the guitar to the Planned Parenthood up in Northeast by the Wild Oats .
All I can say is that Planned Parenthoods are a ripe garden of fertile baby caves .
Best .
Blowjob .
Ever .
You may be wondering why i'm willing to part with this guitar , this chick magnet , this slit supplier .
Fair question .
I present my answer to you in two parts :
Firstly , i think it 's morally apprehensible to walk around town with a guitar case if the only reason you 're doing it is to moisten panties , especially if you 've never even bothered to learn how to play .
Secondly , and more importantly , I 've finally met a girl without the help of the guitar .
On one of the rare occassions that i forgot to bring out the chick magnet , i met a saucy little redhead at Paradox , and the carpets match the drapes if you know what i mean .
We 're engaged to be married .
I can pretty much guarantee that you 'll be swimming in muffpuddles by the end of the week if you buy this guitar , but i really do n't want to tell the fiancee about this so please do n't hesitate to take it off my hands .
The price is firm .
Do not be sad !
Catch a cat if you can ... ;-)
THE SOCIAL NORM OF LEAVING THE TOILET SEAT DOWN : A GAME THEORETIC ANALYSIS
The issue of whether the toilet seat should be left up or down after use seemingly generates a lot of passion among the parties concerned , however , scientific inquiries into the matter are almost non-existent .
Notable exceptions are Choi ( 2002 ) and Harter ( 2005 ) .
Choi ( 2002 ) argues that the rule of leaving the toilet seat down after use is inefficient in the sense that there is at least one other rule that outperform this rule .
The unit of analysis in Choi ( 2002 ) is the household and the efficient rule is defined as one that minimizes the total cost of toilet seat operations per household .
Choi ( 2002 ) does not model the issue as a situation of conflict , hence ignores the game theoretic aspects of the problem .
Harter ( 2005 ) models the situation as a cooperative game and proposes a contract that splits the costs of toilet seat operations evenly among the parties .
Both papers agree that the social norm of leaving the toilet seat down in inefficient in the sense that it does not minimize the total cost of toilet seat operations per household .
However , both papers fail to address an important concern :
If a female finds the toilet seat in a wrong position then she will most probably yell at the male involved .
This yelling inflicts a cost on the male .
Based on this omission , women may argue that the analysis in these papers is suspect .
In this paper , we internalize the cost of yelling and model the conflict as a non-cooperative game between two species , males and females .
We find that the social norm of leaving the toilet seat down is inefficient .
However , to our dismay , we also find that the social norm of always leaving the toilet seat down after use is not only a Nash equilibrium in pure strategies but is also trembling - hand perfect .
So , we can complain all we like , but this norm is not likely to go away .
All hope is not lost though .
An important issue regarding social norms is whether they are created to increase welfare .
Are they society ’s response to market failures ?
One such norm is tipping for service quality .
Azar ( 2003 ) has shown that the norm of tipping increases social welfare .
In this paper , we show conclusively that the social norm of leaving the toilet seat down after use decreases welfare and by doing that we hope to convince the reader that social norms are not always welfare enhancing .
Hence , there is a case for scientifically examining social norms and educating the masses about the fallacy of following social norms blindly .
The Structure of the Game
The basic ingredients of the game are the same as in Harter ( 2005 ) .
Where we differ from Harter ( 2005 ) is the explicit modeling of the costs of yelling .
Consequently , as will become clear shortly , our game is a non-cooperative game of conflict , whereas Harter ( 2005 ) models it as a cooperative game .
There are two people , one is a representative of the male species , call him John and the other is a representative of the female species , call her Marsha .
Initially , they live alone and separately .
Each has access to a separate restroom with one toilet .
They use this toilet for two operations ; # 1 and # 2 .
Marsha performs both with the seat in the down position whereas John performs # 1 with the seat in the up position and # 2 with the seat in the down position .
That means , he must change the seat position appropriately before performing the corresponding operation [ 1 ] .
Assume that the inconvenience cost of changing the seat position is C. Further assume that the need for # 1 arises with a probability p. Let ’s look at the average costs to John and Marsha :
The average cost to John as a bachelor
Doing # 1 this time when he did # 2 last time +
Doing # 2 this time when he did # 1 last time :
The average cost to Marsha as a bachelorette
Obviously 0 since she performs everything with the seat in the down position .
Now , consider the situation in which John and Marsha decide to cohabit and both use the same toilet .
This situation is popularly known as marriage [ 2 ] .
That changes things for the worse for both parties as far as the toilet operations are concerned .
John argues
‘ Why does it matter if the seat is up or down ?
Let ’s leave the seat in the position used . ”
Let ’s call that strategy J. Marsha fights back , “ It must be down or else . ”
Or she says , “ If you love me then you would leave the seat down . ”
Let ’s call this strategy M. Assume that both John and Marsha use the toilet with the same frequency .
The average cost to husband John from strategy J
Doing # 1 and the last user was Marsha +
Doing # 1 , the last user was John and he did # 2 +
Doing # 2 , the last user was John and he did # 1 :
The average cost to wife Marsha from strategy J
The last user was John and he did # 1 :
The marginal costs under strategy J
The average cost to husband John from strategy M
Doing # 1 :
The average cost to wife Marsha from strategy M
Obviously 0 .
The marginal costs under strategy M
We differ from Harter ( 2005 ) in the following :
From this point , Harter ( 2005 ) considers the situation as a cooperative game .
We differ and consider the situation as a 2 - player non-cooperative game with 2 strategies for each player .
Suppose Marsha ( following M ) goes to the toilet and finds the seat in the up position , consequently she yells at John inflicting a cost of D on him .
Assume that D >>C .
Table 1 shows the payoff matrix .
Table 1
As can be seen from table 1 , there are two Nash equilibria in pure strategies : ( J , J ) and ( M , M ) .
Proposition 1 : The equilibrium ( J , J ) is not trembling - hand perfect whereas the equilibrium ( M , M ) is trembling - hand perfect .
Proof :
Let e be a very small probability that Marsha trembles to M. Since D >>C , it follows that the Nash equilibrium ( J , J ) does not survive the trembling hand .
By a similar argument , the opposite conclusion is reached for the Nash equilibrium ( M , M ) .
Proposition 2 : The equilibrium ( M , M ) is inefficient compared to the equilibrium ( J, J )
Proof :
The total cost of strategy combination ( J , J ) is p2 x C .
The total cost of strategy combination ( M , M ) is higher : 2 x p2 x C .
Discussion and conclusions
For “ mankind ” , the analysis in this paper has the following appeal :
Once again , it has been found that the social norm of leaving the toilet seat down is inefficient ; hence , “ mankind ” may feel vindicated .
For “ womankind ” , the analysis in this paper is appealing for the following reason :
It has been shown that the social norm of leaving the seat down is a trembling - hand perfect equilibrium .
Hence , this norm is not likely to go away , at least in the near future .
References
Azar , Ofer H. ( 2005 ) , “ Who Do We Tip and Why ?
An Empirical Investigation , ” Applied Economics , 37 ( 16 ) , 1871 -1879
Choi , P. ( 2002 ) , “ Up or down ?
A male economist ’s manifesto on the toilet seat etiquette . ”
Michigan State Working Paper
Harter , R. , ( 2005 ) , “ A game theoretic approach to the toilet seat problem . ”
Science Creative Quarterly
The Irish readers among you pondering a radical change of career could do worse than consider this vacancy down at Dublin - based Global Fruit Co. Ltd , which is currently a bit short - handed in its banana - ripening department :
Trainee Assistant Banana Ripener Global Fruit Co. Ltd is the sole authorised distributor for Del Monte fresh produce in Ireland and is currently seeking an individual to join us as Trainee / Assistant Banana Ripener .
In this role you will be responsible for the ripening of bananas , stock control , customer continuity as well as the supervision of intake staff and forklift drivers .
The successful candidate will be computer literate with a good knowledge of Excel .
You will also possess good numerical skills and excellent organisational abilities .
As this is a unique role , previous experience is not necessary , but you must be dedicated , committed and willing to learn .
Full training will be provided .
Experience in the fruit business an advantage .
Well , when we were alerted to this - once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to break into the banana - ripening trade , we thought someone was having a laugh .
However , a quick peruse of Global Fruit 's website revealed that it does indeed ripen bananas , and that its " banana ripening managers have been fully trained and have over 40 years experience in ripening bananas " .
Splendid .
We now have an explanation for that well - known Dublin phrase which hitherto had no plausible provenance :
Pub landlord : Hello , mate .
How was the match on Saturday ?
Mick Micheál : Bloody awful - a bit like watching bananas ripen . ®
For a lot of Apple geeks , the love affair with Apple began at school , using an Apple II while playing Oregon Trail , the all - time best game where you could explore the wild west and see your whole family die of dysentery or snake bite , all before afternoon recess .
Silicon User has pulled together a fantastic article detailing the history of the Minnesota Educational Computing Consortium , creators of Oregon Trail , Number Munchers and Word Munchers .
Those were the titles that proved that Macs were good for playing games , even back then .
What I had n’t realized is that Apple enjoyed a very close relationship with the odd , government - owned corporation :
Throughout the 1980s , key individuals from Apple Computer attended MECC conferences as keynote speakers including Apple co-founder and then - Chairman Steve Jobs and Alan Kay ( an Apple fellow ) in 1982 , Flord Kvamme ( Executive VP of Sales at Apple ) in 1983 and in 1985 John Sculley , then - CEO of Apple .
Check it out and get nostalgic .
Educational computing for the masses | SiliconUser
Technorati Tags : history , oregon trail
The dollar has been weakening against the euro in recent weeks .
The greenback dropped below the psychologically - key $ 1.40 level against the euro , deepening recent losses .
Meanwhile , the Canadian dollar reached one - to - one parity with the US currency for the first time in 31 years .
A strong domestic economy and concerns about a US economic slowdown have led to the rally on Canada 's Loonie .
Dampen costs
The euro reached as much as $ 1.4099 in Thursday trading , its highest level since the single European currency was launched .
Hints of rate rises from the European Central Bank and stronger European growth have also boosted the euro 's value .
Analysts have said that the impact of the plunging dollar on European consumer and businesses may be mixed .
Eurozone consumers may benefit from cheaper prices for some imported goods , while input costs for eurozone firms may fall as oil , metals and many raw material prices are quoted in dollars .
However , while the strong euro may cut some import costs , it could also have a negative effect on exports as European - made goods become more expensive .
The US is Europe 's largest trading partner .
It could also hurt growth in Asia , with the US being the largest market for China , Korea , and other Asian exporters .
Dollar problems
The dollar has been weakening for some time .
The fundamental problem is the growing US trade deficit - now more than $ 700 bn - as the US economy has imported far more goods than it has exported .
This has long been seen as unsustainable , and in the long - run some kind of currency adjustment has been seen as both inevitable and desirable .
But the US central bank 's recent change in policy has accelerated the decline , because people who put their money in dollars no longer get such a high rate of return .
The Fed cut rates in order to stem problems in the US housing market , caused by an increase in the number of people defaulting on loans , which could cause an economic slowdown across the board .
A US economic slowdown could also hurt the dollar in the short - term , although it might also lower the trade gap as there could be less demand for foreign goods by US consumers .
Congress has begun putting pressure on colleges and universities in the US over piracy concerns .
Lawmakers sent " surveys " to the presidents of 19 universities in hopes of getting answers as to what the universities are doing to curb piracy on campus .
But the surveys were n't just to find out what 's being done , as House Judiciary Committee member Lamar Smith ( R - TX ) made a veiled threat to universities that do not provide satisfactory answers back to Congress .
" If we do not receive acceptable answers , Congress will be forced to act , " Smith said in a statement .
" The fact that copyright piracy is not unique to college and university campuses is not an excuse for higher education officials to fail to take responsible steps to eliminate such activity nor to appropriately sanction such conduct when discovered , " the letter reads .
The universities that received the letter and survey were :
Boston University
Columbia University
Duke University
Howard University
Michigan State University
North Carolina State University
Ohio University
Purdue University
Rochester Institute of Technology
University of California at Los Angeles
University of Massachusetts at Amherst
University of Massachusetts at Boston
University of Michigan
University of Pennsylvania
University of Nebraska at Lincoln
University of South Carolina
University of Tennessee
University of Wisconsin at Madison
Vanderbilt University
According to a copy of the letter as seen by Ars Technica , the universities in question were pulled from a pair of lists released by the RIAA and MPAA this year naming the top piracy schools in the nation .
The survey questions the schools on a wide range of topics , from a description of the procedure followed when receiving an infringement notice to a detailed list — starting in 2002 — of the number of students that have been involved with piracy .
Some questions were more leading , asking whether the institution offers discounts or site licensing for " legitimate online services , " whether the universities provide subsidized cable or satellite TV programming to students , and whether the universities agree with a statement made by a Purdue spokesperson in February , saying that the RIAA was " asking us to pursue an investigation and as the service provider , we do n't see that as our role . "
" We want to know exactly what they plan to do to stop illegal downloading on their campuses , " Smith continued in a statement .
" Universities have a moral and legal obligation to ensure students do not use campus computers for illegal downloading .
These schools do not give away their intellectual property for free , and they should not expect musicians to do so . "
The Committee gives the universities until May 31 to provide detailed answers to the questions , and claims that the answers will assist Congress in determining what legislation might need to be enacted to ensure that piracy is " no longer commonly associated with student life on some US campuses . "
However , whether the universities will actually respond is another matter .
While some universities have been quick to comply with requests from the RIAA and MPAA thus far , others have not .
Answering the thorny survey questions will force some universities to go on written record about their enforcement practices , which Congress will likely use against them in the future if those answers are deemed to be unacceptable .
Introduction – Best Free Android apps 2020
How is it going everybody Ceosmack here .
it ’s that time of the month we check out some amazing Android application for your device .
This is the most useful app for Android .
If you are interested then read the full Best Free Android apps 2020 article and enjoy it .
Best free Android apps ever
# 1. Ratio Launcher
It ’s a brand new ratio launcher which has this beautiful minimalist design .
Guy ’s it has a lot of cool features that you will not find any other launcher .
The front page you get all your applications and if you just press and hold on any app you will get all the details regarding the app store and uses time .
If you want you can also login application directly within this launcher .
If you want to open that particular app you need to unlock it using your fingerprint other than .
this whenever you receive a notification you will have this light blinking around that application which looks really really cool .
If you swipe right you will have for your visits like your current weather notes anyone and newsfeed .
Best Free Android apps 2020 this is very handy apart from this you can also create new app drawers and it has an option to change from light and dark theme .
As well all in all its very productive launcher definitely try it out .
Also read – Create website earn money online
Ratio Launcher
# 2. Pro Screens
If you love customization then you will definitely be going to love this pro screens app .
Basically this application provides you with reference to different home screen setup that you can easily apply on your smartphone .
If you really want to apply any of this home screen setup just app on it and then select it is here you will find all the details regarding the setup like from where you can download the wallpaper , icon pack visit and more .
Best Free Android apps it also has different categories of setups like I am late minimal natural light and dark home screen setups .
It ’s very good application and if you are customization freak like me then you must give this on a try .
Best Free Android apps 2020 .
Pro Screens
# 3 . Floating Bar
If you really want to enhance your multitasking experience .
This app is all you need this application allows you to access all your favourite apps music player quick toggles and even your favourite contacts from anywhere on your screen .
All have to do is just enable this app and then you can easily at your favourite applications music player , quick tools and your favourite contacts and websites .
As well done all this you will have a floating on the top of your screen with Alexa access .
Best Free Android apps your favourite apps you can take a screenshot turn on the torch light and even you can access your favourite websites will I know there are a lot of applications which has the same feature but this app works perfectly fine and it gets job done .
Also read – Best Android launchers in 2020
Floating Bar
# 4 . Ultra Volume
Ultra volume is the customisation tool which lets you replace your default volume slider with more unique and model looking design .
It gives you a variety of scince that you can choose .
Which also includes MI UI one UI colour OS and more or you have to do is just unlock all the permission which is required by this app and then you can easily apply .
which app asking that you like other than this it also allows you to change the position of this volume slider .
Best Free Android apps you can change your accent colour , background colour and there are so many customisation option that you will get inside this app .
The best part about this application is it does n’t require you to root your device and it is totally free to download .
Ultra Volume
# 5 . Metro polis
It is actually live wallpaper app which offer 3D live wallpapers of some amazing places that you can set as you like wallpapers .
When you open the app UC famous location mostly from North America if you want you can easily set any of any of this location as your live wallpaper .
Best Free Android apps the best part is that it also reacts to your touches .
If you just swipe left or right on your screen the screen will also rotate in animation to mature gestures only downside .
About this app is right now you will find only major cities of North America .
But still all these live wallpapers looks great on your home screen .
Metro Polis
Ratio Launcher – DOWNLOAD Pro Screens – DOWNLOAD Floating Bar – DOWNLOAD Ultra Volume – DOWNLOAD Metro Polis – DOWNLOAD
FAQs For Best Free Android apps 2020
Q1 . Is Blackmart safe ?
Is black mark safe ?
Despite BlackMart as the best Android App Store .
The application is not always safe to use .
In fact , most of the Android users are not aware of this alternative app store Blackmart Alpha on your device .
Here is everything you need to know about the BlackMart Alpha a Google Play Store alternative .
Q2 .
How do you get Android apps for free ?
BlackMart Alpha is an ultimate alternate app - store for Android users .
Unlike your conventional limited reserve of the Google Play Store , BlackMart APK has so much for its users to serve .
Blackmart 2020 App
Store is a perfect destination for the Android users to get their favorite Apps , Games , Mods and other tweak versions that they never found on Google Play Store or needed to pay the premium .
Q3 .
What is the most useful apps for Android ?
1 . Whatsapp
2. Camscanner
3. Google pay
4. YouTube
5. Call recording Q4 .
What are the best free phone apps ?
I already cover this topic .
If you are interested then click her and read which is the best free android apps .
Q5 .
What are the top 10 apps ?
1 . Whatsapp 5B + Downloads
2. YouTube 5B + Downloads
3. Facebook 5B + Downloads
4. Chrome 5B + Downloads
5. Meassanger 1B + Downloads
6. Tiktok 1B + Downloads
7. Snapchat 1B + Downloads
8. Pubg 100 M + Downloads
9. Free fire 100M + Downloads
10 . Call of duty 100M + Downloads Q6 .
Which app is trending now ?
1 . Tiktok
2. YouTube
3. Pubg
4. Snapchat
5. Instagram
Conclusion
Definitely out so that ’s pretty much advise these are some amazing applications for the month of june .
Every piece of information that I share comes after a through research so that you can get the best out of it .
If you have any suggestions , then feel free to ping me .
I ’d really appreciate your feedback and suggestions .
If you are not satisfied in this article then you can click here and know more about the best free Android apps 2020 .
By LARRY O’DELL , Associated Press Writer Sat Feb 24 , 6:11 PM ET
RICHMOND , Va. – Meeting on the grounds of the former Confederate Capitol , the Virginia General Assembly voted unanimously Saturday to express “ profound regret ” for the state ’s role in slavery .
Sponsors of the resolution say they know of no other state that has apologized for slavery , although Missouri lawmakers are considering such a measure .
The resolution does not carry the weight of law but sends an important symbolic message , supporters said .
“ This session will be remembered for a lot of things , but 20 years hence I suspect one of those things will be the fact that we came together and passed this resolution , ” said Delegate A. Donald McEachin , a Democrat who sponsored it in the House of Delegates .
The resolution passed the House 96- 0 and cleared the 40 - member Senate on a unanimous voice vote .
It does not require Gov. Timothy M. Kaine ’s approval .
The measure also expressed regret for “ the exploitation of Native Americans . ”
( More )
Science & Exploration
Hinode sees the dynamic and violent sun as sharply as never before
21/03/2007 1286 views 0 likes
Hinode , the newest solar observatory on the space scene , has obtained never - before - seen images showing that the sun 's magnetic field is much more turbulent and dynamic than previously known .
Hinode , Japanese for ' sunrise ' , was launched on 23 September 2006 to study the sun 's magnetic field and how its explosive energy propagates through the different layers of the solar atmosphere .
Solar flare viewed by Hinode " For the first time , we are now able to make out tiny granules of hot gas that rise and fall in the sun 's magnified atmosphere , " said Dick Fisher , director of NASA 's Heliophysics Division .
" These images will open up a new era of study on some of the sun 's processes that affect Earth , astronauts , orbiting satellites and the solar system . "
Hinode 's three primary instruments , the Solar Optical Telescope , the X-ray Telescope and the Extreme Ultraviolet Imaging Spectrometer , are observing the different layers of the sun .
Studies focus on the solar atmosphere from the photosphere - the visible surface of the sun , to the corona - the outer atmosphere that extends outward into the solar system .
' Chaotic dynamo ' discovered by Hinode Thanks to coordinated measurements from the three instruments , Hinode is already showing how changes in the structure of the magnetic field and the release of magnetic energy in the low atmosphere spread outward through the corona and into interplanetary space .
" The release of magnetic energy is at the base of space weather , " says Bernhard Fleck , ESA 's SOHO and Hinode Project Scientist .
" Complementing the SOHO data with those of Hinode will allow us to improve our understanding of the violent processes on the Sun that drive space storms .
The synergies between the two missions will clearly boost our space weather forecasting capabilities . "
Hinode 's view of the sun's ' chromosphere '
Space weather involves the production of energetic particles and the emissions of electromagnetic radiation .
These bursts of energy can black out long - distance communications over entire continents and disrupt the global navigational system .
" Hinode images are revealing irrefutable evidence for the presence of turbulence - driven processes that are bringing magnetic fields , on all scales , to the sun 's surface , resulting in an extremely dynamic chromosphere or gaseous envelope around the sun , " said Alan Title , a corporate senior fellow at Lockheed Martin , Palo Alto , California , and consulting professor of physics at Stanford University , Stanford , California .
Large flare seen by Hinode
By following the evolution of the solar structures that outline the magnetic field before , during and after these explosive events , scientists hope to find clear evidence to establish that magnetic reconnection – a process whereby magnetic field lines from different magnetic domains are spliced to one another and cause a reconfiguration of the magnetic field - is the underlying cause for this explosive activity .
Note for editors Major solar flare imaged by Hinode The Hinode mission , known as ' Solar - B ' before launch , is led by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) , and involves institutes in the United States ( coordinated by NASA ) , and in the United Kingdom ( coordinated by PPARC ) .
In partnership with the Norwegian Space Centre in Oslo , ESA is providing ground station coverage through the Svalbard Satellite Station , situated on the Norwegian Svalbard islands .
This is the only ground station in the world that can receive the satellite data for each of Hinode 's 15 daily orbits .
As a result of the ESA / Norway participation in Hinode , scientists from ESA 's member states will be given access to the satellite 's data .
These will be accessible via the European Solar - B Data Centre , which is being built at the Institute of Theoretical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo .
Hinode 's operations centre is located at JAXA 's facility in Sagamihara , Japan .
For more information Bernhard Fleck , ESA SOHO and Hinode Project Scientist
Email : bfleck @ esa.nascom.nasa.gov
Pål Brekke , Senior Advisor , Norwegian Space Centre
Email : paal.
brekke @ spacecentre.no
' I use my iPod to store medical images ' By Osman Ratib for CNN
Antoine Rosset and Osman Ratib created software that enables iPods to store and display medical images .
QUICKVOTE
Has technology changed your life for the better ?
Yes , most developments improve my quality of life Yes , but I would not want to see too much more change
No , technology has gone too far or View Results READ MORE STORIES LIFE - CHANGING TECH YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Medical Staff Geneva ( Switzerland ) Computer Software Human Technology or or Create Your Own GENEVA , Switzerland ( CNN ) -- Osman Ratib , professor and chief of nuclear medicine at the University Hospital of Geneva , has co-created a computer software program called Osirix .
It enables medical professionals to view medical images on their iPods , saving them and the hospitals they work for thousands of dollars in expensive equipment .
A year and a half ago , Antoine Rosset , another radiologist and software developer , and I decided to develop software for physicians to view medical imaging on personal computers .
Radiology has moved from traditional X - rays to scanners to multi-dimensional imaging , 4D and 5D images , which is moving imagery in 3D .
Medical imaging these days is much more than just looking at slices through the body -- it 's about looking at the body in motion , in function .
We 're dealing with images that are more than just 2D , black and white images .
The problem is equipment which can view and manipulate these images is not widely available .
It 's not just radiologists -- who usually have access to this sort of equipment -- who rely on images .
A whole lot of medical experts use evidence based on data and we need tools for that .
Existing tools are either too expensive , too complicated or are simply not available .
We wanted to create something for non-radiologists to use , for surgeons or general physicians to view images .
We chose to create the software for Macs , as it's no secret that they are known for their graphic ability .
They have huge processing power for 3D and 4D images .
CDs are n't big enough , memory sticks are not big enough , but I had my iPod , which has 40 GB of memory just there .
We rigged the software so that you can click to store the images on the iPod , and subsequently view them in Osirix directly from the iPod .
After we figured out that the iPods were a practical way of carrying these images , Apple brought out the photo iPod a few months later .
That meant the images could also be viewed on the devices .
Instead of the usual jpeg format , medical images are stored in a format called Diacom ( Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine ) so we had to create a function on the software that allowed the format to be modified so they could be visible on the iPod .
The software also incorporates Apple 's instant messaging system , iChat , so that other users of the system can see what you have on your screen , which means you can show images to colleagues remotely .
IChat may not always provide the best video - quality images , depending on the network bandwidth available , but it 's cheap and easy to use in comparison with the alternatives .
We can also use Apple 's Dot Mac system as a shared disc for storing images , for back up .
You pay $ 100 a year and you get 80 GB of space .
In the same way my mother can access photos of my children if I give her access to my personal Dot Mac system , my colleagues can access images of my patients .
There are things we have in place to ensure security and patient confidentiality .
There are rules to go by .
It 's not the tools that pose a security risk -- it 's the users .
The software has a function that enables the physician to strip the image of any personal data that identifies the person , like their name , their date of birth etc .
As long as that is done then it is a secure , anonymous system .
The software is open source so the code is available on the Net for people to hack and improve .
In our recent surveys we estimated that we have 6,000 active users worldwide .
The past two months showed an average of 200 downloads per day , with peaks up to 1,000 downloads per day when new versions were released .
It 's not rocket science but it 's taking something that 's been designed for the consumer market and using it for something that 's medically driven .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Discovery Channel Acquires Treehugger.com
For $ 10 Million
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Discovery means green business .
Leading up to the launch of their Planet Green network in 2008 , Discovery had appeared flush in original content , but not so heavy in terms of what they would project online .
In an incredible move , it ’s now been revealed that Treehugger.com — the number one green site on the Internet — has been acquired for a cool $ 10 million .
From the release ,
“ The deal brings TreeHugger . com ’s rich mix of news , blogs and advice to Planet Green and furthers Discovery ’s previously announced goal of developing original programming related to the environment , sustainable development , conservation and organic living .
In acquiring TreeHugger.com , Discovery is pursuing its multiplatform strategy of being the leading content provider across nonfiction genres around the world .
The transaction will not have a material impact on earnings in year one .
“ ‘ TreeHugger.com is a strategic complement to our digital media portfolio , aligning perfectly with Discovery ’s corporate values and the Planet Green initiative , ’ said Bruce Campbell , President , Digital Media , Emerging Networks and Business Development at Discovery Communications .
‘ Bringing TreeHugger.com into the Discovery family gives it the resources to continue doing what it does best : bringing green living to the masses . ' ”
After hearing the announcement , I had a quick second to speak with Graham Hill , founder of Treehugger .
Here ’s what he had to say regarding the acquisition , “ I ’m really excited .
Discovery is an awesome , international brand .
We love the people we have met so far and they have made the largest commitment by far of any media company towards green ; and it ’s all the way from the top of the company . ”
Click more for the full release :
SILVER SPRING , Md. – Discovery Communications , the number - one nonfiction media company , today announced the acquisition of the leading eco-lifestyle website , TreeHugger.com .
The interactive site becomes part of Discovery ’s global multiplatform initiative Planet Green , which includes the first 24/7 eco-lifestyle TV network launching in 50 million homes in early 2008 .
The deal brings TreeHugger.com ’s rich mix of news , blogs and advice to Planet Green and furthers Discovery ’s previously announced goal of developing original programming related to the environment , sustainable development , conservation and organic living .
In acquiring TreeHugger.com , Discovery is pursuing its multiplatform strategy of being the leading content provider across nonfiction genres around the world .
The transaction will not have a material impact on earnings in year one .
“ TreeHugger.com is a strategic complement to our digital media portfolio , aligning perfectly with Discovery ’s corporate values and the Planet Green initiative , ” said Bruce Campbell , President , Digital Media , Emerging Networks and Business Development at Discovery Communications .
“ Bringing TreeHugger.com into the Discovery family gives it the resources to continue doing what it does best : bringing green living to the masses . ”
“ Discovery Communications , with its global reach and high level of commitment to Planet Green , is launching the most significant effort in green media to date — and we ’re excited to be part of it , ” said Graham Hill , Founder of TreeHugger.com .
“ Discovery ’s worldwide presence via TV networks , websites and mobile services opens the way for us to reach a larger audience as we work to bring about major changes in the health of our planet .
This new partnership with the world ’s most trusted brand means we can better fulfill TreeHugger.com ’s mission , while remaining true to our vision . ”
Founded in 2004 with the mission of bringing green living to the masses , TreeHugger.com has emerged among the most successful ecologically oriented websites , with 1.4 million unique monthly visitors .
It has served over 50 million pages , has a vast archive of 13,500 posts , and is among the most recognized and linked - to green sites , as calculated by Google and Technorati .
TreeHugger.com , with its high - quality content created by a global network of knowledgeable and passionate green correspondents , has won numerous awards including a Webbie , a Vloggie and several nominations for Bloggies .
“ TreeHugger.com strengthens Discovery ’s 20 - year commitment to being the global leader in information and resources that empower consumers to make small changes that can have a big impact , ” said Eileen O’Neill , President and General Manager , Planet Green .
“ TreeHugger.com is going to contribute to the development of a multi- platform action - oriented green offering , which will include the launch of Planet Green ’s branded website later this year .
TreeHugger.com ’s unique voice is yet another way that Planet Green will be entertaining , educating and empowering . ”
Planet Green is Discovery Communications ’ global , cross -company initiative with a commitment to document , preserve and celebrate the planet , including the first 24 - hour TV network scheduled to launch in early 2008 .
Planet Green speaks to people who want to understand green living and to those who are excited to make a difference by providing tools and information to meet the critical challenge of protecting our environment .
About TreeHugger.com
TreeHugger.com is the leading media outlet dedicated to driving sustainability mainstream .
Partial to a modern aesthetic , it strives to be a one - stop shop for green news , solutions , and product information .
Its services include a blog , weekly and daily newsletters , video segments , a weekly radio show and a user - generated site , Hugg.com .
About Discovery Communications
Discovery Communications is the number - one nonfiction media company reaching more than 1.5 billion cumulative subscribers in over 170 countries .
Through TV and digital media , Discovery ’s 100 - plus worldwide networks include Discovery Channel , TLC , Animal Planet , The Science Channel , Discovery Health and Discovery HD Theater .
Discovery Communications is owned by Discovery Holding Co. ( NASDAQ : DISCA , DISCB ) , Advance / Newhouse Communications and John S. Hendricks , Discovery ’s founder and chairman .
For more information , please visit www.discoverycommunications .com .
US plans massive arms deal for Saudis RAW STORY
Published : Friday July 27 , 2007
Print This Email This Congress will be asked by the Bush Administration to approve $ 20 billion in advanced weapons and planes for Saudi Arabia , at the same time that Israel , along with Congress , are nervous about Saudi Arabia 's role in the war effort , the New York Times will report Saturday .
The US hopes to have assuaged this by offering Israel an aid package totaling $ 30.4 billion over the next ten years .
# EXCERPTS : But administration officials remain concerned that the size of the package and the advanced weaponry it contains , as well as broader concerns about Saudi Arabia 's role in Iraq , could prompt Saudi critics in Congress to oppose the package when Congress is formally notified about the deal this fall .
In talks about the package , the administration has not sought specific assurances from Saudi Arabia that it will be more supportive of the U.S. effort in Iraq as a condition of receiving the arms package , the officials said .
The officials said the plan to bolster the militaries of Persian Gulf countries is part of a U.S. strategy to contain the growing power of Iran in the region and to demonstrate that , no matter what happens in Iraq , Washington remains committed to its longtime Arab allies in the region .
" The role of the Sunni Arab neighbors is to send a positive , affirmative message to moderates in Iraq in government that the neighbors are with you , " a senior State Department official told reporters in a conference call on Friday .
More specifically , the official said , the United States wants the Gulf states to make clear to Sunni Arabs engaged in violence in Iraq that such actions are " killing your future . "
#
The entire New York Times article can be read HERE .
An artist 's conception of colorful plants on distant worlds .
A new study finds otherworldly vegetation could be red , orange or yellow .
If trees grow on other planets , their leaves might be red , orange or yellow , and not only in autumn , scientists say .
Two new studies detailed in the March issue of the journal Astrobiology find that the color of a planet 's photosynthetic organisms depend on the type of star the world orbits and the makeup of its atmosphere .
" You have a particular spectrum which is affected by the star 's surface temperature , but once that light comes down through the atmosphere , the atmosphere filters that radiation , " said study team member Victoria Meadows of the Virtual Planet Laboratory ( VPL ) at Caltech .
For example , our Sun radiates most of its energy in the green part of the visible spectrum .
But ozone molecules in the Earth 's atmosphere absorb much of this green light energy , allowing other colors , especially red , to filter through to the ground .
Why plants are green
This could explain why chlorophyll absorbs mostly red and blue light and reflects green light , the researchers say .
" Ozone filters out some of the blue - green radiation , so there 's less of that available at the surface of the planet , " Meadows told SPACE.com .
Alternative explanations have also been proposed for the greenness of plants .
One idea , called the purple Earth hypothesis , states that chlorophyll does n't absorb green light because it appeared after another pigment , called retinal , was already present and it had to settle for the " leftover " wavelengths that were not being absorbed .
The researchers reached their conclusions after analyzing 12 different kinds of light - sensitive pigments , including chlorophyll , that organisms on Earth use to harness the Sun 's energy .
Plant biosignatures
The researchers want to use their findings to guide the search for plant life on other worlds .
To that end , Meadows ' team at VPL entered the results of the pigment analysis study into a computer simulation that predicts what the light from a distant planet containing photosynthetic organisms will look like to space telescopes .
For example , in addition to reflecting back visible green light , organisms on Earth that use chlorophyll for photosynthesis also reflect near infrared light .
This reflected light can be seen from space and is called the " red edge . "
The new findings suggest photosynthetic organisms on other planets might not produce a red edge , but some other biosignature instead .
The researchers want to figure out what those alternative biosignatures might be .
" We 're coming up with rules so that we can say more confidently what is photosynthesis when looking at spectra from these planets , " said study leader Nancy Kiang , a biometeorologist at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York .
Search for life
Whether or not scientists find life on distant worlds could depend on these rules .
" When we look at these faraway planets , we 're not going to be able to spatially resolve them .
We wo n't be able to see continents and oceans , " Meadows said .
" Everything we must learn about that planet will be in a single dot of light . "
Already , the researchers think they can already make certain generalizations about photosynthesis in the universe at large .
It 's unlikely , for example , that plants on alien worlds will be blue .
" It appears that harvesting blue light is very common across the board for photosynthetic organisms " on Earth , Kiang said in a telephone interview .
" I think it is unlikely that anything will be blue . "
Welcome to Alabama Atheist - Fighting the Myths , Misconceptions , and Misunderstandings
Why do people misunderstand Atheism ?
There are many myths , misconceptions , and misunderstandings that people have about Atheists and Atheism .
Blair Scott
Blair Scott : Alabama Atheist
I did not come up with the idea of AlabamaAtheist .
Org to deconvert anyone .
The purpose of AlabamaAtheist .
Org is to educate about Atheism and Atheists .
It is my hope to eliminate preconceived biases about Atheism and Atheists , which have persisted throughout history and into modern times .
Through editorials , articles , debate and addressing common questions people have about Atheism and Atheists , I hope to dispel those very myths , misconceptions , and misunderstandings .
I want this to be easy .
Visitors should not need a doctorate in philosophy or theology to understand the concepts I present , so I will do my best to write in lay terms .
Clearly there will be some subjects where that will be harder to do , but I promise I will do my best to make this is easy as possible .
Most of my answers are geared toward Christianity because I live in a predominantly Christian country .
My biggest “ fan base ” are Christian proselytizers emailing me warnings of Hell and damnation ( often laced with hate and death threats ) .
It is rare that non-Christian religions contact me .
I am open to comments , suggestions , questions , or rebuttals .
If you have anything to submit , then please do so by sending me an email .
Because of the volume of email I receive I may not be able to respond , but I do read every email I receive .
I am the Communications Director , National Affiliate Director , and Alabama State Director for American Atheists , Inc . I am a staff writer for American Atheist Magazine and I manage and moderate the NoGodBlog .
My co-host Tom Hand and I run The Critical Eye Podcast .
In addition , I am the Founder and Public Relations Director for the North Alabama Freethought Association based in Huntsville , Alabama .
Thanks for visiting !
In reason ,
Blair Scott
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Bush , Islamic Fascism and the Christians of Jounieh
Bush is on vacation , his favorite place to be during a major crisis .
The August retreat is the only open admission he makes that Cheney and Rumsfeld are actually running the country , and he just does n’t need to be in his office .
The only difference between his stonewalling of Lebanon and the way he let New Orleans drown is that he has put away the banjo this summer , at least in public view .
He had someone tie a necktie on him and stopped manically clearing brush for long enough to come out with Condi and hold a press conference .
He lied , saying that no one wants to see the violence continue .
He wants to see the violence continue .
Otherwise he would insist on a ceasefire .
You see , if you do n’t have a ceasefire , the violence continues .
If you oppose a ceasefire , you are saying you want the violence to continue .
He does .
Then he tried to explain the war in Lebanon by saying this ,
‘ They try to spread their jihadist message — a message I call , it ’s totalitarian in nature — Islamic radicalism , Islamic fascism , they try to spread it as well by taking the attack to those of us who love freedom . ‘
There are many problems with this passage .
The first is that the Israelis are not confining themselves to bombing Muslim radicals .
They dropped 3000 bombs on Aitaroun in a single day .
They are leveling the towns of the south altogether .
They are hitting people who are not Muslim fascists .
In fact , they are hitting Christian areas such as Jounieh .
( I do n’t think this bridge is there any more . )
Jounieh is the sort of place that had “ Oriental Dance ” festivals .
It is the kind of place where they play the pop music of Lebanese singer Nancy Ajram in the nightclubs .
A videoclip is at YouTube .
Not only have the Israelis bombed out the bridges at Jounieh , destroying the local economy and harming the Christians there , but their air raid on the Jiyye oil refinery has caused an enormous ecological disaster and the ruining of the beach resorts along the coast .
So much for Jounieh and its “ Islamic fascists . ”
I guess that will show them .
( The oil spill also threatens Cyprus and Turkey ) .
The Israelis have also bombed Ashrafiyah , a Christian area of Beirut .
They have ruined Christian businesses– restaurants , nightclubs , retail shops , by destroying bridges , roads and ports and by killing tourism for years to come .
The Syrians , about whom the Bush administration complained so bitterly for their role in Lebanon , had actually protected the Lebanese Christians from the PLO back in the 1970s and never did to them a hundredth of the damage that Israel has now done .
I do n’t mean to suggest that one should only worry about Lebanon ’s Christians , who form 40 percent of the electorate .
The Shiite Muslims of the south have been subjected to collective punishment on a mass scale .
Whole towns and villages have been destroyed .
Nearly a million people are displaced and homeless .
The deliberate deportation or forcible transfer of a civilian population during war time is a crime against humanity , as is unnecessary expulsion of civilians from their homes .
Lebanon is a small country , with a population of only 3.8 million .
A fourth of the country is homeless !
That would be like a disaster that left 70 million Americans wandering around with just the shirts on their backs , living in shelters and schools , wondering where their next bite of food would come from , their homes in rubble , their lives destroyed .
In other times and places , the authorities in Jerusalem have complained about this sort of thing .
Relatively few Shiite Muslims of Lebanon are fascists of any sort .
There are all kinds of Shiites .
The father of the renowned entertainer Haifa Wahbi is Shiite .
A video clip is at YouTube .
Her paternal relatives now live in a place that looks like this , thanks to the Israeli air force :
Courtesy this site
Look closely at this AP photo from Monday , captioned “ FLIGHT FROM TERROR : A woman runs past a destroyed building , still in flames , after it had been attacked by Israeli warplane missiles , in the southern suburbs of Beirut , Lebanon yesterday . ”
Look at the woman .
This is the Shiite “ Islamic fascist ” that BushMert is making war on ?
Then there are other problems with what Bush said .
He contrasted “ Islamic fascism ” to “ democracy , ” presumably a reference to the Lebanese Hizbullah .
This point is incorrect and offensive for many reasons .
It is a misuse of the word “ Islamic . ” “ Islamic ” has to do with the ideals and achievements of the Muslims and the Muslim religion .
Thus , we speak of Islamic art .
We speak of Islamic ethics .
There can be Muslim fascists , just as there can be Christian fascists ( and were , in Spain , Italy and Germany , and parts of Central and South America ; the Spanish fascists and the Argentinian ones , e.g. , were adopted by the United States government as close allies . )
But there cannot be “ Islamic ” fascists , because the Islamic religion enshrines values that are incompatible with fascism .
Fascism is not even a very good description of the ideology of most Muslim fundamentalists .
Most fascism in the Middle East has been secular in character , as with Saddam Hussein ’s Baath Party .
Fascism involves extreme nationalism and most often racism .
Muslim fundamentalist movements reject the nation - state as their primary loyalty and reject race as a basis for political action or social discrimination .
Fascists exalt the state above individual rights or the rule of law .
Muslim fundamentalists exalt Islamic law above the utilitarian interests of the state .
Fascism exalts youth and a master race above the old and the “ inferior ” races .
Muslim fundamentalists would never speak this way .
Fascism glorifies “ war as an end in itself and victory as the determinant of truth and worthiness . ”
Muslim fundamentalists view holy war as a ritual with precise conditions and laws governing its conduct .
It is not considered an end in itself .
The lazy conflation of Muslim fundamentalist movements with fascism cannot account for their increasing willingness to participate in elections and serve in parliamentary government .
Hizbullah , for example , ran in the 2005 elections and had 12 members elected to parliament .
Altogether , the Shiite parties of Hizbullah and Amal , who have a parliamentary alliance , have 29 members in the Lebanese parliament of 128 seats .
Hizbullah and Amal both joined the national unity government , receiving cabinet posts .
This is not the behavior of a fascist movement tout court .
Indeed , Hizbullah has made political alliances with Christian parties , most recently with that of Michel Aoun .
Opinion polls have shown that a significant proportion of Lebanese Shiites who voted for Hizbullah are more secular - minded than the party is .
Hizbullah has authoritarian tendencies , but has shown itself willing to compromise and act pragmatically within the Lebanese system , and has demonstrated an ability to gain support from voters that do not share its fundamentalist ideology .
Hizbullah is a poor people ’s movement .
It could have been moderated over time , and its adherents could have been pulled into more moderate , mainstream politics if the world had devoted itself to seeing that the Lebanese economy flourished and its government was gradually strengthened .
That was the achievement of the Lebanese and regional political elite in the 1990s .
If the Israelis had not aggressively occupied the Lebanese South , there would have been no Hizbullah .
If the Israelis had left ten years earlier , Hizbullah would have disarmed when all the other militias did .
Hizbullah could have been nurtured out of existence if Lebanon had been helped .
Now , extremism has been strengthened .
Lebanon is abject , on its knees , stricken with a plague inflicted on it by Bush and Olmert .
The abject , the humiliated , the impoverished do not , as Bush and Olmert fondly imagine to themselves , lie down and let the mighty walk over them .
They blow up skyscrapers .
The idea that the whole Eastern Mediterranean had to be polluted , that the Christian Lebanese economy had to be destroyed for the next decade or two , that 900,000 persons had to be rendered homeless , that a whole country had to be pounded into rubble because some Lebanese Shiites voted for Hizbullah in the last election , putting 12 in parliament , is obscene .
Bush ’s glib ignorance is destroying our world .
Our children will suffer for it , and perhaps our grandchildren after them .
