The graphics and music are quite nice , but the tilt mechanic is absolutely useless .
If you fall on your head it is impossible to get back up , building speed usually equals death and the motorbike spins waaayy too quickly .
Also , how can there not be a ' next level ' hotkey ???
Several travel and search website companies , along with Microsoft Corp. , are banding together in an attempt to buy Cambridge travel technology company ITA Software Inc. from under the nose of Internet giant Google Inc. , according to people involved in the discussions .
In April , Google was reported to be seeking an acquisition of ITA , but there has been no announcement of a deal .
ITA has been seeking $ 1 billion , but Google ’s offer was around $ 700 million .
Microsoft , Kayak.com , Expedia Inc. , Travelport , and the European online travel service Amadeus could be part of a new consortium looking to keep ITA as it is — an independent maker of software used by many companies , according to the sources , who were not authorized to speak about the effort .
The Kendall Square company makes sophisticated software for major online travel services such as Orbitz.com and Kayak.com and carriers such as Continental Airlines Inc. and Air Canada .
These companies depend on ITA software , which allows them to organize complex fare information for online shoppers .
None of the involved companies would comment yesterday , but Henry H. Harteveldt , principal airline analyst for Forrester Research Inc. in Cambridge , said that ITA is “ certainly an attractive target . ’’
“ ITA is group of very smart people doing a very specialized type of calculation , ’’ he said .
The bidding on ITA Software Inc. has become heated since it was first re ported that Google was negotiating with the company .
Two investors involved in the talks confirmed that a number of online travel companies , including Kayak.com , have expressed interest .
They said camps of interest were evolving , with various parties aligning to prevent Google from taking over ITA .
Microsoft , whose Bing search engine is among ITA ’s customers , could flex its muscle as part of the consortium or on its own .
Yesterday , a story in The Wall Street Journal said that so far , ITA has agreed to hold exclusive talks with Google and has not given any of the other bidders access to its financial information .
Based just a few blocks away from Google in Kendall Square , ITA has 500 employees , according to its Linked In page .
In 2006 , it raised $ 100 million in venture capital , one of the largest venture capital deals of that year , in a round led by Battery Ventures of Waltham .
Another local venture firm , General Catalyst Partners of Cambridge , is an investor in both ITA and Kayak.com .
Adding to the complexity of a deal between Google and ITA is possible scrutiny by US antitrust regulators , because it would combine the largest search company with a dominant travel search site .
But Forrester ’s Harteveldt said “ there ’s no guarantee ’’ that an ITA purchase by any of the interested companies would survive antitrust scrutiny .
He added that ITA has to carefully consider the impact of a sale on its current customers , some of which might not want to do business with the company if it is owned by a competitor .
ITA ’s airline customers , for example , might not want to buy its services if the company is owned by Expedia , which competes with airline sites for consumer reservations .
A consortium would solve the competition problem and allow ITA to retain its clients , Harteveldt said .
The arrangement would also be likely to reduce the concerns of antitrust regulators , as ownership would be distributed among several companies .
But a consortium plan also has a “ significant downside , ’’ Harteveldt said .
“ Not all of the companies in a consortium are likely to share the same interests , ’’ he said , which could create “ a management nightmare ’’ for ITA executives .
D.C. Denison can be reached at denison@globe.com , and Beth Healy can be reached at bhealy@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
London , England ( CNN ) -- Britain's Queen Elizabeth II is launching a Flickr photostream Monday , Buckingham Palace announced .
She 's already on YouTube and Twitter .
The British Monarchy stream on the photo - sharing website launches with more than 600 historic and current photos of the royal family .
The White House has had a Flickr stream since April 2009 .
The British Monarchy stream includes photos going back to Queen Victoria and her husband Prince Albert , dating from about 1861 .
It also has photos of eminent Victorians such as the poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , as well as baby pictures of Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles , the heir to the throne .
Most of the photos show the royal family going about their public business , from the queen 's recent trip to Canada and New York to her summer garden party last week .
Blizzard did not make many friends with its recent decision to force users to post with their real names in its official forums .
The response was immediate and deafening , with pages and pages of users complaining bitterly about the new rule .
One Blizzard employee posted his own name to prove the system 's safety only to have his personal information , including address and phone number , posted on the forum .
The company listened to the feedback , and is now reversing course .
" We 've been constantly monitoring the feedback you 've given us , as well as internally discussing your concerns about the use of real names on our forums , " Mike Morhaime , the CEO and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment , wrote .
" As a result of those discussions , we 've decided at this time that real names will not be required for posting on official Blizzard forums . "
Is anonymity really that important to gamers ?
We thought it would be enlightening to speak to someone whose name is already well known in gaming circles .
Would a loss of anonymity change how he played games ?
Chris Grant , the Editor in Chief of the popular gaming news site Joystiq , was kind enough to speak with us on the subject .
" To be honest , I 've never been bothered by having my name be publicly available on gaming services — in fact , I 've argued that both Xbox Live and PlayStation Network have been really derelict in their duty of powering ' social networks ' without any real identity , " Grant explained .
" However , as a publisher of online content with an active community , I 'm acutely sensitive to the desire to stay anonymous , especially when dealing with video games .
We get emails weekly asking us to delete a years - old comment with someone 's name in it , because it 's ranking too highly in Google and they 're going on a job search .
It 's actually strange how frequently we get that exact request . "
Grant argues that an opt - in service that encourages people to use their real name would have been easier to support , but making the use of real names mandatory in the context of a paid service is a hard sell .
" It 's actually difficult to imagine how Blizzard got as far as they did without someone internally sounding an alarm , " Grant told Ars .
For better or worse , online gaming carries a stigma among some circles , and some folks may not want their thoughts on how the latest patch affects their Paladin to be known to their bosses .
A quick Google search is common practice in hiring circles these days , and what if the HR employee with your résumé in his or her hand is Horde and you 're Alliance ?
No one needs that kind of stress in their life .
This is their second , if not third , life
People play online games as a way to escape from their day - to - day existence , and leaving behind their real names , professions , and even some of the consequences from speaking their minds is a large part of that experience .
Blizzard would have given them a choice : either attach your words to your real name , or stop participating in the forum community .
Neither option was appetizing .
" I think the U - turn is a fascinating development .
It is a political event , really , the equivalent of a government policy being overturned because of public outcry , " Edward Castronova , author of Synthetic Worlds : The Business and Culture of Online Games told Gamasutra .
" It is also surprising that anonymity has been so vociferously defended .
Perhaps there is some strength to the view that fantasy lives are important for many people , even those who do n't consider themselves role - players and fantasists . "
After the loud and overwhelmingly negative response to the idea of using the Real ID system on the official forum , it 's going to be a while before other publishers look seriously into the idea of tying the real and virtual identities of their customers closer together .
We ’ve covered using CSS media queries to assign different stylesheets depending on browser window size .
In that example , we changed the layout of the entire page based on the space available .
It is n’t required that we make such drastic changes with this technique though , so in this tutorial we ’ll go over a design tweak with a smaller scope .
We ’ll also cover the syntax for using media queries within a single stylesheet and more examples of that .
The CSS media query syntax for calling an external stylesheet is like this :
< link rel= ' stylesheet ' media= ' screen and ( min- width : 701 px ) and ( max - width : 900 px ) ' href='css/medium.css ' />
You may be familiar with the media attribute , normally being “ screen ” or “ print ” or even a comma separated list , like “ screen , projection ” .
The media attribute can be brought directly inside a CSS file , like this :
@media screen { body { width : 75 % ; } } @media print { body { width : 100 % ; } }
Likewise , you can use more advanced CSS media queries like :
@media all and ( max - width : 699 px ) and ( min- width : 520 px ) , ( min-width : 1151 px ) { body { background : #ccc ; } }
You may use as many media queries as you would like in a CSS file .
Note that you may use the and operator to require multiple queries to be true , but you have to use the comma ( , ) as the or operator to separate groups of multiple queries .
The not keyword can be used to alter the logic as well .
Example
Let ’s say we have a fluid width design where the sidebar is 35 % of the width of the page .
That means depending on the width of the browser window , that sidebar could be quite narrow or quite wide , that ’s just the nature of fluid width designs .
With CSS media queries , we can say “ if the browser is really narrow , do this , if it ’s wider , do this , if it ’s really wide , do this . ”
Note that measuring width is n’t the only thing media queries can do , it ’s just a particularly practical example .
In our example sidebar , we are going have a list of names of the Super Team which function as email links .
The HTML is fairly simple :
It ’s just a list of links .
The href attribute is a mailto : link .
The only thing you might find unusual is the data - email attribute .
In HTML5 , you can use attributes prefixed with data- to store information , and it ’s perfectly valid .
We are going to want to use that data later , but the href value is n’t quite what we need having that mailto : link , hence the data attribute .
The default styling for the list will be this :
# sidebar ul li a { color : # 900 ; text - decoration : none ; padding : 3 px 0 ; display : block ; }
At narrow browser window widths , the default styling applies .
Just a list of links .
When the browser gets a bit wider , in our example between 520 and 699 px , we ’re going to use that extra space that opens up in the sidebar to apply an email icon to each list item .
@media all and ( max - width : 699 px ) and ( min- width : 520 px ) { # sidebar ul li a { padding - left : 21 px ; background : url (../images/email.png ) left center no-repeat ; } }
Icons are applied to the list items as we know that we have room for them now .
As we get wider , from 700 to 1000 px , we ’ll use the extra space again to preface the links with the text “ Email : ” ( using CSS Content ) instead of just the icon .
@media all and ( max - width : 1000 px ) and ( min- width : 700 px ) { # sidebar ul li a : before { content : " Email : " ; font - style : italic ; color : # 666 ; } }
Using CSS content / psuedo element , we can preface the link with descriptive text without altering the content in the HTML
Wider still , at browser window widths above 1001 px , we ’ll literally append the email address to the links .
This is where that HTML5 data attribute comes in .
@media all and ( min- width : 1001 px ) { # sidebar ul li a : after { content : " ( " attr( data - email ) " ) " ; font - size : 11 px ; font - style : italic ; color : # 666 ; } }
Again the content is adjusted , the email is added as a pseduo element purely with CSS .
At really wide widths , above 1151 px , we will again add the icon as we used before .
The cool part here is that we do n’t have to write an additional media query segment , we can just append an additional media query to our already existing one using a comma ( behaves like OR operator ) on the medium - width one we already wrote .
@media all and ( max - width : 699 px ) and ( min- width : 520 px ) , ( min-width : 1151 px ) { # sidebar ul li a { padding - left : 21 px ; background : url (../images/email.png ) left center no-repeat ; } }
At the widest , we can use all the flair we have available .
All together now
# sidebar ul li a { color : # 900 ; text - decoration : none ; padding : 3 px 0 ; display : block ; } @media all and ( min- width : 1001 px ) { # sidebar ul li a : after { content : " ( " attr( data - email ) " ) " ; font - size : 11 px ; font - style : italic ; color : # 666 ; } } @media all and ( max - width : 1000 px ) and ( min- width : 700 px ) { # sidebar ul li a : before { content : " Email : " ; font - style : italic ; color : # 666 ; } } @media all and ( max - width : 699 px ) and ( min- width : 520 px ) , ( min-width : 1151 px ) { # sidebar ul li a { padding - left : 21 px ; background : url (../images/email.png ) left center no -repeat ; } }
Video demo
Live demo / download
View Demo Download Files
Browser support
The browser support for media queries is surprisingly decent .
For the queries in this particular demo ( utilizing min and max widths ) , current version of Firefox , Safari ( including Mobile ) , Chrome , and Opera are all supporting it .
Internet Explorer 9 will be supporting it , but 8 and below do not .
If I wanted to deliver the best possible experience in IE 8 and below , I ’d either fake it with JavaScript like I did in this article , or use an IE specific stylesheet and style it in the same style as the most common browser width according to analytics .
Note that milage may vary on individual types of queries .
For example , the iPhone supports the width queries but does not support the orientation queries .
The iPad supports both .
More on media queries
Measuring width is a nice practical example of media queries , but it is n’t the only thing available .
Below are some more of them ( not a comprehensive list ) .
The spec lists lots more .
Types
HTML4 had these media types , which are all still valid : aural , braille , handheld , print , projection , screen , tty , and tv .
HTML5 may include more as it needs them .
The spec includes ‘ 3d - glasses ’ , which is awesome .
The all keyword will target all types .
@media screen , projection { ... }
Dimensions
You get height and width , which query against the current browser window height and width .
You could use them as - is , but that would probably be rare .
Both of them accept min/max prefixes , so more commonly you ’d used them as min-width , max - width , min-height , max - height .
There is also device - width and device - height , which also provide min-device - width , max - device - width , min-device - height , and max - device - height .
@media ( min- device - width : 640 px ) { ... }
Orientation / Aspect Ratio
You can query against the aspect ratio of the screen as well with device - aspect - ratio .
@media screen and ( device - aspect - ratio : 16/9 ) { ... }
Or if the screen is in portrait ( height larger than width ) or landscape ( width larger than height ) mode .
@media ( orientation : portrait ) { ... }
Color
You can query on if the screen is in color or not and details about that .
@media ( color ) { /*
Screen is in color */ } @media ( min-color - index : 256 ) { /*
Screen has at least 256 colors */ } @media ( monochrome ) { /*
Screen is monochrome */ }
Elsewhere
This has been a hot topic lately .
You can hear some smart people talk about it on The Big Web Show .
Here are some other cool uses of it going around recently :
Melbourne 's Catholic Archbishop has apologised to church sex abuse victims for what he describes as an unacceptable evil .
In a letter to parishioners , Archbishop Denis Hart said continuing reports of abuse , including the latest investigations in Europe , are causing great distress and shame for the Church .
He offered a sincere and unreserved apology for what he describes as a grave evil .
" This has been one of the saddest times in my 43 years of priesthood , " he said .
" I 'm determined to work on this issue , to address sexual abuse , to deal with the offenders and to bring care to the victims and I and all the people of Melbourne have a great regard for our good priests who are working so hard in often very difficult circumstances .
" I consider it most important that I write to the people , explain to them how outraged I am and try and give the complete facts so that people can understand the Church is really determined and absolutely resolute to work on this matter . "
But Wayne Chamley from the Broken Rites victims support group says individual apologies from bishops do not go far enough .
" We 've never seen all of the bishops collectively make a statement , " he said .
" And there 's been constant revelations of individual bishops covering up the activities of paedophiles .
Not a single bishop has ever stepped down .
" They still seem to think that they can get by by going down the road of individual responses by individual claimants with offering some pittance of compensation for people whose total life has often been blighted by their experiences of a paedophile priest . "
A Church spokesman says 150,000 copies of the letter have been made .
He says it is up to individual priests whether they read out the letter during mass or leave it to parishioners to collect a copy .
Bar Exam The Grizzled Wizard
The Grizzled Wizard in Wallingford bills itself as the " most extreme dive in the Multiverse . "
The place is simple and small , and the drinks are cheap , and the ( electronic ) darts are free .
But the Griz Wiz , only a couple months new , has some work to do before it descends to dive status .
The paint 's fresh and grit is lacking .
When you walk into Al 's a few doors down , the head of every person on a bar stool swivels and all the attached eyes bore into you , as all the eyes in a great dive should ( and Al 's is incontrovertibly a great dive : the greatest in Wallingford , if not the Multiverse ) .
At the Grizzled Wizard , people just glance .
What the Grizzled Wizard seems to be is a good neighborhood hangout , no extremity involved .
The name might lead you to expect metalheads , but the woman sitting at the end of the bar is reading a medical anthropology text .
Turns out she has a paper due in the morning that she has n't started yet ; she finds the work goes better at the last minute with a cold beer .
She maintains a 3.9 .
She 's nice .
So is the bartender .
So is the lighting : Numerous paper lanterns hang from the ceilings , all with red lightbulbs installed , giving everyone an attractive glow .
The soundtrack might be the Allman Brothers , and one random flip of the jukebox nets Metallica and King Crimson , but also Elvis and a disc called PURE 80 ' S.
Currently , only frozen entrées are served at the Grizzled Wizard , so people bring in food from Dick's .
The smell of fries wafts enticingly around the room .
Even the wizard is n't all that grizzled :
In a frankly awesome mural , his salient features are radiant , otherworldly eyes and electricity - shooting fingertips .
He looks good for a wizard ( especially with the flattering lighting ) .
Another painting depicts blood dripping down toward the head of Slater from Saved by the Bell , with his name across the bottom in the font of the band Slayer .
There 's also a Magic - Markered " Pin the Stripes on the Tiger " poster :
Black fabric stripes are thumbtacked to the beast , who 's performing a sex act on another large cat with " DIO " tattooed across its chest .
A jar of Mrs. Dirty 's Fabulous Chunky Peanut Butter is also featured .
The game is left over from a night devoted to the entire catalog of Ronnie James Dio .
Do not let it be said that the Grizzled Wizard lacks a sense of humor .
In the back room , you 'll find the world 's ugliest McMansion - foyer - style chandelier , the world 's largest collection of obscure late - '70s movie posters , a pinball game , and the amazement arising from a piece of art involving nudity and psychedelic body paint .
Grizzled Wizard , it 's your weirdness that the Multiverse was lacking .
Rock on however you damn well please .
The Grizzled Wizard , 2317 N 45th St , 395 - GRIZ
According to a person familiar with the negotiations , members of the Thunder 's front office affirmed their allegiance to Durant by meeting the 21 - year - old at his new Oklahoma City - area home seconds into the free agency period , which began at 11 p.m. Wednesday night .
But on the first day the Oklahoma City Thunder could officially speak to its star forward about a new deal , Durant acknowledged that negotiations got off on the right foot .
" They 're just letting me know I was the first priority , I guess , " Durant said when asked about the team 's show of support .
" I always told them I wanted to be here , and they feel the same way .
So we 're going to get something done . "
It 's unclear whether an official offer was made late Wednesday night , but the details of the deal are considered to be a foregone conclusion .
Durant , who last season became the youngest player ever to lead the league in scoring after averaging 30.1 points per game , is expected to receive a five - year deal upwards of $ 80 million , or the maximum allowed under the league 's collective bargaining agreement .
Durant , though , did his best to downplay his imminent deal .
He took the same " nothing 's - official , anything - can - happen " approach he had in the days before he wrapped up the scoring title and just prior to his widely anticipated selection as a first - time All - Star last season .
" That 's one thing I have n't really been worrying about , " Durant said .
" I 've just been worrying about my camp in Chicago and ( Oklahoma City ) .
That 's all I 've been occupied with .
Image caption Rosneft is one of the state - owned assets to be used to raise revenues
Russia has announced plans to sell minority stakes in 11 state - run firms which it says could raise about one trillion roubles ( $ 30 bn ; £ 19.2bn ) .
The part - privatisation scheme , its biggest since the 1990s , is set to begin next year and will include Sberbank and its oil firm Rosneft .
But state railways operator RZhD will not be included , said Alexei Uvarov of the economic development ministry .
Russia has been looking for ways to plug its budget deficit .
Controlling stake
For the past decade , Russia 's policy has been to avoid the privatisation of state - owned firms .
Under the change of policy , energy pipelines operator Transneft , state bank VTB and hydroelectric power operator Rushydro will also be partly sold off .
Mr Uvarov did not give details on the size of the holdings which would be made available .
All of the firms have already been part - privatised to a very limited extent .
This will be extended , but Russia would keep a controlling stake in all the firms under the plan .
The country 's budget deficit ballooned during the economic crisis after years of surpluses in the good times .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that this year 's deficit was likely to stay above 5 % of gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
After several years of robust growth , Russia 's GDP fell by 7.9 % last year .
Labelled and filed away in secret documents . . . ( clockwise from top left ) Rock Hudson , Guy Burgess , Donald MacClean and Anthony Blunt .
The American Psychiatric Association finally rebuked " reparative " or " conversion " therapy for homosexuals in 1998 .
In Britain similar inhumane persecution occurred .
In 1952 , Alan Turing , 41 , a mathematical genius , master decoder of Nazi ciphers and arguably an inventor of the modern computer , was arrested on homosexuality charges and sentenced to a year of " conversion " hormone treatment .
Also accused of subversion , he committed suicide in 1954 , apparently by eating a cyanide - laced apple .
On the other hand , Soviet intelligence – analysed in an unclassified CIA study by defector Alexander Orlov on Theory and Practice of Soviet Intelligence – was " amazed at the mutual consideration and loyalty which prevailed among homosexuals " .
Prejudice in the West proved dangerous to its own survival .
The Soviet use of homosexual spies and recruiters in the West was to result in possibly the espionage coup of the 20th century with the penetration and devastation of Western intelligence by the Cambridge University spy ring , initiated in the 1930s .
The FBI kept copious newspaper and magazine files .
US magazines of the 1950s – such as Confidential , at one point outselling Time and a precursor to today 's tabloid culture – were an explosive , terrorising mix of hard right - wing politics , sex scandals and outing gays in Hollywood and even Washington , as in the case of former US under secretary of state Sumner Welles in March 1956 .
Hysterical articles claimed the government was infiltrated with " sex deviates " and in 1950 the Senate announced it would investigate Washington police department estimates that 3500 homosexuals had federal jobs .
Per FBI files Burgess – in Washington at the time of the hearings with Philby , to help and liaise with the CIA – was disturbed by the hearings but obviously had the last laugh .
Major events in 20th - century history – including World War II , the atomic bomb , the Korean War – were all affected by the activities of probably the most effective spy ring on record .
Historians are still trying to sort out the mess , since they were in place for decades .
For example , an FBI file notes Maclean had access to " practically all high level US and UK projects " and secret coded communications .
When you consider Kim Philby was not only head of the ( anti ) Soviet Section of British Intelligence but helped establish the CIA , you get an idea of the catastrophe .
The huge FBI investigation of the watershed English spy scandal was an indication of the intelligence disaster .
Censored files show much is still not public , even now .
Burgess and Maclean had also contributed to , if not triggered , attacks on the Cold War 's so - called Lavender Menace .
A crude , broad brush now painted communists and traitors as gay .
Hoover 's secret files grew as politician Adlai Stevenson , prominent lawyer Alger Hiss and others were rumoured in memos as " queer " .
In the ensuing accusatory melee – immortalised in Arthur Miller 's The Crucible , albeit a heterosexual version – even principal red baiter senator Joe McCarthy was " gay baited " .
McCarthy and his assistant Roy Cohn outed Communists and sometimes homosexuals in the notorious 1950s hearings .
Trampling contemporary shades of political correctness , Cohn himself was homosexual and a nasty piece of work , destroying fellow homosexuals and smearing others .
McCarthy himself was targeted by writer Hank Greenspun .
" It is common talk among homosexuals in Milwaukee who rendezvous in the White Horse Inn that Senator Joe McCarthy has often engaged in homosexual activities . "
McCarthy shortly thereafter married his secretary .
Alleged and real Communists and homosexuals were purged from government jobs .
Confidential magazine revved it all up : " A conspiracy of silence among Washington bigwigs and news correspondents has kept the public ignorant of how high homosexuals were able to penetrate the State Department , or how decisive was their influence . "
Secret FBI files show that Hoover closely tracked Blunt , the " Fourth Man " , from 1956 on , whenever he came to lecture on art in the US .
Blunt 's FBI files have many deletions but it is clear Hoover was on to him in secret memos as a friend of Burgess and Maclean , and in 1963 as a " confirmed homosexual " .
A " Secret and Personal " memo to Hoover in 1967 notes an informant is " positive Blunt was a Soviet agent " .
This was , of course , true but did not become public until 1979 , embarrassing British prime minister Margaret Thatcher and becoming prominent again in the Spycatcher trial in Australia in 1986 .
The Cambridge spies feature in 3219 unclassified forensic and other FBI documents .
They reflect a justified panic , leavened by some inadvertent bureaucratic humour .
A top-secret 1955 memo to Hoover notes " peculiarities " of super - spy Burgess include " excessive drinking , slovenly [ appearance ] , chain - smoker , homosexuality " .
In fact , more than likely one of Burgess 's covers was acting like a mad , drunken homosexual to the point that counter - intelligence never suspected he could be a serious threat , until he defected .
The myth that most homosexuals were " femme " or not tough also helped the spies .
In fact , these very hard men had minds like steel traps and the ability to betray friends , family and country was essential to promulgate their core political beliefs .
Some US presidents , like Nixon , were openly homophobic .
Nixon is caught on released tapes of May 13 , 1971 , saying northern California has " gotten so faggy . . . that I wo n't shake hands with anybody from San Francisco . . .
I do n't want to see this country go that way .
You know what happened to the Greeks .
Homosexuality destroyed them . "
Unclassified FBI files reveal that Nixon asked Hoover to find out who was homosexual in the Washington press corps .
In 1964 Johnson was shocked when close friend and presidential assistant Walter Jenkins was arrested for oral sex in a YMCA toilet in Washington .
Formerly secret tapes reveal Johnson feigning naivety to FBI chief Hoover , saying : " I guess you are going to have to teach me something about this stuff . . .
I swear I can't recognise them .
I do n't know anything about them . "
Hoover replies : " It 's a thing you can't tell sometimes . . . just like poor Jenkins .
There are some that walk kind of funny .
That you might think a little off or queer . "
Demurring to the master 's superior knowledge , Johnson asked Hoover to find out who else was gay in his White House .
The exquisite irony of Hoover ferreting out homosexuals for presidents and national security reasons – and advising LBJ on how to spot homosexuals for dummies – can't be lost on anyone who knows
Hoover himself was the centre of rumour and gay urban legend for decades .
He lived with his mother until he was 43 .
On his death , he bequeathed his estate to his FBI deputy Clyde Tolson , now buried a few metres from him .
Acutely aware of his image and this issue , Hoover 's uber files or " DO NOT FILE " files transferred to the US National Archives in 2005 , reveal he had FBI agents investigate rumours that he was " queer " as early as 1944 , long before any " Lavender " panic in the US government .
Despite sensational allegations by scandal connoisseurs that Hoover was a cross-dresser and the mafia had blackmail photos of Hoover being intimate with Tolson , there is no conventional hard evidence , only circumstantial notes .
However , these " Official and Confidential Files " contain numerous references to homosexual allegations and " derogatory information " about famous people covering decades .
FBI files show derogatory remarks about Hoover himself were noted when heard in " beauty salons " in 1951 and a memo was filed when it was rumoured the Los Angeles Times 's Jack Nelson planned to write that Hoover was homosexual in 1970 .
The government 's hounding and persecution of homosexuals had become a major civil rights issue , so obviously the matter was extremely sensitive , if , in fact , Hoover was gay .
The FBI was tracking and bugging the Gay Activists Alliance in the 1970s and memos about the activists to Hoover marked " secret " are alarmingly headed , " Revolutionary Activities " .
If Hoover , McCarthy and Cohn were gay , then politics trumped sexual preference in their energetic pursuit of alleged or real " enemies of the state " .
But if gay men who were pillars of the establishment got into a jam , then files reveal attitudes could somersault , as exemplified by the extraordinary tale of Joseph Alsop .
On April 1 , 1957 , CIA director Allen Dulles wrote a " SECRET EYES ONLY " memo to Hoover , enclosing a nine - page confession by Alsop , Washington socialite and conservative journalist , detailing that he was homosexual and that , consequently , eight weeks earlier he had been framed by the KGB in Moscow when men burst into a hotel room , catching him in " the act " with a young Russian " pleasant - mannered fellow " .
This was not an April Fool 's day joke , this was the hard - core side of the Cold War .
So sensitive was the matter it took 42 years for the confession to become unclassified .
Alsop initially became suicidal when caught by the Russians , who tried , but failed according to Alsop , to get him to change sides .
He was helped by US ambassador Charles Bohlen in Moscow ( himself subject to rumours of homosexuality and an appointment opposed by McCarthy ) .
Initially , Hoover and Dulles accepted Alsop 's abject mea culpa and self - described " folly " .
A memo to Hoover marked " top secret " indicates Dulles was still suspicious : " I am not at all satisfied with the subject 's evaluation of his own situation or his refusal to co-operate more fully in the interview . "
Nevertheless only six years later , Alsop is recorded in tapes three days after John F. Kennedy 's assassination strongly urging , in a subtle blend of insistence and grovelling , that Johnson set up a blue ribbon commission that would " carry unchallengeable convictions " .
Alsop added , " I 'm giving you public relations advice and not legal advice " to handle the assassination aftermath .
Johnson had wanted the matter settled in Texas as a police matter , as he coolly said to Hoover on the same day , " We can't be checking up on every shooting scrape in the country . "
Earlier LBJ had asked Alsop : " Why ca n't the FBI transmit [ details of the investigation ] ? "
Alsop replied : " [ The commission ] will carry absolute conviction . . . no one on the left will believe the FBI . . . and the FBI does not write very well . . .
I hate to interfere , sir . . .
I only dare to do so because I care so much about you . "
Johnson replied : " I know that , Joe . "
Alsop prevailed and the Warren Commission was born .
Dulles would be a member .
From being framed by the KGB in a gay assignation in Moscow , to giving advice to the brand new president on a key event of the century , is quite a turn of events .
Graham Greene , eat your heart out .
tagSpacemaker2 er1
A few months back we welcomed Picnik , the powerful online photo editor , into the Google family and today we ’re happy to share the first of more exciting things to come .
Picnik ’s rich editing tools are now integrated into Picasa Web Albums allowing you to experience them without ever having to leave your account .
As long as you ’re using Picasa in one of the Picnik supported languages , just click ‘ edit ’ from the edit drop down menu or from the new handy Picnik icon .
Then , Picnik away by applying an effect , adding a sticker , or exploring your own creative path with advanced tools .
When you are done editing your photo , save back to your album by either replacing the existing image or making a new copy .
Sometimes 1+1 really does equal more than 2.Happy Picniking ( from right inside of Picasa Web Albums ) .
Casualties of the Spill BP's Crisis Could Soon Become Great Britain's
With the oil continuing to flow into the Gulf of Mexico , BP is facing ever greater challenges .
Already , the company has lost half its market value .
Should it be unable to cap the leaking well soon , the British oil giant may be forced to sell of assets .
That could spell disaster for Great Britain .
TEL AVIV - Thousands of women are being smuggled into Israel , creating a booming sex trade industry that rakes more than USD one billion a year , a parliamentary committee said on Wednesday .
The Parliamentary Inquiry Committee , headed by Knesset member Zehava Galon of the left - wing Yahad
Tel Aviv exhibition A living hell By Miri Chason Thousands of sex slaves bought and sold each year face danger , threats , violence ; run-aways dealt with quickly : one home in Moldova firebombed ; Tel Aviv exhibit explores ' women as chattel ' A living hell
party , commissioned the report in an effort to combat the sex trade in Israel .
Findings showed that some 3,000 and 5,000 women are smuggled to Israel annually and sold into the prostitution industry , where they are constantly subjected to violence and abuse .
The report , issued annually , said some 10,000 such women currently reside in about 300 to 400 brothels throughout the country .
They are traded for about USD 8,000 – USD 10,000 , the committee said .
The U.S. State Department ranks Israel in the second tier of human trafficking around the world , saying the Jewish State does not maintain minimal conditions regarding the issue but is working to improve them .
Israel passed a law in 2003 that would allow the state to confiscate the profits of traffickers , but watchdog groups say it is rarely enforced .
Most foreign prostitutes in Israel come from Ukraine , Moldova , Uzbekistan and Russia and many are smuggled in across the Egyptian border .
The committee found that the women work seven days a week for up to 18 hours every day and that out of the NIS 120 paid by customers , they are left with just NIS 20 , while the rest of the money is passed on to their traders .
The prostitutes face constant threats of abuse and murder , the report said , and Israeli law does little to help them .
Delays in trial dates and prolonged hearings force the women to remain exposed to violence for more than a year until they are called in to provide testimony , and courts rarely collect early testimonies , as permitted by law .
To help combat the problem , the committee recommended that the state prosecutor 's office refrain from making plea bargains with sex traders .
It also advised to raise the threshold of punitive measures and pushed for financial compensation for sex trade victims .
The IDF released on Friday an audio reproduction of the moments before Monday 's raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla .
In it , the soldiers can be heard warning the flotilla that its vessels are nearing an area under naval blockade .
They are answered by calls of " Go back to Auschwitz " and " Do n't forget 9/11 guys " .
Description :
We 're always fans of elaborate wedding proposals .
How can you not be ?
Tagged for : Proposal , Wedding , Couple , Love , Marriage
In 1959 the psychological doctrine known as ‘ behaviourism ’ was at the peak of its influence .
Pioneered in the early 20th century by Edward Lee Thorndike , Clark Hull and J.B. Watson , behaviourism rejected explanations of action in terms of mysterious inner processes such as ‘ thought ’ and tried to explain behaviour purely in terms of the organism ’s conditioning by experience .
By the middle of the century , the behaviourist approach had been developed in a detailed and radical form by B.F. Skinner .
Skinner explained learning in terms of reinforcement : organisms produce novel behaviours spontaneously , and those that are positively reinforced are more likely to occur in similar circumstances in the future .
This view , developed in work on rats and pigeons , was extended to cover human language in Skinner ’s 1957 book Verbal Behaviour .
A young linguist , Noam Chomsky , published a review of Verbal Behaviour two years later .
It was perhaps the most devastating book review ever written .
Chomsky argued that Skinner ’s theoretical vocabulary could be applied to human linguistic behaviour only in an empty , post hoc way .
He also thought that Skinner ’s behaviourism had a simple architectural flaw : it held that external factors – especially experiences of reinforcement – were of ‘ overwhelming importance ’ in the explanation of behaviour .
Hardly any role was given to what Chomsky referred to simply as ‘ the internal structure of the organism ’ .
It is unusual to do serious damage to a scientific research programme with a set of general arguments – not by citing experimental or mathematical results , but by looking at the basic ideas and revealing a crack in the foundations .
Though the impact of the review itself is sometimes exaggerated , this is the effect Chomsky had on the behaviourist study of humans .
Jerry Fodor now hopes to do something similar to Darwinism in biology .
Fodor has been making sceptical remarks about Darwinian ideas for decades .
Three years ago he wrote a direct attack on Darwinian evolutionary theory in the LRB , and he has now published What Darwin Got Wrong , along with Massimo Piattelli - Palmarini .
Fodor and Piattelli -Palmarini believe that they can replicate Chomsky ’s demolition job on Skinner because ‘ Skinner ’s account of learning and Darwin ’s account of evolution are identical in all but name . ’
As we shall see , ‘ identical ’ is quite a stretch , but there is a real analogy .
First , both theories draw on an externalist or ‘ outside - in ’ pattern of explanation , in which the structure or behaviour of living things is seen as a consequence of their environments .
Second , both rely on a process that can be described loosely as ‘ trial and error ’ .
New variations are produced in a spontaneous and unintelligent way , and a few successful variants are kept while others are discarded .
This resemblance between the theories was recognised by Skinner himself , who saw Darwinism and behaviourism as dovetailing together .
And Chomsky , the great critic of behaviourism , shows no enthusiasm for mainstream evolutionary theory , especially when applied to psychological traits .
Opposing attitudes towards externalist explanations point to a fissure running through the history of science and philosophy .
This is part of what distinguishes the ‘ empiricist ’ from the ‘ rationalist ’ tradition , with the former ( Locke , for example ) explaining the contents of the mind in terms of what is given in experience , and the latter ( Leibniz ) insisting on the self - propelled power of thought .
Which side of the divide one places oneself on is partly a matter of intellectual temperament ; but Skinnerian behaviourism and Darwinism are still scientific theories , answerable to empirical evidence .
The partial similarity in pattern does not mean they must stand or fall together .
They are about different things ; one may be right and the other wrong .
Modern evolutionary biology contains two main sets of theoretical ideas .
One is the hypothesis of a pattern of common ancestry , roughly tree - shaped , linking all life on Earth .
The other concerns the way change occurs within particular populations – or particular segments of life ’s ‘ tree ’ .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini have no argument with the claim of common ancestry .
Their concern is with evolution by natural selection as a process of change within populations .
Suppose we have a population , i.e. a collection of organisms of some particular species .
They live , reproduce and die .
New variations appear from time to time , and do so in an ‘ undirected ’ manner .
This variation can be loosely referred to as ‘ random ’ , but it is due to ordinary physical causes .
What is important is that the appearance of a new variant is not affected by whether or not it is likely to be useful .
Most of these new traits are harmful , but a few will help organisms to survive and reproduce .
If , in addition , these favourable traits are inherited , they may spread through the population .
This causal schema is essentially owed to Darwin , but since his time it has seen much elaboration and refinement , mostly thanks to the newer science of genetics .
For some biologists , the idea of launching an attack on Darwin today is about as sensible as a physicist launching one on Galileo , so much has evolutionary biology changed since Darwin ’s time .
But Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini are attacking ideas in evolutionary theory so basic that , for the most part , they go back to Darwin .
Even in the simple sketch I ’ve just given , we can see ways in which the picture of Darwinian biology as an externalist or environment - driven theory is only partly right .
Evolutionary success is a matter of survival and reproduction .
A lot of what makes for an organism ’s survival and capacity for reproduction depends on its relation to its environment , but a lot is a matter of the internal functioning of the organism ’s machinery .
And though organisms adapt to their environments , they also transform them : the oxygen - rich atmosphere of the Earth is a product of the evolution of life .
In the first half of their book , Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini give a diverse list of evolutionary factors that they see as being at odds with Darwinism .
These all have to do with the ‘ internal ’ structure of organisms .
But it is far from true that whenever anything internal proves to be important , this is non-Darwinian .
Some of the more speculative ideas Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini discuss create tensions with Darwinian views , while others ( the ‘ imprinting ’ of genes , for example ) are embraced by the most uncompromising Darwinians .
In the correspondence following Fodor ’s article in the LRB , several critics pointed out that modern evolutionary biology makes use of a mix of explanatory factors , and puts particular emphasis on the evolutionary consequences of detailed features of genetic systems .
( Darwin , for that matter , often gestured towards the importance of internal features of inheritance mechanisms , though he knew little about them . )
In reply , Fodor has insisted that his targets are those evolutionists resolutely committed to giving explanations of living things in terms of ‘ exogenous ’ ( external ) factors .
He sees any invocation of internal causes as a concession .
But to say this is to set up an opponent very different from mainstream evolutionary biology , even evolutionary biology of the most vigorously and self - consciously ‘ Darwinian ’ kind .
The central aim of Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini ’s book is to undermine what is usually seen as a quite straightforward form of explanation in evolutionary biology , in which the distribution of features in a population at some point in time is explained in terms of the operation of natural selection .
Such explanations take for granted that there is ( or was ) a particular range of variants in the population , and aim to explain why some are common , some are rare , some may have been lost altogether and so on .
A simple example : suppose we have a population of organisms and a new trait , T , appears in it .
Individuals with T are more likely to survive to reproductive age , so on average they have more offspring .
As T tends to be inherited , over time it increases in frequency in the population .
It seems natural to say that there was selection for T .
But what if there is another trait , T* , that organisms with T tend also to have ?
This might be because the genes that produce T also produce T* , or because the genes that produce T are close to those that produce T* in the genome and tend to be passed on together , or for other reasons .
However the correlation arises , when explaining the increase in what we are calling ‘ organisms with T’ , we have to say why it is T that selection was favouring .
Take the extreme case in which all organisms with T also have T* , and all with T* have T .
Then it seems that natural selection is blind to the difference between them .
So , Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini say , whenever there is this kind of correlation between traits ( it is ubiquitous , in various degrees ) , an explanation of the form ‘ the population is now the way it is because trait T was favoured by natural selection ’ is undermined .
They cast their argument within a framework derived from logic and the philosophy of language .
There , two terms are said to be ‘ co - extensive ’ when they pick out exactly the same object or set of objects .
Suppose that every animal that has a heart also has blood , and vice versa .
Then the descriptions ‘ animal with a heart ’ and ‘ animal with blood ’ are co-extensive .
Extending this usage , Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini argue that two properties are co-extensive if all the same objects have those properties .
So properties T and T * are co-extensive if everything with T also has T* , and everything with T* also has T .
Two properties can also be ‘ locally co-extensive ’ if in some region everything which has one property also has the other , even if the properties are not co-extensive in all places and times .
In a more standard way of talking , we might say that the properties are ‘ correlated ’ ( either locally or everywhere ) .
‘ Intensionality ’ is another term of art required here .
A sentence is intensional if it can be changed from true to false , or from false to true , by substituting one co-extensive term in it for another .
It might be true that ‘ Bob thinks the morning star is bright ’ but false that ‘ Bob thinks the evening star is bright ’ even though ‘ morning star ’ and ‘ evening star ’ refer to the same object .
Sentences containing ‘ thinks that …’ are often intensional .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini claim that an ‘ intensional process ’ is one that ‘ distinguishes ’ between co-extensive properties , and that Darwinism requires natural selection to be an intensional process , where in fact it is not .
Darwinism is thus guilty of an ‘ intensional fallacy ’ .
It is easier to see what is going on here by putting it in simpler terms .
Continuing with the example above : some individuals in our population have T , and these also have T* .
As selection is a contrastive matter , we also need to label an alternative form : let ’s say other individuals have U rather than T , and that these have their own correlated trait , U* .
Let ’s now suppose that T and U are alternative colours of the exterior of the organism , and T * and U * alternative colours of some interior part of the organism that is never normally seen .
The colour of this interior structure is determined as a by - product of the processes determining the exterior colour ( perhaps it is the same colour , perhaps a different one ) .
Next , it is helpful to switch from thinking about selection for a trait to its flipside , selection against .
If T and U are alternative colours of the outside of the organism , suppose that those with U are more often eaten by predators .
If we look at some particular individual with U , does it make sense to ask whether it was U , U * or both that led to its dying young ?
We ask this setting aside questions about evolutionary theory – our interest is just in this one organism and its untimely death .
Does it make sense to say that the death was due to one of the correlated properties and not the other ?
Surely it does .
We work this out by looking at the processes in which U and U * are involved – the biochemical pathways , the roles that different parts of the animal play in its life .
This individual was seen by a predator and eaten , and it was seen because the colour of its exterior meant it was poorly camouflaged .
The fact that an internal part of the organism had a particular colour was irrelevant .
If this can be true of one individual , it can be true of ten of them , or a thousand .
So we have a population in which individuals with U and U * are dying young while individuals with T and T* are not .
For each of those with U and U* , it is U that is hastening their demise while U* is irrelevant .
Similarly , for each of those with T and T* , T helps while T* is irrelevant .
Add to which that T has no other costs that are not shared with U .
This then is a case of natural selection .
If the combination of T and T * is inherited over generations , then ( barring special factors interfering ) it will increase in frequency in the population .
T was selected for , and U selected against , because these are the features that can determine whether individuals live or die .
T* increases in frequency along with T , but it is just along for the ride .
Perhaps there is something strange in this way of putting things , whereby a trait like T* can be made more common by natural selection , without being selected for .
One may wonder whether an implication of agency is n’t lurking in the term ‘ selection ’ .
That is in fact what Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini claim .
In which case , the thing to do is to set the suspicious terms aside and see whether it is possible to describe the same sequence of events without using them .
If it is , the theory of natural selection is not called into question , and at most there is an awkwardness in the terminology .
This turns out to be the case .
Suppose we say , for example , that individuals with T and T * had more offspring than individuals with U and U* , and did so because T helped them avoid predators .
T* also increased in frequency , but only because it is passed on along with T .
However we choose to talk about it , the theory does distinguish between two different cases , one where a trait affects survival and reproduction and another where it does n’t .
In practice , confusion arising from the unwanted connotations of the term ‘ selection ’ is rare in biology , but it is always possible to shift to a more careful description if they intrude .
In the light of this , let ’s look more closely at what Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini say about causal relations .
Here some further philosophical machinery is used .
What might we say to flesh out the claim that selection was favouring T in my example above ?
Perhaps something like this : if the organisms with T did not have T* , they would still have been more successful than those with U , and if they had T * but not T , they would not have been more successful .
An ‘ if … then ’ claim which is at odds with how things actually are constitutes a ‘ counterfactual ’ .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini argue that ‘ the distinction between traits that are selected for and their free - riders turns on the truth ( or falsity ) of relevant counterfactuals , ’ but that a selection process is not affected by how things merely could have been .
‘ Selection cannot , as a matter of principle , be contingent upon ( merely ) counterfactual outcomes . ’
Counterfactuals are a popular tool in philosophy when discussing causal relations .
They can be helpful , but they can also be part of a rather misleading picture : sometimes people write as if one should try to inspect or survey the counterfactuals that apply in a particular case , and treat them as a kind of litmus test for causation .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini suppose that you have to be able to do this before you can determine whether T or T* is what was selected for .
But for T rather than T* to be ‘ selected for ’ just means that T is the trait that gave individuals their advantage .
We can know this by looking at what T does , and how it relates to the organisms ’ lives .
T* and U* , on the other hand , have no role in the organisms ’ lives and deaths .
Having discovered this , we may then feel confident in asserting a counterfactual : if the successful organisms had T but not T* , they would still have done well .
This is in fact a post hoc summary of the causal knowledge we gained by looking at the biology of the situation – at what the traits in question actually do .
In the discussion following both Fodor ’s 2007 article and the publication earlier this year of What Darwin Got Wrong , a number of commentators have argued that there is no conceptual problem for evolutionary theory arising from correlated traits , as one of the traits can be important in causing reproductive success while the other is not .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini have suggested in reply that their argument has been misunderstood .
In response to Ned Block and Philip Kitcher , for example , they say it was never their intention to claim that there cannot be a fact of the matter about which of two correlated traits ‘ causes increased reproductive success ’ .
Rather , their claim is that even if one trait causes organisms to reproduce more while the other trait is irrelevant , this is not a situation in which natural selection is distinguishing between the two .
For that , something more would be needed , perhaps a special kind of law of nature which they call a law of ‘ adaptation as such ’ .
But , again , if one trait is causing increased reproductive success , it is being selected for , in the sense that matters to evolutionary theory .
Nothing more is needed .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini criticise the tendency to talk of selection as if it were an agent .
They are right that this is often misleading , but they seem to be making a similar mistake when they treat it as something over and above the ordinary facts of life , death and reproduction .
For Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini , it makes sense to ask : ‘ Even if trait T causes organisms to reproduce more while T* has no effect , how can selection see that fact ? ’
But there is no question to ask here , nothing extra that selection might achieve or fail to do .
Given that Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini do not show any real flaw in the architecture of Darwinian biology , let me return to the relation between behaviourism and Darwinism .
The similarities between behaviourist learning theory and Darwinian evolutionary theory are not as close as Skinner or , now , Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini claim , even if the theories have structural resemblances .
Behaviourist learning theory , as applied to humans , has been largely abandoned , but that does n’t mean that Darwinism ’s theory asks to be abandoned along with it .
Still , if one view is right and the other wrong , we might try to say something about why a certain pattern of explanation works in one place and not in the other .
Darwinian processes of variation and selection have built our brains .
These processes have constructed a mechanism that goes through a kind of adaptive change – we call it ‘ learning ’ – within each person ’s lifetime .
But evolution was not bound to build brains which use the same mechanism of change that we see in evolution itself .
One Darwinian process can sometimes build another Darwinian machine running on a faster time - scale : one part of our immune system , for example , runs on a variation - and - selection process in which many novel antibody molecules are produced in an undirected way , and the cells that happen to make antibodies which can recognise invaders become more numerous .
But this is not , for the most part , what evolution has done in the building of our brains .
There is some role for simple ‘ trial and error ’ in learning , but much of our learning is smarter than that .
We can produce new behaviours because they seem likely to work .
We can learn by watching .
We , unlike our genes , can reason through problems .
Our behaviours reflect much more than experiences of ‘ reinforcement ’ , and that is why Skinner was wrong while Darwin was right .
Will Europe still be a military power in the 21st century ?
This question would seemed absurd in the 16th , 17th , 18th , 19th , or 20th centuries , all of which had their different versions of European military power .
Granted , there was not a single “ Europe ” then , but individual European states had powerful military means that they used to fight each other often .
If the question was limited to these disputes , we would be content with congratulating ourselves .
Or , recalling Europe ’s situation during the Cold War , we could note that Europe is no longer at the center of strategic affairs , and again everyone could applaud , taking into account the huge price paid for that “ centrality ” : the division of Europe , the Soviet domination of Eastern Europe , the constant fear of another war more terrifying than the last one .
But wondering about the future of European military power at a time of somber cuts in defense budgets is not a cause for celebrating European peace or “ soft power . ”
Rather , it is potentially disquieting , for several reasons :
In all the important periods of its history , Europe always maintained a global perspective .
Yet now , just when everything has become “ global , ” the Europeans resist the broader view and the new dynamics of the 21st century .
Europe ’s territorial expansion has not been matched by any corresponding expansion of its strategic vision .
Asia is still perceived largely as an economic partner , even as United States rightly regards it as a potential strategic headache .
Much closer , the Middle East is often understood only in terms of the Arab - Israeli conflict , when even beyond the Iranian nuclear puzzle there are a number of other questions that deserve consideration —
Turkey ’s new regional policy , or the fates of Egypt and Saudi Arabia after their current rulers are gone .
In many ways , the European vision is narrower than it was during the Cold War : For example , Europe has no Russia experts as good as the former Soviet experts .
[ Written by John W. Loftus ] Below I 've put together all thirty theses ( so far ) that most Christians agree on and why they are all improbable :
1) There must be a God who is a simple being yet made up of three inexplicable persons existing forever outside of time without a beginning , who therefore never learned anything new , never took a risk , never made a decision , never disagreed within the Godhead , and never had a prior moment to freely choose his own nature .
2 ) There must be a personal non-embodied omnipresent God who created the physical universe ex-nihilo in the first moment of time who will subsequently forever experience a sequence of events in time .
3 ) There must exist a perfectly good , omnipotent God , who created a perfectly good universe out of a desire / need to glorify himself by rewarding in heaven the few human beings who just got lucky to believe by being born at the right time and place , and who will condemn to hell those who do not believe .
4 ) That the highest created being , known as Satan or the Devil , led an angelic rebellion against an omnipotent omniscient omnibenelovent omnipresent God , and expected to win-- which makes Satan out to be pure evil and dumber than a box of rocks .
5 ) That there was a first human pair ( Adam & Eve ) who so grievously sinned against God when tested that all of the rest of us are being punished for it ( including animals ) , even though no one but the first human pair deserved to be punished .
If it 's argued that all of us deserve to be punished because we all would have sinned , then the test was a sham .
For only if some of us would not have sinned can the test be considered a fair one .
But if some of us would not have sinned under the same initial conditions then there are people who are being punished for something they never would have done .
6 )
That although there are many other similar mythological stories told in Ancient Near Eastern Literature that pre-date what we read in the Bible , the stories in the Bible are about real events and real people .
7 ) That although we see completely different perspectives and evolving theologies in the Bible , including many things that are barbaric and superstitious to the core , it was authored by one divine mind .
8 ) That when it comes to verifiable matters of historical fact ( like the Exodus , the extent of the reign of David , Luke 's reported world - wide census , etc ) the Biblical stories are disconfirmed by evidence to the contrary as fairy tales , but when it comes to supernatural claims of miracles that cannot be verified like a virgin birth and resurrection from the grave , the Bible reports true historical facts .
9 )
That although a great number of miracles were claimed to have happened in the different superstitious cultures of the ancient world , only the ones in the Bible actually happened as claimed .
10 ) That an omniscient God could not foresee that his revealed will in the Bible would lead believers to commit such atrocities against others that reasonable people would conclude there is no divine mind behind the Bible .
I call this The Problem of Miscommunication .
11 ) That God created human beings with rational minds that require evidence before they accept something , and yet this same God does not provide enough evidence but asks them to have faith instead .
12 ) That although people around the world are raised in different cultures to believe in their particular god(s ) there is only one God and he will judge all people based upon whether or not they believe Jesus is Lord .
13 )
That Jesus fulfilled Old Testament prophecy even though there is not one passage in the Old Testament that is specifically fulfilled in his life , death , and resurrection that can legitimately be understood as a prophecy and singularly points to Jesus as the Messiah using today 's historical - grammatical hermeneutical method .
14 ) That although there were many false virgin birth claims about famous people ( like Julius Caesar , Alexander the Great , Plato ) mythical heroes ( like Mithra , Hercules ) and savior gods ( like Krishna , Osiris , Dionysus ) in the ancient world , Jesus was really born of a virgin .
15 )
That while there is no rational explanation for how a person can be 100 % man and 100 % God , and although ancient pagan superstitious people believed this can take place ( Acts 14:11 - 12 ; 28:6 ) , Jesus was incarnate God in the flesh .
16 ) That while the results of science are assured when it comes to chemistry , physics , meteorology , mechanics , forensic science , medical science , rocket science , computer science , and so forth , when it comes to evolutionary science that shows all present life forms have common ancestors , or when science tells us that dead bodies do not arise from the grave because total cell necrosis is irreversible , the results of science are wrong because the Bible says otherwise .
17 ) That although there is no rational explanation for why Jesus had to die on the cross to atone for our sins , his death atoned for our sins .
18 ) That although historical reconstructions of the past are are notoriously difficult because they depend on the poor evidence of history , and even though historians must assess that evidence by assuming a natural explanation for it , and even though historical evidence can never establish how to view that evidence , the Christian faith can be established historically anyway .
My argument is that when it comes to miraculous claims , yesterday ’s evidence no longer can hold water for me , for in order to see it as evidence , I must already believe in the framework that allows me to see it as evidence .
In other words , in order to see yesterday ’s evidence as evidence for me , I must already believe the Christian framework that allows me to see yesterday ’s evidence as evidence for Christianity .
19 ) That although there is no cogent theodicy that can explain why there is such ubiquitous and massive human and animal suffering if a perfectly good omnipotent God exists , God is perfectly good and omnipotent anyway .
20 ) That while scientific tests on petitionary prayers have produced at best negligible results and at worst completely falsified them , God answers these kinds of prayers anyway .
21 ) That even though Christianity shows evidence that it is nothing but a cultural by - product of human invention there is a divine mind behind it anyway .
22 ) That Jesus is the Son of God even though the textual evidence in the New Testament conclusively shows that the founder of the Jesus cult was a failed apocalyptic prophet who prophesied that the eschaton would take place in his generation , which would involve a total cosmic catastrophe after which God inaugurates a literal kingdom on earth with the " Son of Man " reigning from Jerusalem over the nations .
23 ) That although there can be no moral justification for the sufferings of animals in this created world , a perfectly good God created this world anyway .
We do n't even see God 's care for the lower animals in his supposed revealed word , which is described in Psalm 119 as his " perfect will . "
Think otherwise ?
Then read what I wrote here 24 )
That although the only method we have for determining the truth in factual matters is methodological naturalism , which assumes a natural explanation for any phenomena , and although this method is the hallmark of the sciences , the phenomena of the Bible can be exempted from this method as applied through Biblical Criticism , and believed anyway .
25 ) That although God 's supposed revelation in the canonical Bible is indistinguishable from the musings of an ancient , barbaric , superstitious people , the Bible is the word of God .
As SilverBullet recently said : “ ... the lord does n't work in mysterious ways , but in ways that are indistinguishable from his non-existence .
It seems to me that there is nothing in the Christian scriptures , no sentence , paragraph , or idea , that could n't be anything more than the product of the humans alive at the time that the apparently divinely inspired scriptures and ideas were " revealed " .
Sure , its possible for a god to reveal himself in an inspired book , and throughout history , in ways that are indistinguishable from the work of human minds and human minds alone .
But how probable does that seem to you ? ” 26 ) That although it 's claimed God got the attention of Abraham , Moses , the Pharaoh , Gideon , Mary , Joseph , and Saul ( who became Paul ) and that he knows how to get the attention of anyone and everyone , there is no objective evidence he 's trying to get the attention of the billions of people who do n't believe .
In fact , Christians are much more concerned than God is that non-believers are converted .
Just compare the lengths to which Christians will go in order to convert non-believers , with a God who has the means to convert everyone and yet does nothing to help them do this .
If you say God is helping to convert non-believers then tell us how to objectively know God is actually doing this .
27 ) Christianity is a faith that must dismiss the tragedy of death .
It does not matter who dies , or how many , or what the circumstances are when people die .
It could be the death of a mother whose baby depends upon her for milk .
It could be a pandemic like cholera that decimated parts of the world in 1918 , or the more than 23,000 children who die every single day from starvation .
These deaths could be by suffocation , drowning , a drive - by shooting , or being burned to death .
It does n't matter .
God is good .
Death does n't matter .
People die all of the time .
In order to justify God 's goodness Christianity minimizes the value of human life .
It is a pro-death faith , plain and simple .
28 ) That God 's punishments are good , right , and just , even though it means sinners are thrust into a surprisingly dangerous world , and in death will be blindsided by an eternal punishment in hell , which is " Christianity 's most damnable doctrine . "
In this world how do you think human beings first learned that venomous creatures like certain kinds of spiders , snakes , ants or scorpions could kill us ?
People / children had to die , lots of them .
How do you think human beings first learned that polluted water or lead poisoning could kill us ?
Again , people / children had to die , lots of them .
It was inevitable since God never told us what to avoid in order to stay alive .
We had to learn these kinds of things firsthand .
The same thing can be said for hell .
People do not know their choices will send them to an eternal punishment in hell .
For if we knew this , and if it was possible not to sin at all , we would n't sin .
Do you doubt this ?
Then consider that if you knew with certainty that by crossing a line drawn in the sand you would get beaten to a pulp by a biker gang , you would not do it !
29 ) When believers like Christians or Muslims contend their faiths are based on reason , one may simply object that this ca n’t be so because their god in fact does n’t allow it .
Using reason to arrive at any other belief than the correct one will earn you an eternity in hell .
Thus , reason is an evil to be avoided .... Blind , unquestioning , and unexamined belief is what the theist ’s retributive god truly desires , not a belief grounded in reason .
And yet they maintain Christianity is reasonable .
30 ) The Christian thinks there is an objective absolute morality that stems from their perfectly good God , which is both eternal and unchangeable .
But the morality we find in the Bible is something quite different than what they claim .
Morality has evolved .
What we find in the Bible is not something we would expect from a perfectly good God , but Christians believe there is a perfectly good God anyway .
So Christians must choose , either 1 ) hold to a philosopher 's god divorced from the historical realities of the Bible , or 2 ) continue to worship a moral monster . [ First posted 7/10/10 ]
The admins of social media site Reddit have been active in the last couple of days .
After pleading for financial help from the site 's users , which turned out to be a success and brought forth a new , freemium business model for Reddit , they 're now pointing out that Reddit has a lot more traffic than most analysts give them credit for .
If you look at services that measure traffic , such as Compete .
Quantcast or Nielsen , Reddit has , on average , less than 1 million monthly unique visits .
The truth , Reddit 's admins claim , is very different , and they 've supported it with a screenshot ( below ) from the site 's Google Analytics report from June 14 to July 14 , 2010 .
According to Reddit 's own Google Analytics data - which is arguably far more accurate than any third - party measurements - Reddit has over 8 million monthly unique visitors , 36 million visits and over 400 million monthly page views .
Why the discrepancy ?
Is it a technical issue ?
Reddit admins themselves do n't know .
In a blog post , they 're asking for help : " Can you grep the server logs to see how many visitors we send your way , and how it compares to other major referers ?
That kind of information would be invaluable . "
From our experience , web traffic analysis services are much better for determining trends than comparing absolute numbers .
Many of them , such as Compete , are U.S. - biased ; some may be biased with regards to what operating system or browser the visitors are using .
Sometimes , their numbers fluctuate wildly : recently , several sites wrote about Digg losing a third of its traffic in just one month , according to Compete .
Looking at the same graph now , Digg 's traffic numbers look vastly different .
Perhaps Reddit 's public outing will make analysts take a second look at their estimates of the site 's traffic .
Still , more importantly , Reddit claims its traffic is constantly growing , and its vibrant community seems to be as active as ever .
When times got tough , the service managed to leverage users ' loyalty and create a new business opportunity .
Hopefully , Reddit will continue to innovate and prove that this type of social media site , where users themselves create and curate most of the content , has a future .
This is timely .
I just about cried in the Podiatrist 's office yesterday afternoon when my new orthotics would n't fit in any of the shoes I brought in and he told me I 'd have to buy new shoes that would fit them and I was picturing some ginormous white , puffy , granny sneaker .
He has a waiting room full of Crocs for sale .
I was frightened .
I do n't even wear heels , but I can't deal with the thought of having to wear shoes that do n't seem like me .
Long the heart of the home - schooling movement , conservative evangelicals are cheering a new Department of Education report that shows the number of home - schooled students has surged by 74 percent over the past eight years , to 1.5 million .
" As a homeschooling parent myself , I understand the desire to give children an environment that affirms traditional values , " Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , wrote in an E - mail to supporters this week .
" The government has eliminated God from the classroom and too often replaced Him with an anti-life , anti-family curriculum that misses life 's deepest meaning . "
The Department of Education report , which finds that 83 percent of home - schooled students ' parents cite " providing religious or moral instruction " as one reason that they home - school — up from 72 percent who said so in a 2003 survey — would seem to suggest that evangelicals could be responsible for much of the growth in the movement .
But experts say that the home - schooling scene is diversifying and that the evangelical share of the movement is actually shrinking .
" We 're seeing an increase in the number of families that might cite moral and religious instruction as one factor but not the overriding one , " says Ian Slatter , spokesman for the Homeschool Legal Defense Association , a Christian - led advocacy group .
The association estimates that evangelicals account for just over half of home - schooling households today , down from about two thirds in 2000 .
In one sign of that growing diversification , membership in the Homeschool Legal Defense Association has grown by 42 percent in the last decade , to about 85,000 , while the number of home - schooling families has grown at a much faster rate .
According to the Department of Education report , released in late December , 36 percent of home - schooling parents reported that providing religious or moral instruction as the most important reason behind their decision , followed by " concern about the school environment " ( 21 percent ) and " dissatisfaction with the academic instruction available at other schools " ( 17 percent ) .
Because previous surveys did n't ask about the most important factor in the decision to home - school , it 's impossible to know if more or fewer parents are citing morals and religion as the primary reason .
The report did not ask home - schooling parents about their religious affiliation .
The Department of Education is planning to release a more detailed report on the demographics of home - schoolers later this year that will include such factors as race and income level , but the DOE does n't ask questions about religious affiliation , according to Gail Mulligan , a project officer at the National Center for Education Statistics .
Brian Ray , president of the National Home Education Research Institute , says recent studies suggest that evangelicals still account for roughly 70 percent of home - schooling families .
But the picture has changed dramatically since the 1980s , when conservative Christians launched the movement , he says .
" In the early years , you had to be a pretty big believer in something to home - school because there was a lot of adult peer pressure not to do it , " he says .
" There are a lot of people who now consider home - schooling who would have never 10 or 15 years ago . "
The National Home Education Research Institute , which supports home schooling , puts the number of home - schooled students above the Department of Education 's estimates , at just over 2 million .
The institute 's research has found that home - schooled students score about 15 to 30 percentile points above their public - school peers on standardized achievement tests .
Enlarge By Matt Goins , for USA TODAY Sons of Bardstown , Ky. : Ronnie Hibbs , 66 , left , and Don Parrish , 68 , fought side by side in a National Guard unit that lost five men in one battle in Vietnam WAR NUMBERS WAR NUMBERS Mike Spann Family photo FAMILIES OF THE FLAG FAMILIES OF THE FLAG " It 's like I hold him when I hold this flag .
I can hold Adam , " Florence McSween says tearfully .
Her son died in Iraq in 2007 .
The flag draped his casket .
Families of the Flag is a series of portraits by freelance photojournalist Steve LaBadessa accompanied by heartfelt words from relatives as they hold the American flags honoring family members who died in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars .
WATCH FAMILIES OF THE FLAG .
Afghanistan : America 's longest war
Butch Ivie , then a school administrator in Winfield , Ala. , remembers , " We thought we 'd soon have it tied up in a neat little bag . "
But bin Laden and Omar eluded capture .
The Taliban regrouped .
Today , Kandahar again is up for grabs .
And soon , Afghanistan will pass Vietnam as America 's longest war .
The Vietnam War 's length can be measured in many ways .
The formal beginning of U.S. involvement often is dated to Aug. 7 , 1964 , when Congress passed the Tonkin Gulf Resolution , giving the president a virtual carte blanche to wage war .
By the time the last U.S. ground combat troops were withdrawn in March 1973 , the war had lasted 103 months .
FAST FRIENDS : WWII vets meet at retirement community
U.S. forces attacked Afghanistan on Oct. 7 , 2001 .
On June 7 , the war will complete its 104th month .
President Obama on Thursday reaffirmed his commitment to the war , saying " it is absolutely critical that we dismantle that network of extremists that are willing to attack us . "
This longest war is far from America 's bloodiest .
It has drifted in and out of focus and , for much of its life , been obscured by another war , in Iraq .
How to gauge such a war 's impact on the home front on this Memorial Day weekend ?
USA TODAY visited two small communities : Bardstown , Ky. , which became famous for its losses in Vietnam , and Winfield , hometown of the first American to die in combat in Afghanistan .
As the home of Mike Spann , a 32 - year - old CIA paramilitary officer killed in northern Afghanistan on Nov. 25 , 2001 , Winfield understands just how long the United States has been at war and how illusory was the hope of a quick victory .
As a town whose Vietnam War memorials bear the names of 16 men , Bardstown also knows what war is like .
But neither Bardstown nor surrounding Nelson County has lost anyone in Afghanistan or Iraq ; here , the war is a distant drum .
Winfield ( pop. 4,500 ) is a dry town whose voters this month upheld the ban on alcohol by five votes .
Bardstown , twice as populous and much more prosperous , calls itself " The Bourbon Capital of the World . "
Both have National Guard units that served in Afghanistan or Iraq and pride themselves on always having answered the nation 's call to arms .
People agree the war has gone on too long .
But they differ on whether it 's time to end it .
To understand , listen to two sons of Bardstown who fought side by side in a National Guard unit that lost five men in one battle in Vietnam .
Don Parrish , 68 , says the goal was to catch bin Laden , " but we 're trading a lot of lives .
…
Somehow we need to end this mission , if for no other reason than to stop the killing — theirs and ours . "
Tom Raisor , 66 , says the mission can't end yet .
He says that just as the Communists needed to be stopped in Vietnam , al - Qaeda must be stopped today or it will again use Afghanistan as " a breeding ground for terrorists " to hit the U.S. homeland .
In Bardstown and Winfield , people grapple with another , even more troubling question : What if Afghanistan is a lost cause ?
What if the lives of Mike Spann and about 1,000 other Americans were lost in vain ?
Winfield : ' One of our boys '
After his son's death , Johnny Spann recalls , he would drive to his real estate office , park in back out of sight of the street , sit at his desk and cry .
No houses got built ; little business was done .
Still , because Mike was the first American to die in Afghanistan , his father says , he made a point of calling the parents of those who fell after him .
He did not tell them about God or country .
His message was simple : " I 'm so sorry .
I know how you feel .
I lost my son , too . "
The months passed , and the war continued , and eventually Johnny Spann stopped calling .
There were too many parents , too many dead children .
" Now , you can't remember all their names , there are so many , " he says .
His own son was an all - American kid , who in high school got good grades , went to church and on weekends drank a little beer and raised a little hell .
Mike was hardworking — as a teenager he built a house , earned a pilot 's license and had ambitions to see the world beyond Winfield .
Dale Weeks , a buddy , says Mike always talked of joining the military , then the FBI or CIA .
He graduated from Auburn in 1991 , served as an officer in the Marines for eight years and joined the CIA 's covert military operations unit .
After 9/11 , even though he was married and the father of three children , he volunteered to go to Afghanistan to fight alongside the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance .
On Nov. 25 , he was at a prison interrogating prisoners ( who included , although Spann did not realize it , John Walker Lindh , an American trained by al - Qaeda ) .
The prisoners rioted and attacked their captors with weapons hidden in their garments .
Spann was shot twice in the head .
Most people back in Winfield did n't even know Mike was in the CIA , let alone fighting in Afghanistan .
Dale
Weeks got the news from a friend who waved him down on the road .
At that moment , something changed .
" That was one of our boys , " he says of Mike .
" The war was n't just on TV anymore . "
Mike 's death , Weeks says , " was the biggest thing ever to hit Winfield . "
Journalists came from around the world .
" Life in Winfield will never be the same , " wrote Tracy Estes , news editor of the local Journal Record .
" The conflict has become very personal . "
The newspaper would name Spann 's death the top story of the past 40 years .
Much happens in 104 months , even in Winfield .
The high school football team made it to the state championship .
The town has installed several traffic lights , gotten a new postmaster , hired a new school superintendent and elected a new mayor .
The Pastime Theater , a Depression - era gem , has been restored .
There 's a new Wal - Mart and a new Auto Zone .
Alison Spann , 9 when her father died , has just turned 18 .
She graduates tonight from high school .
People remember what she wrote for her father 's memorial service .
Her grandfather Johnny read it as she stood at his side : " Daddy , I will miss you , but I know you 're going to a better place .
Thank you for making the world a better place . "
She put the letter in his casket , buried at Arlington National Cemetery .
Spann 's death still reverberates in a community where almost everyone knew him or his parents .
" We 're such a small town , there 's a common thread , and he 's a part of us , " says Ivie , the former school administrator who was Spann 's neighbor .
" People here are connected with each other , " explains Linda West , who taught Mike high school history .
" People here remember . "
They remember Craty Langston , who died in Okinawa in 1945 , and Larry Robison , who died in Binh Dinh in 1969 .
Now they 'll remember Mike Spann .
As a result , the war seems closer here .
People who 've never been there speak knowledgeably of Afghanistan , its frontier towns and fortresses , its obscure battles and warlords .
When there 's another war death , says Ivie , Mike 's comes back .
It comes back when he sees Mike 's granite memorial in the center of town , or the highway sign with his name or a car bearing one of the memorial decals Johnny printed up .
It comes back when he sees the electronic sign outside City Hall : " Pray for Our Troops . "
Still , people here do not agree on what 's next in Afghanistan .
The U.S. should pull out , Weeks says .
" It 's time to start bringing people home , " he says .
" We 've done about all we can do . "
Linda
West and her husband , Bill , who also taught Mike , worry about his legacy .
Bill says , " I do n't want to see that he gave his life for nothing … "
His wife finishes his thought : " … but will the president get to the point where he says , ' We ca n't sustain this anymore ' ? "
Bardstown : A distant war
People who were here in June 1969 remember what a distant war can do .
They remember how wives and parents went to bed praying not to dream , how they recoiled from the sound of a ringing phone or the sight of a military uniform .
How everyone seemed to be going to or coming from a funeral .
How lookouts at the edge of town waited for Army sedans bearing casualty notification teams .
" Sadness , " the local Kentucky Standard reported , " spread over our community like a pall . "
That was Bardstown after June 19 , when the North Vietnamese attacked Firebase Tomahawk in South Vietnam , killing 10 soldiers of the Kentucky National Guard , five of them from C Battery in Bardstown .
By early July , a total of seven Bardstown boys had died in the space of two weeks .
Today , Bardstown finds itself with not a single war death in Afghanistan or the war on terrorism .
A town that was one of the most luckless in America four decades ago now puzzles at its good fortune .
Don Parrish , a survivor of Tomahawk , raps twice on the flat arm of an oak chair in his bookstore .
His explanation is the same as everyone else 's here : dumb luck .
Before 1968 , when the Guard unit was unexpectedly called up , the Vietnam War " always seemed somewhere else , " according to Tom Raisor 's wife , Moneza .
That 's how Afghanistan seems now .
If the war ended , would anyone notice ?
" I 'm not sure they would , " Parrish says .
" There 's a lot of apathy . "
He says he does n't hear much talk about Afghanistan , even now that U.S. forces are ready to advance on Kandahar .
In contrast , he still thinks about Vietnam every day .
The wars in Afghanistan and Vietnam share length , and little else .
In some ways , Vietnam is the more tangible presence .
This year , for instance , people were excited when Ronnie Hibbs , 66 , finally got his Purple Heart medal for his wounds at Firebase Tomahawk .
No one bothered to file the paperwork in 1969 , and Bardstown was too traumatized to notice .
When C Battery was sent to Iraq several years ago , Hibbs and other veterans of the unit turned out to say goodbye .
Hibbs says there seems to be little general interest in the fighting , though : " You just do n't hear much about it .
Then ( during Vietnam ) , everyone knew someone who went over . "
Tom Raisor knows the war can't go on forever and recalls how former Defense secretary Robert McNamara years after Vietnam said it had been a mistake .
He wonders how the loved ones of the 58,000 Americans who died there felt about that , and how the loved ones of those who have fallen in Afghanistan will feel if , as he expects , this war ends in less than military victory .
His neighbor 's nephew , from neighboring Marion County , died in Iraq five years ago , and the man put up a memorial at the end of his driveway .
Recently , he took it down .
Perhaps because of Raisor 's war record — he got the Bronze Star in Vietnam — the man asked him whether he 'd done enough .
" Yes , I told him , " Raisor says .
" Yes , you did . "
ROLY - POLY CANNON 3
" Ping , ping ping ! "
We 've got even more Roly - Polys for you to blow up , burn or drown !
The version comes with a level editor , you can create and share your own levels .
Instructions
Eliminate the evil Roly - Polys in each level , spare the friendly ones .
Use the mouse to aim .
Move the mouse further away from the cannon to increase the power .
Left click to fire .
Finish the game in the least amount of shots to get a top score .
83
ROLY - POLY CANNON 3 WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Roly - Poly Cannon 3 is an online action game developed by Johnny K , and has been played 1850785 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
It ’s being quite popular among Russian astronauts , or actually the Cosmonauts to blog from space , while staying on the International Space Station .
As a result we can get pretty unique photos with live comments of how our Earth can be seen from that altitude , unedited and pretty amateur looking making this kind of fun even more charming .
Here we have a huge pack of freshly shoot photos while flying somewhere there above our heads , gotten directly from Russian space agency as the space blogger has published them live thru his blogging account .
It ’s twenty first century , baby !
the Crimea
Simferopol
Niagara Falls
the Crimea
Kamchatka
Weighting in weightlessness
Bahamas
Sunset
Africa
North light
Beautiful
Moscow
Oil spill
Korolyov city
North light
Amazing !
“ Rassvet ” section
Discharge of “ Atlantis ”
ISS communication
Working in the open space
“ Atlantis ”
EXCLUSIVE
CHILDREN of recent Asian migrants are dramatically outperforming students from English - speaking households to dominate the ranks of the top selective high schools .
A Herald analysis shows 42 per cent of children from non-English speaking backgrounds who sat the annual selective high school entrance test last year won a place in the elite system .
Fewer than 23 per cent of students whose families speak English at home were successful .
Letters and emails were sent this week to inform 4133 year 6 students that they had won a place for next year at a selective high school .
More than his vast fortune or rocket - soled boots or even Pepper Potts , the thing I envy most about Tony Stark are his computers .
Here 's a video of how motion design company Prologue perfected Tony 's fantastic holographic interfaces .
Advertisement
Motionographer has a veritable treasure trove of photos and video from Prologue , showing how every element of Stark 's UI in Iron Man 2 was tirelessly tweaked .
Click to view
And it shows .
Alongside those of Minority Report and maybe Quantum of Solace , the interfaces in Iron Man 2 are among the most thrilling and memorable I 've seen in any movie .
These types of interactions are still the stuff of the future — though maybe not as distant a future as you 'd think — but it makes them no less exciting to see on the screen .
Advertisement
It 's not just that it 's fun to watch , either ; these types of imaginative interfaces push us to consider that the way we interact with computers can have a profound impact on what we do with computers .
As Justin Cone at Motionographer says , " Yeah yeah , it 's " just " fiction , but it 's edifying nonetheless .
It points to the very real fact that many of the challenges facing contemporary society today can benefit from - or perhaps even by solved through - graphics . "
Check out more of Prologue 's beautiful work for Iron Man 2 over to Motionographer .
[ Prologue via Motionographer ]
A short account of the Anarchist and Maximalist uprising in Samara in May 1918 .
After Moscow , Samara , a city on the Volga , was one of the strongholds of anarchism in Russia in the period just after the February Revolution .
David Kogan edited the anarchist paper Chernoe Znamia ( Black Flag ) in Samara in 1917 - 1918 .
Another local anarchist of importance was Alexander Moiseevich Karasik ( born 1895 in the Ukraine ) .
He had the signal honour of being excommunicated from the local synagogue for his anarchist activities and his name expunged from the list of the local Jewish community ( his brother Vladimir became a distinguished Soviet pharmacologist and toxicologist , surviving the Stalin era and dying in 1964 ) ..
In June 1917 the provincial commissar was forced to register an anarchist - communist group in Samara .
Along with other political groups , the anarchists met in one of the merchants ’ rooms of the Aquarium restaurant , where they established their HQ .
They took an active part alongside the Bolsheviks in the October events .
At the end of 1917 the Samara Federation of Anarchists ( SFA ) was formed , including anarchist - communists and anarcho - syndicalists .
The Federation was supported by the stevedores and dockers organised in a large union and by the union of cab drivers and dray drivers as well as by many sailors of the Volga flotilla .
The Federation organised the formation of combat detachments and many anarchists were in the mixed brigades of the Red Guards organised by the local Revolutionary Committee .
Seizing several buildings , including municipal buildings and the mansions of the rich , the Federation had its main office at the Filimonava Hotel on the newly named Revolution Square .
By the beginning of 1918 the Federation had increased its numbers considerably .
Many anarchist detachments operated on the front against the White forces .
In winter 1918 several of these detachments located in Samara .
There was the Northern Flying Squad led by Smorodinov , the detachment led by Fedor Popov ( 1 ) , the Northern Third Squad , the First Sailors ’ Anarchist Detachment , etc .
In mid-March , the anarchist Kudinsky arrived from Moscow with 300 combatants .
In spring 1918 , according to some reports , the total number of armed anarchists in Samara was a thousand .
The Bolsheviks on the Executive Committee of the Gubernia wanted to send these detachments to the front at Orenburg as quickly as possible .
Fired with revolutionary enthusiasm , these detachments went there willingly .
The detachment led by Karasik fought bravely against the forces of Dutov .
There at the front and in Buguruslan and Buzuluk counties the anarchist detachments refused the authority of the “ military experts ” and commissars appointed by the Bolshevik military authorities .
After several engagements with the Orenburg Cossack detachments Popov and Smorodinov retreated and took up a large area in Buguruslan county .
Smorodinov with 600 partisans in armoured cars occupied the town of Buguruslan .
There during three months they organised an autonomous area of scores of peasant villages with a population of many thousands run on anarchist lines .
Meanwhile , in spring 1918 in the city a new political force was emerging - that of the Maximalists , the far left of the Socialist Revolutionaries who had now completely broken with the parent SR party .
Their ideas were close to those of the anarchists in many instances and they began both to increase in number and to form a close working relationship with the Anarchists .
They waged a successful political debate with the Bolsheviks and one of their leaders , Alexander Yakovlevich Dorogoychenko ( editor of the Maximalist paper Workers Republic ) , became the provincial commissar of agriculture , and his associate Kuz'min the Commissar of Finance and a member of the Military Collegium .
The Maximalists also organised their own military detachments in Samara .
The Bolsheviks were already planning the crushing of their opponents to their left .
On April 6th 1918 the Bolshevik leader Ordzhonikidze and the Cheka had attacked the Anarchist Federation of Rostov on the Don and smashed it .
From mid-April to early May many anarchist groups and federations in many areas , including Saratov , were attacked by the Bolsheviks .
There was the major assault on the Moscow anarchists on 12th April and the attack on the Petrenko detachment to the south at Tsaritsyn at around the same time as the assault on the Samara Anarchists and Maximalists that was about to happen .
On May 1st the Anarchists and the dockers held a rally with the slogan “ Down with the Commissarocracy ” .
On the 6th May the Smorodinov detachment was disarmed by the Bolsheviks .
On May 8th the Samara City Council , controlled by the Bolsheviks , began referring to the “ gang of Anarchists and Maximalists ” and declared them illegal .
Popov was arrested that night , and his detachment disarmed .
The 3rd All - Russian Congress of the Maximalists met on 10th - 15th May and expressed concern about Bolshevik aggression against their groups at Izhevsk , Samara and Votkinsk .
The 6th Provincial Congress of Soviets met in Samara at this time .
The Bolsheviks , led by Galaktionov , demanded an increase of the tax in kind ( i.e. food requisitioning ) .
The Maximalist Dorogoychenko , on the other hand , proposed the end of the influence of political parties and the creation of a non-partisan Provincial Executive Committee .
The Bolsheviks objected but the Congress has ceased to trust them .
Suddenly Fyodor Popov appeared .
He called for the confiscation of all food and other products and the solution to the heavy food requisitioning of the peasants of the surrounding countryside .
The Congress adopted this by a majority .
Dorogoychenko became head of the Provincial Executive Committee , and Kuzmin headed the Military Collegium .
The City Council was still controlled by the Bolsheviks .
The Provincial Executive Committee insisted that the Bolshevik - controlled City Council release all those previously arrested , re-arm the militias for the fight against the Whites , and lift the ban on the local revolutionary press .
Samara was now operating independently from the Bolshevik authorities and waging its own independent war against the White army of Dutov .
Meanwhile the forces of Dutov began to advance on Samara .
The Bolsheviks began to panic and on May 16th issued a call for the requisitioning of all horses in Samara .
This was the final straw for the citizens of Samara .
The Bolshevik leadership did not consider that this had dire consequences for the Samara population with many depending on their horses for their living .
In addition to the numerous cab drivers , many peasants relied on their horses for transport and for their living .
On the evening of May 16th an armed Bolshevik detachment tried to requisition the horses of the cab drivers .
The following morning a crowd of several hundred people gathered outside the City Council building to protest against this , gradually increasing in size and becoming increasingly angry .
At midday the City Council backed down and rescinded the requisitioning .
There followed a clash between the cab drivers and Red Army troops led by the Bolsheviks Augenfish and Kotylov .
Firing broke out and the crowd attacked the troops .
Augenfish was killed and the troops fled .
More and more people , many carrying arms , began to assemble in the square and then marched through Samara chanting anti-Bolshevik slogans .
The City Council building was captured by the insurgents an hour later .
Officers of the Red Army passed over to the side of the insurgents and they were put in charge of some of the detachments .
The fighting in the city went on all evening and night .
As a result , the morning of May 18th the insurgents had seized the main Post and Telegraph office , the building of the criminal police and other police stations , as well as the prison where all prisoners , numbering two dozen , were released .
Early on May 19th Bolshevik troops stormed the anarchist centres - the Filimonova Hotel on Revolution Square where the 1st Sailors Anarchist detachment was based , the Telegin Hotel on Cathedral Street where Kudinsky and Smorodinov were barricaded in , and the City Council building , now the insurgent HQ .
The following day they finally smashed the uprising .
The provincial executive committee was officially dissolved by the Bolsheviks and power passed into the hands of a Revolutionary Committee led by the Bolshevik Kuibyshev ( Samara was renamed Kuibyshev between 1935 and 1990 ) .
According to incomplete data , several hundred active participants in the uprising were shot , but the archives have not yet become public .
On the 5th June 150 combatants of the Anarchist Flying Squad attacked Samara prison and freed 470 prisoners there on the eve of the capture of Samara by the Czechoslovak troops .
In the shootout with prison guards one of the leading militants of the Samara Anarchist Federation , Alekseev , imprisoned after the events , was killed ( 2 ) .
After the events Dorogoychenko moved to Moscow and carried on Maximalist activity there .
He later became an Anarchist and according to security sources returned to Samara where in 1923 he set up a branch of the Anarchist Black Cross .
His later fate is unknown .
Karasik was arrested in 1919 and put in a concentration camp until the end of the Civil War .
He appears to have then gone to Moscow where he was again arrested in 1921 and sentenced the following year as a member of an underground anarchist organisation for which he received a sentence of 3 years .
His later fate is unknown .
He was rehabilitated by the Moscow Prosecutor ’s Office in 1997 .
(1) Born in 1897 , Fedor Dmitrievich Popov was an anarchist communist .
Since December 1917 Popov commanded a large detachment of Samara anarchists .
After the disarmament of the Popov detachment by the Bolsheviks in May 1918 , Popov himself experienced constant harassment , and arrests .
He was shot on March 7th 1938 at Magadan in the Russian Far East .
(2) A.A. Alekseev , an anarchist since tsarist times , a delegate to the All - Russian Congresses of the Soviets and an organiser of the metalworkers union ..
NICK HEATH
Sources : www.matveev.samara.ru/index.php/statji/352-stat
Anti-Bolshevik uprising in Samara
samgd.ru/files/cc/8f/6680e754e6b1d0605df2454e9225.doc
news.samaratoday.ru/wheel_d_m.php?m=5&d=17&r=21
webground.su/rubric/2010/05/17/nauka_istorija/
dlib.eastview.com/browse/doc/7624498
It is said that Erbil , the capital of the Kurdish region of the same name in Northern Iraq , is the one place on earth in which George W. Bush could still win an election .
While the Kurds continue to lose faith and become frustrated with US President Barack Obama 's stance over their internal borders and sharing of natural resources , the legacy of the Bush administration 's involvement in the region is supported and celebrated .
The Kurdish region – and Erbil in particular – is enjoying somewhat of an economic boom and the state of security , as much as is possible in Iraq , is relatively stable mainly thanks to the US support shown to the Kurdish militias , known as peshmerga , who have managed to keep out Sunni Arab insurgents .
Even Turkish incursions across the border have failed to unsettle the sense of renewal .
The resource - rich north of the country has probably profited the most from the 2003 US - led invasion which toppled Saddam Hussein 's government and many Kurds are still very grateful for that intervention .
They also remember that US support for the no- flight zone helped protect the region 's slow recovery and allowed the Kurds to pursue autonomy from the rest of Saddam 's Iraq in the 1990s .
As well as being a region where the former President Bush would be welcomed , it is perhaps the only part of Iraq where US troops are still embraced as liberators .
Oil and gas reserves maintain US interest in the region
New modern shopping centres are a sign of Erbil 's rise
The result of American investment in the region 's stability and economy is an almost Western capital where shopping malls buttress plots of land put aside for hotel complexes and golf courses .
Erbil is a city of opportunity and one full of foreigners , mostly Americans , who work and consult with the many oil and gas companies at the heart of the Kurdish region 's wealth .
Among them are a number of former US diplomats and military officials from the George W. Bush - era who are now reaping their own rewards from the pro-US atmosphere in the Kurdish region .
People like former US ambassador to the United Nations Zalmay Khalilzad , Jay Garner , the former administrator of the Coalition Provisional Authority of Iraq , and former US government advisor to the Kurds Peter Galbraith , have all held paid advisory or board positions at Kurdish oil and gas companies at one time or another since retiring from office .
Given the Obama administration 's support for the government in Baghdad in its dispute with the Kurds over the sharing of oil and gas reserves , the involvement of former US officials in expanding and strengthening the Kurds ' grip on their region 's resources has created clashes with Washington over the White House 's stated policy of preserving Iraq 's unity .
While some work with Kurdish companies , others represent the dozens of foreign oil companies who were awarded concessions in oil field auctions against the wishes of the central government in Baghdad .
Kurdish lobby groups in Washington build pressure on Obama
Kurds want more territorial rights in Northern Iraq
Obama is not only feeling the pressure from Iraq .
The Kurds have developed an impressive lobbying system in Washington based on their contacts with former politicians from the Bush administration , many of which remain advocates of the Kurdish cause and supporters of the right of statehood for the strategically important region between Iran , Syria and Turkey .
According to the US lobby watchdog the Foreign Lobbyist Influence Tracker , the Kurdish region ranks among the top 10 buyers of lobbying services in the United States .
The Kurds are using their lobbying and public relations machine to apply pressure on the Obama administration to cement a " strategic and institutional relationship " with the US akin to that enjoyed by Israel and Taiwan and push the US to influence Baghdad over their territorial rights in the north of Iraq .
" The Kurds certainly seek a ' special relationship ' with the US within Iraq and probably also support on contentious issues like the so - called Article 140 matters concerning disputed territories where Kurdistan meets Arab – and Turkomen – Iraq , " Michael O'Hanlon , a senior fellow in foreign , national security and defence policy at the Brookings Institution in Washington , told Deutsche Welle .
" In earlier eras , the Kurds probably hoped that a relationship with the US could be preserved even if the rest of Iraq fell apart .
That has probably changed .
But as a back - up plan , the Kurds do like thinking of the US as their ultimate security guarantor , although this is not stated explicitly "
According to O'Hanlon , " the Kurds are pushing for a more favorable resolution of disputed territorial matters than autonomy .
There is a kernel of truth to the concept of more autonomy though as they apparently want flexibility to sign oil contracts with foreign firms without the need for a blessing from Baghdad – and that would be problematic if it makes the Sunnis in particular feel left out . "
Kurdish message to Washington :
We are major players
While the Kurds have n't been involved in the business of lobbying in the US capital for very long , they develped a knack for it quickly .
" The Kurds are doing a lot of lobbying in Washington , and they are learning the game rather well , sending people not only to congressional hearings but to all meetings in Washington that touch on the politics of the region , not only Iraq – and of course the lobbying firms do their job behind the scenes , " Marina Ottaway , the Director of the Middle East Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace told Deutsche Welle .
" From the point of view of Washington , the Kurds were useful to the US in the days of Saddam Hussein , but now they make things more complicated with the issue of the contentious region of Kirkuk and indeed tensions along the entire order between Kurdistan and Iraq , " she added .
" The Kurds are not exactly demanding more autonomy ; they want to keep what they have .
The changes they want are territorial adjustments .
Nobody is going to try and reduce their autonomy . "
Instability due to Kurdish autonomy a threat but a remote one
The Kurds are well - prepared but a return to war is unlikely
While the Kurds have influential friends both in Washington and back in Erbil , many power - brokers in the current US government are wary of supporting the Kurdish campaign for increased autonomy as it goes against the policy of a unified Iraq espoused by the White House and the Iraqi government .
Some senior US officials still believe that giving in to Kurdish demands could break up Iraq and destabilize Turkey .
" The danger of instability and even disintegration in Iraq is there , but it is not the result of Kurdish autonomy , rather of the incapacity of the factions and above all of top personalities to compromise , " said Ottaway .
" There could be strife over territory and that could be extremely destabilizing .
If something goes wrong , the next step may be a push for independence , but it would only happen if the Iraqi government tries to limit Kurdish autonomy , and I do not think they will try . "
Author : Nick Amies
Editor : Michael Knige
U.S. state and local efforts to create feed - in tariff ( FIT ) programs will not work as well as those in Europe unless regulators adopt the key principles that have made FIT programs so successful on the Continent , analysts say .
And , they add , this is unlikely to happen unless U.S. regulators , utilities and key players stop thinking near - term and start fighting against entrenched interests in order to adopt the basic principles key to FIT programs .
“ People are thinking very short - term – look at what I ’m doing for myself – and that ’s what causes all this fighting , ” said Ted Ko , associate executive director of the FIT Coalition , a Bay Area - based group promoting the adoption of FITs on a local , state and nationwide level .
Experts agree that a successful FIT program has several key elements :
Procure renewable energies at a price it costs to produce them
Allow for a diversity of energy sources , not just solar
Differentiate prices by technology , not application
No caps
And they agree that U.S. programs fail to meet these measures .
“ It ’s a bit of a patchwork across the board , ” said Toby Couture , director of energy analysis at E3 Analytics in Canada .
Like many FIT observers , Couture cited Vermont and the city of Gainesville as the most forward thinking in the states .
But he noted that Gainesville only targets solar PV and both the Florida city and Vermont have caps .
“ Caps are crucial .
They are one of the major impediments to designing more aggressive feed - in tariffs in the U.S. , ” Couture said .
He noted that some European countries , like France , have caps , but the French set caps for onshore wind and solar PV at several thousand megawatts , so they act more like targets similar to an RPS ( renewable portfolio standard ) than a cap .
At the end of June , Oregon announced what it called its “ incentive rate pilot programs for Solar PV Systems . ”
The total program capacity is 25 MW .
“ Why bother ? ” asked FIT expert Paul Gipe .
“ Oregon has set everything back – possibly by two years because of this pilot program .
It ’s so small , what ’s the point ?
And it ’s only PV . ”
[ Editor ’s Note : For an in - depth discussion of Feed - in tariffs with Paul Gipe where he offers his global outlook and explains his North American report card , register for Alta Terra ’s live web conference and teleconference .
The event is co-produced by RenewableEnergyWorld.com and is schedule to take place on August 5 , 2009 . ]
Others agreed that many U.S. programs cater solely to the solar industry and this is a policy mistake .
Wilson Rickerson , CEO of Meister Consultants Group , said it ’s not just a diversity of technologies , but a diversity of size that ’s key .
“ It ’s not just PV and gigantic wind but small biogas , ” he noted .
He said while there ’s been much made of the boom in Germany ’s solar market , the real FIT success story there is biomass and biogas .
He suspected that solar gets all the press here “ because the solar industry is fighting the loudest .
It would be great if the U.S. biogas industry or the farm lobby or community wind got up in arms for community feed - in tariffs . ”
And there are big gains to be had .
Ontario ’s FIT , considered the gold standard on this side of the Atlantic , has generated close to $ 10 billion in investment since it was officially launched last fall , said Canadian - based analyst Toby Couture .
He said the program has “ been really positively received , ” is fully differentiated by technology and has attracted a wide spectrum of players .
Once again , the cap - less program provides benefits .
“ With caps you limit the ability to develop the manufacturing base that is associated with renewable energy development . ”
He said a key to Germany ’s success and its ability to leverage so much global capital is its uncapped policy environment .
A study published July 7 by the University of California at Berkeley showed that if California enacted a FIT for solar projects up to 20 MW , the program would create 280,000 jobs over the next decade , produce over $ 2 billion in additional tax revenue for the state and stimulate up to $ 50 billion in new private investment .
It would also fulfill California ’s 33 % RPS by 2020 on schedule .
Many point to federal energy law as a hindrance and note that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) has the authority to regulate wholesale rates of electricity .
“ The question has been brought up – Are states allowed to set rates ? ” noted Ko of the FIT Coalition .
He said there are a variety of legal opinions that show that this is not a legal problem , but acknowledged that the threat of legal difficulties is a possible issue .
Asked why the U.S. is so behind other countries , analysts had different views .
Ko speculates that utilities are providing the main opposition because “ they would prefer to work within the RPS procedures as they are now . ”
He said large industry is concerned that its rates will go up and it is not supportive of policies “ that will level the playing field for everyone . ”
Couture , of E3 Analytics in Canada , agreed , noting that the current assets of coal , natural gas and nuclear still have a useful life .
“ Until that becomes more pressing a lot of utilities are dragging their heals . ”
He also said the level of public awareness in Europe is higher than it is in the U.S.
“ In Germany no politician could get elected if they did n’t openly believe that renewable energy was the way of the future . ”
That ’s not the case in the United States .
Miriam Widman has more than 20 years experience as a journalist and has covered the wave and solar industries for Off the Record Research , an investment research group .
She also contributes to NPR and to the Willamette Week , a weekly newspaper in Portland , Oregon .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The real BP website — where press releases are titled “ BP is Not Aware of Any Reason for Share Price Movement ” and every pelican is a clean , happy pelican — all but welcomes satire as a response to the “ slow - motion tragedy ” in the Gulf .
On Twitter , @BPGlobalPR fills the niche .
More than 150,000 people have signed up to follow the faux BP flack on Twitter since the anonymous humorist behind @BPGlobalPR lobbed the first tweet at BP ’s manhandling of the oil spill May 19 .
More importantly , the satirist has raised $ 20,000 in two weeks for gulf restoration efforts through the sale of his “ BP Cares ” T - shirts .
The actual BP media relations team , which recently expanded to include Dick Cheney ’s former publicist , Anne Womack - Kolton , has thus far wisely left him alone .
“ If BP wants to shut us down , they are welcome to , ” the mind behind @BPGlobalPR told Mother Jones in an email interview Thursday .
“ We had to change our bio on Twitter , but the changes we ’ve made are the only changes we are willing to make .
We ’ve raised 20 k to clean up their mess . ”
Below , a satirical Mother Jones interview with BP about media access , endangered species , and the real reason BP endorses and funds renewable energy projects .
Mother Jones : How ’s that Dick Cheney media relations new hire working out for BP ?
BP Global PR :
It ’s been a real game changer .
The grab - ass room is pretty much closed for business .
Basically all we do is watch terrible videos of death and destruction on the Internet .
Having a hard time communicating .
I ask if she wants anything from Coldstone , she just says , “ everyone dies . ”
MJ : How does your company feel about the endangered animals killed by the spill ?
Were they asking for it or what ?
BPGPR : What has happened to the animals is unfortunate .
What ’s even worse is that people are taking pictures of it .
If you see any photos , delete them and make a solemn promise that you will forget you ever saw them .
If you see someone taking pictures , capture them and call us .
We ’ll handle it .
Click here to watch PBS ’s Need to Know interview a ski-masked Leroy Stick .
MJ : You said BP cleanup found mermaids , but they ’re now extinct .
Can you elaborate ?
BPGPR : We were dropping the top hat down by the pipe and we accidentally knocked over a mermaid nest .
There were a bunch of dead magical mermaids in it .
A couple of merdudes too I think , but who can tell ?
MJ : What ’s the real reason BP endorses and funds renewable energy projects ?
BPGPR : To own them , control them and stop them , duh .
MJ : I do n’t know how to tell you this , but @MacMcClelland wants to know if you ’re single .
“ Ask him if he ’ll make out with me , ” she says .
Sheesh .
You game ?
BPGPR : Prolly .
MJ : You mentioned on Twitter that “ Safety is our primary concern .
Well , profits , then safety .
Oh , no — profits , image , then safety , but still — it ’s right up there . ”
What ’s number four on the BP list ?
BPGPR : It actually goes : Profits , image , ads , liability cap , XBox , silencing fishermen , and then safety .
MJ : I was thinking a few million “ bp cares ” T - shirts might plug the hole .
Should I buy like a couple thousand at Street Giant and have them shipped to you at BP HQ or…?
BPGPR : Please buy these things .
We are going on day 20 of the T - shirt machine spill and we still ca n’t shut it off .
We need to get these things out of here .
They cost $ 25 and I accidentally signed all the profits away to the Gulf Restoration Network .
We ’ve already raised $ 20,000 for them in two damn weeks .
This is money we could be gambling .
MJ : Has anyone in the Twitterverse newbed up and thought you were really , like , BP or Deepwater Horizon corporate PR ?
BPGPR : What ?
It ’s questions like these that confuse me and piss me off .
Do n’t be a pickledick .
Cheney has a history of heart problems and has a pacemaker .
Cheney has had four heart attacks [ current as of Feb. 22 , 2010 ] , starting when he was 37 .
He has had quadruple bypass surgery and two artery - clearing angioplasties .
In 2001 , he had a special pacemaker implanted in his chest .
The pacemaker 's battery was replaced in 2008 , and then the entire device was replaced .
A summary of Vice President Dick Cheney 's heart problems :
- 1978 : Cheney 's first heart attack .
A spokesperson for Vice President Cheney tells FOX the VP stopped smoking after his first heart attack , contrary to preliminary reports .
- 1984 : His second heart attack .
- 1988 : After suffering his third heart attack , Cheney had quadruple bypass surgery in August to clear clogged arteries .
- Nov. 22 , 2000 : Cheney suffered what doctors called a " very slight " heart attack - his fourth .
He underwent an angioplasty that day to open a clogged artery .
- March 5 , 2001 : Cheney went to George Washington University Hospital after feeling chest pains .
Doctors performed another angioplasty to reopen the artery that had been opened in November .
They implanted a stent , a little metal scaffolding , to prop open the almost completely blocked artery .
- June 29 , 2001 : Cheney disclosed he had been experiencing irregular heart rhythms and would check into a hospital on June 30 for tests that may lead to the implant of a pacemaker to restore normal rhythm .
Since the heart attack in November 2000 , Cheney said he regularly exercised for 30 minutes on a treadmill and watches his diet .
He was taking medication to lower his cholesterol .
- November 13 , 2004 : Cheney underwent three hours of tests after experiencing shortness of breath .
His wife said Cheney had nothing more than a bad cold and his heart was fine .
- Sept. 24 , 2005 : Cheney underwent successful , elective , minimally invasive , endovascular repair of arterial aneurysms behind his right and left knees .
Small aneurysms were identified behind both knees during the Vice President 's annual physical examination in July .
- Jan. 9 , 2006 : Cheney was hospitalized for four and a half hours due to shortness of breath .
Doctors found his EKG unchanged , and determined Cheney was retaining fluid because of medication he was taking for a foot problem .
- March 5 , 2007 : An ultrasound revealed a deep venous thrombosis ( DVT ) or blood clot in Cheney 's left lower leg .
His doctors planned to treat him with blood thinning medication for several months .
- November 26 , 2007 : Cheney went to his doctors complaining of a lingering cough , but during the checkup they determined that he was experiencing atrial fibrillation , an abnormal rhythm involving the upper chambers of the heart .
His medical team sent the vice president to George Washington University Hospital for further tests , where it was decided that the electrical impulse was needed to restore a regular heartbeat .
" The procedure went smoothly and without complication , " the vice president 's office said in a statement issued by the White House .
- Oct. 15 , 2008 -- Cheney was treated " without complication " for an abnormal heartbeat , his office said , making a short visit to a hospital to restore his normal rhythm with an electric shock .
It was the second time in less than a year that Cheney , then 67 , had experienced and been treated for an atrial fibrillation , an abnormal rhythm involving the upper chambers of the heart .
He went to George Washington University Hospital in the afternoon for treatment .
The process took nearly two hours .
- Nov.8 , 2008 -- Doctors scanned Cheney 's legs on to evaluate arthritis in his knees .
- Feb. 17 , 2009 -- Cheney underwent elective back surgery .
He underwent the operation at George Washington University Hospital to deal with lumbar spinal stenosis , a common cause of lower back pain in older adults .
Spinal stenosis is a narrowing of the spinal canal -- the passage for the spinal cord -- which in turn puts pressure on nerves , causing pain .
Surgery is done to widen the passage and ease that pressure , typically by removing a bit of the vertebra .
Dr. Anthony Caputy , chairman of the hospital 's neurosurgery department , performed the operation .
- September 17 , 2009 : Cheney went to The George Washington University Hospital for elective surgery to deal with lumbar spinal stenosis .
Dr. Anthony Caputy , Chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery , was scheduled to perform the operation .
- Feb. 22 , 2010 -- Cheney was hospitalized after experiencing chest pains .
The next day his office disclosed that lab testing had revealed evidence of a mild heart attack .
He underwent a stress test and a heart catheterization .
He was said to be feeling good and was expecting to be discharged in one or two days .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Forty - five public interest groups expressed opposition on Wednesday to a Democratic bill requiring greater disclosure in campaign financing , saying an exemption for the powerful National Rifle Association was unjust .
“ There is no legitimate justification for privileging the speech of one entity over another , or of reducing the burdens of compliance for the biggest organization yet retaining them for the smallest , ” they wrote Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi .
The largely liberal signers of the letter included the Alliance for Justice , League of Conservation Voters and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
Their opposition raised a new hurdle for the White House - backed measure to blunt the impact of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling this year that opened the gates for unlimited campaign spending by corporations , unions and other groups .
The bill , which backers have hoped would take effect before the November congressional elections , would require unprecedented disclosure of money in politics .
Supporters had hoped to win House passage as early as this week , but it is now unclear if they have the necessary support in the Democratic - led chamber .
Representative Chris Van Hollen , head of the House Democratic campaign committee , is chief sponsor .
“ At this point , I ’m assuming that Van Hollen feels he does n’t have the votes yet , ” said Craig Holman of Public Citizens ’ Congress Watch , a backer of the bill .
“ But I still feel that he will get there because this is so important . ”
“ The legislation still provides what the public desperately needs ... full disclosure of corporate and wealthy funding sources behind express advocacy ads , ” Holman wrote in an op -ed in the National Journal on Wednesday .
Several other public interest groups also back the bill , “ The Disclose Act , ” saying the exemption was limited and would help get pro-NRA lawmakers to vote for it .
Doug Thornell , a Van Hollen spokesman , said , “ The DISCLOSE Act will increase transparency and disclosure , and ensure the American people know who is spending money on elections . ”
FACES TOUGH FIGHT IN SENATE
Even if the bill wins House approval , it faces a tough fight in the Democratic - led Senate where Republicans are virtually certain to try to raise a procedural roadblock .
In order to muster support for the bill and end NRA opposition to it , top House Democrats agreed this week to grant the 4 - million member organization and a few other large groups a partial exemption .
Under the accord , the NRA , one of the most influential lobbying groups on Capitol Hill , would not have to disclose its top donors on its campaign ads .
The NRA , however , like other groups , would have to put its own name on any of its spots .
The proposed exemption on donor disclosure would apply only to groups that have at least 1 million members , are at least 10 years old and receive less 15 percent or less of its funds from corporations or unions .
In addition to the NRA , the only other groups that would apparently qualify for the exemption are the AARP , a top advocacy group for the elderly , and the Humane Society .
Butter could provide an eco-friendly raw material for making biodiesel fuel .
Credit : USDA , Agricultural Research Service
The search for new raw materials for making biodiesel fuel has led scientists to an unlikely farm product — butter .
In a new study in ACS ' bi-weekly Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry , they report that butter could be used as an eco-friendly feedstock , or raw material , for making diesel fuel .
Michael Haas and colleagues cite rising global demand for biodiesel , and the desire to expand the feedstock base , as motivating factors for their research .
The United States alone has committed to producing 36 billion gallons of biofuel by 2022 , a major increase from the current annual production level of about 11 billion gallons .
Most of that was ethanol .
Biodiesel production , now approaching 1 billion gallons annually in the U.S. , is also slated to increase .
As researchers seek additional and affordable feedstocks for biodiesel production , these scientists turned to butter , one billion pounds of which are produced annually .
Could surplus , spoiled , or nonfood - grade butter be used to make biodiesel at competitive prices ?
In an effort to find out , the scientists recovered the fat from a quarter - ton of butter and converted it into the fatty acid esters that constitute biodiesel .
They found that the resulting material met all but one of the official test standards for biodiesel .
The study concluded that with further purification or by blending with biodiesel from other feedstocks butter biodiesel could add to the supply of biobased fuel for diesel engines .
Explore further Biodiesel fuel use growing steadily
More information : " Butter as a Feedstock for Biodiesel Production " , Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
The old adage about it being a recession if your neighbor is out of work and a depression if you are out of work is , I think , particularly apt these days .
The jobless are in agony , and the large businesses are laughing all the way to the bank .
A study recently covered in The New York Times claims that the " intervention " efforts ( stimulus , Wall Street 's bailout , the Fed 's asset purchases ) helped us avoid entering a second Great Depression .
If we had n't done all those things , the article claims , " ... the nation ’s gross domestic product would be about 6.5 percent lower this year .
In addition , there would be about 8.5 million fewer jobs , on top of the more than 8 million already lost ; and the economy would be experiencing deflation , instead of low inflation . "
Sounds like we did good !
Except , the problem is that American big business has found an ingenious loophole , as it always does : the Man has discovered he can thrive , even without doing his part to get America back to work .
So the workers have been fired , and the companies continue to churn out record profits .
Every day , we get a bit closer to becoming a third - world banana republic , where shareholders make tidy returns and workers are , well , out of work ...
A whole segment of our once productive population has been reduced to playing Halo and attending Tea Party protests on weekdays .
An America without an employed middle - class might be a drastically different place .
An uncomfortable place .
For now , it 's good news for the companies , even if the American consumer is getting beaten down and ignored : big business has found new markets , such as China , where goods can be sold .
Luckily I am not the only person who realizes this is happening .
The Washington Post 's Harold Meyerson recently wrote in his column : " Ain't no hiring .
And ai n't likely to be any for a good long time .
The problem is n't merely the greatest downturn since the Great Depression .
It 's also that big business has found a way to make big money without restoring the jobs it cut the past two years , or increasing its investments or even its sales , at least domestically .
In the mildly halcyon days before the 2008 crash , the one economic outlier was wages .
Profit , revenue and GDP all increased ; only ordinary Americans ' incomes lagged behind .
Today , wages are still down , employment remains low and sales revenue is n't up much , either .
But profits are the outlier .
They 're positively soaring .
Among the 175 companies in the Standard & Poor 's 500 - stock index that have released their second - quarter reports , the New York Times reported Sunday , revenue rose by a tidy 6.9 percent , but profits soared by a stunning 42.3 percent .
Profits , that is , are increasing seven times faster than revenue .
The mind , as it should , boggles . "
Eventually , this may all come back to bite corporate America 's manhood off , as it will be responsible for wiping out one of its largest consumer bases .
The Chinese wo n't buy our stuff forever .
But for now , business is good .
After five years , 13 fights and four straight losses , Keith Jardine 's tenure with the UFC is over .
UFC President Dana
White confirmed to MMA
Fighting that the company has cut ties with the Ultimate Fighter season two alumni after his recent majority decision loss to Matt Hamill at last Saturday 's TUF 11 finale .
" It sucks , " White said .
" I have nothing but respect for him and I hope to see him back soon .
" Jardine -- nicknamed " The Dean of Mean -- first gained national attention in 2005 while on TUF , where he was eliminated from the competition by future friend and training partner Rashad Evans .
He started his official UFC tenure with wins in four of his first five fights , including a TKO win over future champion Forrest Griffin at UFC 66 .
That win was expected to rocket him into contender status in the light - heavyweight division , but a shocking upset derailed his forward momentum .
At UFC 71 , he 'd been scheduled to face David Heath , but after Heath was moved into a different match , Jardine was paired with little - known Houston Alexander .
At the time , Jardine was a huge favorite , but Alexander knocked him out in just 48 seconds .
That began a see - saw stretch in which he struggled to find the consistency he needed to establish himself as a true championship contender .
After seemingly bouncing back with a split - decision win over Chuck Liddell , Jardine was ranked by some sites among the top ten light - heavyweights in the world , but in his next bout , he was knocked out by Wanderlei Silva .
After another split - decision win , this time over Brandon Vera , Jardine hit the skids , dropping four straight , with losses to Quinton " Rampage " Jackson Ryan Bader and finally , Hamill .
Prior to his final bout , Jardine was aware his future could be on the line , but he could n't hold off Hamill in a closely fought match .
Ironically , the bout was competitive enough to earn Jardine a $ 25,000 " Fight of the Night " bonus , but was not enough to save his job .
The 34 - year - old Jardine ( 15 - 8 - 1 overall ) finished his UFC run with a 6 - 7 mark .. fanhouseButton { margin : 2em 0 ;} . fanhouseButton a:link , . fanhouseButton a:visited , . fanhouseButton a:hover , .fanhouseButton a:active {background - color : #dd2829 ; color : #FFFFFF;font-size:18 px;padding:0.3em
0.6em ; text - decoration : none;} . fanhouseButton a :hover {background - color : #000000;}
The man wearing the white skull cap at the Hindu grocery store on Devon Avenue plucked a quarter from his pocket and began plunking it on a coconut .
If it sounded too hollow , he explained , that meant it was too dry .
This time , the fruit seemed fresh -- just like my trip to Chicago .
My premise was simple :
It 's easy to get to Chicago these days .
A couple tanks of gas .
The dirt - cheap Megabus .
Or round - trip airfare to Midway Airport at a generation - low $ 139 .
Hop on the " El " with your wife , and it costs $ 5 to clank and jerk yourselves downtown .
It 's almost too easy , especially to hang out downtown .
So on this journey , I set strict ground rules .
We 'd stay downtown , but that would be it .
No Michigan Avenue shopping .
No deep - dish pizza at Gino's East .
No Rush Street carousing .
No Millennium Park .
No gazing down from the Sears Tower , especially now that it 's called Willis Tower .
My wife and I would spend the long weekend exploring the city 's vibrant neighborhoods .
Because there are more than 80 distinct Chicago neighborhoods , and dozens of unofficial ones , I devised a workable game plan -- dedicating roughly one full day each to the South Side , North Side and West Side .
( The east side of Chicago , of course , is Lake Michigan .
But I 'd be remiss if I failed to give a nod to the city 's sumptuous beaches , to which I saw countless young folks on the El flocking with towels in their bag . )
South Side : From left ( Obama 's house ) to Wright The Secret Service has set up barricades blocking off Greenwood Avenue in Hyde Park , protecting President Obama 's tree - shrouded red brick house .
So we needed to exercise a little creative chutzpah to get inside the perimeter .
A call ahead to Jessica Cavanagh , an office assistant at the K.A.M. Isaiah Israel Congregation across the street from the Obamas , led to a free tour of the imposing domed Byzantine synagogue built in 1924 .
First , a friendly Secret Service agent waved us through the metal fencing without even checking our I.D.s or whispering into his wrist .
It helped that Obama was at the White Sox -Nationals game in Washington , D.C. , at the time .
" He was home on Memorial Day weekend and we had a bar mitzvah and a wedding and it all went off without a hitch , " Cavanagh said .
From the temple 's vegetable garden , there 's a clear view of Obama 's whitewashed wooden porch , an American flag fluttering in the breeze .
A mile north , through Hyde Park 's mixture of leafy trees and crisp brick architecture , sits a century - old testament to both Chicago 's genius and its resiliency .
A bicycle maker named Fred Robie hired a young architect in 1910 to build a house for his family .
The low - slung brick home , now open for tours as a quintessential example of Frank Lloyd Wright 's Prairie Style , was nearly torn down twice when the Theological Seminary wanted to raze it for a dormitory .
The highlight of the $ 15 tour was Wright 's central fireplace topped with open space , allowing you to look straight through the entire first floor .
He somehow engineered twin flanking chimneys to carry the smoke up the sides .
After spinach - feta croissants and iced coffees at the nearby Medici Bakery , we headed to the DuSable Museum of African American History , the nation 's first black history museum .
Call it dumb luck , but Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn just happened to be there , bestowing honors on the museum 's 90 - year - old founder , Margaret Burroughs .
" This museum began in the neighborhood , in a house in 1961 , " he said , " and has become a living , breathing repository of African - American treasures . "
Not to be played by an election - year politician , Burroughs ( wearing a multicolored sequin cap ) seized the podium and demanded the name and phone number of the Quinn aide who would help secure grant money to expand the museum .
Now that 's real chutzpah , South Side style .
For dinner , we hit a deliciously understated French restaurant , La Petite Folie , which sits off a strip mall plaza and serves entrees ranging from brace of quail with lavender honey to duck a l'orange nicely presented like a winning hand of cards .
North Side :
An ethnic hodgepodge
Evelyn Thompson does n't have an office , let alone a cell phone .
But take the El to the northern end of the Red Line at Howard Street and you 'll find the guru of Chicago 's countless ethnic grocery stores .
From her white house in the city 's northernmost neighborhood of Rogers Park , the feisty fireball and self - proclaimed " street kid " leads tours in her blue 1987 Volvo that will leave your head spinning and mouth watering .
In her four - hour , $ 75 - per - couple tours , she shows off markets and restaurants of Bosnian , Jamaican , Georgian , Belizean , Vietnamese , Ethiopian , Greek , Jewish , Persian , Croatian , Belgian , Indian , Korean , Bhutanese , Iraqi , German , Polish , Swedish , Thai and even Assyrian origin .
" Oh , look , a new Peruvian place , " she said , pointing to a strip mall on Clark Street .
Highlight of the whirlwind tour was W. Devon Avenue in Rogers Park , basically the Tower of Babel laid on its side and paved .
Every block brings another language , aroma and flavor .
Yarush Pelskily , owner of the Argo Georgian Bakery , slid the lid off his tandoori clay oven and retrieved a cheese - filed pastry .
Up the street at the Hindu - owned Fresh Farms International Market , shoppers picked out fava beans and bittermelons .
Camel meat ?
Evelyn knows where to get it .
In the Uptown neighborhood off Argyle Street , gentrification jeopardizes but has n't claimed a thriving Vietnamese neighborhood , where older generations have retired and their kids are selling banh mi sandwiches and Vietnamese coffee .
" All these neighborhoods pretty much feature an El station surrounded by retail , " Evelyn said , standing below the pagoda - style Red Line stop at Argyle .
" Go a few blocks out , and it 's all residential . "
If Evelyn's pace sounds a little too frenetic , rentable bikes are everywhere .
We pedaled an easy 10 - mile loop along Lake Shore Drive though Lincoln Park , with its zoo , lagoons and conservatory .
Like everywhere in Chicago , traffic can be irksome and bikers share lanes with inline - skaters , strollers and runners .
A former ice skating warming shack has been turned into the trendy North Pond , a upscale seasonal gourmet restaurant that looks over the pond back to the Chicago skyline .
We found a Chinese woman picking mullberries right off a tree behind the restaurant .
She did n't speak English , but gladly shared her bag of bounty .
Home Secretary Theresa May has launched major reforms of policing in in England and Wales .
The Police Reform and Social Responsibility Bill creates police commissioners and changes the balance of power with chief constables .
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
At the heart of the government 's proposals is a complete overhaul of the local control of police forces .
There are 43 forces for England and Wales and the government says it wo n't be merging them .
Instead , it says it wants to strengthen local democratic control by creating Police and Crime Commissioners for each force .
The commissioner will be directly elected and will hold the chief constable to account - meaning they will be able to hire and fire chief constables .
According to the legislation , the commissioner 's basic duties will be to publish a " police and crime plan " , set local police and crime objectives and the budget .
The commissioner will also set the amount of the " precept " that their local electors have to pay , the part of police funding collected through the council tax .
The chief constable will appoint all other officers and will " retain responsibility for the direction and control of the police force " .
The police commissioner takes over the responsibilities of the current police authorities - but they will have the additional power of being able to sack a chief constable .
Under the current system , chiefs are appointed by the force 's police authority in consultation with the Home Office .
Each force in England and Wales outside of London will elect a police commissioner in May 2012 .
The commissioners will be able to hold office for two terms .
London is being treated differently because the Metropolitan Police Commissioner is Britain 's top police officer with national duties including co-ordinating counter - terrorism .
The Metropolitan Police Commissioner is appointed directly by the Home Secretary who has to take the view of the Mayor of London into account .
LOCAL OVERSIGHT
Police Authorities will be scrapped .
Instead , they will be replaced by a new body called a policing and crime panel .
Police authorities oversee the budget and workings of a force and are comprised of local councillors , magistrates and other independent members .
The new panels will scrutinise the work of the commissioner , rather than the chief constable .
They will comprise local councillors and other co-opted members .
LOCAL VOLUNTEERING
In its original consultation on the future of policing , ministers said they wanted to see the " police family extended " by encouraging more people to volunteer to help out .
In the 1950s , there were almost 70,000 Special Constables in the UK .
Today , there are about 14,000 .
The government says it wants a " step change " in the level of volunteering and is also asking people what they think about a new category called police reservists .
The government has not spelled out the role of a reservist , what powers they would have , or how that would differ to the specials .
Secondly , ministers suggest that local people could take part in " joint patrols with the police , looking out for their neighbours " .
it 's not clear at this stage whether any of thes
NATIONAL CRIME AGENCY ( NCA )
The other pillar of the proposed reforms is at the opposite end of the policing spectrum and concerns tackling organised crime .
The former Labour government created the Serious Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) to take on an umbrella role in the fight against major criminal operations .
The new body , to be created under future legislation , will include Soca and the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre .
The NCA , which will have a chief constable and two key " commands " - one focusing on organised crime and the other on border policing .
It will have its own officers but will also be involved in the " tasking " of local forces who are involved in the same kind of work .
For instance , there are 3,000 officers around the UK involved in border work .
In theory , the NCA will better co-ordinate their efforts .
This model has worked successfully in counter - terrorism where there is a national co-ordinator in the Metropolitan Police who draws on teams based in forces around the UK .
Policing is devolved in Northern Ireland and Scotland .
The NCA is expected to have some kind of responsibilities with bodies in those parts of the UK - but the exact relationship and jurisdiction remains to be decided .
Ministers have considered but ruled out two alternatives to the NCA .
The first would have been mergers to create regional police forces , which would have met local opposition .
The other would have been to " top slice " the existing 43 forces to create a British version of the FBI , which is often criticised for being too far removed from local intelligence .
Good As You's
ever - resourceful Jeremy Hooper has shown that the families depicted on the sides of NOM's Hate Bus do n't actually exist , they 're just actors ripped out of generic stock photos .
We know NOM is having a hard time getting people to show up for the Hate Tour , but seriously , they could n't find ONE real homo - hating family to pose for their bus ?
Labels : bigotry , fakery , Good As You , Jeremy Hooper , NOM , religion
The engineer behind Abby Sunderland 's solo trip around the world says he believes the 16 - year - old Thousand Oaks sailor is " alive " and " most likely floating " in the middle of the Indian Ocean .
Speaking to a throng of reporters outside the family 's home , Jeff Casher said he spoke to her at 3:45 a.m.
Thursday , then lost contact after she went to check on some equipment on her boat .
About an hour later , she apparently activated her emergency beacons – devices that sent automatic alerts to the Coast Guard and her family .
Casher said the family is looking at three possible scenarios .
Either the boat 's mast came down , giving her no ability to sail the vessel ; the keel hit something and possibly flipped the boat upside down ; or she may have broken an arm or leg while being whipsawed about in violent waters .
" She set this off not because she lost communication , but because something else was wrong , " Casher said .
They had set very clear guidelines for when to activate emergency beacons – and losing communication alone was not enough , he said .
Casher said the high school junior has the mental fitness to make it through this .
Her brother , Zac , made a solo trip around the world when he was 17 .
Abby Sunderland apparently was a little rattled when the boat 's motor would n't work Thursday morning .
But , Casher said , " The moment the engine started , she was her same old self – perky and tough . …
She 's just as tough , or tougher , as most of the cruisers we 've met . "
The family is hopeful that a Qantas Airbus , commissioned by the Australian government , will be able to spot her at daylight – about 10 or 11 p.m. Pacific time .
Water temperatures are about 54 or 55 degrees , Cash said , describing it as cold , but survivable .
Sunderland had equipment on board to survive a crisis , including a dry suit and life boat .
-- Catherine Saillant in Thousand Oaks and Rich Connell in Los Angeles
Conde Nast 's print properties are n't the only ones slowly dying , apparently .
Now , popular user - driven news site Reddit , which Conde Nast bought in 2006 , is asking users to donate money so the website can hire more staff .
In a sad blog post , Reddit programmer Mike Schiraldi asked Reddit to donate to the website in a new program called " Reddit Gold " because its four engineers are being worked to the bone .
" The bottom line is , we need more resources , " he writes .
What 's weird about this that Reddit is a massive success , audience - wise .
It currently boasts around 280 million pageviews / month .
( Gawker , in comparison , clocks in at around 41.2 million pageviews / month . )
Conde Nast is a giant corporation currently considering moving to a pricey new Manhattan headquarters .
So why does n't Conde just cough up some dough ?
Schiraldi writes :
Here 's the thing : corporations are n't run like charities .
They keep separate budgets for each business line , and usually allocate resources proportionate to revenue .
And reddit 's revenue is n't great .
Reddit users to the rescue ... right ?
Well , it seems that they 're not too keen on propping up Reddit financially .
One user helpfully offered to buy the site ; others wondered if they were just subsidizing Conde Nast 's tone - deaf decision to starve one of the biggest user - driven websites on the Net .
And , yeah , Reddit has robust pageviews , a diehard community and strong growth .
Instead of forcing Reddit to trade on that loyalty in what amounts to a fund - raising drive , Conde should realize that a few extra resources could go a long way to increasing profitability .
Maybe they could cut back on those sweet holiday gifts ?
About 150 people were stung by a large jellyfish at a state park in Rye on Wednesday , including nine children who were treated at a local hospital , authorities said .
The children — ranging in age from 5 to 10 — were being treated and released and were " all doing fine , " Portsmouth General Hospital spokeswoman Christine Galli said .
Wallis Sands State Park Manager Ken Loughlin said lifeguards spotted the jellyfish , which he described as the size of a " turkey platter " and weighing nearly 50 pounds .
IN PICTURES : Giant jellyfish
Doug Grout , chief of marine fisheries for the state of New Hampshire , identified the stinging sea creature as a Lion 's Mane jellyfish and said it weighed over 40 pounds .
The species is rarely seen so far south and in such shallow waters , he said .
In the northern New England region , Lion 's Mane jellyfish average eight feet in diameter and can have tentacles as long as 150 feet .
" They can hurt , " Grout said of the stings .
" I would n't say they 're deadly , but they provide discomfort . "
Grout told the Associated Press the unusual sight of such a large jellyfish , and the sting it packs , contributed to the brief panic at the state park .
" I 've lived here 30 years and this is the first one I 've heard of washing up on a beach , " Grout said .
" A lot of people are n't used to running into these things .
In northern New England they 're fairly common , but they stay off shore . "
Paramedics were called to the popular beach around 2 p.m. , after several children and adults were stung in the water .
Lifeguards asked swimmers to stay out of the water as some of the victims were treated at the beach and others were taken to the hospital .
Six of the children were brought to the hospital by ambulance and three were brought by parents .
The majority of the children were from Camp Foster in Manchester , which had an outing at the state park , Galli said .
The children were enjoying Popsicles and being bathed in vinegar , which is a common treatment for jellyfish stings .
They also were given antihistamines and anti-inflammatory medications .
The jellyfish was netted by state park staff , an act which killed the giant creature almost immediately .
" They 're 90 percent water , " Grout said .
" Once you pick them up they start falling apart . "
RELATED :
IN PICTURES : Giant jellyfish
Haw Par Villa , also known as the Tiger Balm Gardens has to be one of the weirdest tourist spots you can find in Southeast Asia , and the weirdest in Singapore .
Aw Boob Haw and Aw Boon Par , the two brothers behind the famous Tiger Balm , built the Haw Par Villa in 1937 .
It featured over 1,000 statues and 150 dioramas inspired from Chinese folklore , history and mythology , and quickly became an attraction for people who appreciated Chinese culture .
Although it was a huge place , Haw Par Villa was always full of people taking pictures of its weird - looking exhibits and kids running around holding balloons .
That was 20 years ago , because now Singapore ’s weird theme park is almost deserted .
But just because this place lost its glow does n’t mean it ’s not worth a visit , especially if you ’re into offbeat attractions .
I mean this place will really blow your mind , with statues like a woman breastfeeding her father in law , armed monkeys , or the human faced giant crab .
Now these apparently do make some sense if you ’ve read up on Chinese mythology , but to an uneducated guy like me they just look freaky .
Not to mention the Ten Stages of Hell exhibit , a place that will creep the hell out of a grownup , let alone a child .
According to Chinese mythology , a soul must pass through ten courts of judgment , before being allowed into heaven , and Haw Par Villa has very detailed representations of these trials .
As you ’re about to see , they are not pretty .
All in all , Haw Par Villa is still considered a must - see attraction for people fond of Chinese culture , and efforts are being made to restore it to its former glory .
If you want my opinion , do n’t take your kids with you , unless you enjoy explaining why an old man is sucking on a woman ’s breast …
Photos by gruntzooki
DOUGLAS - At 7:30 a.m. one recent morning , a group of 10 men was pouring concrete at a quiet corner on the northern edge of this border community .
Eight of the men earn just 50 cents an hour , allowing the cash - strapped city of Douglas to stretch its public - works dollars .
They are inmates from the Arizona State Prison Complex - Douglas 10 miles away - supplemented by one city worker and a detention officer - and they say they savor the chance to get out of prison and do something productive every day .
" It 's an opportunity to get out and do some physical labor , " said Anthony Perez , a 40 - year - old Mesa resident serving a five - year sentence on burglary and drug charges .
" It allows me to keep my mind focused on my future once I get out of here . "
The benefits to cash - strapped municipalities as well as inmates are reasons Department of Corrections Director Charles Ryan is pushing to take the program to other communities coping with dwindling tax revenues .
The agency has about 1,500 inmates putting in more than 1.8 million hours of labor every year through more than 100 agreements with governmental bodies around Arizona .
But with about 13,000 minimum - security inmates in state custody , Ryan said there 's plenty of room to grow .
" Inmate labor , in our estimation , is an underutilized resource , " he said .
All those hours of 50 - cent labor add up to significant savings for cities .
" It represents a cost avoidance of $ 12.1 million , " Ryan said .
Communities like Douglas have come to rely on the labor pool that inmates in nearby prisons provide .
Douglas sits on the Mexican border , about 50 miles west of New Mexico .
Its economy struggled after the smelter closed in the late 1980s .
City leaders had less revenue to work with .
Michael Ortega saw the potential to fill that void in 1994 .
Ortega , who was Douglas ' public - works director at the time , said the relationship began with selling the program to residents who might have been concerned about inmates in orange jumpsuits doing maintenance at city parks and easing concerns of employees who feared the cheap labor pool would take their jobs .
" There were discussions amongst staff and employees , and we told them the reality is this :
They 're not taking your job , " Ortega said .
" They 're helping you accomplish your job so I do n't have to hire more staff , because I can't afford it . "
In the 16 years since Ortega struck up a relationship with the prison warden , inmates have helped convert a former retail store into the town 's library and built all the maple furniture in the building .
They have been instrumental in constructing a skate park and aquatic center and done dozens of smaller projects , such as building park bathrooms and performing routine maintenance .
On Thursday morning , a group of 14 inmates was busy demolishing the inside of the former Phelps Dodge Mercantile store in downtown Douglas .
The building will eventually house a courtroom , a sheriff 's substation and an arm of the Cochise County Health Department .
For now , it 's another example of the cooperation and trust city employees have developed with the inmates .
" I do n't hire inmates , I hire craft workers , " said Armando Maza , the city employee supervising the demolition in the Phelps Dodge building .
Ortega , now Cochise County administrator , has taken to promoting the benefits of prison laborers to other cities long on projects and short on tax dollars .
In nearby Bisbee , a crew performs maintenance tasks every day at the Queen Mine , one of the area 's major tourist attractions , which draws more than 50,000 visitors each year .
A group of schoolchildren from Tucson were thrilled with the prospect of going down into the mine .
They did n't notice the three inmates clad in orange " ADC " jumpsuits .
That prospect of blending in suits Abel Suniga , a 35 - year - old Phoenix resident serving a three - year sentence on drug charges .
" You keep busy , you know ? "
Suniga said as he finished chopping wood at the mine .
" It helps the time go by quicker . "
There are strict requirements for inmates like Suniga to get one of the sought - after jobs outside prison walls .
And there is quick punishment for any who act up on the job .
The minimum - custody inmates must be within five years of being released and cannot have a criminal history that includes sex crimes or crimes of violence , such as manslaughter .
They also cannot be subject to detainers from other agencies waiting to take custody once their sentence is up .
And they need to be working toward a diploma if they do n't have one already .
Ryan said those factors motivate inmates to use their time behind bars to their advantage .
Research indicates such programs reduce recidivism among inmates , but Ryan said the jobs give convicts a taste of what will be expected after their sentence is up .
" It 's going to be expected of them when they get out of prison , " he said .
" We do n't want inmates sitting around idle doing nothing . "
Scientist – We Are Not Smart Enough To Understand Universe
The Edmonton Sun is reporting that a top British scientist says we may never know all the secrets of the universe because , quite simply , we ’re just not smart enough .
“ Just as Einstein ’s ideas would baffle a chimpanzee , ” said President of the Royal Society Lord Martin Rees , gaining a full understanding of how the universe works might not be possible “ simply because they ’re beyond human brains . ”
“ Just as a fish may be barely aware of he medium in which it lives and swims , so the microstructure of empty space could be far too complex for unaided human brains . ”
Lord Rees made the comments to the Sunday Times in London in response to the fact that scientists have been yet unable to create a unifying theory to describe how the universe works .
He suggests that the idea of multiple parallel universes , human consciousness and the very idea of reality may be simply beyond our understanding .
It ’s as if a fish is swimming in one pond , completely unaware that thousands of other ponds exist mere meters away from it .
Understanding that those ponds even exist , let alone understanding their connection to the original pond , is understandably beyond the comprehension of a single fish .
Similarly , that parallel universes could exist in up to 11 dimensions – while humanity is restricted to three spatial dimensions and time – is beyond human understanding .
“ In theory , there could be another entire universe less than a millimeter away from us , but we are oblivious to it because that millimeter is measured in a fourth spatial dimension and we are imprisoned in just three , ” he said in the interview .
MADMIKESAMERICA HOMEPAGE
If you would like to become part of the team at MadMikesAmerica Apply Here .
And so it comes to this .
A debate between two aspirational leaders making a bid to run the country we live in - to run the country , mind - clashes with the finale of a hugely popular reality television show .
One has to politely step aside to make way for the other .
It 's the debate , and the awe - inspiring juggernaut of MasterChef strides on unencumbered while those we entrust with making the big decisions meekly chat amongst themselves at an earlier , more modest timeslot .
It comes to this .
How appalling .
Even the country 's newspapers are having trouble focusing on the current Ginge vs Jesus campaign trail , preferring instead to plaster their covers with photographs of amateur chefs posing in wacky positions ( ' And for my next trick , I shall turn thee into foie gras ! ' ) .
They know - as we all do - that the first thing the people of Australia will be discussing at work this morning is guava snow eggs and cowskin cowboy boots , not workplace relations or what exactly the idiotically butch promise of ' turning boats around ' actually entails .
There 's a gradual melding taking place , a revolting kowtowing to the base entertainment tastes of the general public , with Tony Abbott 's recent squirm - inducing appearance on Hey Hey It 's Saturday - a show whose cultural relevance became obsolete about the same time Tony 's social policies did - and politicians pressing the flesh with Australian Idol contestants , or whoever else mildly popular they can get their hands on in the hope that some of the magic Please Like Me juice will rub off .
Eventually the ABC 24 - hour news channel will resemble Big Brother Up Late , with extensive footage of Chris Uhlmann sprawled out on a couch snoring loudly and an excitable Mike Goldman trying to ignite bucket bong afficionados to engage in a game of Fast Money by guessing the missing letters in the phrase TO B* OR NOT TO B* .
Face it : nobody gives a shit about Australian politics anymore .
Why should we ?
What reason would we have to stop in supermarket queues and clutch at each other 's sleeves with excited grins , or put up bunting on election day ?
We 're less engaged with the life - or - death matter of environmental policy than we are with what Kyle Sandilands is doing in his sad excuse for a private life .
And why ?
Because the two major parties are giving us nothing but muted tones ; a sort of ' how to run an election campaign without ever hurting anybody 's feelings or giving a robust opinion that may cause ongoing debate / conflict in the wider community '- type thing .
Those hoping for some sort of leftist girl - power revolution at the hands of the history - making J Gillard have been left bitterly disappointed , watching as she glides between personal appearances like an inscrutable jewel .
She 's handballed the climate change issue like some sort of ditzy dame having a menu crisis at a restaurant ( ' Oh , I do n't know .
You decide ' ) and seems terrified of doing or saying anything that may identify her as a ) a woman , or b ) compassionate .
Where did it all go wrong ?
Tony Abbott has been relegated to the role of inoffensive uncle too , spending his downtime frolicking with shrieking school children and touching up zucchinis .
Perhaps his campaign managers are hoping he becomes so distracted by the giddy combination of youth and fruit he forgets to dangerously open his mouth and spout forth more of the unhinged diatribes he does so well .
Tony Abbott has a personality in there somewhere , I know he does .
Personally I'm of the firm belief that said personality is borne of the loins of Satan , but it 's still a personality regardless .
Yet even he is gagged on this campaign ; the permanent stiff smile , the false bonhomie , the everyman bravado .
I forget the exact moment I lost my passion for Australian politics .
It was probably around the time somebody put a muzzle on Barnaby Joyce and those in charge started thinking banging on about God was the way to win hearts and minds .
This past week has been nothing to write home about either ; Gillard limply repeating her favourite catchphrase and trading polite bon mots with Tony during a hugely lacklustre debate .
They 've even ditched the zingy flirtatious banter that used to fascinate and repel the nation ( ' Oh look , Tony Abbott and Julia Gillard are trading sexually laden quips on The Today Show .
I just threw up in my own mouth and yet I simply cannot look away ' ) .
They 're so terrified of displaying an iota of personality that may horrify the nation they just sit and simper at each other like shy debutantes .
You know it 's a bad sign when even the worm can't be bothered showing up for work .
The rest of them are stepping into line too , with the openly gay Minister for Climate Change Penny Wong primly demurring on the issue of gay marriage ( ' I think the reality is there is a cultural , religious , historical view around that which we have to respect ' ) .
Wilson Tuckey 's nowhere to be seen .
Malcolm Turnbull 's stopped writing sneering , smarmy opinion pieces about the decline of Kevin Rudd .
There 's no passion .
There 's no tears .
It 's as though nobody wants to put a foot wrong , so nobody 's putting a foot anywhere .
Wake me when it 's over .
Marieke Hardy is a writer and regular panelist on the ABC's First Tuesday Book Club .
Image caption Last week French MPs voted to ban wearing the Islamic full veil in public
Banning the wearing of the Islamic full veil in public would be " un-British " , the immigration minister has said .
Damian Green told the Sunday Telegraph trying to pass such a law would be at odds with the UK's " tolerant and mutually respectful society " .
It comes after Tory MP Philip Hollobone introduced a private members ' bill which would make it illegal for people to cover their faces in public .
Last week French MPs voted to ban the wearing of full face veils in public .
The bill , which was overwhelmingly approved by France 's lower house of parliament , must now be ratified by the Senate in September to become law .
If it is passed , it will be illegal to wear garments such as the face - covering niqab or body - covering burka , anywhere in public .
Several other European countries including Spain , the Netherlands and Belgium have debated regulating the use of face covering garments .
But Mr Green said such a move was " very unlikely " to be copied in the UK .
" Telling people what they can and can't wear , if they 're just walking down the street , is a rather un - British thing to do , " he told the Sunday Telegraph .
" We 're a tolerant and mutually respectful society . "
Catherine Heseltine from the Muslim Public Affairs Committee said MPs should not waste their time discussing it .
She said : " Britain is a free country .
We value our freedoms and we do n't want MPs or the government telling British citizens what they can or can't wear .
" How does it hurt anybody else if a woman chooses to wear a small piece of cloth across her face ?
" Quite frankly , MPs , there 's a £ 160 bn debt ; should n't they be busier worrying about what they 're going to do about that , than a small piece of cloth that a few women choose to wear ? "
Muslim headscarves
The word hijab comes from the Arabic for veil and is used to describe the headscarves worn by Muslim women .
These scarves come in myriad styles and colours .
The type most commonly worn in the West is a square scarf that covers the head and neck but leaves the face clear .
The niqab is a veil for the face that leaves the area around the eyes clear .
However , it may be worn with a separate eye veil .
It is worn with an accompanying headscarf .
The burka is the most concealing of all Islamic veils .
It covers the entire face and body , leaving just a mesh screen to see through .
The al - amira is a two - piece veil .
It consists of a close fitting cap , usually made from cotton or polyester , and an accompanying tube - like scarf .
The shayla is a long , rectangular scarf popular in the Gulf region .
It is wrapped around the head and tucked or pinned in place at the shoulders .
The khimar is a long , cape - like veil that hangs down to just above the waist .
It covers the hair , neck and shoulders completely , but leaves the face clear .
The chador , worn by many Iranian women when outside the house , is a full - body cloak .
It is often accompanied by a smaller headscarf underneath .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
The Environment Secretary , Caroline Spelman , agreed saying : " I take a strong view on this , actually , that I do n't , living in this country , as a woman , want to be told what I can and can't wear .
" That 's something which both myself and ( community cohesion minister Baroness ) Sayeeda Warsi have argued very strongly , that one of the things we pride ourselves on in this country is being free - and being free to choose what you wear is a part of that .
" So actually banning the burka is absolutely contrary , I think , to what this country is all about . "
' Aggressively secular '
Mr Green said there were occasions when it was important to be able to see someone 's face , but insisted that " it 's very unlikely and it would be undesirable for the British Parliament to try and pass a law dictating what people wore " .
The minister said that , unlike France , the UK was not " aggressively secular " .
It comes after fellow Conservative MP Mr Hollobone , who put forward the Face Coverings ( Regulation ) Bill , declared that he would not meet burka or niqab - clad women at his Kettering constituency surgeries unless they lifted their veils .
He has previously described the burka as " offensive " and " against the British way of life " .
Shadow justice secretary Jack Straw , who sparked controversy in 2006 when he revealed he asked constituents to lift their veils , said he was opposed to a ban .
The former minister said he was " seeking to generate a debate within a framework of freedom " , adding that about half agreed to his request and half refused .
The current explanation of the universe 's origins relies on clumsy assumptions and can't explain most subatomic particles .
A small tweak to general relativity solves these problems - and seemingly proves the universe must have come from a black hole elsewhere .
Advertisement
As it stands right now , the explanation for the universe 's beginnings is built around a combination of Einstein 's general relativity and observation of the ancient universe .
Mixing these two theories together creates some problems - for instance , the universe is impossibly large according to its current rate of expansion , so astrophysicists have to invoke the idea of inflation , in which the early universe expanded at a tremendous rate within the first second after the Big Bang .
General relativity , however , can't explain inflation , so another theory is required to account for it .
There 's nothing technically wrong with that , but it's an inelegant solution , and physicists tend to prefer an all - encompassing explanation to a bunch of piecemeal solutions .
That 's not the only issue with the current explanation - it can't deal with many properties of subatomic particles , consigning them entirely to the realm of quantum mechanics .
Advertisement
Nikodem Poplawski of Indiana University thinks solving the latter problem can also solve the former , and that 's just the start of the craziness .
In a new paper , he explains that the standard version of general relativity totally ignores the intrinsic momentum of subatomic particles like protons and neutrons , but a modified version known as the Einstein - Cartan - Kibble - Sciama theory of gravity solves that problem .
The theory states these particles interact repulsively , creating tiny amounts of a force called torsion .
Under normal circumstances , this is just an interesting bit of math , and torsion does n't really affect anything .
However , if densities are increased tremendously , then torsion has some very significant effects .
Most intriguingly , torsion makes it impossible for black holes to form singularities .
And if singularities are impossible , then what 's at the center of black holes ?
Poplawski has an audacious proposal : there are whole universes where we thought the singularities were .
The torsion process allows for a massive energy buildup inside the event horizon , and this would allow for the creation of new particles through pair production , in which matter and antimatter are created in equal quantities .
All it takes then is a small imbalance between the particles and antiparticles to form , and you 've got a Big Bang on your hands .
What makes this idea appealing ( beyond the fact that it just sounds so awesome ) is that torsion explains inflation without requiring a new theory .
That repulsive force is sufficient to explain how the universe expanded to its present extent , which means a single theory can explain the entire universe as it is now .
Advertisement
This potentially means that many of the black holes in our own universe are the incubators of entirely new universes , each separated by the infinite time gap of the event horizon .
That said , some properties of the mother universe could trickle through to its daughters , and detecting some of these properties could actually provide experimental proof of the theory .
In fact Poplawski speculates this inheritance of properties could solve another great mystery of cosmology .
The so - called arrow of time , in which time flows in one direction but not another , is a fundamental aspect of our experience .
This is n't accounted for at all by physics , as all of its laws are apparently time - symmetric in that they work just as well whether time flows forwards or backwards .
However , the passage of matter through the event horizon would provide a time asymmetry in the new universe , giving it a forward arrow to time .
In that way , time itself is a gift of our mother universe on the other side of the black hole .
Advertisement
[ arXiv ]
Click to view
By By Igor I. Solar Jun 3 , 2010 in World Santo Domingo - A Catholic priest at a Dominican Republic resort town wants to destroy artwork in his parish because the painting shows angels with “ a homosexual expression ” .
This confuses the faithful , he argues .
The priest Johnny Duran sparked the controversy surrounding the painting , after promoting the adoption by the Jarabacoa City Council of a resolution that revokes an earlier statement by the same council that designated the mural as municipal heritage .
Explaining his reason to revoke the previous decision and destroy the mural , the priest argues that the church congregation feels uncomfortable by the painting and that the mural does not inspire religious sentiments because the angels there depicted have a “ diabolical , homosexual look ” in their faces .
Further , he contends that it is not clear whether the angels are male or female .
Taty Hernández , a Dominican poet and cultural advocate , native of the town of Jarabacoa , wrote a letter to the authorities denouncing the priest ’s intentions and the decision adopted by the council .
She is alerting the community on the intentions of removing the mural stating that there is a hidden agenda and an element of racism , since the angels are mulattoes .
Hernandez said in her letter that the city 's cultural community intends to contest the decision if it goes ahead , reported the Dominican newspaper Jarabacoa is the third largest municipality in La Vega Province .
It is located in the center of the Dominican Republic and has a population of about 77.000 people .
( Note : This is the first report of this news in English language media ;
04/06/10 - 9:40 hr. Toronto time ) .
The painting named " Allegory of the Virgin of Carmen , " was concluded 12 years ago by Dominican artist Roberto Flores .
The artwork adorns the interior of the church of “ Our Lady of Carmen ” in the mountain community of Jarabacoa , an agricultural and tourist center located in the Dominican Republic .
The priest Johnny Duran sparked the controversy surrounding the painting , after promoting the adoption by the Jarabacoa City Council of a resolution that revokes an earlier statement by the same council that designated the mural as municipal heritage .
Explaining his reason to revoke the previous decision and destroy the mural , the priest argues that the church congregation feels uncomfortable by the painting and that the mural does not inspire religious sentiments because the angels there depicted have a “ diabolical , homosexual look ” in their faces .
Further , he contends that it is not clear whether the angels are male or female .
Taty Hernández , a Dominican poet and cultural advocate , native of the town of Jarabacoa , wrote a letter to the authorities denouncing the priest ’s intentions and the decision adopted by the council .
She is alerting the community on the intentions of removing the mural stating that there is a hidden agenda and an element of racism , since the angels are mulattoes .
Hernandez said in her letter that the city 's cultural community intends to contest the decision if it goes ahead , reported the Dominican newspaper Diario Libre ( in Spanish ) .
Jarabacoa is the third largest municipality in La Vega Province .
It is located in the center of the Dominican Republic and has a population of about 77.000 people .
( Note :
This is the first report of this news in English language media ;
04/06/10 - 9:40 hr. Toronto time ) .
More about Jarabacoa , Catholic Church , Religious painting
More news from jarabacoa catholic church religious painting
Why is Eden Prairie No. 1 this year ?
Not only is it family - friendly , it has a dynamite economy too .
At 5.1 % , its unemployment rate is nearly one percentage point below the county rate and more than four points below the national average .
It helps when you 've got 50,000 jobs right in town .
Major employers include Fortune 500 trucking company C.H. Robinson , hearing - aid maker Starkey Labs , and the Minnesota Vikings , whose practice facility and front office are here .
As for fiscal strength , Moody 's gives the town a perfect AAA bond rating .
While it does n't have much of a downtown , there 's plenty of outer beauty : from gently rolling hills to 17 lakes that residents flock to year - round for swimming and ice skating .
Town parks are laced with 125 miles of running , hiking , and biking trails .
No wonder residents rank among the healthiest people in the nation .
Add in top - notch schools and safe streets and you 've got a place that 's tough to beat .
-- Ismat Mangla
( CNN ) -- President Obama and his family arrived Friday for a weekend getaway in Maine , but along with a little rest and relaxation comes criticism that the president is taking it easy with the Gulf of Mexico oil crisis in a critical phase .
The Obamas plan to spend the weekend on Mount Desert Island , home of Acadia National Park .
The trip marks the president 's third weekend vacation since the oil disaster began in April .
The Republican National Committee launched a website blasting what it considers Obama 's " leisure activities or missteps " during the oil disaster , like playing golf , attending concerts and vacationing in Asheville , North Carolina ; Chicago , Illinois ; and now Maine .
Obama has also faced criticism for scheduling a trip up north , instead of vacationing in the Gulf , as he advised other Americans to do .
" Presidents are certainly entitled to vacation , just like everybody else , but there is a fine line as to when presidents should do it , what they should and where they should do it , " said Brad Blakeman , a former member of President George W. Bush 's senior staff and the deputy assistant for appointments and scheduling .
" Presidents have to be cognizant of the fact that everything they do is going to be scrutinized , " said Blakeman , who also is a professor for Georgetown University 's Semester in Washington program .
Democratic strategist Jamal Simmons said the Republican criticism is " galling , " considering Bush 's frequent trips to Camp David and his home in Crawford , Texas .
" Barack Obama is working as hard as any president that we 've had in recent history and certainly harder than the most immediate previous president , " he said .
CBS 's Mark Knoller , who keeps track of presidents ' comings and goings , calculated that Bush spent all or part of 977 days at Camp David or in Texas during his two terms .
Blakeman noted that visits to those locations were working trips and not getaways .
Bush 's staff would travel with him , and work would continue as usual .
The Crawford ranch was known as the " Western White House " because of the infrastructure there .
As for calls that Obama should vacation in the Gulf , Simmons said , " Where he chooses to take his days off should really be up to him .
We do n't want to get into a situation where the president is making familial vacation decisions based upon polling or political maneuvers . "
Scott Stanzel , Bush 's deputy press secretary who often traveled with the president when he was away from the White House , said that changing locations provided a good opportunity to escape the hustle and bustle of Washington .
" President Bush , on the weekends , would often go to Camp David because the size of the bubble you are in expands , so you can go out for a walk or bike ride without having to arrange security detail , " he said .
Stanzel was in Crawford with Bush for a number of crises that could not have been planned for , like the conviction of Saddam Hussein , the death of President Ford and the assassination of Pakistani politician Benazir Bhutto .
Bush was notified of Bhutto's death immediately and delivered a statement to the press pool .
" It would have almost been like we were at the White House in terms of the teams that would convene and talk about the issues surrounding that assassination , " Stanzel said .
The problem for Obama , Stanzel said , is the visuals that could come out of his trip .
A picture of Obama playing golf alongside images from the Gulf could send a negative message .
Paul Begala , a CNN contributor and former adviser to President Clinton , said that vacationing or not , " The president is the president wherever he is .
" I thought it was silly when people attacked Bush for going on vacation , so I 'll be consistent and say it 's silly when people attack President Obama for going on vacation , " he said .
" Of all of the concerns that Americans may have , they do not need to worry whether President Obama is a hard - working man .
They may agree or disagree with his policies , but there is just no doubt that the guy is busting his rear end . "
Natural gas will play a leading role in reducing greenhouse - gas emissions over the next several decades , largely by replacing older , inefficient coal plants with highly efficient combined - cycle gas generation .
That ’s the conclusion reached by a comprehensive study of the future of natural gas conducted by an MIT study group comprised of 30 MIT faculty members , researchers , and graduate students .
The findings , summarized in an 83 - page report , were presented to lawmakers and senior administration officials this week in Washington .
The two - year study , managed by the MIT Energy Initiative ( MITEI ) , examined the scale of U.S. natural gas reserves and the potential of this fuel to reduce greenhouse - gas emissions .
Based on the work of the multidisciplinary team , with advice from a board of 16 leaders from industry , government and environmental groups , the report examines the future of natural gas through 2050 from the perspectives of technology , economics , politics , national security and the environment .
The report includes a set of specific proposals for legislative and regulatory policies , as well as recommendations for actions that the energy industry can pursue on its own , to maximize the fuel ’s impact on mitigating greenhouse gas .
The study also examined ways to control the environmental impacts that could result from a significant expansion in the production and use of natural gas — especially in electric power production .
“ Much has been said about natural gas as a bridge to a low - carbon future , with little underlying analysis to back up this contention .
The analysis in this study provides the confirmation — natural gas truly is a bridge to a low - carbon future , ” said MITEI Director Ernest J. Moniz in introducing the report .
Hacks with integer arithmetic are always fun , especially when they ’re not too hard to understand ( because some are really strange and make you wonder what the author was thinking when he wrote that ) .
One such simple hack is to replace divisions or multiplies by series of shifts and additions .
However , these hacks make a lot of assumptions that are n’t necessarily verified on the target platform .
The assumptions are that complex instructions such as mul and div are very slow compared to adds , right shifts or left shifts , that execution time of shifts only depends very loosely on the number of bit shifted , and that the compiler is not smart enough to generate the appropriate code for you .
Of course , these assumptions may or may n’t be verified on your target platform and it is important to assess the goodness of any optimization with a stopwatch in hand — anyway , more on this later .
Let us come back to our shifts .
Let ’s say we want to multiply 16 bits integers by .
This is n’t a nice fraction we can replace by a simple shift right away ; it ’s conspicuously not a simple power of 2 .
But it ’s a series of sums of power of two .
Indeed , if we look at it differently ,
To each 1 in the binary expansion of corresponds a shifted value of :
Which suggests the direct ( but naïve ) approximation ( x >>2 ) +( x>> 5 )+... .
That actually works , but may not be very precise because bits that should contribute to the sum get shifted out .
C shift operators will just truncate the fractional bits — it ’s an integer operation , after all — so you loose bits that should contribute to the sum .
The first impression is that it ’s just a rounding error ( meaning , the last bit or so ) but it may yield a large error .
The second thing you may try is to scale x before shifting .
One way of doing a ‘ free ’ scaling is to use a trick similar to what I used for an alternative line algorithm .
That is , we ’ll use the language to have a shift free scaling :
typedef union { // endian - dependant !
struct { uint16_t lo , hi ; } ; uint32 _t s ; } fixed_t ;
Using this structure , setting lo to 0 and hi to
x promotes x to a 32 bits version shifted by 16 bits .
The
whole method could look like :
inline int shifts_more ( uint16_t x ) { typedef union { // endian - dependant !
struct { uint16_t lo , hi ; } ; uint32_t s ; } fixed_t ; fixed_t scaled={0 , x} ; // C99 extensions ?
fixed_t sum={0} ; sum.s+=scaled.s >>
2 ; sum.s+=scaled.s >>
5 ; sum.s+=scaled.s >>
8 ; sum.s+=scaled.s >> 11 ; sum.s+=scaled.s >>
14 ; // the next one , >> 17 , gives zero !
return sum.hi ; }
Using this version , all bits contribute to the results and the ( relative ) error is reduced to its minimum .
We could have used an actual shift rather than an union :
inline int shifts_less ( uint16_t x ) { const int scale =4 ; uint32 _t sx = ( x << scale ) ; uint32_t s=0 ; s+=sx >>= 2 ; s+=sx >>= 3 ; s+=sx >>= 3 ; s+=sx >>= 3 ; s+=sx >>= 3 ; return ( s >> scale ) ; }
Where you can control time versus precision by changing the value of scale .
Or you can look at it the other way ’round :
inline int shifts_left ( uint16_t x ) { int tx=x ; // promote to 32 bits int s=tx ; // 14 s+=( tx << =3 ) ; // 11 s+=( tx << =3 ) ; // 8 s+=( tx << =3 ) ; // 5 s+=( tx << =3 ) ; // 2 return ( s >> 14 ) ; }
Or you can use an integer multiply :
inline int shifts_mult ( uint16_t x ) { // 01 0010 0100 1001 = 0x1249 return ( int ( x ) * 0x1249 ) >>
14 ; }
So which one ’s better ?
Precision - wise , they ’re all the same , except for the naïve version that has a higher error and for shift_less that depends on a scaling constant .
On all 16 bits integers , the average error ( difference between the float version and the integer version ) is given by :
Method Average error Naïve 2.07144 others 0.214264
So the other methods have basically 10 times smaller errors .
Which is good .
What about speed ?
Well that ’s where the catch is .
Let us compare , again , g++ against icc , the two compilers I use .
On a T9600 Core2 CPU ( the one from by Macbook Pro ) , the times ( in micro- seconds by 65536 calls ) :
method icc gcc Naïve 192 179 More 229 192 Less 225 204 Left 189 142 Mult 166 165 Float 236 236
Let ’s see what we have here .
G++ seems to be a bit more efficient than icc on these series of tests .
The Float method is merely using a float to perform the multiply and truncating to int , and is included as a fair comparison , the control .
The Mult method is also the same using both compilers , unsurprisingly , they generate exactly the same code .
G++ has the clear advantage for the Left method .
Why ?
What happened ?
Examining the code , we make a stunning discovery .
Icc generates the following :
<_Z11shifts_leftt > : 0 f b7 c7 movzx eax , di 8d 14 c5 00 00 00 00 lea edx , [ rax * 8 ] 03 d0 add edx , eax 89 c6 mov esi , eax c1 e6 06 shl esi,0x6 03 f2 add esi , edx 89 c1 mov ecx , eax c1 e1 09 shl ecx,0x9 c1 e0 0 c shl eax , 0xc 03 f1 add esi , ecx 03 c6 add eax , esi c1 e8 0e shr eax , 0xe c3 ret
which is somewhat expected , while we do n’t know why it prefers to do long shifts rather than a series of shorter shift lefts .
Gcc figured it out a lot better :
<_Z11shifts_leftt > : 0 f b7 c7 movzx eax , di 69 c0 49 12 00 00 imul eax , eax,0x1249 c1 f8 0e sar eax , 0xe c3 ret
( the thing I ca n’t explain right now is why the shifts_left version and the shifts_mult version , which compiles to the exact same code , have different timings ; and it ’s not OS noise because the timings are quite different and the results are repeatable ) .
Despite GCC generating the same code on my AMD4000 box ( yes , I know , I should get a newer computer ) , the run -time characteristics are quite different .
Of course , it is slower , but the float version us much slower , about twice the time of More .
*
* *
So what is the morale of all this ?
First , do n’t trust your compiler .
The “ optimizing ” compiler did n’t optimize all that well , but the “ non-optimizing ” compiler did .
Second , implementations that you think are roughly equivalent may be quite different speed - wise , such as , say , the Less and Left methods ; turns out Left is much faster with both compilers .
Third , test on the target platform (s ) , you may be surprised .
Share this : Reddit
Twitter
More
Facebook
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Prime Minister Julia Gillard says she will not revive the Government 's emissions trading scheme until at least 2013 .
Ms Gillard has indicated she will revise Labor 's climate change policy before the election , and ruled out a carbon tax as an interim measure .
She says the Government will stick with its intention of reviewing global progress at the end of 2012 before deciding whether to proceed with the trading scheme .
" The pricing of carbon I think is best done through a market - based mechanism , that is the carbon pollution reduction scheme , and the 2012 timeframe stands there , " she told ABC TV's Lateline .
" I believe that there are a set of things we can do in the meantime . "
Labor 's previous plans for an emissions trading scheme were shelved under former prime minister Kevin Rudd .
' Carbon copy '
Ms Gillard says the Government 's policy will aim to reduce household carbon emissions .
Opposition environment spokesman Greg Hunt says it appears the Prime Minster 's preparing to adopt the Coalition 's approach .
He described her policy as " a carbon copy of the Coalition 's direct action policy " .
" After all of the talk , she 's come to the same conclusion as she did on immigration , that the Coalition 's approach is sensible and balanced , " he said .
" We have a direct action plan . "
Greens Leader Bob Brown says he is disappointed there will not be a price on carbon .
" Business needs the certainty of a carbon price , " he said .
" The community needs the certainty of action on climate change , real action , not the failed action of the Rudd Government 's CPRS .
" But they 're not going to get it from Julia Gillard . "
This , the second installment of our firsts in video game history , includes some slightly more obscure ( but important ) firsts that have made contributions to the state of video games , and the industry which produces them today .
15 Black Character
First game to feature a playable black character – 1979
Although on the Atari 800 , the game ‘ Basketball ’ was the first to feature an obviously black character that was playable .
In the same year , ‘ Atari Basketball ’ was released to arcades but only in black and white .
Because of this , the Atari 800 home system ( which was , amazingly , in full color ) , broke the color boundary in more than one way .
14 Female Lead
First female lead character in a game – 1981
Along came the rise in popularity of games programming in the 80s , and with this , along came the hackers .
The arcade hit Pac Man ( 1980 ) , was hacked and changed by a company called the GCC ( General Computer Corporation ) .
The high quality copy they had created was called Crazy Otto , but after showing Midway Games ( the creators of Pac Man ) , it was bought , the sprites slightly altered and released as Ms. Pac Man .
Much the same as Pac Man , minus the red lips and bow , Ms. Pac Man was the first female game character to be at the center of a video game , and to be the only character the player controls .
They also changed the orange ghosts name from Clyde to Sue .
13 Animated Cut Scenes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAedMUskU7U
First game with animated cut scenes – 1981
Donkey Kong on the arcade was released in 1981 , and featured “ animated ” cut scenes , being movements of other objects in the game used as a transition .
You can watch a video of the 1981 game being played and completed above .
The cut scene is at the end .
Also , the first game with interactive cut scenes , these being cut scenes where you could choose what to say , or press buttons to do actions was ‘ Die Hard Arcade ’ on the Sega Saturn in 1996 .
12 Voice Synthesis
First game to feature authentic voice synthesis – 1982
1979 saw the release of the Intellivision , a second generation games console by Mattel .
125 games were released for the console as well as numerous peripherals , including a keyboard component , the “ Entertainment Computer System ” , and the “ Intellivoice ” – a voice synthesis device that added speech to the gaming experience , when played with certain games .
Only 4 games truly supported the Intellivoice , the first being Space Spartans ( 1982 ) , although all featured the voice as an integral part of the gameplay .
Before this , no “ human ” voice had ever been put into a console game .
11 Console - based RPG
First console - based RPG – 1982
‘ Dragonstomper ’ was released for the Atari 2600 , and published by Starpath .
It is rated as one of the top 10 Atari 2600 games , and was the first real console RPG of its kind .
The story is particularly clichéd , as with any RPG ; you play a dragon hunter , ordered by the King to find a dragon , and retrieve an amulet .
The game features random battles , item collection , quests and chances to increase the player ’s stats to become stronger .
10 Swearing
First game to feature swearing – 1982
Today , swearing is as commonplace in games as it is in films and TV programs , with age ratings being used the same way .
The first “ swear ” featured in a game was on the original arcade version of ‘ Q * bert ’ in which , when falling off the pyramid , a speech bubble appeared over Q*bert ’s head with “ @!# [ email protected ] ! ? ” in it , while a loud noise played .
The original idea was to have a speech synthesizer say “ you have got 10,000 bonus points ’ but after just ending up with “ Bogus points ” one of the creators just put incoherent text above his head and the loud noise was made by an internal coil that hits the interior of the wall of the machine .
The first game to feature the word “ fuck ” , uncensored was ‘ The Orion Conspiracy ’ ( Windows , 1995 ) .
It was rated 18 + because of its frequent profanity , but also its use of the word homosexual to describe the hero ’s dead son , another first in gaming .
9 Nudity and Sex
First game to feature nudity and sexual acts – 1982
[ WARNING : the clip above contains appallingly bad video - game sex . ]
Not a lot can be said about ‘ Custer ’s Revenge ’ , the first game to feature nudity and sexual acts .
Released for the Atari 2600 , the player controls General Custer as he has to make his way across the screen , bearing a huge erection , avoiding arrows , in order to get to a tied - up , Native American woman , and rape her …
The back of the packaging states , “ She ’s not about to take it lying down , by George !
Help is on the way .
By God !
He ’s coming ” , while the manual says “ If the kids catch you and should ask , tell them Custer and the maiden are just dancing . ”
As you can expect , the game came under opposition from woman ’s rights groups , had an $ 11 million lawsuit filed against it , and is also labeled one of the worst games ever made .
8 10 Million Copies
First game to sell more than 10 million copies – 1985
It ’s hardly surprising that this title goes to one of the greatest games in history ; ‘ Super Mario Bros ’ on the NES .
To date , this game has sold over 40 million copies worldwide ; around 40,241,000 to be more precise .
The character of Mario has , amazingly , appeared in over 200 video games , and the Mario game franchise , as a whole , was the first to sell over 100 million copies worldwide .
7 Play by Play Commentary
First sports game to feature play by play commentary – 1991
Play by play commentary , for people who do n’t know , is used in sports games the same way it is used in sports in real life .
It is consistent and varied commentary of a sports game , outlining things such as different players , scores and other information , all depending on the action .
Joe Montana II : Sports Talk Football , on the Sega Mega Drive , was the first game to feature such commentary and Sega contracted Lon Simmons to do the voice .
Their second game , ‘ Sports Talk Baseball ’ ( in the same year ) recycled many of the phrases and was more successful .
6 First Game to Film
First film to be based on a video game franchise – 1993
‘ Super Mario Bros ’ the movie was released in 1993 , starring Bob Hoskins as Mario and John Leguizamo as Luigi .
The film tells the story of the two Italian - American plumbers living in Brooklyn , New York ( yes you read that right ) , as Luigi falls in love with ( Princess ) Daisy , and the two brothers have to rescue her from a dystopian parallel world , where humans evolved as dinosaurs ( yeah … ) .
As was expected , the film received negative criticism for being much darker than the games , not to mention , nothing like them .
Princess Daisy appeared , rather than Princess Peach ( who has been in many more Mario games ) , Bowser is a humanoid descendant of a Tyrannosaurus Rex , not a fire breathing turtle , and Toad is represented as a reptilian , not a mushroom .
Oh dear .
5 Motion Capture
First game to use motion capture – 1994
‘ Rise of the Robots ’ had the premise of a great game .
It was the first to use motion capture technology to create fluid , real movement in characters .
It used CGI sprites rather than pixel art for them , and the look of the game is well ahead of other games released around 1994 .
It was available on many home consoles , PC , and also as an arcade version .
The game , however , received negative feedback ( as most of the games to use new technology do ) , because it was considered “ too easy ” , as most enemies could apparently be defeated with a simple flying kick .
Critics felt the makers had sacrificed gameplay for graphics .
4 Ragdoll Physics
First game to feature ragdoll physics – 1998
‘ Ragdoll Physics ’ is the name given to a type of animation used in games to give a more authentic and less static death animation to a character .
The term Ragdoll was used during the development , as the character tended to collapse with little joint or skeletal stiffness much like a toy ragdoll .
This type of animation was developed quite recently ( in the scope of the games industry ) , as it replaced the older style of death animation , which was just a number of sprites loaded in sequence , no different to any other part of the game .
The machines needed huge amounts of processing power to employ the physics engine needed for this type of animation .
‘ Jurassic Park : Trespasser ’ ( Windows ) was released in 1998 , and was the first game to feature this new technology .
Although the game was considered awful , it was a milestone in game physics .
Today , games such as Call of Duty 4 , Fallout 3 and Grand Theft Auto IV use a modern type of ragdoll physics .
3 Game Theme Park
First game franchise to get its own theme park – 2005
This one remains a little bit ambiguous because the Pokémon series is n’t exclusively a video game series , although around 30 games have been made since the franchise ’s release in 1996 .
The first ‘ Poképark ’ was built in Japan in 2005 , with a second being built in Taiwan a year later , with rumors of one coming to the USA .
Although both are now closed , they had attractions such as Lugia ’s Spinning Ship , Pikachu ’s forest , Pokémon Safari , Altomare Sightseeing boat , Mudkip ’s splash adventure , and a Pokémon merry - go - round and Ferris wheel .
2 1 Billion Sales
First publisher to sell more than 1 billion games – 2007
Nintendo is one of the longest running games companies , and has enjoyed huge success all around the world .
It was founded in 1889 , in Kyoto , by Fusajiro Yamauchi and made playing cards .
Up until 1963 , the company had tried various exploits including a taxi company , a food chain , a TV network and a love hotel , until it started making computer games in the 70’s .
As of October , 2008 , the company has sold 470 million hardware units , and 2.7 billion software units .
1 Bizarre Marriage
First marriage between man and a video game character – 2009
A man calling himself ‘ Sal9000 ’ married a character from the DS game “ Love Plus ” .
The clip above speaks for itself .
Download the current version of the world
Play for one year of game time
Do a write - up for their year , upload maps , etc .
Vote on which other player 's world they like best
Sooo ... playing my turn of a run -of - the - mill succession game , I started feeling bad because I was having all of the Fun .
Chatting with my fellow players , we came up with what I think is a " new " twist : a hybrid between a succession game and a golf scramble .
For those who are n't golfers , the way a scramble works is like this : on any given hole , the golfers on a team all tee off .
Then , they decide amongst themselves which ball was the best , and they all take their next shot from that same spot .
Rinse and repeat until the ball is in the hole .
In DF - land , it would work something like this : Each player would ... Then the votes are tallied , the " winning " fortress is used as the " current version " and everyone starts over again at step one .
It 's a format that does n't depend on everyone doing their turn in a timely manner , is more playing than sitting around and watching someone else play , and could provide for some really interesting choices .
It might also allow a player to play their turn more aggressively knowing that there will be more conservative options to fall back on if it all goes straight to HFS .
So ... has this been done before ?
Was it awesome ?
Regardless of the answer to those two questions , who 's interested in getting one kicked off ?
I 'll do all the hard work , you just have to play DF and do some nifty write - ups .
( and is n't the fun part bragging about your fort anyway ? )
The half - tame beasts are released into enclosures , then briefly roam until the hunter 's sights settle upon them and the rifle fires .
But killing lions specifically bred to satisfy the demand of rich foreign trophy hunters may be about to end .
The fate of thousands of these lions will be decided on Monday as judges in the South African high court consider an appeal by an influential breeders ' lobby .
An end to the controversial practice of " canned hunting " would be hugely welcome to animal welfare groups .
But it would also raise the prospect of the mass slaughter of the 5,000 big cats , which could not be released into the wild .
Steve Smid from Animal Rights Africa says even healthy , young lions could be euthanised because there is not enough space in national parks or private reserves to accommodate the territorial animals .
A mass release could also endanger humans .
" Somewhere along the line , these animals are going to be dumped , " he said .
" There is no capacity in the wild , so we come to the unsavoury option of having to euthanise them . "
South Africa passed a law that effectively banned canned hunting in 2006 , but successive legal appeals have meant business as usual for the estimated 120 captive breeding centres in the country .
The first challenge by the South African Predator Breeders Association ( Sapba ) against the regulations failed in June , but the association quickly filed another appeal , which will be heard on Monday .
" While the appeal is still with the courts , we are still continuing to hunt in this way , " said Carel van Heerden , Sapba chairman .
Will Travers , the chief executive of Born Free , a charity that campaigns for the welfare and treatment of lions , said : " The breeders are dragging out the legal process and making as much money as they can while the ban is suspended . "
The National Environmental Management Biodiversity Act ( Nemba ) of 2004 provided regulations on " threatened or protected species " that included lions , and that were introduced in 2006 .
Sapba challenged the inclusion of lions , arguing the new requirement to allow lions to roam free for 24 months before being hunted in a " fair chase " would destroy their industry and local economies .
As well as supporting a multimillion - dollar hunting industry , the lion breeders claim their centres play an important role in conservation .
" The more international demand for the hunting of large predators can be satisfied through the hunting of captive bred animals , the more the pressure will be taken of the free roaming populations , " said Van Heerden .
Campaigners claim canned hunting is " immoral " and " barbaric " .
They say that , unlike in well - managed trophy hunts of wild animals , there is no " fair chase " .
They also claim that to ensure the lions are semi-tame , breeders often remove cubs when just a few days old , causing great distress for the lioness and inducing another oestrus cycle to make her more receptive to mating .
Sometimes female cubs are culled at the expense of their male siblings , as hunters prefer to kill males because of their impressive manes .
South Africa is the centre of the canned hunting industry .
Each kill costs about $ 60,000 in total , including skinning , treating the hide , and the export licence needed to take it home .
It is estimated that around 1,000 lions are killed on canned hunts each year , many of them by American tourists .
When the lions reach maturity , they are released into enclosures of around 100 acres , a very small area compared with the animal 's natural territory of 10,000 to 50,000 acres .
Canned hunting also divides opinion within the trophy hunting industry .
In Namibia , the practice is outlawed .
Marina Lamprecht , who owns Hunters Namibia Safaris and sits on the board of the Namibia Professional Hunting Association , said : " We condemn canned hunting in the strongest possible terms as an industry and as a country .
It 's a pity that people are willing to sacrifice ethics for US dollars .
It 's a small minority that gives everyone a bad name . "
The hunts she runs operate an " ethics " policy , under which most of the animals are very old – well beyond reproductive age – and the hunts must involve a fair chase .
Albi Modise , a spokesman for South Africa 's Department of Environmental Affairs , said the government was committed to enforcing the legislation , and that breeders could not expect assistance from them .
He said : " It is their responsibility to deal with the issue , as these lions are their property .
However , the department will cooperate with all stakeholders and investigate all available options to address the issue should it arise .
We will still continue to regulate the industry through appropriate conservation tools in order to mitigate all threats to biodiversity . "
South Korean mobile phone maker Samsung announced a few weeks ago plans to have its Android 2.1 - based Samsung Galaxy S device available for purchase in the United States via all major carriers in the country , and via other operators as well , and a few more details on two models have just emerged .
We 're referring here to the Smasung Captivate and Samsung Vibrant , which are expected to become available for purchase next week via AT&T and T - Mobile , respectively .
Previous reports on T - Mobile and its version of Galaxy S , dubbed Vibrant , suggested that we 're to see the handset put on sale come July 21 .
However , it seems that things have been speed up , and that the wireless carrier plans on releasing the phone on July 15 , one week earlier , at least this is waht a recent post on TmoNews states .
Next Thursday would be the lucky day for enthusiasts ; it seems , the same day when Verizon puts on shelves another high - end Android - based device , the DROID X by Motorola .
In related news , we learn that AT&T too would intend to make its version of Galaxy S available for purchase next week .
July 18 should bring the Samsung Captivate on AT&T 's airwaves , in case the rumors pan out in the end .
Only three days behind T - Mobile , the wireless carrier would still be among the first to offer its users the possibility to acquire the high - end device .
Of course , nothing is official for the time being , but it might not be too long before they become so .
Samsung 's Galaxy S has already managed to prove that it can appeal to a large number of users .
Released in Korea a couple of weeks ago , the handset was sold in 200,000 units within 10 days from launch .
Its features make it so appealing , it seems , including the 4 - inch WVGA Super AMOLED display , the 5 - megapixel photo snapper with 720 p video recording , the Wi-Fi b/g/n and Bluetooth 3.0 connectivity options , or that Android 2.1 operating system loaded on it ( with a promised Android 2.2 Froyo update in the near future ) .
US President Barack Obama has signed into law new sanctions against Iran intended to impede the development of its nuclear programme .
The measures , which penalise foreign companies that trade with Iran , were overwhelmingly approved by US Congress last week .
Mr Obama said the sanctions would strike " at the heart " of Iran 's ability to fund and develop nuclear programmes .
Iran says its nuclear industry is for peaceful purposes ; the West disagrees .
The bill targets those firms that supply Iran 's Revolutionary Guards or contribute to the country 's energy industry , including foreign companies that provide finance , insurance , or shipping services .
To date , Iran has chosen the path of defiance President Barack Obama
Mr Obama said : " We are showing the Iranian government that its actions have consequences , and if it persists , the pressure will continue to mount , and its isolation will continue to deepen .
" There should be no doubt - the United States and the international community are determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons . "
Mr Obama noted that Iran had rejected the offer of dialogue and engagement he had made on taking office last year .
" To date , Iran has chosen the path of defiance , " he said .
" That is why we have steadily built a broader and deeper coalition of nations to pressure the Iranian government . "
Tehran denies seeking to acquire nuclear weapons .
Assets frozen
Last month , the UN Security Council voted to impose a fourth round of sanctions on Tehran for failing to halt its nuclear enrichment programme .
They include tighter finance curbs and an expanded arms embargo , but not the crippling sanctions the US had wanted .
Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad dismissed those sanctions as a " used handkerchief " fit for the dustbin .
Three earlier rounds of UN sanctions have blocked trade of " sensitive nuclear material " , frozen the financial assets of those involved in Iran 's nuclear activities , banned all of Iran 's arms exports and encouraged scrutiny of the dealings of Iranian banks .
Last year Senators Jay Rockefeller and Olympia Snowe stirred up a bi-partisan ruckus by proposing to give the U.S. president the authority to shut down all or portions of the Internet in the event of an emergency .
The so - called Internet “ kill switch ” may — or may not — be part of the currently proposed Lieberman - Collins Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act , depending on who you talk to .
In this guest LastWatchdog guest blog post , Patricia Titus , Chief Information Security Officer , Unisys Federal , sorts through this tempest in a teapot .
By Patricia Titus
The 2009 proposed bill , introduced by Sen. John Rockefeller ( D - W. Va. ) and Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) , clearly called for a Presidential internet kill switch and spawned visuals of President Obama sitting in the Oval Office with his hand hovering over an Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ easy button .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
Several industry groups spent countless hours debating the language of that earlier bill and its implications , offering guidance to the members and staffers writing the legislation .
In response to this , Sen. Joseph Lieberman ( ID - CT ) softened the language in his bill and added good clarifying terms .
In my estimation , there is currently no language that would suggest an Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ internet kill switchÃ¢â‚ ¬Â is being placed in the hands of the President .
Rather the language allows decision making within the executive branch to protect our national interests and critical infrastructure , and achieve this through consensus .
The Lieberman bill highlights the need for a public / private partnership to help set policy to define what constitutes a cyber attack .
This is where many of us are skeptical .
For years weÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve been hearing the term Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ public / private partnershipÃ¢â‚ ¬Â or Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ P-cubed .
Ã¢â‚¬Â WeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve already seen several examples of failed P-cubed .
Without this critical governance partnership , the job of successfully negotiating these policies will surely fail .
Lack of a cohesive plan could be catastrophic for the country .
Imagine if a portion of critical infrastructure were taken off the internet , resulting in an interruption of international trade communications .
Economic stability could be placed at risk , and the cascading effect could have far reaching implications for years to come .
Organizations that own our critical infrastructure must be held accountable to immediately determine which stakeholders from both the public and private sector need to participate in negotiations .
Representatives from every relevant sector of government and industry should participate in comprehensive discussions to determine appropriate actions to be taken by the President and to provide guidance .
Perhaps involvement from think tanks would add great value .
Also , we cannot allow the international community to be cut out of this discussion ; there could be great implications for them as well .
As always , the devil is in the details .
But without participation by both the government and the private sector , this legislation will surely fail .
We currently have a surfeit of cyber security legislation , yet we seem to lack the ability to make much of it stick .
With the pending recess and elections , itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s possible all this work will lead to nothing .
Our country will remain at risk while our new legislators come up to speed .
July 26th , 2010 | Guest Blog Post | Obama watch
At a stoplight just a few miles from his home , Nicholas Beltrante , 82 , puts on his flashers , opens the driver 's side door to his car , gets out , and approaches my car .
I roll down my window .
" You see that little memorial over there ? " he asks .
I nod .
" That 's where a Fairfax County Police officer killed Ashley McIntosh . "
He starts to offer more detail , then realizes the middle of an intersection probably is n't the best place to fill me in .
" I 'll tell you more about it when we get to Ruby Tuesdays , " he says .
Beltrante asked me to lunch ( disclosure : his treat ) last month after seeing a column I wrote on the striking lack of transparency among Northern Virginia 's three largest police departments .
He wanted to discuss his new organization , the Virginia Citizens Coalition for Police Accountability ( VCCPA ) , which he says he started in order to fight what he calls the " decades of corruption and secrecy at the police department here in Fairfax County . "
In addition to passion , Beltrante brings some gravitas to the project .
He points to his " World War II Veteran " license plate .
Beltrante served as a Navy medic .
" People still come up and thank me , " he says , referring to the license plate .
" Always makes my day . "
Beltrante worked for the D.C. Metro police department for 14 years , retiring with the rank of sergeant detective .
He then opened a private detective agency , which he ran for 30 years .
The Democratic National Committee hired his agency to sweep their office for bugs after the Watergrate break - in .
( Beltrante met his wife Patricia — to whom he 's been married for 35 years — when she came to the agency with suspicions that her then - husband was cheating .
He was . )
Ashley McIntosh was killed in February 2008 when Fairfax County Police Officer Amanda Perry , responding to a petty theft at a convenience store , sped through an intersection without sounding her siren , striking McIntosh 's car .
Perry was charged with reckless driving , the first time in decades an on -duty Fairfax County cop was charged with a crime .
A judge later dismissed the charge , though Perry was ultimately discharged from the force for falsifying time sheets .
" They finally settled with the family in February , " Beltrante says .
" $ 1.5 million .
That 's $ 1.5 million taxpayers have to pay because Fairfax can't keep its police officers accountable . "
Beltrante emphasizes that it is n't the mistakes but the lack of accountability that got him agitated enough to start his organization .
" You have this David Masters who was killed last year , " he says , referring to another incident in which a Fairfax officer shot an unarmed man along the same highway .
" They wo n't even release the police officer 's name .
They wo n't even release the report .
We 're just supposed to trust them when they say that shooting was justified .
I 've worked in government .
You do n't keep the government accountable by shielding the people who work for it .
There 's this perception in some departments that officers are above the law . "
Beltrante recently received some assistance to get his website up and running .
But for the first several months of its existence , he ran the VCCPA from a typewriter , fax machine , and telephone in his home .
" The phone rings all the time , " he says .
" There are more than enough complaints to keep me busy . "
He then rattles off stories .
There 's the NAACP complaint about Randall Leroy Rollins , a black man killed by Fairfax police in 2007 during a drug sting .
Police say Rollins reached for a gun .
Witness accounts differ from police accounts .
More disturbing , Rollins ' family says when his body was delivered to them , his testicles had been removed .
( Rollins was with a white woman at the time of the sting . )
There 's Sal Culosi , the Fairfax optometrist killed during a 2006 botched SWAT raid on his home .
Culosi was suspected of wagering on college football games with friends .
Then there 's Ian Smith , a mentally - ill man shot by Fairfax police just this year after a tactical team entered his home and he brandished a plastic BB pistol .
Beltrante acknowledges that the actions of the police may have been justified in some of these incidents .
" The problem is that they refuse to share any information .
Not with the press , not with the victims ' families .
Their transparency policy is that there 's no transparency .
And I find that inexcusable . "
Beltrante eventually wants to start chapters of his organization in Richmond , Hampton Roads , and other cities across Virginia .
First , however , he wants Fairfax to establish a formal civilian review board to oversee the police department .
It 's one of the largest police departments in the country without a citizen oversight board .
Beltrante also wants to challenge Virginia 's open records law , or at least the way the police departments in Alexandria , Fairfax County , and Arlington have interpreted it , which is that it gives them carte blanche to turn down any and all information requests .
" I 've already filed the open records request for the report and the name of the police officer who shot David Masters , " Beltrante says .
" They turned me down , as I expected they would .
We hope to work with the ACLU to either challenge the law in court , or get the legislature to change it .
Think about that .
An officer shoots and kills an unarmed man and we 're not permitted to even know the officer 's name .
I find that offensive as a former police officer , as a veteran , and just as someone who happens to live in Fairfax County . "
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Nvidia has long promoted its PhysX game physics middleware as an example of a computing problem that benefits greatly from GPU acceleration , and a number of games over the past couple of years have featured PhysX with GPU acceleration .
Those games have often included extra physics effects that , when enabled without the benefit of GPU acceleration , slow frame rates to a crawl .
With the help of an Nvidia GPU , though , those effects can usually be produced at fluid frame rates .
We have noted in the past that some games implement PhysX using only a single thread , leaving additional cores and hardware threads on today ’s fastest CPUs sitting idle .
That ’s true despite the fact that physics solvers are inherently parallel and are highly multithreaded by nature when executing on a GPU .
Now , David Kanter at RealWorld Technologies has added a new twist to the story by analyzing the execution of several PhysX games using Intel ’s VTune profiling tool .
Kanter discovered that when GPU acceleration is disabled and PhysX calculations are being handled by the CPU , the vast majority of the code being executed uses x87 floating - point math instructions rather than SSE .
Here ’s Kanter ’s summation of the problem with that fact :
x87 has been deprecated for many years now , with Intel and AMD recommending the much faster SSE instructions for the last 5 years .
On modern CPUs , code using SSE instructions can easily run 1.5 - 2X faster than similar code using x87 .
By using x87 , PhysX diminishes the performance of CPUs , calling into question the real benefits of PhysX on a GPU .
Kanter notes that there ’s no technical reason not to use SSE on the PC — no need for additional mathematical precision , no justifiable requirement for x87 backward compatibility among remotely modern CPUs , no apparent technical barrier whatsoever .
In fact , as he points out , Nvidia has PhysX layers that run on game consoles using the PowerPC ’s AltiVec instructions , which are very similar to SSE .
Kanter even expects using SSE would ease development : " In the case of PhysX on the CPU , there are no significant extra costs ( and frankly supporting SSE is easier than x87 anyway ) . "
So even single - threaded PhysX code could be roughly twice as fast as it is with very little extra effort .
Between the lack of multithreading and the predominance of x87 instructions , the PC version of Nvidia ’s PhysX middleware would seem to be , at best , extremely poorly optimized , and at worst , made slow through willful neglect .
Nvidia , of course , is free to engage in such neglect , but there are consequences to be paid for doing so .
Here ’s how Kanter sums it up :
The bottom line is that Nvidia is free to hobble PhysX on the CPU by using single threaded x87 code if they wish .
That choice , however , does not benefit developers or consumers though , and casts substantial doubts on the purported performance advantages of running PhysX on a GPU , rather than a CPU .
Indeed .
The PhysX logo is intended as a selling point for games taking full advantage of Nvidia hardware , but it now may take on a stronger meaning : intentionally slow on everything else .
The story of Helen Reddy 's song I Am Woman
When Helen Reddy wrote her song I Am Woman , she was speaking as a feminist to women she felt she could reach through music .
Medieval Sourcebook :
Tacitus :
Germania Tacitus , an important Roman historian , wrote the most detailed early description of the Germans at then end of the first century CE ..
In doing so , be warned , he was commenting on the Rome of his own time , as much as on the German themselves .
Note that although this is most of Tacitus ' text , some of the later sections are not in this etext .
The Inhabitants .
0rigins of the Name " Germany . " The Germans themselves I should regard as aboriginal , and not mixed at all with other races through immigration or intercourse .
For , in former times it was not by land but on shipboard that those who sought to emigrate would arrive ; and the boundless and , so to speak , hostile ocean beyond us , is seldom entered by a sail from our world .
And , beside the perils of rough and unknown seas , who would leave Asia , or Africa for Italy for Germany , with its wild country , its inclement skies , its sullen manners and aspect , unless indeed it were his home ?
In their ancient songs , their only way of remembering or recording the past they celebrate an earth - born god Tuisco , and his son Mannus , as the origin of their race , as their founders .
To Mannus they assign three sons , from whose names , they say , the coast tribes are called Ingaevones ; those of the interior , Herminones ; all the rest , Istaevones .
Some , with the freedom of conjecture permitted by antiquity , assert that the god had several descendants , and the nation several appellations , as Marsi , Gambrivii , Suevi , Vandilij , and that these are nine old names .
The name Germany , on the other hand , they say is modern and newly introduced , from the fact that the tribes which first crossed the Rhine and drove out the Gauls , and are now called Tungrians , were then called Germans .
Thus what was the name of a tribe , and not of a race , gradually prevailed , till all called themselves by this self - invented name of Germans , which the conquerors had first employed to inspire terror .
The National War -Songs ....
They say that Hercules , too , once visited them ; and when going into battle , they sing of him first of all heroes .
They have also those songs of theirs , by the recital of which ( " baritus , " they call it ) , they rouse their courage , while from the note they augur the result of the approaching conflict .
For , as their line shouts , they inspire or feel alarm .
It is not so much an articulate sound , as a general cry of valor .
They aim chiefly at a harsh note and a confused roar , putting their shields to their mouth , so that , by reverberation , it may swell into a fuller and deeper sound .
Physical Characteristics .
For my own part , I agree with those who think that the tribes of Germany are free from all taint of intermarriages with foreign nations , and that they appear as a distinct , unmixed race , like none but themselves .
Hence , too , the same physical peculiarities throughout so vast a population .
All have fierce blue eyes , red hair , huge frames , fit only for a sudden exertion .
They are less able to bear laborious work .
Heat and thirst they cannot in the least endure ; to cold and hunger their climate and their soil inure them .
Climate and Soil. Precious Metals .
Their country , though somewhat various in appearance , yet generally either bristles with forests or reeks with swamps ; it is more rainy on the side of Gaul , bleaker on that of Noricum and Pannonia .
It is productive of grain , but unfavourable to fruit - bearing trees ; it is rich in flocks and herds , but these are for the most part undersized , and even the cattle have not their usual beauty or noble head .
It is number that is chiefly valued ; they are in fact the most highly prized , indeed the only riches of the people .
Silver and gold the gods have refused to them , whether in kindness or in anger I can not say .
I would not , however , affirm that no vein of German soil produces gold or silver , for who has ever made a search ?
They care but little to possess or use them .
You may see among them vessels of silver , which have been presented to their envoys and chieftains , held as cheap as those of the clay .
The border population , however , value gold and silver for their commercial utility , and are familiar with , and show preference for , some of our coins .
The tribes of the interior use the simpler and more ancient practice of the barter of commodities .
They like the old and well known money , coins milled , or showing a two - horse chariot .
They likewise prefer silver to gold , not from any special liking , but because a large number of silver pieces is more convenient for use among dealers in cheap and common articles .
Arms Military Manoeuvres and Discipline Even iron is not plentiful with them , as we infer from the character of their weapons .
But few use swords or long lances .
They carry a spear ( framea is their name for it ) , with a narrow and short head , but so sharp and easy to wield that the same weapon serves , according to circumstances , for close or distant conflict .
As for the horse - soldier , he is satisfied with a shield and spear ; the foot - soldiers also scatter showers of missiles each man having several and hurling them to an immense distance , and being naked or lightly clad with a little cloak .
There is no display about their equipment ; their shields alone are marked with very choice colours .
A few only have corslets , and just one or two here and there a metal or leather helmet .
Their horses are remarkable neither for beauty nor for fleetness .
Nor are they taught various evolutions after our fashion , but are driven straight forward , or so as to make one wheel to the right in such a compact body that none is left behind another .
On the whole , one would say that their chief strength is in their infantry , which fights along with the cavalry ; admirably adapted to the action of the latter is the swiftness of certain foot - soldiers , who are picked from the entire youth of their country , and stationed in front of the line .
Their number is fixed -- a hundred from each canton ; and from this they take their name among their countrymen , so that what was originally a mere number has no become a title of distinction .
Their line of battle is drawn up in a wedge - like formation .
To give ground , provided you return to the attack , is considered prudence rather than cowardice .
The bodies of their slain they carry off even in indecisive engagements .
To abandon your shield is the basest of crimes ; nor may a man thus disgraced be present at the sacred rites , or enter their council ; many , indeed , after escaping from battle , have ended their infamy with the halter .
Government .
Influence of Women .
They choose their kings by birth , their generals for merit .
These kings have not unlimited or arbitrary power , and the generals do more by example than by authority .
If they are energetic , if they are conspicuous , if they fight in the front , they lead because they are admired .
But to reprimand , to imprison , even to flog , is permitted to the priests alone , and that not as a punishment , or at the general 's bidding , but , as it were , by the mandate of the god whom they believe to inspire the warrior .
They also carry with them into battle certain figures and images taken from their sacred groves .
And what most stimulates their courage is , that their squadrons or battalions , instead of being formed by chance or by a fortuitous gathering , are composed of families and clans .
Close by them , too , are those dearest to them , so that they hear the shrieks of women , the cries of infants .
They are to every man the most sacred witnesses of his bravery - they are his most generous applauders .
The soldier brings his wounds to mother and wife , who shrink not from counting or even demanding them and who administer food and encouragement to the combatants .
Tradition says that armies already wavering and giving way have been rallied by women who , with earnest entreaties and bosoms laid bare , have vividly represented the horrors of captivity , which the Germans fear with such extreme dread on behalf of their women , that the strongest tie by which a state can be bound is the being required to give , among the number of hostages , maidens of noble birth .
They even believe that the sex has a certain sanctity and prescience , and they do not despise their counsels , or make light of their answers .
In Vespasian 's days we saw Veleda , long regarded by many as a divinity .
In former times , too , they venerated Aurinia , and many other women , but not with servile flatteries , or with sham deification .
Deities .
Mercury is the deity whom they chiefly worship , and on certain days they deem it right to sacrifice to him even with human victims .
Hercules and Mars they appease with more lawful offerings .
Some of the Suevi also sacrifice to Isis .
Of the occasion and origin of this foreign rite I have discovered nothing , but that the image , which is fashioned like a light galley , indicates an imported worship .
The Germans , however , do not consider it consistent with the grandeur of celestial beings to confine the gods within walls , or to liken them to the form of any human countenance .
They consecrate woods and groves , and they apply the names of deities to the abstraction which they see only in spiritual worship .
Auguries and Method of Divination .
Augury and divination by lot no people practise more diligently .
The use of the lots is simple .
A little bough is lopped off a fruit - bearing tree , and cut into small pieces ; these are distinguished by certain marks , and thrown carelessly and at random over a white garment .
In public questions the priest of the particular state , in private the father of the family , invokes the gods , and , with his eyes toward heaven , takes up each piece three times , and finds in them a meaning according to the mark previously impressed on them .
If they prove unfavourable , there is no further consultation that day about the matter ; if they sanction it , the confirmation of augury is still required .
For they are also familiar with the practice of consulting the notes and flight of birds .
It is peculiar to this people to seek omens and monitions from horses .
Kept at the public expense , in these same woods and groves , are white horses , pure from the taint of earthly labour ; these are yoked to a sacred car , and accompanied by the priest and the king , or chief of the tribe , who note their neighings and snortings .
No species of augury is more trusted , not only by the people and by the nobility , but also by the priests , who regard themselves as the ministers of the gods , and the horses as acquainted with their will .
They have also another method of observing auspices , by which they seek to learn the result of an important war .
Having taken , by whatever means , a prisoner from the tribe with whom they are at war , they pit him against a picked man of their own tribe , each combatant using the weapons of their country .
The victory of the one or the other is accepted as an indication of the issue .
Councils -
About minor matters the chiefs deliberate , about the more important the whole tribe .
Yet even when the final decision rests with the people , the affair is always thoroughly discussed by the chiefs .
They assemble , except in the case of a sudden emergency , on certain fixed days , either at new or at full moon ; for this they consider the most auspicious season for the transaction of business .
Instead of reckoning by days as we do , they reckon by nights , and in this manner fix both their ordinary and their legal appointments .
Night they regard as bringing on day .
Their freedom has this disadvantage , that they do not meet simultaneously or as they are bidden , but two or three days are wasted in the delays of assembling .
When the multitude think proper , they sit down armed .
Silence is proclaimed by the priests , who have on these occasions the right of keeping order .
Then the king or the chief , according to age , birth , distinction in war , or eloquence , is heard , more because he has influence to persuade than because he has power to command .
If his sentiments displease them , they reject them with murmurs ; if they are satisfied , they brandish their spears .
The most complimentary form of assent is to express approbation with their spears .
Punishments .
Administration of Justice .
In their councils an accusation may be preferred or a capital crime prosecuted .
Penalties are distinguished according to the offence .
Traitors and deserters are hanged on trees ; the coward , the unwarlike , the man stained with abominable vices , is plunged into the mire of the morass with a hurdle put over him .
This distinction in punishment means that crime , they think , ought , in being punished , to be exposed , while infamy ought to be buried out of sight - Lighter offences , too , have penalties proportioned to them ; he who is convicted , is fined in a certain number of horses or of cattle .
Half of the fine is paid to the king or to the state , half to the person whose wrongs are avenged and to his relatives .
In these same councils they also elect the chief magistrates , who administer law in the cantons and the towns .
Each of these has a hundred associates chosen from the people , who support him with their advice and influence .
Training of Youth
They transact no public or private business without being armed .
it is not , however , usual for anyone to wear arms till the state has recognized his power to use them .
Then in the presence of the council one of the chiefs , or the young man 's father , or some kinsman , equips him with a shield and a spear .
These arms are what the " toga " is with us , the first honour with which youth is invested .
Up to this time he is regarded as a member of a household , after - wards as a member of the commonwealth .
Very noble birth or great services rendered by the father secure for lads the rank of a chief ; such lads attach themselves to men of mature strength and of long approved valour .
It is no shame to be seen among a chief 's followers .
Even in his escort there are gradations of rank , dependent on the choice of the man to whom they are attached .
These followers vie keenly with each others as to who shall rank first with his chiefs , the chiefs as to who shall have the most numerous and the bravest followers .
It is an honour as well as a source of strength to be thus always surrounded by a large body of picked youths ; it is an ornament in peace and a defence in war .
And not only in his own tribe but also in the neighboring states it is the renown and glory of a chief to be distinguished for the number and valour of his followers , for such a man is courted by embassies , is honoured with presents , and the very prestige of his name ofen settles a war .
Warlike Ardour of the People .
When they go into battle , it is a disgrace for the chief to be surpassed in valour , a disgrace for his followers not to equal the valour of the chief .
And it is an infamy and a reproach for life to have survived the chief , and returned from the field .
To defend , to protect him , to ascribe one 's own brave deeds to his renown , is the height of loyalty .
The chief fights for victory ; his vassals fight for their chief .
If their native state sinks into the sloth of prolonged peace and repose , many of its noble youths voluntarily seek those tribes which are waging some war , both because inaction is odious to their race , and because they win renown more readily in the midst of peril , and cannot maintain a numerous following except by violence and war .
Indeed , men look to the liberality of their chief for their war - horse and their bloodstained and victorious lance .
Feasts and entertainments , which , though inelegant , are plentifully furnished , are their only pay .
The means of this bounty come from war and rapine .
Nor are they as easily persuaded to plough the earth and to wait for the year 's produce as to challenge an enemy and earn the honour of wounds .
Nay , they actually think it tame and stupid to acquire by the sweat of toil what they might win by their blood .
Habits in Time of Peace .
Whenever they are not fighting , they pass much of their time in the chase , and still more in idleness , giving themselves up to sleep and to feasting , the bravest and the most warlike doing nothing , and surrendering the management of the household , of the home , and of the land , to the women , the old men , and all the weakest members of the family .
They themselves lie buried in sloth , a strange combination in their nature that the same men should be so fond of idleness , so averse to peace .
It is the custom of the states to bestow by voluntary and individual contribution on the chiefs a present of cattle or of grain , which , while accepted as a compliment , supplies their wants .
They are particularly delighted by gifts from neighbouring tribes , which are sent not only by individuals but also by the state , such as choice steeds , heavy armour , trappings , and neck - chains .
We have now taught them to acccept money also .
Arrangement of Their Towns , Subterranean Dwellings
It is well known that the nations of Germany have not cities , and that they do not even tolerate closely contiguous dwellings .
They live scattered and apart , just as a spring , a meadow , or a wood has attracted them .
Their village they do not arrange in our fashion , with the buildings connected and joined together , but every person surrounds his dwelling with an open space , either as a precaution against the disasters of fire , or because they do not know how to build .
No use is made by them of stone or tile ; they employ timber for all purposes , rude masses without ornament or attractiveness .
Some parts of their buildings they stain more carefully with a clay so clear and bright that it resembles painting , or a coloured design .
They are wont also to dig out subterranean caves , and pile on them great heaps of dung shelter from winter and as a receptacle for the year 's produce , for by such places they mitigate the rigour of the cold .
And should an enemy approach , he lays waste the open country , while what is hidden and buried is either not known to exist , or escapes him from the very fact that it has to be searched for .
Dress
They all wrap themselves in a cloak which is fastened with a clasp , or , if this is not forthcoming , with a thorn , leaving the rest of their persons bare .
They pass whole days on the hearth by the fire .
The wealthiest are distinguished by a dress which is not flowing like that of the Sarmatae and Parthi , but is tight , and exhibits each limb .
They also wear the skins of wild beasts ; the tribes on the Rhine and Danube in a careless fashion , those of the interior with more elegance , as not obtaining other clothing by commerce .
These select certain animals , the hides of which they strip off and vary them with the spotted skins of beasts , the produce of the outer ocean , and of seas unknown to us .
The women have the same dress as the men except that they generally wrap themselves in linen garments , which they embroider with purple , and do not lengthen out the upper part of their clothing into sleeves .
The upper and lower arm is thus bare , and the nearest part of the bosom is also exposed .
Marriage Laws .
Their marriage code , however , is strict , and indeed no part of their manners is more praiseworthy .
Almost alone among barbarians they are content with one wife , except a very few among them , and these not from sensuality , but because their noble birth procures for them many offers of alliance .
The wife does not bring a dower to the husband , but the husband to the wife .
The parents and relatives are present , and pass judgment on the marriage - gifts , gifts not meant to suit a woman 's taste , nor such as a bride would deck herself with , but oxen , a caparisoned steed , a shield , a lance , and a sword .
With these presents the wife is espoused , and she herself in her turn brings her husband a gift of arms .
This they count their strongest bond of union , these their sacred mysteries , these their gods of marriage .
Lest the woman should think herself to stand apart from aspirations after noble deeds and from the perils of war , she is reminded by the ceremony which inaugurates marriage that she is her husband 's partner in toil and danger , destined to suffer and to dare with him alike both in in war .
The yoked oxen , the harnessed steed , the gift of arms proclaim this fact .
She must live and die with the feeling that she is receiving what she must hand down to her children neither tarnished nor depreciated , what future daughters - in - law may receive , and may be so passed on to her grandchildren .
Thus with their virtue protected they live uncorrupted by the allurements of public shows or the stimulant of feastings .
Clandestine correspondence is equally unknown to men and women .
Very rare for so numerous a population is adultery , the punishment for which is prompt , and in the husband 's power .
Having cut off the hair of the adulteress and stripped her naked , he expels her from the house in the presence of her kinsfolk , and then flogs her through the whole village .
The loss of chastity meets with no indulgence ; neither beauty , youth , nor wealth will procure the culprit a husband .
No one in Germany laughs at vice , nor do they call it the fashion to corrupt and to be corrupted .
Still better is the condition of those states in which only maidens are given in marriage , and where the hopes and expectations of a bride are then finally terminated .
They receive one husband , as having one body and one life , that they may have no thoughts beyond , no further - reaching desires , that they may love not so much the husband as the married state .
To limit the number of children or to destroy any of their subsequent offspring is accounted infamous , and good habits are here more effectual than good laws elsewhere .
Their Children .
Laws Of Succession .
In every household the children , naked and filthy , grow up with those stout frames and limbs which we so much admire .
Every mother suckles her own offspring and never entrusts it to servants and nurses .
The master is not distinguished from the slave by being brought up with greater delicacy .
Both live amid the same flocks and lie on the same ground till the freeborn are distinguished by age and recognised by merit .
The young men marry late , and their vigour is thus unimpaired .
Nor are the maidens hurried into marriage ; the same age and a similar stature is required ; well - matched and vigorous they wed , and the offspring reproduce the strength of the parents .
Sister 's sons are held in as much esteem by their uncles as by their fathers ; indeed , some regard the relation as even more sacred and binding , and prefer it in receiving hostages , thinking thus to secure a stronger hold on the affections and a wider bond for the family .
But every man 's children are his heirs and successors , and there are no wills .
Should there be no issue , the next in succession to the property are brothers and his uncles on either side .
The more relatives he has the more numerous his connections , the more honoured is his old age ; nor are there any advantages in childlessness .
Hereditary Feuds - Fines for Homicide .
Hospitality
It is a duty among them to adopt the feuds as well as the friendships of a father or a kinsman .
These feuds are not implacable ; even homicide is expiated by the payment of a certain number of cattle and of sheep , and the satisfaction is accepted by the entire family , greatly to the advantage of the state , since feuds are dangerous in proportion to the people 's freedom .
No nation indulges more profusely in entertainments and hospitality .
To exclude any human being from their roof is thought impious ; every German , according to his means , receives his guest with a well - furnished table .
When his supplies are exhausted , he who was but now the host becomes the guide and companion to further hospitality , and without invitation they go to the next house .
It matters not ; they are entertained with like cordiality .
No one distinguishes between an acquaintance and a stranger , as regards the rights of hospitality .
It is usual to give the departing guest whatever he may ask for , and a present in return is asked with as little hesitation .
They are greatly charmed with gifts , but they expect no return for what they give , nor feel any obligation for what they receive .
Habits of Life .
On waking from sleep , which they generally prolong for a late hour of the day , they take a bath , most often of warm water , which suits a country where winter is the longest of the seasons .
After their bath they take their meal , each having a separate seat and table of his own .
Then they go armed to business , or no less often to their festal meetings .
To pass an entire day and night in drinking disgraces no one .
Their quarrels , as might be expected with intoxicated people , are seldom fought out with mere abuse , but commonly with wounds and bloodshed .
Yet it is at their feasts that they generally consult on the reconciliation of enemies , on the forming of matrimonial alliances , on the choice of chiefs , finally even on peace and wai- , for they think that at no time is the mind more open to simplicity of purpose or more warmed to noble aspirations .
A race without either natural or acquired cunning , they disclose their hidden thoughts in the freedom of the festivity .
Thus the sentiments of all having been discovered and laid bare , the discussion is renewed on the following day , and from each occasion its own peculiar advantage is derived .
They deliberate when they have no power to dissemble ; they resolve when error is impossible .
Food A liquor for drinking is made of barley or other grain , and fermented into a certain resemblance to wine .
The dwellers on the river - bank also buy wine .
Their food is of a simple kind , consisting of wild fruit , fresh game , and curdled milk .
They satisfy their hunger without elaborate preparation and without delicacies .
In quenching their thirst they are equally moderate .
If you indulge their love of drinking by supplying them with as much as they desire , they will be overcome by their own vices as easily as by the arms of an enemy .
Sports .
Passion for Gambling .
One and the same kind of spectacle is always exhibited at every gathering .
Naked youths who practise the sport bound in the dance amid swords and lances that threaten their lives .
Experience gives them skill and skill again gives grace ; profit or pay are out of the question ; however reckless their pastime , its reward is the pleasure of the spectators .
Strangely enough they make games of hazard a serious occupation even when sober , and so venturesome are they about gaining or losing , that , when every other resource has failed , on the last and final throw they stake the freedom of their own persons .
The loser goes into voluntary slavery ; though the younger and stronger , he suffers himself to be bound and sold .
Such is their stubborn persistency in a bad practice ; they themselves call it honour .
Slaves of this kind the owners part with in the way of commerce , and also to relieve themselves from the scandal of such a victory .
Slavery .
The other slaves are not employed after our manner with distinct domestic duties assigned to them , but each one has the management of a house and home of his own .
The master requires from the slave a certain quantity of grain , of cattle , and of clothing , as he would from a tenant , and this is the limit of subjection .
All other household functions are discharged by the wife and children .
To strike a slave or to punish him with bonds or with hard labour is a rare occurrence .
They often kill them , not in enforcing strict discipline , but on the impulse of passion , as they would an enemy , only it is done with impunity .
The freedmen do not rank much above slaves , and are seldom of any weight in the family , never in the state with the exception of those tribes which are ruled by kings .
There indeed they rise above the freeborn and the noble ; elsewhere the inferiority of the freedman marks the freedom of the state .
Occupation of Land .
Tillage .
Of lending money on interest and increasing it by compounding interest they know nothing - a more effectual safeguard than if it was prohibited .
Land proportioned to the number of inhabitants is occupied by the whole community in turn , and afterwards divided among them according to rank .
A wide expanse of plains makes the partition easy .
They till fresh fields every year , and they have still more land than enough ; with the richness and extent of their soil , they do not laboriously exert themselves in planting orchards , enclosing meadows and watering gardens .
Corn is the only produce required from the earth ; hence even the year itself is not divided by them into as many seasons as with us .
Winter , spring , and summer have both a meaning and a name ; the name and blessings of autumn are alike unknown .
Funeral Rites .
In their funerals there is no pomp ; they simply observe the custom of burning the bodies of illustrious men with certain kinds of wood .
They do not heap garments or spices on the funeral pile .
The arms of the dead man and in some cases his horse are consigned to the fire .
A turf mound forms the tomb .
Monuments with their lofty elaborate splendour they reject as oppressive to the dead .
Tears and lamentations they soon dismiss ; grief and sorrow but slowly .
It is thought becoming for women to bewail , for men to remember , the dead .
Such on the whole is the account which I have received of the origin and manners of the entire German people .
Text to this point from Tacitus , The Agricola and Germania , A. J. Church and W. J. Brodribb , trans . , ( London : Macmillan , 1877 ) , pp. 87 - 10 Tacitus goes on to give a geographical account of the locations of the main German tribes .
The following , which completes the text of the Germania , is from an 18th - century different translation by Thomas Gordon .
I shall now deduce the institutions and usages of the several people , as far as they vary one from another ; as also an account of what nations from thence removed , to settle themselves in Gaul .
That the Gauls were in times past more puissant and formidable , is related by the Prince of authors , the deified Julius [ ie Julius Caesar ] and hence it is probable that they too have passed into Germany .
For what a small obstacle must be a river , to restrain any nation , as each grew more potent , from seizing or changing habitations ; when as yet all habitations were common , and not parted or appropriated by the founding and terror of Monarchies ?
The region therefore between the Hercynian Forest and the rivers Moenus [ ie Main ] and Rhine , was occupied by the Helvetians ; as was that beyond it by the Boians , both nations of Gaul .
There still remains a place called Boiemum , which denotes the primitive name and antiquity of the country , although the inhabitants have been changed .
But whether the Araviscans are derived from the Osians , a nation of Germans passing into Pannonia , or the Osians from the Araviscans removing from thence into Germany , is a matter undecided ; since they both still use the language , the same customs and the same laws .
For , as of old they lived alike poor and alike free , equal proved the evils and advantages on each side the river , and common to both people .
The Treverians and Nervians aspire passionately to the reputation of being descended from the Germans ; since by the glory of this original , they would escape all imputation of resembling the Gauls in person and effeminacy .
Such as dwell upon the bank of the Rhine , the Vangiones , the Tribocians , and the Nemetes , are without doubt all Germans .
The Ubians are ashamed of their original ; though they have a particular honour to boast , that of having merited an establishment as a Roman Colony , and still delight to be called Agrippinensians , after the name of their founder : they indeed formerly came from beyond the Rhine , and , for the many proofs of their fidelity , were settled upon the very bank of the river ; not to be there confined or guarded themselves , but to guard and defend that boundary against the rest of the Germans .
Of all these nations , the Batavians are the most signal in bravery .
They inhabit not much territory upon the Rhine , but possess an island in it .
They were formerly part of the Cattans , and by means of feuds at home removed to these dwellings ; whence they might become a portion of the Roman Empire .
With them this honour still remains , as also the memorials of their ancient association with us : for they are not under the contempt of paying tribute , nor subject to be squeezed by the farmers of the revenue .
Free from all impositions and payments , and only set apart for the purposes of fighting , they are reserved wholly for the wars , in the same manner as a magazine of weapons and armour .
Under the same degree of homage are the nation of the Mattiacians .
For such is the might and greatness of the Roman People , as to have carried the awe and esteem of their Empire beyond the Rhine and the ancient boundaries .
Thus the Mattiacians , living upon the opposite banks , enjoy a settlement and limits of their own ; yet in spirit and inclination are attached to us : in other things resembling the Batavians , save that as they still breathe their original air , still possess their primitive soil , they are thence inspired with superior vigour and keenness .
Amongst the people of Germany I would not reckon those who occupy the lands which are under decimation , though they be such as dwell beyond the Rhine and the Danube .
By several worthless and vagabond Gauls , and such as poverty rendered daring , that region was seized as one belonging to no certain possessor : afterwards it became a skirt of the Empire and part of a province , upon the enlargement of our bounds and the extending of our garrisons and frontier .
Beyond these are the Cattans , whose territories begin at the Hercynian Forest , and consist not of such wide and marshy plains , as those of the other communities contained within the vast compass of Germany ; but produce ranges of hills , such as run lofty and contiguous for a long tract , then by degrees sink and decay .
Moreover the Hercynian Forest attends for a while its native Cattans , then suddenly forsakes them .
This people are distinguished with bodies more hardy and robust , compact limbs , stern countenances , and greater vigour of spirit .
For Germans , they are men of much sense and address .
[ Footnote : " Leur intelligence et leur finesse etonnent , dans des Germains . " ]
They dignify chosen men , listen to such as are set over them , know how to preserve their post , to discern occasions , to rebate their own ardour and impatience ; how to employ the day , how to entrench themselves by night .
They account fortune amongst things slippery and uncertain , but bravery amongst such as are never - failing and secure ; and , what is exceeding rare nor ever to be learnt but by a wholesome course of discipline , in the conduct of the general they repose more assurance than in the strength of the army .
Their whole forces consist of foot , who besides their arms carry likewise instruments of iron and their provisions .
You may see other Germans proceed equipped to battle , but the Cattans so as to conduct a war . [ Footnote 10 : " Alios ad proelium ire videas , Chattos ad bellum . " ]
They rarely venture upon excursions or casual encounters .
It is in truth peculiar to cavalry , suddenly to conquer , or suddenly to fly .
Such haste and velocity rather resembles fear .
Patience and deliberation are more akin to intrepidity .
Moreover a custom , practised indeed in other nations of Germany , yet very rarely and confined only to particulars more daring than the rest , prevails amongst the Cattans by universal consent .
As soon as they arrive to maturity of years , they let their hair and beards continue to grow , nor till they have slain an enemy do they ever lay aside this form of countenance by vow sacred to valour .
Over the blood and spoil of a foe they make bare their face .
They allege , that they have now acquitted themselves of the debt and duty contracted by their birth , and rendered themselves worthy of their country , worthy of their parents .
Upon the spiritless , cowardly and unwarlike , such deformity of visage still remains .
[ Footnote : " Manet squalor . " ]
All the most brave likewise wear an iron ring ( a mark of great dishonour this in that nation ) and retain it as a chain ; till by killing an enemy they become released .
Many of the Cattans delight always to bear this terrible aspect ; and , when grown white through age , become awful and conspicuous by such marks , both to the enemy and their own countrymen .
By them in all engagements the first assault is made : of them the front of the battle is always composed , as men who in their looks are singular and tremendous .
For even during peace they abate nothing in the grimness and horror of their countenance .
They have no house to inhabit , no land to cultivate , nor any domestic charge or care .
With whomsoever they come to sojourn , by him they are maintained ; always very prodigal of the substance of others , always despising what is their own , till the feebleness of old age overtakes them , and renders them unequal to the efforts of such rigid bravery .
Next to the Cattans , dwell the Usipians and Tencterians ; upon the Rhine now
running in a channel uniform and certain , such as suffices for a boundary .
The Tencterians , besides their wonted glory in war , surpass in the service and discipline of their cavalry .
Nor do the Cattans derive higher applause from their foot , than the Tencterians from their horse .
Such was the order established by their forefathers , and what their posterity still pursue .
From riding and exercising of horses , their children borrow their pastimes ; in this exercise the young men find matter for emulating one another , and in this the old men take pleasure to persevere .
Horses are by the father bequeathed as part of his household and family , horses are conveyed amongst the rights of succession , and as such the son receives them ; but not the eldest son , like other effects , by priority of birth , but he who happens to be signal in boldness and superior in war .
Contiguous to the Tencterians formerly dwelt the Bructerians , in whose room it is said the Chamavians and Angrivarians are now settled ; they who expulsed and almost extirpated the Bructerians , with the concurrence of the neighbouring nations : whether in detestation of their arrogance , or allured by the love of spoil , or through the special favour of the Gods towards us Romans .
They in truth even vouchsafed to gratify us with the sight of the battle .
In it there fell above sixty thousand souls , without a blow struck by the Romans ; but , what is a circumstance still more glorious , fell to furnish them with a spectacle of joy and recreation .
May the Gods continue and perpetuate amongst these nations , if not any love for us , yet by all means this their animosity and hate towards each other : since whilst the destiny of the Empire thus urges it , fortune cannot more signally befriend us , than in sowing strife amongst our foes .
The Angrivarians and Chamavians are enclosed behind , by the Dulgibinians and Chasuarians ; and by other nations not so much noted : before , the Frisians face them .
The country of Frisia is divided into two ; called the greater and lesser , according to the measure of their strength .
Both nations stretch along the Rhine , quite to the ocean ; and surround vast lakes such as once have borne Roman fleets .
We have moreover even ventured out from thence into the ocean , and upon its coasts common fame has reported the pillars of Hercules to be still standing : whether it be that Hercules ever visited these parts , or that to his renowned name we are wont to ascribe whatever is grand and glorious everywhere .
Neither did Drusus who made the attempt , want boldness to pursue it : but the roughness of the ocean withstood him , nor would suffer discoveries to be made about itself , no more than about Hercules .
Thenceforward the enterprise was dropped : nay , more pious and reverential it seemed , to believe the marvellous feats of the Gods than to know and to prove them .
[ Footnote : " Coelum ipsum petimus stultitia . " ]
Hitherto , I have been describing Germany towards the west .
To the northward , it winds away with an immense compass .
And first of all occurs the nation of the Chaucians : who though they begin immediately at the confines of the Frisians , and occupy part of the shore , extend so far as to border upon all the several people whom I have already recounted ; till at last , by a Circuit , they reach quite to the boundaries of the Cattans .
A region so vast , the Chaucians do not only possess but fill ; a people of all the Germans the most noble , such as would rather maintain their grandeur by justice than violence .
They live in repose , retired from broils abroad , void of avidity to possess more , free from a spirit of domineering over others .
They provoke no wars , they ravage no countries , they pursue no plunder .
Of their bravery and power , the chief evidence arises from hence , that , without wronging or oppressing others , they are come to be superior to all .
Yet they are all ready to arm , and if an exigency require , armies are presently raised , powerful and abounding as they are in men and horses ; and even when they are quiet and their weapons laid aside , their credit and name continue equally high .
Along the side of the Chaucians and Cattans dwell the Cheruscans ; a people who finding no enemy to rouse them , were enfeebled by a peace over lasting and uniform , but such as they failed not to nourish .
A conduct which proved more pleasing than secure ; since treacherous is that repose which you enjoy amongst neighbours that are very powerful and very fond of rule and mastership .
When recourse is once had to the sword , modesty and fair dealing will be vainly pleaded by the weaker ; names these which are always assumed by the stronger .
Thus the Cheruscans , they who formerly bore the character of good and upright , are now called cowards and fools ; and the fortune of the Cattans who subdued them , grew immediately to be wisdom .
In the ruin of the Cheruscans , the Fosians , also their neighbours , were involved ; and in their calamities bore an equal share , though in their prosperity they had been weaker and less considered .
In the same winding tract of Germany live the Cimbrians , close to the ocean ; a community now very small , but great in fame .
Nay , of their ancient renown , many and extensive are the traces and monuments still remaining ; even their entrenchments upon either shore , so vast in compass that from thence you may even now measure the greatness and numerous bands of that people , and assent to the account of an army so mighty .
It was on the six hundred and fortieth year of Rome , when of the arms of the Cimbrians the first mention was made , during the Consulship of Caecilius Metellus and Papirius Carbo .
If from that time we count to the second Consulship of the Emperor Trajan , the interval comprehends near two hundred and ten years ; so long have we been conquering Germany .
In a course of time , so vast between these two periods , many have been the blows and disasters suffered on each side .
In truth neither from the Samnites , nor from the Carthaginians , nor from both Spains , nor from all the nations of Gaul , have we received more frequent checks and alarms ; nor even from the Parthians : for , more vigorous and invincible is the liberty of the Germans than the monarchy of the Arsacides .
Indeed , what has the power of the East to allege to our dishonour ; but the fall of Crassus , that power which was itself overthrown and abased by Ventidius , with the loss of the great King Pacorus bereft of his life ?
But by the Germans the Roman People have been bereft of five armies , all commanded by Consuls ; by the Germans , the commanders of these armies , Carbo , and Cassius , and Scaurus Aurelius , and Servilius Caepio , as also Marcus Manlius , were all routed or taken : by the Germans even the Emperor Augustus was bereft of Varus and three legions .
Nor without difficulty and loss of men were they defeated by Caius Marius in Italy , or by the deified Julius in Gaul , or by Drusus or Tiberius or Germanicus in their native territories .
Soon after , the mighty menaces of Caligula against them ended in mockery and derision .
Thenceforward they continued quiet , till taking advantage of our domestic division and civil wars , they stormed and seized the winter entrenchments of the legions , and aimed at the dominion of Gaul ; from whence they were once more expulsed , and in the times preceding the present , we gained a triumph over them rather than a victory .
I must now proceed to speak of the Suevians , who are not , like the Cattans and Tencterians , comprehended in a single people ; but divided into several nations all bearing distinct names , though in general they are entitled Suevians , and occupy the larger share of Germany .
This people are remarkable for a peculiar custom , that of twisting their hair and binding it up in a knot .
It is thus the Suevians are distinguished from the other Germans , thus the free Suevians from their slaves .
In other nations , whether from alliance of blood with the Suevians , or , as is usual , from imitation , this practice is also found , yet rarely , and never exceeds the years of youth .
The Suevians , even when their hair is white through age , continue to raise it backwards in a manner stern and staring ; and often tie it upon the top of their head only .
That of their Princes , is more accurately disposed , and so far they study to appear agreeable and comely ; but without any culpable intention .
For by it , they mean not to make love or to incite it : they thus dress when proceeding to war , and deck their heads so as to add to their height and terror in the eyes of the enemy .
Of all the Suevians , the Semnones recount themselves to be the most ancient and most noble .
The belief of their antiquity is confirmed by religious mysteries .
At a stated time of the year , all the several people descended from the same stock , assemble by their deputies in a wood ; consecrated by the idolatries of their forefathers , and by superstitious awe in times of old .
There by publicly sacrificing a man , they begin the horrible solemnity of their barbarous worship .
To this grove another sort of reverence is also paid .
No one enters it otherwise than bound with ligatures , thence professing his subordination and meanness , and the power of the Deity there .
If he fall down , he is not permitted to rise or be raised , but grovels along upon the ground .
And of all their superstition , this is the drift and tendency ; that from this place the nation drew their original , that here God , the supreme Governor of the world , resides , and that all things else whatsoever are subject to him and bound to obey him .
The potent condition of the Semnones has increased their influence and authority , as they inhabit an hundred towns ; and from the largeness of their community it comes , that they hold themselves for the head of the Suevians .
What on the contrary ennobles the Langobards is the smallness of their number , for that they , who are surrounded with very many and very powerful nations , derive their security from no obsequiousness or plying ; but from the dint of battle and adventurous deeds .
There follow in order the Reudignians , and Aviones , and Angles , and Varinians , and Eudoses , and Suardones and Nuithones ; all defended by rivers or forests .
Nor in one of these nations does aught remarkable occur , only that they universally join in the worship of Herthum ; that is to say , the Mother Earth .
Her they believe to interpose in the affairs of man , and to visit countries .
In an island of the ocean stands the wood Castum : in it is a chariot dedicated to the Goddess , covered over with a curtain , and permitted to be touched by none but the Priest .
Whenever the Goddess enters this her holy vehicle , he perceives her ; and with profound veneration attends the motion of the chariot , which is always drawn by yoked cows .
Then it is that days of rejoicing always ensue , and in all places whatsoever which she descends to honour with a visit and her company , feasts and recreation abound .
They go not to war ; they touch no arms ; fast laid up is every hostile weapon ; peace and repose are then only known , then only beloved , till to the temple the same priest reconducts the Goddess when well tired with the conversation of mortal beings .
Anon the chariot is washed and purified in a secret lake , as also the curtains ; nay , the Deity herself too , if you choose to believe it .
In this office it is slaves who minister , and they are forthwith doomed to be swallowed up in the same lake .
Hence all men are possessed with mysterious terror ; as well as with a holy ignorance what that must be , which none see but such as are immediately to perish .
Moreover this quarter of the Suevians stretches to the middle of Germany .
The community next adjoining , is that of the Hermondurians ; ( that I may now follow the course of the Danube , as a little before I did that of the Rhine ) a people this , faithful to the Romans .
So that to them alone of all the Germans , commerce is permitted ; not barely upon the bank of the Rhine , but more extensively , and even in that glorious colony in the province of Rhoetia .
They travel everywhere at their own discretion and without a guard ; and when to other nations , we show no more than our arms and encampments , to this people we throw open our houses and dwellings , as to men who have no longing to possess them .
In the territories of the Hermondurians rises the Elbe , a river very famous and formerly well known to us ; at present we only hear it named .
Close by the Hermondurians reside the Nariscans , and next to them the Marcomanians and Quadians .
Amongst these the Marcomanians are most signal in force and renown ; nay , their habitation itself they acquired by their bravery , as from thence they formerly expulsed the Boians .
Nor do the Nariscans or Quadians degenerate in spirit .
Now this is as it were the frontier of Germany , as far as Germany is washed by the Danube .
To the times within our memory the Marcomanians and Quadians were governed by kings , who were natives of their own , descended from the noble line of Maroboduus and Tudrus .
At present they are even subject to such as are foreigners .
But the whole strength and sway of their kings is derived from the authority of the Romans .
From our arms , they rarely receive any aid ; from our money very frequently .
Nor less powerful are the several people beyond them ; namely , the Marsignians , the Gothinians , the Osians and the Burians , who altogether enclose the Marcomanians and Quadians behind .
Of those , the Marsignians and the Burians in speech and dress resemble the Suevians .
From the Gallic language spoken by the Gothinians , and from that of Pannonia by the Osians , it is manifest that neither of these people are Germans ; as it is also from their bearing to pay tribute .
Upon them as upon aliens their tribute is imposed , partly by the Sarmatians , partly by the Quadians .
The Gothinians , to heighten their disgrace , are forced to labour in the iron mines .
By all these several nations but little level country is possessed : they are seated amongst forests , and upon the ridges and declivities of mountains .
For , Suevia is parted by a continual ridge of mountains ; beyond which , live many distinct nations .
Of these the Lygians are most numerous and extensive , and spread into several communities .
It will suffice to mention the most puissant ; even the Arians , Helvicones , Manimians ; Elysians and Naharvalians .
Amongst the Naharvalians is shown a grove , sacred to devotion extremely ancient .
Over it a Priest presides apparelled like a woman ; but according to the explication of the Romans , ' tis Castor and Pollux who are here worshipped .
This Divinity is named Alcis .
There are indeed no images here , no traces of an extraneous superstition : yet their devotion is addressed to young men and to brothers .
Now the Aryans , besides their forces , in which they surpass the several nations just recounted , are in their persons stern and truculent ; and even humour and improve their natural grimness and ferocity by art and time .
They wear black shields , their bodies are painted black , they choose dark nights for engaging in battle ; and by the very awe and ghastly hue of their army , strike the enemy with dread , as none can bear this their aspect so surprising and as it were quite infernal .
For , in all battles the eyes are vanquished first .
Beyond the Lygians dwell the Gothones , under the rule of a King ; and thence held in subjection somewhat stricter than the other German nations , yet not so strict as to extinguish all their liberty .
Immediately adjoining are the Rugians and Lemovians upon the coast of the ocean , and of these several nations the characteristics are a round shield , a short sword and kingly government .
Next occur the communities of the Suiones , situated in the ocean itself ; and besides their strength in men and arms , very powerful at sea .
The form of their vessels varies thus far from ours , that they have prows at each end , so as to be always ready to row to shore without turning nor are they moved by sails , nor on their sides have benches of oars placed , but the rowers ply here and there in all parts of the ship alike , as in some rivers is done , and change their oars from place to place , just as they shift their course hither or thither .
To wealth also , amongst them , great veneration is paid , and thence a single ruler governs them , without all restriction of power , and exacting unlimited obedience .
Neither here , as amongst other nations of Germany , are arms used indifferently by all , but shut up and warded under the care of a particular keeper , who in truth too is always a slave : since from all sudden invasions and attacks from their foes , the ocean protects them : besides that armed bands , when they are not employed , grow easily debauched and tumultuous .
The truth is , it suits not the interest of an arbitrary Prince , to trust the care and power of arms either with a nobleman or with a freeman , or indeed with any man above the condition of a slave .
Beyond the Suiones is another sea , one very heavy and almost void of agitation ; and by it the whole globe is thought to be bounded and environed , for that the reflection of the sun , after his setting , continues till his rising , so bright as to darken the stars .
To this , popular opinion has added , that the tumult also of his emerging from the sea is heard , that forms divine are then seen , as likewise the rays about his head .
Only thus far extend the limits of nature , if what fame says be true .
Upon the right of the Suevian Sea the Aestyan nations reside , who use the same customs and attire with the Suevians ; their language more resembles that of Britain .
They worship the Mother of the Gods .
As the characteristic of their national superstition , they wear the images of wild boars .
This alone serves them for arms , this is the safeguard of all , and by this every worshipper of the Goddess is secured even amidst his foes .
Rare amongst them is the use of weapons of iron , but frequent that of clubs .
In producing of grain and the other fruits of the earth , they labour with more assiduity and patience than is suitable to the usual laziness of Germans .
Nay , they even search the deep , and of all the rest are the only people who gather amber .
They call it glasing , and find it amongst the shallows and upon the very shore .
But , according to the ordinary incuriosity and ignorance of Barbarians , they have neither learnt , nor do they inquire , what is its nature , or from what cause it is produced .
In truth it lay long neglected amongst the other gross discharges of the sea ; till from our luxury , it gained a name and value .
To themselves it is of no use : they gather it rough , they expose it in pieces coarse and unpolished , and for it receive a price with wonder .
You would however conceive it to be a liquor issuing from trees , for that in the transparent substance are often seen birds and other animals , such as at first stuck in the soft gum , and by it , as it hardened , became quite enclosed .
I am apt to believe that , as in the recesses of the East are found woods and groves dropping frankincense and balms , so in the isles and continent of the West such gums are extracted by the force and proximity of the sun ; at first liquid and flowing into the next sea , then thrown by winds and waves upon the opposite shore .
If you try the nature of amber by the application of fire , it kindles like a torch ; and feeds a thick and unctuous flame very high scented , and presently becomes glutinous like pitch or rosin .
Upon the Suiones , border the people Sitones ; and , agreeing with them in all other things , differ from them in one , that here the sovereignty is exercised by a woman .
So notoriously do they degenerate not only from a state of liberty , but even below a state of bondage .
Here end the territories of the Suevians .
Whether amongst the Sarmatians or the Germans I ought to account the Peucinians , the Venedians , and the Fennians , is what I cannot determine ; though the Peucinians , whom some call Basstarnians , speak the same language with the Germans , use the same attire , build like them , and live like them , in that dirtiness and sloth so common to all .
Somewhat they are corrupted into the fashion of the Sarmatians by the inter-marriages of the principal sort with that nation : from whence the Venedians have derived very many of their customs and a great resemblance .
For they are continually traversing and infesting with robberies all the forests and mountains lying between the Peucinians and Fennians .
Yet they are rather reckoned amongst the Germans , for that they have fixed houses , and carry shields , and prefer travelling on foot , and excel in swiftness .
Usages these , all widely differing from those of the Sarmatians , who live on horseback and dwell in waggons .
In wonderful savageness live the nation of the Fennians , and in beastly poverty , destitute of arms , of horses , and of homes ; their food , the common herbs ; their apparel , skins ; their bed , the earth ; their only hope in their arrows , which for want of iron they point with bones .
Their common support they have from the chase , women as well as men ; for with these the former wander up and down , and crave a portion of the prey .
Nor other shelter have they even for their babes , against the violence of tempests and ravening beasts , than to cover them with the branches of trees twisted together ; this a reception for the old men , and hither resort the young .
Such a condition they judge more happy than the painful occupation of cultivating the ground , than the labour of rearing houses , than the agitations of hope and fear attending the defence of their own property or the seizing that of others .
Secure against the designs of men , secure against the malignity of the Gods , they have accomplished a thing of infinite difficulty ; that to them nothing remains even to be wished .
What further accounts we have are fabulous : as that the Hellusians and Oxiones have the countenances and aspect of men , with the bodies and limbs of savage beasts .
This , as a thing about which I have no certain information , I shall leave untouched .
Source
The first half of this etext from Tacitus , The Agricola and Germania , A. J. Church and W. J. Brodribb , trans . , ( London : Macmillan , 1877 ) , pp. 87ff
The second part , in which Tacitus gives a geographical account of the locations of the main German tribes is from the 18th - century translation by Thomas Gordon .
[ The full text of this is available at Bibliobytes . ]
This text is part of the Internet Medieval Source Book .
The Sourcebook is a collection of public domain and copy - permitted texts related to medieval and Byzantine history .
Unless otherwise indicated the specific electronic form of the document is copyright .
Permission is granted for electronic copying , distribution in print form for educational purposes and personal use .
If you do reduplicate the document , indicate the source .
No permission is granted for commercial use .
© Paul Halsall Jan 1996
halsall@murray.fordham.edu
The Internet History Sourcebooks Project is located at the History Department of Fordham University , New York .
The Internet Medieval Sourcebook , and other medieval components of the project , are located at the Fordham University Center for Medieval Studies .
The IHSP recognizes the contribution of Fordham University , the Fordham University History Department , and the Fordham Center for Medieval Studies in providing web space and server support for the project .
The IHSP is a project independent of Fordham University .
Although the IHSP seeks to follow all applicable copyright law , Fordham University is not the institutional owner , and is not liable as the result of any legal action .
© Site Concept and Design : Paul Halsall created 26 Jan 1996 : latest revision 2 January 2020 [ CV ]
NY federal appeals court finds FCC ’s fleeting expletive policy unconstitutionally vague
A US appeals court Tuesday struck down a policy aimed at preventing “ indecency ” in US broadcasting as a violation of free speech protections , slamming the regulations for their “ chilling effect . ”
The court said the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) policy was an “ unconstitutionally vague ” guide that violated the First Amendment of the US Constitution .
ADVERTISEMENT
In upholding a joint 2006 complaint by broadcast TV networks , New York ’s Second Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the policy creates a “ chilling effect that goes far beyond the fleeting expletives at issue . ”
The commission ’s indecency regulations , developed partly in response to the famous “ Seven Words You can Never Say on Television ” routine performed by late comedian George Carlin , was upheld by the US Supreme Court in the 1970s .
The ruling Tuesday , however , overturned the enforcement — and threat of enforcement — of massive fines for the “ single , non-literal use of an expletive ” found in a 2004 decision under the administration of former president George W. Bush .
The second circuit ’s three - judge panel granted a review of the policy after agreeing with broadcasters that it was too “ vague ” and lacked clear guidelines .
That vagueness , the court said , forced broadcasters to “ steer far wider of the unlawful zone ” for fear of being fined , with some expletives allowed in a specific context but not others .
ADVERTISEMENT
For example , while multiple swear words in a war movie were not considered profane or indecent , the court disagreed how the FCC still deemed “ a single occurrence of ‘ f ( expletive ) ' ” at an awards show “ shocking and gratuitous . ”
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski , in a statement issued after the court ’s decision , said the commission was reviewing the ruling “ in light of our commitment to protect children , empower parents , and uphold the First Amendment . ”
The Parents Television Channel ( PTC ) , a vocal FCC supporter , meanwhile slammed the court ’s ruling , which it said greenlit the airing of “ unedited profanity at any time of day on broadcast television . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
PTC president Tim Winter called on Genachowski and the White House to immediately appeal the decision .
“ Let ’s be clear about what has happened here today : A three - judge panel in New York once again has authorized the broadcast networks unbridled use of the ‘ f - word ’ at any time of the day , even in front of children , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ For parents and families around the country , this ruling is nothing less than a slap in their face , ” Winter added , saying the court ’s rationale was “ devoid of reality ” as its decision against the FCC policy ’s vagueness would see practically all US laws overturned due to a lack of clarity .
The Media Access Project , a group defending free speech in US media , however hailed the move , saying the “ score for today ’s game is First Amendment one , censorship zero . ”
The FCC ’s indecency rules , said MAP ’s vice president Andrew Schwartzman following the decision , “ are irredeemably vague and interfere with the creative process .
Today ’s decision vindicates that argument . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The next stop , said Schwartzman , is the Supreme Court , adding : “ We ’re confident that the Justices will affirm this decision . ”
The FCC ’s policy grew out of Carlin ’s landmark “ Filthy Words ” routine , which triggered a lawsuit taken to the US Supreme Court , and the top court ’s ruling eventually came to shape indecency rules for all US television and radio .
The appeals court Tuesday also cautioned that any attempt to strictly regulate offensive language would likely fall short .
“ The English language is rife with creative ways of depicting sexual or excretory organs or activities , ” the court said Tuesday , adding that even if the FCC was able to provide a complete list of such expressions , “ new offensive and indecent words are invented every day . ”
Kinetic energy divided by required power is considered a residence time for the input energy in the utilized form .
This model may provide an intuitive understanding of energy use .
Residence time for anything in a container is the quantity residing divided by the flow rate .
This is as true for a vehicle containing kinetic energy as it is for a mountain lake holding melted glacier , or the CO2 present in our atmosphere .
This type of analysis is useful because it is easy to factor in conversion efficiencies and payload versus tare weight .
Rather than use motor output power , one can use the thermal power theoretically available in the flowing fuel .
EROI may be factored in , as well as GHG emissions .
Analysis may be completed at the level of individual trips , vehicles , or an entire system with resource extraction , infrastructure development , manufacturing and direct fuel use .
This post is based on an article published in 2008 in the peer - reviewed " Open Fuels and Energy Science Journal " as The Energetic Performance of Vehicles .
The article showed that the accepted vehicle performance metric known as the Gabrielli-von Karman Limit is the same as twice the maximum vehicle kinetic energy divided by maximum motor output power .
This result was not found in an extensive literature search .
This is a guest post by Jeff Radtke .
Jeff is an independent researcher holding BS degrees in Nuclear Engineering and Physics , and an MS in Nuclear Engineering and Engineering Physics .
He is a member of the American Physical Society and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers .
In addition to recent work with electric bicycles , for the past 27 years he has been designing and building nuclear instruments for materials studies , medical , physics and educational applications .
He is a longtime lurker , and recent poster on TOD as CyclemotorEngineer .
Common Vehicle Performance Criteria
Payload Mass .
In the US , the automobile is most commonly used to carry one person , even though it is capable of far greater payloads .
In this analysis , automobiles are considered personal vehicles hauling a 70 kilogram payload mass .
By including payload mass in a performance metric , it is possible to obtain an economically relevant comparison means .
In this article , M p denotes payload mass .
Speed .
Vehicle speed may be the most obvious performance metric .
The most fuel conservative choice may not be the best , since time is also a finite resource .
For most automobile trips , speed is governed by safety considerations , especially in the presence of other vehicles .
Congested urban roadways result in an average speed in US cities of only about 20 miles per hour [ 8.9 meters per second ] .
In this article , < v > denotes average speed .
Fuel Economy .
Fuel economy is a complex performance metric .
It depends on payload mass , speed , and host of vehicle characteristics .
Payload density can effect fuel economy indirectly by changing vehicle displacement requirements , as reflected in shipping carrier dimensional weight charges .
Variations in speed will decrease fuel economy , but the utility is dependent on average speed .
For example , a trip via expressway is no more or less useful than a trip at same average speed through a series of stoplights .
The most familiar unit used to express fuel economy is miles per gallon of gasoline .
Since a gallon of gasoline typically contains 133 million Joules of thermal energy , fuel economy may be expressed in meters per Joule .
Fuel economy is length traveled divided by thermal energy used , and is denoted below as l / E th .
Vehicle Energetic Performance
Definition .
The above performance criteria are combined via multiplication .
The result is a ratio of the benefits of vehicle use ( payload mass , average speed and distance moved ) to the cost , expressed in universal currency as thermal energy .
Vehicle energetic performance ( Q ) is :
(1) Q = M p < v > l /E th
G-K Limit .
Q is an economically meaningful refinement of a vehicle performance “ limit ” known as the G -K limit .
1
This limit was first described in 1950 by the former president of Fiat Motors , Guiseppi Gabrielli and the great aerodynamicist Theodore von Karman .
2
Table 1 . Table 1 lists the energetic performance of various vehicles .
Some vehicles are listed more than once to indicate different speed or payload .
Since greenhouse gas emissions are tied to thermal energy use and fuel choice , it is possible to compare emissions for various transport means provided that primary fuel choice is known .
Electric vehicles are thus compared by estimating thermal energy utilized in a matrix of powerplants fueled by various means to produce the electricity that charges vehicle batteries .
Click for larger image
Figure 1 . Figure 1 graphically compares these vehicles .
Logarithmic scales were chosen for both axes not to distort , but to fit the vastly differing numbers on a single screen .
A factor of ten , for example , is the same length everywhere on this graph .
Diagonal lines on this logarithmic graph represent the product of values from each axis , which is Q. Payload mass is indicated by another logarithmic scale using color .
Notice that supertankers , bicycles and urban automobiles all travel at about 20 miles per hour , but fuel economy differs by a factor of 3000 .
Energy Primer
Energy Forms .
Energy may take many forms , but the most familiar are thermal and mechanical .
Energy can be released in thermal form by burning a fuel to raise the temperature of something .
An increase in temperature is another way of saying that the average speed of atoms increase in a random fashion .
This thermal energy can be converted to mechanical or kinetic form , moving all of the atoms comprising something in a uniform manner by , for example , spinning it or sending it down a road .
Thermal energy is less organized than mechanical energy , and is said to have a lower quality .
Conversion of thermal energy to mechanical energy in modern large - scale powerplants is typically 30 - 40 % efficient .
Automobile engines exhibit considerably less efficiency .
Mechanical energy can be converted to electrical energy very efficiency , often about 90 % , since these two forms are both highly organized .
Rejection .
When discussing energy use , it is important to be clear about which form of energy is being described .
Powerplant engineers typically do this by adding a subscript or parenthetic ( th ) , ( m ) , or ( e ) to powerplant specifications .
For example , a 1000 Megawatt ( e ) powerplant may also be described as a 3000 Megawatt ( th ) powerplant .
The apparently lost 2000 Megawatts is said to be “ rejected ” power .
Waste .
It is a theoretical impossibility to convert thermal energy to mechanical form without rejection loss , which increases as the temperature of a thermal energy source decreases .
Energy rejected in conversion between forms is very different from energy wasted because of forgetfulness or oversight .
Energy is rejected at the powerplant because of natural laws , but energy may be wasted at the point of use because a light is left on when nobody is there to see by it .
Similar end - use waste occurs in driving a two ton car when a 60 pound electric bicycle would do the same job faster , and with much less energy .
Energy Measurement .
Just as distance can be measured with various units , such as centimeters , feet or fathoms , energy may be measured in a number of ways .
If a thing is heated or moved , a transfer of energy is involved .
This energy may be inferred from measurements of the things mass and temperature or distance moved over a period of time time using instruments calibrated in whatever measurement system is convenient .
Various academic disciplines or trades are accustomed to seeing energy measured in different units , resulting in some confusion .
A physicist might use the Joule , or the electron - volt .
A chemist may use the calorie .
A nutritionist may use the Calorie , which is the same as 1000 chemist - style calories , or one kcal .
A heating contractor may use the BTU .
An electric utility may use the kiloWatt - hour .
A motor manufacturer might use the horsepower - hour .
A mechanical engineer might use the foot - pound .
A nuclear engineer might use atomic mass units .
An electrical engineer might use watt - seconds .
An energy macro-economist might use the Quad , shorthand for a Quadrillion BTU .
All of these units describe the same physical parameter , energy .
The most standard international unit of energy is the Joule , which is the energy transferred when a single kilogram mass is dropped one 102 centimeters to the earth ’s surface .
Power .
Another source of confusion results from the terms power and energy .
Power is the rate of energy use , or energy flow rate , in a system .
Given the preceding plethora of energy units , and the variety of ways time is described , power units may appear confusing indeed .
The most standard international unit of power is the Watt , which is one Joule flowing per second .
Power Measurement .
Power may be measured over a long period of time , such as a year , in which case it is an average .
Peak or instantaneous power is measured over a period which is comparable to the response time of the energy system .
Peak power is often much higher than average power .
A healthy adult , for example , is capable of producing 800 Watts of mechanical power for ten seconds , but a yearly average power of only about 33 Watts .
Physical Meaning of Energetic Performance
Kinetic Energy .
The energetic performance , Q , may be calculated for steady state ( cruising ) conditions by multiplying numerator and denominator in equation 1 by the elapsed time .
Since distance covered divided by elapsed time is speed , and energy transferred divided by elapsed time is power P th , equation 1 becomes :
(2) Q = M p v2 / P th
Because conditions are steady state , the use of average values is redundant .
The numerator may be recognized by any student of general physics as twice the kinetic energy of the payload .
Why Seconds ?
Q is expressed in seconds , and it is natural to ask what this might mean .
It turns out that the average residence time of a physical substance flowing into a full container is routinely calculated as the container size divided by the flow rate .
This concept of residence time can also be applied to the abstraction we call energy , since a moving mass is a container of energy .
Steady - state Q is twice the time during which fuel thermal energy resides as payload kinetic energy .
Figure 2 .
The complex flow of energy in an automobile traveling at highway speed is represented in figure 2 .
The kinetic energy of a vehicle and its payload is converted back to thermal energy through friction , either with the surrounding environment or between moving parts on the vehicle .
As a passenger in a conventional automobile , your body contains kinetic energy that was derived from burning gasoline .
The length of time this energy stays in your body decreases if you choose to upgrade to a sporty model , which requires a higher fuel flow to maintain a given speed .
Click for larger image .
Image available with better resolution in this link .
Figure 3 . Equation 2 suggests another way to depict data presented in table 1 , organizing according to vehicle power and payload kinetic energy .
Effective values for the residence time of energy were calculated from average speeds and plotted in figure 3 .
In this log - log plot , diagonals are drawn to represent the ratio of kinetic energy to thermal power .
Economies of scale are evident as the high power and energy vehicles which lie in the upper right corner tend to have significantly longer residence times than the much smaller personal vehicles in the lower left .
Reversibility .
The Voyager 1 spacecraft has been traveling in the essentially frictionless environment of deep space for decades .
The average power used to move to its present distance from earth is the booster fuel energy content divided by this elapsed time .
Residence time for this energy in this vehicle will only increase with time as the vehicle is in a state of perpetual motion .
All of the other vehicles described lose their kinetic energy through friction with the surrounding environment .
Kinetic energy returns to thermal form in these utilization processes , as quantified by the residence time .
The most reversible processes change their state with the least transfer of energy , and energetic residence time is a measure of this reversibility .
Conclusions
Performance Incorporates Efficiency and More .
Performance describes the utilization of energy , and efficiency describes the conversion of energy .
Whether directly or indirectly , performance measurement includes efficiency measurements , but efficiency measurements do not include performance .
Voyager 1 demonstrates that there is no limit to energetic performance .
While efficiency is often used colloquially to describe performance , any true efficiency metric must lie between zero and one .
Figure 4 . Energetic residence time measures the utilization effectiveness of an energy resource , and is the ratio of a sustained energy benefit to the corresponding rate of resource consumption .
Analysis bounds may be defined along various time scales , and with respect to many levels of resource use , so as include EROI , emissions , or other external cost considerations .
Average values can be calculated for a vehicle , single trip , or an entire transportation system .
Comprehensively applied , it would be useful in a long - term comparison of our existing transportation paradigm to a hypothetical , dominated by ultra - light personal vehicles and robotic couriers .
In the most optimistic scenario , energetic performance may measure of how much more is accomplished with how much less .
Vehicle Characteristics .
This analysis shows that light personal vehicles perform far better than heavy ones .
Vehicle and infrastructure embodied energy were not considered , and such an inclusion would make light vehicles appear even more attractive .
Since people tend to travel individually when possible , and energy resources are becoming increasingly scarce with respect to demand , it would appear that personal vehicles of the future will be very light by today ’s standards .
High performance vehicles also tend to be compact and streamlined .
Commercial airliners perform well because people are willing to crowd themselves in an aerodynamically optimized fuselage for fast , long distance travel .
The greatest gains in performance may be obtained by redefining vehicle use mode , tare weight , shape and dimensions , rather than changes to vehicle motor or fuel system .
[ 1 ] Radtke , J.L. The Energetic Performance of Vehicles .
Open Fuels and Energy Science Journal 1 , 11 -18 ( 2008 ) .
[ 2 ] Gabrielli , G. , von Karman , T. What Price Speed ?
Mechanical Engineering 72 , 775-781 ( 1950 ) .
Today is the first day of July and with it we get a brand new month for movies .
There are a lot of big releases coming out this month and we ’re going to give you a list of the top five and why you should see them .
Here it is , the five must see films for July .
# 1. Inception – July 16th – Starring Leonardo DiCaprio , Cillian Murphy , Ken Watanabe and Joseph Gordon - Levitt – Check out our review here
If the name Christopher Nolan is n’t enough to get you out of the house and into the theatre to see Inception , well I do n’t know what is .
Nolan is directing the film and with a filmography that boasts films like The Dark Knight , The Prestige and Memento , Nolan is truly a director who can do no wrong .
Not only is Nolan behind the camera , but in front of the camera he ’s put together an all star cast that is one of the best ensembles in recent memory .
Leading the cast is DiCaprio ( The Departed , Gangs of New York , Titanic ) and like Nolan , DiCaprio is someone who does n’t really make bad films .
Throw in a mind bending premise and an ending that is sure to leave you with your jaw open , Inception is one movie you have to see this month .
2. Dinner For Schmucks – July 30th – Starring Steve Carell and Paul Rudd
Sneaking in at the end of the month is Dinner For Schmucks .
Being helmed by Jay Roach , the man who brought us Meet the Parents and Austin Powers , Schmucks will easily be the funniest film of the month .
Carell , best known for his role in The Office and Rudd most well known for I Love You Man are two of the funniest people in Hollywood and the chemistry between them should provide more than enough laughs .
Throw in Zach Galifianakis , who was the funniest part of The Hangover and you got the recipe for a very funny film .
3. Predators – July 9 – Starring Adrien Brody , Topher Grace , Danny Trejo and Laurence Fishburne
Based on the classic 1980 ’s film Predator , the new version will take place 13 years after the last Predator film .
It will focus on a group of warriors who encounter alien creatures known as Predators .
Brody was last seen scaring audiences in the June film , Splice and you can be assured that Predators will be equally as creepy .
The trailers that have been released all look pretty scary and anyone who was a fan of the original Predator films should definitely check this one out .
Brody leads a solid supporting cast that includes Topher Grace ( Spiderman 3 ) , Danny Trejo ( who you can catch in the upcoming and highly anticipated Machete ) , and Laurence Fishburne ( The Matrix ) .
Also popping up in the cast is Walton Goggins , who is most well known for his role as Shane on the TV show The Shield ( which is a phenomenal show by the way ) .
Expect Predators to be a great popcorn flick , offering scares and thrills along with big and loud action .
In other words , you ’ll have a good time watching this one .
4. Salt – July 23 – Starring Angelina Jolie and Liev Schreiber – Check out our review here .
Salt looks like it will be the “ Bourne ” movie for the summer of 2010 .
The film tells the story of Evelyn Salt , a CIA officer who goes on the run after being accused of being a spy .
Jolie takes on the lead role in this film as she portrays Salt .
From the looks of it , the film will offer some great action and thrills and will turn out to be a great popcorn flick .
From what I ’ve seen in the trailers the film does look promising .
I ’m expecting it to be more heavy on the action side than on the plot , which is fine .
Either way , if you ’re looking for some thrills and fast paced action , Salt may be the movie for you .
5 . The Kids Are All Right – July 9 – Mark Ruffalo , Julianne Moore , Annette Bening and Josh Hutcherson
A film that ’s probably not on many people ’s radars is The Kids Are All Right .
It ’s a smaller film but one worth seeing nonetheless .
For one , it stars the future Spiderman , Josh Hutcherson .
Most people probably have n’t seen anything Hutcherson has been in so this may be a good chance to see him on the big screen .
The film also looks pretty funny judging by the previews .
It revolves around two children , who were born through artificial insemination .
The children seek out their birth father and bring him into their life .
All the early reviews have been fairly positive and the cast is very solid .
It looks like the film may strike more of a chord with critics rather than commercially but I ’d still recommend checking it out .
What films will you be seeing in July ?
Amazon Kindle Sold Out : No Estimated Date of Availability
To our recollection , this actually has n’t happened in quite some time .
To be exact , in 2008 , when it was the original Kindle .
And , even then , Amazon managed to make sure they told customers when the Kindle would be coming back around , or shipping to their doorsteps .
Not this time .
All Amazon says right now is that the Kindle is temporarily out of stock , and that purchasers will get an email when the eReader gets an estimated delivery date .
So , what does all this mean ?
Well , in the short - term ( which is probably the only real situation , mind you ) , it means that the Kindle is sold out .
There must ’ve been some crazy high demand for a mid-Summer shopping spree or something , and Amazon was n’t able to keep up with production .
With that in mind , it probably wo n’t be long at all before it gets back onto the digital shelves , and everything is right with the world .
Or …
It means that there ’s a new Kindle coming .
If you ’ll recall , a Bloomberg report suggested that “ people in the know ” were saying a new , thinner , sharper displayed Kindle 3 or Kindle “ Slim ” ( that ’s a new favorite word , is n’t it ? ) was coming some time in August .
Well , unless our calendars are wrong , August is just right around the corner .
Of course , unless it launches on August 1st , this may be too soon to pull the availability of their famous eReader .
There ’s no telling which option is actually happening here , as Amazon is n’t coming out and saying anything quite yet .
But , if a new Kindle is incoming some time in August , then any day now we should expect some kind of press release .
We wo n’t hold our breath , though .
Anyone out there interested in seeing a new Kindle ?
[ via Amazon ; thanks Johannes ! ]
• Outgoing chief executive has £ 1 m payoff and £ 10 m pension pot • BP plunges into red after setting aside £ 20 bn to meet costs of Gulf oil spill • Greenpeace protesters close 50 BP garages in London
BP today reported one of the largest losses in British corporate history because of the cost of the catastrophic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
In its second - quarter results the company set aside $ 32.2 bn ( £ 20.7 bn ) to meet the cost of the clean - up , far higher than the City had expected and plunging the company into a $ 17bn loss .
It made a profit of $ 3.1 bn in the same quarter last year .
The dramatic loss means that BP will be able to slash its tax bill by about $ 10bn , although most of the pain will be felt by the US treasury .
To pay for the mounting costs of the spill created by the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig on 20 April , BP plans to sell $ 30 bn worth of assets – predominantly oil and gas fields – over the next 18 months .
The company also confirmed well - trailed reports that Hayward will receive a £ 1 m payoff and a pension expected to be worth about half a million pounds a year .
As expected he will be replaced by an American , Bob Dudley , a BP veteran who is currently overseeing the clean - up of the oil spill .
Hayward will become a non-executive director of the firm 's Russian joint venture TNK - BP .
In London , Greenpeace protesters closed almost 50 BP service stations .
The environmental action group is calling on Hayward 's successor to throw the weight of the company behind a push to create green and renewable sources of energy .
The company 's second - quarter results showed the full scale of the clean - up effort in the Gulf .
Since oil first reached the shore , a total of 836 miles of Gulf coast in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida have been affected .
There have been more than 6,390 vessels ( including skimmers , tugs , barges and recovery ships ) and over 11 m feet of boom deployed offshore to reduce the amount of oil reaching the shoreline .
The operations have recovered approximately 825,000 barrels of oily liquid .
In addition , a 409 controlled burns have been carried out , removing an estimated 261,400 barrels of oil from the surface of the sea .
In total , more than 40,000 people are involved across five states of the US .
The results also set out the flurry of legal proceedings that the spill has created .
BP is the subject of a US department of justice investigation to determine whether US civil or criminal laws have been violated ; a US presidential commission to examine the causes of the incident ; a joint investigation by the US coastguard and the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement ( which until June 2010 was named the Minerals Management Service ) ; an inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission and other investigations by US state and federal agencies including the US Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board as well as the US Congress .
In addition , BP group companies are among those named as defendants in more than 300 private civil lawsuits .
da Il Fatto Quotidiano , 8 maggio 2010
( Striscia di
Fifo
Watergate casereccio -
Le poesie di Carlo Cornaglia
Ad Arcore , vigilia di Natale ,
anno duemilacinque per la storia ,
Silvio riceve un dono eccezionale :
un ’intercettazione accusatoria
nei confronti del misero Fassino :
“ Consorte , siam padroni di una banca ! ”
Sprofondato in poltrona l’omarino
per la grande emozione quasi sbianca
( leggi tutto )
Segnalazioni
Video -
Il movimento 5 stelle presenta il ricorso contro il terzo mandato di Vasco Errani come presidente della regione Emilia romagna : l'intervento di Marco Travaglio a Bologna
Il movimento 5 stelle presenta il ricorso contro il terzo mandato di Vasco Errani come presidente della regione Emilia romagna
Mercoled ì 9 giugno , Monterubbiano ( Fm ) , ore 21 - Nicola Biondo presenta il libro- inchiesta scritto con Sigfrido Ranucci , prefazione di Marco Travaglio , "
Il Patto
" ( edizioni Chiarelettere ) .
Intervengono : Anna Petrozzi e Andrea Braconi .
C/o auditorium San Francesco ( da
)
Ci vuole tanta pazienza , col Pompiere della Sera .
Domenica auspicavamo che l’improvvisa aggressività usata contro Di Pietro dal quotidianod ’Italia segnasse una svolta e l’articolo “ Ambiguità e silenzi di Di Pietro ” inaugurasse una saga a puntate ( “ Ambiguità e silenzi di Berlusconi ” , “ di Casini ” , “ di Bossi ” , “ di Bersani ” , “ di D’Alema ” e , perché no , “ di Schifani ” ) .
Invece no : siamo fermi alla prima puntata .
Almeno per i politici .
Perché , sommerso dalle repliche e dalle carte di Di Pietro , il Pompiere incendiario ha deciso di aprire un altro fronte , appiccando il fuoco all ’opera di un intellettuale che ha il brutto vizio di opporsi al regime berlusconiano :
Si cura di lui e del suo commissario Montalbano , anch ’egli inguaribilmente antiberlusconiano , il professor .
Due settimane fa , nel supplemento Sette , il noto intellettuale bolognese scriveva : “ Vuoi vedere che Montalbano è un ‘ colluso ’ ? ” .
Colluso con la mafia , s’intende , perché in una puntata della serie tv “ intrattiene rapporti telefonici con un vecchio capomafia … e , addirittura , ferma una guerra di mafia convocando i capi cosca in una località segreta e obbligandoli a stipulare un accordo .
Non ce n’è abbastanza per attirarsi addosso un ‘ , quel famoso reato che non esiste in nessun codice … e che è stato tuttavia alla base di tutti i processi per mafia a personaggi eccellenti ( Andreotti , Contrada , Dell ’ Utri e altri ) ?… ( o Contrada ? ) , quando si muove nelle questioni di mafia , opera anche lui , inevitabilmente , in una zona grigia dove il confine fra legalità e illegalità è sempre incerto ” , ma ciò che conta sono “ le intenzioni onestissime ” .
Dieci righe , un ’infinità di vaccate .non fu imputato di concorso esterno , ma dia Cosa Nostra .
Il concorso esterno esiste eccome , nel Codice : come il concorso in omicidio , in rapina , in occultamento di cadavere e così via .
L’applicazione del reato concorsuale risale addirittura a metà Ottocento per il concorso esterno in brigantaggio da parte dei non briganti che si mettevano al servizio dei briganti .
A definirla per la mafia provvideronella celebre ordinanza - sentenza del processo maxi- ter e la confermarono numerose sentenze della Cassazione a sezioni unite .
Montalbano che incontra un vecchio boss e lo induce a fermare una guerra di mafia è roba da concorso esterno ?
Assolutamente no .
Non basta incontrare mafiosi per essere incriminati per quel reato ( altrimenti il Parlamento e il governo sarebbero semideserti ) .
Intanto il vecchio boss era a casa sua e non doveva scontare nessuna pena .
E poi il concorso esterno scatta quando un esterno alla mafia si mette permanentementedella mafia , favorendola e venendone favorito.è accusato di aver messo prima il Berlusconi imprenditore e poi finanziere nelle mani di Cosa Nostra , ricevendo in cambio favori e potere.è stato condannato perché avvertiva i mafiosi latitanti dei blitz della polizia ( di cui lui stesso faceva parte ) e li faceva fuggire , assicurando loro l’impunità in cambio di favori e potere .
Altro che Queste cose Panebianco , poco esperto in diritto penale ( come in tutto il resto dello scibile umano ) , non le sa .
E si adonta perché Camilleri gli risponde per le rime sull ’ Unità intervistato da Saverio Lodato ( che Panebianco chiama “ un tal Lodato ” , non sapendo ovviamente che Lodato ha scritto per Rizzoli la più completa storia della mafia ) : Camilleri è un “ ” e quindi “ insulta ” , “ non è un vero signore ” , anzi è “ cupo , arrogante ” , “ troppo preso da sé per entrare in sintonia con gli altri ” ( non lo sfiora l ’idea che uno non voglia entrare in sintonia con un tal Panebianco ) .
Tante parole inutili per nascondere che , a Camilleri e Montalbano , è partita la campagna per riabilitare Contrada e far assolvere Dell ’ Utri .
Poveretto , come s’offre .
Rumbles without sound
Auroras rain down
Magnetic fields shake
Beware the spacequake
July 27 , 2010 : Researchers using NASA 's fleet of five THEMIS spacecraft have discovered a form of space weather that packs the punch of an earthquake and plays a key role in sparking bright Northern Lights .
They call it " the spacequake . "
A spacequake in action .
Click to launch a computer - simulated movie created by Walt Feimer of Goddard 's Scientific Visualization Lab .
A spacequake is a temblor in Earth 's magnetic field .
It is felt most strongly in Earth orbit , but is not exclusive to space .
The effects can reach all the way down to the surface of Earth itself .
" Magnetic reverberations have been detected at ground stations all around the globe , much like seismic detectors measure a large earthquake , " says THEMIS principal investigator Vassilis Angelopoulos of UCLA .
It 's an apt analogy because " the total energy in a spacequake can rival that of a magnitude 5 or 6 earthquake , " according to Evgeny Panov of the Space Research Institute in Austria .
Panov is first author of a paper reporting the results in the April 2010 issue of Geophysical Research Letters ( GRL ) .
In 2007 , THEMIS discovered the precursors of spacequakes .
The action begins in Earth 's magnetic tail , which is stretched out like a windsock by the million mph solar wind .
Sometimes the tail can become so stretched and tension - filled , it snaps back like an over - torqued rubber band .
Solar wind plasma trapped in the tail hurtles toward Earth .
On more than one occasion , the five THEMIS spacecraft were in the line of fire when these " plasma jets " swept by .
Clearly , the jets were going to hit Earth .
But what would happen then ?
The fleet moved closer to the planet to find out .
" Now we know , " says THEMIS project scientist David Sibeck of the Goddard Space Flight Center .
" Plasma jets trigger spacequakes . "
During a spacequake , Earth 's magnetic field shakes in a way that is analogous to the shaking of the ground during an earthquake .
Image credit : Evgeny Panov , Space Research Institute of Austria .
According to THEMIS , the jets crash into the geomagnetic field some 30,000 km above Earth 's equator .
The impact sets off a rebounding process , in which the incoming plasma actually bounces up and down on the reverberating magnetic field .
Researchers call it " repetitive flow rebuffing . "
It 's akin to a tennis ball bouncing up and down on a carpeted floor .
The first bounce is a big one , followed by bounces of decreasing amplitude as energy is dissipated in the carpet .
" We 've long suspected that something like this was happening , " says Sibeck .
" By observing the process in situ , however , THEMIS has discovered something new and surprising . "
The surprise is plasma vortices , huge whirls of magnetized gas as wide as Earth itself , spinning on the verge of the quaking magnetic field .
A THEMIS map of plasma flows during a spacequake .
The axes are labeled in Earth radii , so each swirl is about the size of Earth .
" When plasma jets hit the inner magnetosphere , vortices with opposite sense of rotation appear and reappear on either side of the plasma jet , " explains Rumi Nakamura of the Space Research Institute in Austria , a co-author of the study .
" We believe the vortices can generate substantial electrical currents in the near - Earth environment . "
Acting together , vortices and spacequakes could have a noticeable effect on Earth .
The tails of vortices may funnel particles into Earth 's atmosphere , sparking auroras and making waves of ionization that disturb radio communications and GPS .
By tugging on surface magnetic fields , spacequakes generate currents in the very ground we walk on .
Ground current surges can have profound consequences , in extreme cases bringing down power grids over a wide area .
After THEMIS discovered the jets and quakes , Joachim Birn of the Los Alamos National Lab in New Mexico conducted a computer simulation of the rebounding process .
Lo and behold , vortices appeared in good accord with THEMIS measurements .
Moreover , the simulations suggest that the rebounding process can be seen from Earth 's surface in the form of ripples and whirls in auroral displays .
Ground stations report just such a phenomenon .
" It 's a complicated process , but it all fits together , " says Sibeck .
The work is n't finished .
" We still have a lot to learn , " he adds .
" How big can spacequakes become ?
How many vortices can swirl around Earth at once -- and how do they interact with one another ? "
Stay tuned for answers from THEMIS .
Vortices swirl
plasma a'twirl
Richter predicts
a magnitude six
Author : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
Bill Clinton More Popular Than George W. Bush
Doug Mataconis · · 12 comments
A new Rasmussen poll of the public ’s attitude toward President Obama ’s two most immediate successors shows much more fondness for the Clinton era than the Bush years :
Democrats see Bill Clinton as a key factor in embattled Senator Blanche Lincoln ’s Arkansas primary win last week and a new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey shows that 51 % of voters have a favorable opinion of the former president .
Forty - six percent ( 46 % ) regard him unfavorably .
Those numbers are a bit better than the comparable ratings for George W. Bush .
Forty - five percent ( 45 % ) offer a favorable opinion of him while 53 % say the opposite .
Twenty - two percent ( 22 % ) now say Clinton was one of America ’s best presidents ever , while 15 % now say he was one of the worst .
Sixty - two percent ( 62 % ) put him somewhere in between the two .
This is n’t really all that surprising .
After all , President Clinton ’s time in office was one of relatively strong economic growth and Clinton himself left office with an approval rating above 60 % .
Bush , on the other hand , presided over recessions at the beginning and end of his Presidency as well as two controversial wars so that , when he left office , he had a disapproval rating nearing 60 % .
To the extent that President , largely unfairly , get credit or blame for the economic climate they preside over , it ’s pretty easy to see why people would have a nostalgia for the 1990s rather than the 200s .
There is some good news for Bush , though :
The latest numbers , for Bush , bleak as they are , mark a turnaround of sorts for the former president .
Just before he left office in January 2009 , Bush was rated one of the five worst presidents in U.S. history by 57 % of Americans .
And at least he ’s managed to redeem himself a little in the eyes of the public , unlike his Vice - President :
President Obama ’s immediate predecessor in the White House is more popular than the man who served as his vice president for eight years .
Thirty - four percent ( 34 % ) have a favorable view of Cheney but 61 % view Cheney unfavorably .
That latter figure is up eight points from a year ago .
Perhaps that ’s because Bush has remained relatively quiet , while Cheney has chosen to take on an even more public role than he had when he was Vice - President .
Get the latest NUFC transfer and takeover news straight to your inbox for FREE by signing up to our newsletter Subscribe Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
FORMER
Toon star Nolberto Solano will face no further action over a rape allegation .
The 35 - year - old Peruvian was arrested by police in Newcastle in April following an allegation of rape by a 22 - year - old woman from the city .
In a statement through his solicitors , Solano , nicknamed “ Nobby ” by fans , said he was “ relieved ” but angry he had been the subject of a “ malicious and untrue accusation ” .
He said : “ Even though I knew I had done nothing wrong , the fear is that people may believe a false allegation .
“ Thankfully Northumbria Police carried out a thorough and full investigation .
“ I am grateful for their professionalism . ”
Officers attended Solano ’s Gosforth home at around 1 am on Monday , April 26 and arrested the player , after the allegations of the attack were made by the woman shortly after midnight .
It is believed he was taken to Pilgrim Street police station in Newcastle city centre where he spent almost 12 hours being questioned .
Lawyer Simon McKay , who acted for Solano , said : “ False allegations of sexual offences are damaging not just for the individual wrongly accused but also to genuine victims of rape and indecent assault who are left with the legacy such conduct leaves on the credibility of those really abused . ”
In 1998 , adopted Geordie Solano became the first Peruvian to play in the Premier League when he joined Newcastle United for £ 2.5 m from Argentinean side Boca Juniors .
He still lives in the city despite now playing for Leicester City , but has announced he plans to retire at the end of the season .
A popular figure in his native Peru , where he is seen as one of the most famous Peruvians , appearing on a postage stamp .
0
We currently have earmark data for fiscal years 2008 - 2010 .
By viewing earmark spending data in a variety of ways , you can learn details about the locations receiving funds for special projects and which legislators are securing those funds .
Our earmarks data comes from the Taxpayers for Common Sense .
Read more about earmarks .
Advanced Earmarks Search Sponsoring Member Member by State All Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas U.S. Virgin Islands Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Amount Above $ and Below $ Receiving Organization Receiving State All Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas U.S. Virgin Islands Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Receiving Location Earmark Description Year All ( 2008-2010 ) 2010 2009 2008
Information provided by Taxpayers for Common Sense
NEC Corporation announced today the development of a video content identification technology that detects illegal copies of video content uploaded to the Internet in a matter of seconds .
This technology generates a fingerprint ( video signature ) to identify video content then compares video signatures to the signatures of original content in order to detect copies or altered versions .
Therefore , altered video content , such as caption overlays , camera captured copies and analog copies , can be quickly and accurately detected .
This new technology enables content holders and service providers to automatically detect illegal copies and prevent illegal upload of video content on the Internet by registering original video content .
These developments are expected to significantly reduce the time and cost of manual content inspections as well as improve the scale and accuracy of content assessment .
This technology has been approved by the ISO / IEC JTC 1/SC 29 as the MPEG - 7 Video signature tool , international standard for video identification .
These video content identification technologies feature the following :
1. Accurate detection of copied or altered video content
Video signatures are extracted for each frame based on differences in the luminance between sets of sub-regions on a frame that are defined by a variety of locations , sizes , and shapes .
Video signatures represent a unique fingerprint that can be individually detected frame by frame .
This technology is capable of accurately detecting video content with that was created with such editing operations as analog capturing , re-encoding and caption overlay , which was conventionally very difficult to detect .
2 . A high detection rate and low false positive rate for all video contents
By estimating confidence of signatures generated from each frame and using the confidence for sequence identification , the technology achieves a high detection rate with a very low false positive rate .
These technologies achieved an average detection rate of 96 % at a very low false alarm rate of 5 ppm ( 5 in one million ) through tests conducted by the international standardization organization .
3. Detection of short video scenes
Due to the high identification capability of signatures , the technology is capable of accurately detecting video scenes as short as 2 seconds ( 60 frames ) , which was formerly impossible when using conventional methods .
4. Compatibility with home PCs
By designing a compact signature size of 76 bytes per frame , the storage memory required for the matching process is minimized .
As a result , a home - class PC can match approximately 1,000 hours of video in 1 second .
Due to the proliferation of video distribution services on the Internet , the detection and deletion of illegally distributed and copied video content ( copyright infringement ) has become a crucial issue for content holders and service providers .
This problem has conventionally been addressed by manual inspection which is incapable of accurately tracking the constantly growing volume of Internet content .
In order to solve this issue , various automatic detection tools have been proposed , such as digital watermarks where content is embedded with special code , and the use of image retrieval technology .
However , it was prohibitively difficult to accurately inspect large databases , short content or video produced through various editing operations .
These new technologies resolve each of the above issues .
Looking forward , NEC will further develop this technology in order to provide a variety of applications that establish a content distribution structure where all video rights are respected .
This technology was approved as the Final Draft of International Standard of ISO / IEC 15938-3/ Amd.4 at the 92nd ISO / IEC JTC 1/SC 29 WG11 ( MPEG ) meeting held in Dresden , Germany from April 19 to 23 , 2010 .
The standard is expected to be published in September 2010 , following approval from ITTF member countries .
This newly developed technology will be demonstrated at the 13th Embedded System Expo at Tokyo Bigsite between May 12 and 14 .
Provided by NEC
Which company has most web servers ?
We first examined the question in April 2009 , prompted by news that Rackspace now had 50,000 servers .
We went looking for other companies that publicly report their server counts , and put together a list of those whose numbers we know , along with a rundown of companies that have extensive Internet infrastructure but do n't disclose their server counts .
Here 's a look at our list of Who Has The Most Servers , gleaned from public reports and partial data from a recent Netcraft server count report .
Updated , in July 2013 to add new Microsoft count , Facebook 's estimate , eBay 's DSE number and reflect continuing growth at OVH , Akamai and Rackspace :
Of course , there are a number of providers who have at least 50,000 servers and do n't publish the information .
Who else is in the club ?
Here 's a list of companies we believe are running at least 50,000 servers :
Google :
The search giant 's server count has long been the focus of speculation .
The company does n't release numbers , but a recent report from energy expert Jonathan Koomey estimated that Google had 900,000 servers , based on an extrapolation from data Google provided on its total energy usage .
Google 's recently revealed container data center holds more than 45,000 servers , and that 's a single facility built in 2005 .
The search giant 's server count has long been the focus of speculation .
The company does n't release numbers , but a recent report from energy expert Jonathan Koomey estimated that Google had 900,000 servers , based on an extrapolation from data Google provided on its total energy usage .
Google 's recently revealed container data center holds more than 45,000 servers , and that 's a single facility built in 2005 .
Amazon :
It runs the world 's largest online store and one of the world 's largest cloud computing operations .
Amazon says very little about its data center operations , but we know that it bought $ 86 million in servers from Rackable in 2008 , and stores 40 billion objects in its S3 storage service .
A 2009 analysis by Randy Bias estimates that 40,000 servers are dedicated to running Amazon Web Services ' EC2 .
$ 86 million in servers 40 billion objects 40,000 servers Yahoo :
While its data center infrastructure is n't quite as enormous as those for Google and Microsoft , the third major search portal likely has more than 100,000 servers in operation to support its large free hosting operation as well as its paid hosting service and Yahoo Stores .
GoDaddy :
It 's the world 's largest domain registrar with more than 35 million domains under management , but effective cross-selling of its hosting plans has also made GoDaddy one of the largest shared hosting operations in the world .
It 's infrastructure is probably similar in scope to that of 1&1 Internet .
It 's the world 's largest domain registrar with more than 35 million domains under management , but effective cross-selling of its hosting plans has also made GoDaddy one of the largest shared hosting operations in the world .
It 's infrastructure is probably similar in scope to that of 1&1 Internet .
HP / EDS : While server " ownership " is less distinct with system integrators , EDS has an enormous data center operation .
Company documents ( PDF ) say EDS is managing 380,000 servers in 180 data centers .
( Thanks , Bruce for the link ) .
: While server " ownership " is less distinct with system integrators , EDS has an enormous data center operation .
( PDF ) say EDS is managing 380,000 servers in 180 data centers .
( Thanks , Bruce for the link ) .
IBM : With more than 8 million square feet of data center space , IBM also houses an enormous number of servers in its data centers , both for itself and its customers .
Have we missed anyone obvious ?
Let us know in the comments .
Per " partecipante " al concorso si intende la SINGOLA persona fisica .
E ' vietato iscriversi al concorso con diversi username per sperare di incrementare le proprie probabilità di vittoria : tempo perso , a causa della rilevazione tramite combinazioni IP / provenienza regionale nonché dell 'elevata soglia minima del numero di partecipanti per poter decretare i vincitori .
Tali comportamenti , appena individuati , verranno puniti con il ban dal concorso .
MODALITA ' DI PARTECIPAZIONE
Gli step sono pochi , facili e RIPORTATI NELL'IMMAGINE SOVRASTANTE ; posizionando il mouse su ogni riga rossa un link vi reindirizzerà alla pagina corretta .
Riassumendo : SE NON L'AVETE GIA ' FATTO in precedenza , è necessario iscriversi al sito , in modo da diventare a tutti gli effetti utenti di InformaticaEasy .
net ; Terminata la procedura guidata di iscrizione , con relativa conferma via mail , effettuate il login ; Inserire un commento sotto questo articolo ( sempre da loggato ) ; E ' certamente apprezzata , inoltre , un'attiva partecipazione sul forum nonché , in generale , in funzione della crescita del sito : ad esempio , iscrivetevi al gruppo ufficiale su Facebook o segnalate l'iniziativa ad un amico ! :)
TERMINI DEL CONCORSO
Il concorso ha durata di 1 mese , la scadenza non è prorogabile nè in generale modificabile salvo mie necessità ( es. gravosi impegni improvvisi che mi costringono a terminare prima la promozione ) .
Non saranno accettati partecipanti iscritti al sito al termine della scadenza del concorso , ma i medesimi saranno ovviamente sempre i benvenuti in qualità di nuovi utenti di InformaticaEasy.
net MODALITA ' DI ASSEGNAZIONE PREMI E CONDIZIONI Saranno decretati i vincitori del concorso soltanto se il numero effettivo dei partecipanti supererà la soglia delle 200 unità .
Tale dato è giustificato dal fatto che il numero di premi in palio è consistente e deve dunque trovare un riscontro proporzionale nel numero minimo di partecipanti .
I vincitori verranno decretati sulla base di un'estrazione totalmente RANDOM ( casuale ) sugli eventuali 200 ( o più ) partecipanti .
Stabiliti i vincitori , verrà dato il premio dal valore maggiore al vincitore che si sarà mostrato più " partecipativo " sul sito , secondo i criteri dapprima e di seguito specificati .
Al fondo dell ' articolo , sono riportati i premi proprio in ordine di " valore " ( a partire dal più pregiato ) .
Il numero di vincitori sarà pari a 10 nel caso venga raggiunto effettivamente il numero di partecipanti pari a 200 .
E ' mia discrezione decidere o meno se aumentare eventualmente il numero di premi a disposizione nel caso in cui il numero di partecipanti superi abbondantemente tale soglia minima .
COME DIVENTARE VINCITORE EFFETTIVO
Ogni vincitore estratto verrà realmente considerato tale se si dimostrerà attivamente partecipante alle attività del sito , commentando ad esempio gli articoli pubblicati , iscrivendosi anche alla newsletter , intervenendo attivamente sul forum .
Se due di questi tre elementi vengono a mancare , il vincitore non viene più considerato come tale ed il premio non attribuito .
E ' inoltre cosa gradita se il potenziale vincitore promuove il concorso invitando , durante la sua durata , amici .
COME COMPORTARSI IN CASO DI VINCITA
Nel caso di vincita effettiva , comunicherò tramite un aggiornamento di questo articolo l'elenco dei vincitori .
I vincitori medesimi del concorso hanno a disposizione 3 giorni di tempo per confermarmi , scrivendomi all ' indirizzo di posta elettronica tramite il modulo Contattami , la loro reale intenzione ad acquisire il premio .
Allo scadere del tempo limite per tale conferma , il premio non verrà loro assegnato .
I premi " persi " non verranno più riassegnati .
Nel caso di vincita di un prodotto hardware , il vincitore riceverà all ' indirizzo da egli specificato il prodotto aggiudicatosi , corrispondendomi la cifra di € 10 ( spese di spedizione + spese di imballaggio ) .
Per vincite software , invece , verrà inviato quanto vinto tramite indirizzo email .
PREMI MESSI IN PALIO : PROVENIENZA E INFORMAZIONI
I product key e in generale i software messi in palio si riferiscono a prodotti di mia proprietà ottenuti nella totale trasparenza e legalità , che regalerò ai vincitori .
Relativamente alla componentistica hardware , invece , si tratta di prodotti gentilmente offerti dalle Aziende partner di InformaticaEasy che credono in una reciproca collaborazione che si basa ( anche ) su accordi pubblicitari / banner / cessione prodotti .
Il tutto senza alcun scopo di lucro .
Clojure supports abstract structural binding , often called destructuring , in let binding lists , fn parameter lists , and any macro that expands into a let or fn . -- http://clojure.org/special_forms
user= > ( def point [ 5 7 ] )
# 'user / point
user= > ( let [ [ x y ] point ]
( println " x : " x " y : " y ) )
x : 5 y : 7
user= > ( def indexes [ 1 2 3 ] )
#'user / indexes
user= > ( let [ [ x & more ] indexes ]
( println " x : " x " more : " more ) )
x : 1 more : ( 2 3 )
:as
user= > ( def indexes [ 1 2 3 ] )
#'user / indexes
user= > ( let [ [ x & more : as full - list ] indexes ]
( println " x : " x " more : " more " full list : " full - list ) )
x : 1 more : ( 2 3 ) full list : [ 1 2 3 ]
user= > ( def point {:x 5 :y 7} )
# 'user / point
user= > ( let [ {the - x :x the -y : y} point ]
( println " x : " the -x " y : " the -y ) )
x : 5 y : 7
user= > ( def point {:x 5 :y 7} )
# 'user / point
user= > ( let [ {x :x y : y} point ]
( println " x : " x " y : " y ) )
x : 5 y : 7
: keys
user= > ( def point {:x 5 :y 7} )
# 'user / point
user= > ( let [ { : keys [ x y]} point ]
( println " x : " x " y : " y ) )
x : 5 y : 7
: keys
: keys
:as
user= > ( def point {:x 5 :y 7} )
# 'user / point
user= > ( let [ { : keys [ x y ] : as the - point} point ]
( println " x : " x " y : " y " point : " the - point ) )
x : 5 y : 7 point : {:x 5 , :y 7}
:as
:or
:or
user= > ( def point {:y 7} )
# 'user / point
user= > ( let [ { : keys [ x y ] : or {x 0 y 0}} point ]
( println " x : " x " y : " y ) )
x : 0 y : 7
user= > ( def book {:name " SICP " : details {:pages 657 : isbn-10 " 0262011530 " }} )
#'user / book
user= > ( let [ {name : name {pages : pages isbn -10 : isbn -10} : details} book ]
( println " name : " name " pages : " pages " isbn -10 : " isbn - 10 ) )
name : SICP pages : 657 isbn-10 : 0262011530
user= > ( def book {:name " SICP " : details {:pages 657 : isbn-10 " 0262011530 " }} )
#'user / book
user= >
user= > ( let [ {name : name {: keys [ pages isbn - 10 ] } : details} book ]
( println " name : " name " pages : " pages " isbn -10 : " isbn - 10 ) )
name : SICP pages : 657 isbn-10 : 0262011530
user= > ( def numbers [ [ 1 2 ] [ 3 4 ] ] )
#'user / numbers
user= > ( let [ [ [ a b ] [c d ] ] numbers ]
( println " a : " a " b : " b " c : " c " d : " d ) )
a : 1 b : 2 c : 3 d : 4
Since binding forms can be nested within one another arbitrarily , you can pull apart just about anything -- http://clojure.org/special_forms
user= > ( def golfer {:name " Jim " : scores [ 3 5 4 5 ] } )
#'user / golfer
user= > ( let [ {name : name [ hole1 hole2 ] : scores} golfer ]
( println " name : " name " hole1 : " hole1 " hole2 : " hole2 ) )
name : Jim hole1 : 3 hole2 : 5
user= > ( defn print - status [ {name : name [ hole1 hole2 ] : scores} ]
( println " name : " name " hole1 : " hole1 " hole2 : " hole2 ) )
# 'user / print - status
user= > ( print - status {:name " Jim " : scores [ 3 5 4 5 ] } )
name : Jim hole1 : 3 hole2 : 5
( defn do - something [ x y & more ] ... )
In The Joy of Clojure ( TJoC ) destructuring is described as a mini-language within Clojure .
It 's not essential to learn this mini-language ; however , as the authors of TJoC point out , destructuring facilitates concise , elegant code .
What is destructuring ?
The simplest example of destructuring is assigning the values of a vector .
note : I 'm using let for my examples of destructuring ; however , in practice I tend to use destructuring in function parameter lists at least as often , if not more often .
I 'll admit that I can't remember ever using destructuring like the first example , but it 's a good starting point .
A more realistic example is splitting a vector into a head and a tail .
When defining a function with an arglist ** you use an ampersand .
The same is true in destructuring .
It 's also worth noting that you can bind the entire vector to a local using thedirective .
Vector examples are the easiest ; however , in practice I find myself using destructuring with maps far more often .
Simple destructuring on a map is as easy as choosing a local name and providing the key .
As the example shows , the values of :x and :y are bound to locals with the names the -x and the -y .
In practice we would never prepend " the - " to our local names ; however , using different names provides a bit of clarity for our first example .
In production code you would be much more likely to want locals with the same name as the key .
This works perfectly well , as the next example shows .
While this works perfectly well , creating locals with the same name as the keys becomes tedious and annoying ( especially when your keys are longer than one letter ) .
Clojure anticipates this frustration and providesdirective that allows you to specify keys that you would like as locals with the same name .
There are a few directives that work while destructuring maps .
The above example shows the use of .
In practice I end up usingthe most ; however , I 've also used the : as directive while working with maps .
The following example illustrates the use of andirective to bind a local with the entire map .
We 've now seen thedirective used for both vectors and maps .
In both cases the local is always assigned to the entire expression that is being destructured .
For completeness I 'll document thedirective ; however , I must admit that I 've never used it in practice .
Thedirective is used to assign default values when the map being destructured does n't contain a specified key .
Lastly , it 's also worth noting that you can destructure nested maps , vectors and a combination of both .
The following example destructures a nested mapAs you would expect , you can also use directives while destructuring nested maps .
Destructuring nested vectors is also very straight - forward , as the following example illustrates
The following example destructures a map and a vector at the same time .
The same example can be rewritten using a function definition to show the simplicity of using destructuring in parameter lists .
There are other ( less used ) directives and deeper explanations available on http://clojure.org/special_forms and in The Joy of Clojure .
I recommend both .**
June 1 , 2010
Oil and Red Ink
John P. Hussman , Ph.D .
All rights reserved and actively enforced .
Reprint Policy
" Is this something that could happen once in a million times ?
Is it something that could happen once in a thousand times , or once every 5,000 times ?
What exactly are the risks involved ? "
President Barack Obama 5/17/10 , addressing the Gulf oil spill
As we observe the recent oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , the recent banking crisis , and the ongoing concerns about sovereign debt in Europe , one of the things that strikes me is that few analysts are much good at assessing probabilities for worst case scenarios .
We typically refer to the probability of some event Y as P( Y ) , and write the probability of Y , given some information X , as P ( Y|X ) .
So for example , the probability of a vehicle being a school bus might be only 1 % , but given some extra information , like " the vehicle is yellow and full of children , " the estimated " conditional " probability would go up enormously .
With regard to oil spills , however low one might have believed P ( we 'll have an oil spill ) to be , prior to the recent accident , the " prior " probability estimate should change given that we 've now observed one of the worst oil spills in history .
Even if the oil industry previously argued that the probability of an oil spill was one in a million , it 's hard to hold onto that assessment after the oil spill occurs , unless your faith in the soundness of the technology is entirely unmoved in the face of new information .
See , if P ( the technology is flawed | we had an oil spill ) is 80 % , and P ( we 'll have another oil spill | the technology is flawed ) is 80 % , then regardless of how extremely unlikely you thought oil spills were before we observed one , or how unlikely you thought it was that the technology was flawed , you would now estimate P ( we 'll have another oil spill | we had an oil spill ) at no less than 80 % x 80 % = 64 % *.
While there are about 3800 oil platforms in the Gulf of Mexico , only about 130 deep water projects have been completed , compared with just 17 a decade ago .
So in 10 years , applying a new technology , we 've had one major oil spill thus far .
Unless there is some a priori reason to assume that the technology is pristine , despite the fact that it has failed spectacularly , the first back - of - the - envelope estimate a statistician would make would be to model deep water oil spills as a " Poisson process . "
Poisson processes are often used to model things that arrive randomly , like customers in a checkout line , or insurance claims across unrelated policy holders .
Given one major oil spill in 10 years , you probably would n't be way off the mark using an average " arrival frequency " of 0.10 annually .
From that perspective , a simple Poisson estimate would suggest a 90.5 % probability that we will see no additional major oil spills from deep water rigs over the coming year , dropping to a 36.8 % chance that we 'll see no additional major oil spills from deep water rigs over the coming decade .
Moreover , you 'd put a 36.8 % chance on having exactly one more major spill in the coming decade , an 18.4 % chance on having two major spills , a 6.1 % chance of having three major spills , and a 1.9 % chance of having four or more major spills in the coming decade .
This is quite a bit of inference from a small amount of data , but catastrophes contain a great deal of information when the " prior " is that catastrophes are simply not possible .
Given that the worst offshore oil spill in Australia 's history happened only in November 2009 ( which took months to shut down ) , this sort of estimate does not seem unreasonable .
In any event , disasters contain information .
It 's no longer reasonable to apply previous risk estimates even after we 've observed a major spill .
Similarly , before the housing crisis , it might have been tempting to shrug off mortgage defaults as relatively isolated events , since the price of housing had generally experienced a long upward trend over time .
Indeed , historically , sustained declines in home prices could be shown to be very low probability events .
But as the bubble continued , investors made little attempt to assess the probability of a debt crisis given that home prices had become detached from all reasonable metrics of income and ability to pay .
Just as buy - and - hold investors assumed that the long - term return on stocks was constant at about 10 % , despite the late 1990 's valuation bubble , investors during the housing bubble kept looking at the " unconditional probability " P( credit crisis ) based on decades of normal housing valuations , when they should have recognized that the conditional probability P( credit crisis | extreme housing overvaluation and lax credit standards ) was probably higher .
This turned out to be a profound oversight .
But that was evidently not a sufficient lesson .
As soon as the surface appearance of the problem was covered up by an expensive and opaque band - aid of government bailouts and suspension of accounting transparency by the FASB , investors went right back to using those unconditional probability estimates .
Indeed , until the spike in credit spreads that began a few weeks ago , the amount of additional yield investors demanded for taking credit risk had fallen back to the lows of 2007 .
We 've had a major credit crisis , we have failed to restructure the debt underlying that crisis , and yet investors are approaching the market as if the debt has simply been made whole and we can continue along the former path .
Knowing that the cash flows from mortgage payments cannot possibly be adequate to service the original debt , that delinquencies continue to hit new records , and that there is an enormous overhang of nonperforming debt and unforeclosed homes - it seems utterly naive to assume that the problems we saw over a year ago have been adequately addressed .
What holds for oil also holds for red ink .
Disasters contain information .
It 's no longer reasonable to apply previous risk estimates even after we 've observed a major spill .
Credit Update
My impression is that the main struggle of the stock market here is not about Europe , but rather centers on the likelihood that the U.S. will experience a second wave of credit strains .
Clearly , the level of credit strains will be a function of mortgage delinquencies and foreclosure losses , both realized and anticipated .
I 've noted that we entered the primary window for these strains to emerge only a few months ago .
Alt - A and Option - ARM mortgage resets will hit their stride between now and November , with a second , even higher peak in 2011 , before finally trailing off in early 2012 .
I am most concerned about the " recognition phase " in which the current , very low estimates of credit strains are revised by investors .
Given that delinquency rates have a strong seasonal tendency to improve in the first several months of each year , our initial read on this data - based on non-seasonally adjusted data , was mixed ( see the April 19 , 2010 comment ) .
On May 19 , the Mortgage Bankers Association released the seasonally adjusted data for the first quarter of 2010 , indicating that in every category - total delinquencies , fixed prime , adjustable prime , fixed subprime and adjustable subprime - mortgage delinquencies surged to fresh , record highs in the quarter ended March 31 , 2010 .
The charts below show the percentage of mortgages in each classification that are presently delinquent but are not yet in foreclosure .
Subprime delinquencies , of course , are substantially worse , with adjustable - rate subprime mortgages spiking to a delinquency rate approaching 30 % .
Meanwhile , we saw of brief surge in new mortgage applications in April to take advantage of the $ 8000 first - time homebuyer 's tax credit before it expired .
Over the past few weeks , mortgage applications for purchase have plunged to a 13 - year low ( thanks to Calculated Risk for the graphic ) .
Still , mortgage losses are based on actual delinquencies and losses taken in foreclosure , not on seasonally adjusted data , however bad .
For that reason , we will be most attentive to the actual delinquency and foreclosure data that will be reported in the coming months .
There is an enormous inventory of delinquent but unforeclosed homes in the system , as well as unsold foreclosure inventory ( amounting to an overall total that is about twice the entire number of homes that that have completed foreclosure since 2007 ) .
The underlying mortgages are not performing , and the inventory will ultimately come onto the market , which may put even more existing mortgages underwater .
Of course , investors hope to ignore the solvency problem to some extent , since the FASB has obscured accounting rules to allow Madoff - like disclosure .
Even if the latest proposal by the FASB to restore mark - to - market survives the outcry of the banking industry , it would not be implemented until 2013 .
Why should we care if banks actually are solvent as long as they tell us they are solvent ?
This is an open question , but only if one can be certain there is a greater fool available .
We prefer not to make that assumption .
For our part , the negative shift in market action suggests that we should be wary of complacency .
As for general credit concerns , Greek debt is a relatively small aspect of the difficulty that can be expected .
Still , it would be helpful for European leaders to focus on ways in which Greece and some of the less fiscally stable Euro - area members can be gracefully exited from the currency union , because ultimately , their deficits will be difficult to address through austerity .
As I 've noted before , these austerity plans can be expected to reduce government spending , but they will also produce a substantial loss of revenue because of the resulting economic weakness , leading to much less deficit reduction than expected .
Politically , it is unlikely that Germany and stronger Euro - area countries will agree to indefinitely finance the deficits of these countries while they are already running deficits of their own .
So the end game in Europe will very likely be a departure of Greece , Portugal , and possibly Spain from the Euro .
I would expect that this will ultimately strengthen the euro , because remember , the outstanding currency is backed by the sovereign debt of European member states .
The main thing that will assault the value of the Euro is if the ECB goes through with its plan to debase its balance sheet by loading it up with the insolvent debt of Greece and weaker members .
The clearest path to a strong euro is to restructure , not defend , the insolvent debt of those countries .
Needless to say , a similar point holds true for insolvent liabilities in the U.S. , which the Fed should not be holding .
I am not convinced that the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac debt held by the Fed can be assumed to be backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government .
It is true that the Treasury announced last Christmas eve that it would provide unlimited amounts to make Fannie and Freddie debt whole for a three - year period , citing the Housing and Economic Recovery
Act of 2008 as its authority to do so .
However , that law ( in all caps , mind you ) places a clear limit of $ 300 billion on the total amount of principal that the Treasury has the authority to insure .
So either the Treasury 's action exploited a loophole that was clearly no part of Congressional intent , or the open - ended commitment is lip service that actually has a statutory limit of $ 300 billion of principal ( not losses , but principal ) .
The third possibility , of course , is that the Treasury 's action was illegal .
In any event , as the Fed has purchased debt that does not , in fact , have the explicit long - term backing of the Federal government , it follows that it has created U.S. dollar liabilities in return for assets that are subject to loss and are not actually debt obligations of the Federal government .
This in turn means that the Federal Reserve is engaging in unlegislated fiscal policy .
I am also not at all convinced that the recent financial regulation bill passed by Congress contains the one essential provision that will be required to avoid a full replay of the credit crisis we saw in 2008 .
That provision is to endow a regulator - one with an explicit mandate of consumer and depositor protection - with the ability to take receivership of insolvent financial institutions , to cut away the operating entity from the bondholder and stockholder liabilities , sell it to an acquirer or re-issue it to the market as a whole recapitalized entity , and give the residual to the bondholders as partial recovery .
This is how the FDIC deals with failed banks , and the threat of this should create a credible incentive for bank bondholders to restructure those obligations in a way that makes those investors , not the public , responsible for the losses that banks incur .
The only reason that bank " failures " in the Depression ( and the " failure " of Lehman ) were problematic is that the institutions had to be liquidated in a disorganized , piecemeal fashion , because there was no receivership and resolution authority that could cut away the operating entity and sell it as a " whole bank " entity ex-bondholder and - stockholder liabilities .
I put " failure " in quotations because there is a tendency to think of such events as something to be avoided even at the cost of public funds .
Failure only means that bondholders do n't get 100 cents on the dollar .
As I 've repeatedly emphasized ( and do n't believe can be emphasized enough ) , it is essential to invoke the word " restructuring " wherever possible , because it immediately leads us to seek constructive solutions between borrowers and lenders , without public expenditure .
In my view , the regulator with resolution authority should not be the Federal Reserve .
It is often argued that the Fed 's involvement would insulate bailouts from political influence .
But it is important to recognize that the Federal Reserve acts not in the interest of the public , but in the interest of the banking system itself , because it is an arm of the banking system , with leadership staffed by representatives from the banking system .
Indeed , J.P. Morgan 's CEO , Jamie Dimon was on the Board of Directors of the New York Federal Reserve at the same time that J.P. Morgan was awarded a sweetheart deal to acquire Bear Stearns , while the Fed itself took on tens of billions of " Maiden Lane " liabilities to facilitate the transaction .
Moreover , if bailouts are to be effected , what could possibly be more deserving of political deliberation and subject to the oversight of elected representatives than the use of public funds ?
The resolution authority should have clear transparency .
My vote would be the FDIC , but in any event , an agency with a mandate of public protection , and answerable to our elected representatives , is essential .
Narrow bells and high micro-volatility
Last week , I noted that on the heels of a vertical ( and almost textbook ) " air pocket " that followed the overvalued , overbought , overbullish , rising yields syndrome of recent months , we had observed another " Aunt Minnie " characterized by a breakdown in market internals .
Most notably , we saw a leadership reversal which took weekly new lows above weekly new highs on the NYSE for the first time in three quarters .
Coupled with other elements of that Aunt Minnie , we can count 19 such breakdowns since the 1960's , only 4 of which had benign outcomes , and the others being associated with a typical ( additional ) loss of about 7 % within the next 12 weeks , expanding to an average loss of about 20 % within the following year , as measured from the point the leadership reversal was observed .
Given this relatively narrow set of outcomes , coupled with my ongoing concern about further credit strains ( not simply abroad , but also becoming aggravated in the U.S. ) , there seems to be little reason to depart from last November 's comment in Reckless Myopia : " In my estimation , there is still close to an 80 % probability ( Bayes ' Rule ) that a second market plunge and economic downturn will unfold during the coming year .
This is not certainty , but the evidence that we 've observed in the equity market , labor market , and credit markets to - date is simply much more consistent with the recent advance being a component of a more drawn - out and painful deleveraging cycle . "
As long - term readers of these comments know , I try to refrain from talking about the markets in terms of specific " forecasts . "
Instead , we tend to use the phrase " on average . "
The only time you can make a reasonable " point forecast " about the market is when all of the historical outcomes have a very narrow range of variation around them .
That 's rarely the case .
Even the most favorable and unfavorable Market Climates we identify generally look ( more or less ) like bell curves , and all of them include both positive and negative returns .
So the data generally do n't support specific forecasts that the market will do this or that .
The best you can usually do is to compare the average expected return with the range of possible risk .
For example , a set of market conditions that is associated with a high average return , but a huge bell curve of dispersion around it ( as we sometimes see in the gold market ) tends to warrant only a moderate investment exposure , unless one is willing accept a great deal of volatility and risk .
In contrast , a set of market conditions that is associated with a moderately high return , but a narrow bell of dispersion , can be approached with a more aggressive investment exposure .
The reason that " Aunt Minnies " are notable is because they do have relatively narrow bells , so we can't simply ignore their implications .
For that reason , I continue to urge that investors carefully consider their risk exposures here .
If you follow a specific investment discipline , even if it is a consistent buy - and - hold approach , please ignore my views and stick to your discipline .
But if you are carrying a lot of market exposure basically because the market has been going up over the past few quarters , and you are close enough to needing the funds that a substantial loss would materially affect your future plans , then your risk exposure is inappropriate , and it might be a good idea to make adjustments while we 're still only a moderate distance from recent highs .
Finally , as I 've noted before , I tend to get particularly concerned when the market begins to exhibit extremely large fluctuations at ten - minute intervals .
This sort of increasing " micro- volatility " is troublesome , particularly when in the context of a leadership reversal coming off of overvalued , overbought , overbullish extremes .
The last time we observed similar internal dispersion coupled with a leadership reversal was at the 2007 market peak .
As I noted in the July , 30 2007 comment ( Market Internals Go Negative ) , " This is much like what happens when a substance goes through a " phase transition , " for example , from a gas to a liquid or vice versa .
Portions of the material begin to act distinctly , as if the particles are choosing between the two phases , and as the transition approaches its " critical point , " you start to observe larger clusters as one phase takes precedence and the particles that have " made a choice " affect their neighbors .
You also observe fast oscillations between order and disorder in the remaining particles .
So a phase transition features internal dispersion followed by leadership reversal .
My impression is that this analogy also extends to the market 's tendency to experience increasing volatility at 5 - 10 minute intervals prior to major declines . "
The following chart ( from Dietmar Saupe in Barnsley , the Science of Fractal Images ) offers a nice illustration of how the same general pattern can feature different levels of what we can call " micro-volatility . "
The top panels look like what we 're starting to see in intraday activity .
Suffice it to say that at present , the conditional expected return distribution for stocks is hostile enough for me to repeatedly urge investors to examine their risks .
Please , ignore my views if you 're following a clear and disciplined investment strategy , but be certain that you can tolerate risk - especially with funds that will be required over a relatively short horizon .
Market Climate
As of last week , the Market Climate for stocks was characterized by unfavorable valuations , and unfavorable market action , with a leadership reversal coming just off of an overvalued , overbought , overbullish syndrome , and accompanied with heavy downside breadth .
This type of event has produced fairly benign outcomes about 20 % of the time .
The remaining instances have been hostile , on average , and in the majority of cases were observed at the beginning of steep market declines .
It is difficult to review that record with equanimity about what may occur in the present instance , but again , about 20 % of those outcomes were fairly benign .
I think it is sufficient to strongly urge investors to review their risk exposures here ( and to be comfortable that a significant market loss would not derail their financial security or short - horizon spending needs ) .
Again , I do not encourage investors to deviate from careful and disciplined investment strategies , or to establish " bearish " positions .
For our part , the Strategic Growth Fund is fully hedged .
The primary source of day - to - day fluctuations in the Fund here is the difference in performance between the stocks held by the Fund and the indices ( S&P 500 , Russell 2000 , Nasdaq 100 ) that we use to hedge .
In bonds , the Market Climate last week was characterized by moderately unfavorable yield levels and favorable yield pressures .
Credit spreads continued to widen last week , so despite periodic selloffs in Treasuries on various " relief " news ( such as the nearly obligatory assurance from China that it had no plans to dispense of euro - denominated debt ) , I continue to expect Treasury securities to act as preferred safe - havens in response to fresh credit strains .
Though these strains are likely to suppress inflation pressures over the shorter run , the reckless fiscal and monetary attempt to make bad debt whole , rather than encouraging its restructuring , has very unfavorable long - term implications for the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar .
I still believe that inflation pressure is likely to emerge in the second half of this decade , not over the near term .
Still , precious metals shares tend to perform well in the face of downward real interest rate pressure and a high ratio of physical gold prices to the underlying stock prices .
In view of that combination , the Strategic Total Return Fund continues to accumulate precious metals shares on short term weakness , and we are comfortable with gradually building a moderate ( 5 - 10 % ) exposure .
We can't rule out a spell of downward commodity price pressure if concerns emerge about potential economic weakness , so we 're not seeking anything close to an aggressive exposure here , but our current position will give us adequate participation even if economic weakness does n't offer us another bite at the apple , so to speak .
* Geek 's Note : the actual calculation is P ( S' |S ) = P ( S ' | F ) P( F|S ) + P( S'| ~F ) P( ~F|S )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Is there a connection between BP and the terrorist convicted of bombing Pan Am Flight 103 ?
Four senators want to know what sway the oil giant may have had in securing the release of Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al - Megrahi in exchange for a $ 900 million offshore oil drilling deal with Libya .
Megrahi , the only person convicted of bombing that killed 270 people in 1988 , was released from prison in Scotland last August .
A Scottish court granted the release after doctors claimed that Megrahi was terminally ill from prostate cancer and had only three months to live .
The release , of course , prompted plenty of outrage .
The bomber is still alive , and just this week one of the doctors that gave that dire prognosis last year came forward to assert that the Libyan government paid him to make that claim .
Now four senators –Robert Menendez ( D - NJ ) , Frank Lautenberg ( D - NJ ) , Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) and Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - NY ) — are calling on the State Department to investigate whether the oil giant was involved in the deal - making , and whether “ BP might use blood money ” to pay for damages in the Gulf of Mexico .
In 2007 , BP and the Libyan government agreed upon a $ 900 million oil exploration deal for the Gulf of Sidra .
Last year , BP admitted that it had lobbied the UK government on the issue , after the company became “ concerned that a delay in concluding a prisoner transfer agreement with the Libyan government might hurt a $ 900 million oil deal it had just signed . ”
With the oil giant back in the news , senators are calling for a full investigation into BP ’s role .
“ Evidence in the Deepwater Horizon disaster seems to suggest that BP would put profit ahead of people — its attention to safety was negligible , and it routinely underestimated the amount of oil gushing into the Gulf , ” the senators wrote in a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asking her department to investigate the matter .
“ The question we now have to answer is , was this corporation willing to trade justice in the murder of 270 innocent people for oil profits ? ”
This is not the first time senators have raised this concern .
Lautenberg asked the Foreign Relations Committee to look into the agreement last September , two weeks after al - Megrahi ’s release .
Lautenberg sent a second letter to the Foreign Relations Committee today asking for an investigation , and all four senators are asking the British government to also look into the matter .
“ It is shocking to even contemplate that this company is profiting from the release of a terrorist with the blood of 189 Americans on his hands , ” wrote Lautenberg in the letter to the Foreign Relations Committee .
“ The families of the victims of Pan Am flight 103 deserve to know whether justice took a back seat to commercial interests in this case . ”
BP , meanwhile , is chugging ahead with its plans for the Gulf of Sidra , and has announced plans to begin drilling there next month .
The company called this their “ single biggest exploration commitment ” in a press release in 2007 , noting that the oil discoveries there totaled “ more than 2000 Gulf of Mexico deepwater blocks . ”
Now that their Gulf operations have gone horribly awry , the company ’s stake in Libya has surely become even more valuable .
Jewish settlers , who claim a divine right to the whole of Israel , now control more than 42 per cent of the occupied West Bank , representing a powerful obstacle to the creation of a Palestinian state , a new report has revealed .
The jurisdiction of some 200 settlements , illegal under international law , cover much more of the occupied Palestinian territory than previously thought .
And a large section of the land has been seized from private Palestinian landowners in defiance even of an Israeli supreme court ruling , the report said , a finding which sits uncomfortably with Israeli claims that it builds only on state land .
Drawing on official Israeli military maps and population statistics , the leading Israeli human rights group , B'Tselem , compiled the new findings , which were released just as the Israeli prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , arrived in Washington to try to heal a gaping rift with US President Barack Obama over the issue of settlements .
" The settlement enterprise has been characterised , since its inception , by an instrumental , cynical , and even criminal approach to international law , local legislation , Israeli military orders , and Israeli law , which has enabled the continuous pilfering of land from Palestinians in the West Bank , " the report concluded .
Mr Obama 's demand for a freeze on illegal building has caused months of friction between his administration and the Israeli government .
But the US president , facing mid-term elections in November , appeared eager to end the dispute with Israel yesterday .
He said the country was making " real progress " on improving conditions in the Gaza Strip and was serious about achieving peace .
The two men made a joint public appearance , carefully choreographed to convey mutual ease and friendship .
When Mr Netanyahu last visited the White House , in March , US anger at his refusal to end construction meant the Israeli premier was denied a joint appearance with Mr Obama before the cameras .
This time the photo - op was granted and the two men afterwards shared a meal – although not a state dinner but a working lunch .
" Reports about the demise of the special US - Israel relationship are n't premature , there are just flat wrong , " Mr Netanyahu said , in response to a reporter 's question about the perceived tensions .
Playing to the same script , Mr Obama said that the " bond between the United States and Israel is unbreakable " .
But the revelations in the B'Tselem report suggest that despite Mr Netanyahu 's stated desire for peace , his policy on settlements remains a dangerous obstacle to the establishment of an independent Palestinian state and therefore to a durable peace .
They cast an uncompromising spotlight on Israeli practices in the Palestinian territories that have long drawn international criticism for establishing " facts on the ground " hampering the creation of a viable Palestinian state .
While most of the Jewish settlement activity is concentrated in 1 per cent of the West Bank , settler councils have in fact fenced off or earmarked massive tracts of land , comprising some 42 per cent of the West Bank , B'Tselem said .
And despite the outlawing by Israel of settlement expansion on private Palestinian land , settlers have seized 21 per cent of land that Israel recognises is privately - owned .
B'Tselem alleged that Israel had devised an extensive system of loopholes to requisition Palestinian land .
At the same time , Israel has built bypass roads , erected new checkpoints , and taken control of scarce water resources to the benefit of the settlers .
The measures have effectively created Palestinian enclaves within the West Bank , the report said .
Under international law , any Jewish settlements built on occupied territory are illegal .
These include all the settlements in the West Bank , and thousands of Jewish homes in East Jerusalem , the Arab - dominated sector of the city annexed by Israel after the 1967 Six Day War .
The international community still regards East Jerusalem as occupied territory .
Despite firm commitments from successive Israeli governments to dismantle illegal outposts built after 2001 and to cease expansion of the settlements , Israel has provided millions of dollars worth of incentives to encourage poorer families to move into the West Bank .
Some 300,000 settlers live in the West Bank .
Settlers immediately attacked the report , claiming it was timed as a spoiler to the Washington meeting .
In Washington , no concrete breakthroughs were announced but Mr Obama said that he believed the Israeli leader was ready to move towards direct talks with the Palestinians .
Indirect talks began earlier this year , mediated by special US envoy George Mitchell .
Mr Netanyahu showed signs of responding to the pressure .
" Peace is the best option for all of us and I think we have a unique opportunity to do it , " he said .
" If we work together with [ Palestinian ] President [ Mahmoud ]
Abbas then we can bring a great message of hope to our peoples , to the region and to the world . "
The Palestinians continue to refuse direct talks with Israel while new settlement construction is allowed .
Settlement activity continues in East Jerusalem , which Palestinians aim to include in a new state .
With US - Israel ties already frayed , Mr Netanyahu postponed a visit to the White House last month in the aftermath of Israel 's deadly raid on a Turkish - led flotilla trying to deliver humanitarian goods to Gaza .
Tonedeff
I ’m not a millionaire , but kid , I got a million ways to rhyme
With the skill that ’s paired with wit atop a villain ’s frame of mind
Like a military hit upon civilian stations
I ’m equipped to kill unfairly , shit you poppin really ai n’t advised
If you ’re willing to pay the price , I ’ll hold account
Life ’s a revolving door , cause money , If I ’m going in , you going out
Funny , since I hold the clip – you owe me now
Dummies dip , like “ Holy Shit !
That fucker Tone ’s just as quick when you slow him down ! ”
Most ridiculous show in town !
Hold no interest in yours cause now
Headliners do n’t perform , they just sync their lips and support the crowd
So I ’m infamous , world renowned for my gifts when I ’m beastin
But , Jesus , when I leave people speechless – how will I get word of mouth ?
I ’m a mixture of Roman power , Olympian breathing
The flow is twisted .
Your seasick with motion - sickness aboard the ground
The known risk is n’t worth your drowning .
Do n’t slip !
Supreme with my Sotomayor - Steeze , it ’s the token spic on the court with power
Hold witnesses sworn - in , vowing to rat on you cats
Cause once the gavel ’s tapped then that ’s a wrap , hoe – pick if it ’s corn or flower
When we bid to get into this , plenty pricks in New York were sour
Now business is infinite – ain’t no clique that gets more than ours
The mission is simple : Just deliver hits to these hoards of followers
Visit with tours and bond with ‘ em , Hip ‘em to corporate prowlers
Now THIS is a movement , not that bullshit that you force through bowels
Resistance to QN5 ?
Start enlisting your mourners now , you cowards !
Ha !
People wanna talk if they do n’t think you looking now
You can put em up , kid , if you wanna put me down
Say it to my face … or stay up in your place , just
Say it to my face … or stay up in your place , Trick
You can never duplicate the way we made our name
Cause ai n’t no fuckin rules if we refuse to play the game
Say it to my face … or stay up in your place , just
Say it to my face … or stay up in your place , Trick
Na - na - na - na - nah .
PackFM
Clap at your tee - pee like the passenger seat piece
You do n’t have to believe me , living like I ’m trapped in a tv
See , rapping is easy , I mastered the art of massacre
Feed me beats that ’s harder than the task of finding an Asterisk CD
Now ask us if we be , the last of a breed
Internationally known to hold the throne
And prone to smash it to pieces
Til wee bits of glass leave scratches on wax
Now take that wax off motherfucker , like grasshoppers teacher
Now as for a feature , I do this for cash only , pass on a free - be
You need me for exposure , but I ’m closing the latch on you leeches
And raggedy creatures who do n’t practice your preachin
Rollin with vag is as bad as bringin sand to the beaches
Now last but not least this immaculate thesis
Will rapidly reach the masses and capacity peeks just as fast as they leak it
You asked for it people , there ca n’t be no equal
This track is the prequel to “ Ruthless ”
Now watch how I ruin the raps in your leaflet .
Let ’s Do This !
People wanna talk if they do n’t think you looking now
You can put em up , kid , if you wanna put me down
Say it to my face … or stay up in your place , just
Say it to my face … or stay up in your place , Trick
You can never duplicate the way we made our name
Cause ai n’t no fuckin rules if we refuse to play the game
Say it to my face … or stay up in your place , just
Say it to my face … or stay up in your place , Trick
Na - na - na - na - nah .
Cue the claps , Algorythm attacks
To set the Tone , now we five steps ahead of the Pack
And it ’s a wrap !
That ’s what happens , man
That ’s what happens , man
That ’s what happens , man
That ’s what happens , man
2 DopeBoyz with the bass in the back
The Meka - nized breaks make ya Shake in your tracks
And it ’s a wrap !
That ’s what happens , man
That ’s what happens , man
That ’s what happens , man
That ’s what happens , man
NASA has kicked off a competition among university engineers to design an inflatable habitat that is " light - weight , safe , and reliable " to house future astronauts " in space and on other planetary bodies . "
On the line is $ 58,000 .
Advertisement
The eXploration Habitat ( or X - Hab ) " lofts , " as NASA is chicly terming them , must be designed to sit as an expansion atop the agency 's existing hard shell prototype , which will include ( cramped ) spaces for activities like suit maintenance and geological research .
The challenge , open to all university seniors and graduate students , is intended to spur interest and research in math , science , and engineering , and will honor each of three winning teams with $ 48,000 and a shot to field test their prototype for a final ten grand .
Advertisement
Realizing the seriousness sheltering astronauts inside of a sophisticated moon bounce , the proposal guidelines make the difficulty of the challenge clear : the lofts must be " analogous to a terrestrial home lasting 25 years with a low - carbon foot - print and Net - Zero resource consumption with no maintenance and operations required to live in it while seamlessly providing comfortable and safe living capabilities . "
Were you sitting on the surface of the moon , you might want something between you and the desolate vacuum of space besides an inflatable plastic wall , but hey , that 's why you 're not an astronaut .
[ MSNBC via Inhabitat ]
I observed that if this conversation about how to resolve tough issues were taking place in 2006 , I would likely be having it not with Graham but with his friend and legislative mentor , John McCain .
“ Totally agree , ” he responded .
“ I mean , I was the wingman , O.K. ? ”
But , he acknowledged , things are different now : “ John ’s got a primary .
He ’s got to focus on getting re-elected .
I do n’t want my friend to get beat . ”
Image LOYALISTS
Graham with John McCain during the 2008 campaign .
Once McCain 's legislative “ wingman , ” Graham has become the Republican most likely to try to hammer out a deal .
Credit ... Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images
I asked whether he was giving McCain a pass on anything risky this year .
“ Yeah , ” he said .
Graham added that he was thinking about a question I recently asked him : would he be so out there , in a bipartisan way , if he were facing re-election this year rather than four years from now ?
“ The answer ’s probably no . ”
Then , as a point of pride , Graham could not resist observing that he had remained committed to immigration reform , which would include some form of a path to citizenship for those illegally in the country , during his previous ( admittedly easy ) re-election quest .
“ So I can go to these guys ” — meaning , Republicans up for re-election this year — “ and say : ‘ Listen , I know you ’re in the cycle , but so was I .
I ’m still here . ’ ”
McCain was one of “ these guys ” who was ignoring Graham ’s advice .
Though Graham did not explicitly say so , he clearly seemed disappointed in his friend ’s election - year drift to the right .
He did , however , point out a bright side : McCain ’s protégé now had an opportunity to show off his own legislative chops .
And when it came to shaping the debate , Graham said : “ I think I do that better than John .
You know , he ’s always been a romantic .
He ’s got to be fighting the bad guys .
I ’ve never been a Luke Skywalker .
I ’m a much more calculating guy than that .
I understand that you just do n’t charge into these things based on some moral belief that you ’re right and the other guy ’s wrong .
I believe that you lay the groundwork before you get involved in these fights . ”
It plainly delights Graham to be where the action is — and to let people know it .
Yet he seems , for someone so savvy and influential , to lack even the most remedial measure of sophistication .
His culinary weaknesses tend toward Chick - fil - A , except when dieting , and sweetish alcoholic beverages like Baileys liqueur and ( during our recent dinner ) almond schnapps .
The row house on Capitol Hill that Graham purchased in 1998 is sparsely adorned , says a friend , “ with early college - reject furniture ” that was in fact left behind by the previous owner .
It took months for Graham to realize that someone had stolen a TV of his , since it was in his kitchen , which he never uses .
Bachelorhood would appear to have chosen Lindsey Graham , rather than the other way around — though a former adviser once told me that during Graham ’s early Congressional races , stricken - hearted women would show up to the campaign office bearing newly purchased ties and dress shirts for the candidate to wear .
The hyperlinked world leaves Graham utterly at sea .
He has never owned a BlackBerry or an iPhone .
His staff maintains a Facebook page and posts on Twitter on his behalf , but without Graham ’s supervision .
The one strand of modern science that rivets Lindsey Graham is the public - opinion poll .
Since his first Congressional race in 1994 , Graham has employed the services of the South Carolina political consultant Richard Quinn .
Quinn ’s surveys now find Graham ’s approval rating among Republicans at 64 , which is 13 points lower than South Carolina ’s far more conservative junior senator , Jim DeMint , but still quite high given Graham ’s periodic defections from the conservative movement .
When Graham takes on an issue , his seemingly off - the - cuff musings reflect his knowledge of Quinn ’s data .
Graham revealed his strategic reliance on public opinion over dinner when he brought up the subject of the Guantánamo Bay prison , a post - 9/11 legacy of the Bush administration .
Gen . David Petraeus convinced the senator that the prison had become an effective recruiting tool for terrorist organizations and therefore must be closed .
But , Graham told me : “ Eighty - eight percent of the Republican primary voters , when asked ‘ Should you close Guantánamo Bay ? ’ in the poll we took , said no .
Now , when you ask , ‘ If military commanders said it would be in our national - security interest to close it , and you could do it safely , ’ that gets you about 40 percent . ”
He added : “ I believe that if I can get a legal system in place that will convince people that we ’re not going to let these people roam loose in the United States , and that we will treat them as military threats , not common criminals — and if the military will stand by me in that process , and if I can get some Bush people saying , ‘ This is the right thing to do , ’ we can win the day .
And I can turn the polling around to at least 50 - 50 .
And five years from now when we ’ll be in a new stage of the war , this will be an enormous benefit . ”
The senator permitted himself a sip of almond schnapps .
“ Reason always prevails , ” he drawled , “ if you can market it right . ”
Giant life - insurance companies like MetLife have figured out a way to hold onto death benefits owed to bereaved families .
Insurers said to hurt troops ' families
Giant life - insurance companies have figured out a way to hold onto death benefits owed to bereaved families , including parents and spouses of U.S. soldiers killed in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan , according to a six - month investigation appearing in the September issue of Bloomberg Markets magazine .
“ MetLife and Prudential lead the way in making hundreds of millions of dollars in secret profits every year on money that belongs to relatives of those who die , ” a Bloomberg news release says .
Advertisement
“ Survivors of service men and women are told they 'll get a $ 400,000 life insurance payout .
They do n't .
Instead , Prudential keeps their money .
Families are surprised when they receive what looks like a checkbook .
Prudential promises to hold the money in safekeeping for as long as families would like , saying it will pay them 0.5 percent interest . ”
Bloomberg continues : “ What Prudential does n't say is that it ’s keeping survivors ’ money in Prudential ’s corporate investment account . …
Nor are families told that they could earn more than twice as much interest by opening FDIC - insured money market accounts at banks across the country . ”
In a response to Bloomberg , Prudential spokesman Bob DeFillippo said : “ For some families , the account is the difference between earning interest on a large amount of money and letting it sit idle . ”
MetLife spokesman Joseph Madden told magazine : “ The feedback from customers has been overwhelmingly positive .
...
We afford beneficiaries security , peace of mind and time to make an informed decision — while earning interest in the interim . ”
This article tagged under : Insurers
Bloomberg
Troops
Sharp eyed ( eared ? )
Roberto Baldwin of MacLife.com caught a bizarre discrepancy between the on-air showing of this week ’s episode of Futurama , and the one that was posted online afterward : the audio of the final joke of the show was completely removed .
The last joke was the only one in the show that was specifically about … uh .
Well , I guess it ’s kind of a punchline , so we ’ll talk about it after the jump .
It was specifically about the iPhone 4g , and not the iPhone , or Apple in general .
However , almost the entire show lampooned Apple ( although Twitter also took it ’s fair share of knocks ) .
It ’s kind of puzzling that Comedy Central would feel it had to remove this joke , in the presence of all the others .
Here ’s the original clip :
And here ’s the online version :
( via MacLife.com )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
Quote : Originally Posted by maejrep Originally Posted by Other tips :
copy the built wifi and wimax modules over to / system / lib / mobules .
" make " builds them automatically :
Code : ./ drivers/net/wireless/bcm4329_204/bcm4329.ko ./drivers/net/wimax/SQN/sequans_sdio.ko
Quote : Originally Posted by netarchy Originally Posted by Alternatively you could cd supersonic - 2.6.29-e1 cabff5 , adb pull / proc/ config.gz && zcat config.gz > . config ( with your phone hooked up via usb to snag the config it 's currently using in case it 's different from the default ) , and then do your make .
The EVO 4G Source is listed on http://developer.htc.com
Mirrors are here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=718136
Steps I used to build and deploy a kernel built from this source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/show...9&postcount=91
You will need a development environment , steps I used to build a Ubuntu development environment in VirtualBox ( stop at step 7 ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/show...&postcount=100
I have n't tested this , but instead of copying over the default supersonic config ( supersonic_defconfig ) , you can try this
Under criticism for being the world 's most exploited application , Adobe Systems '
Reader program will soon include a security design that 's intended to thwart malicious attacks against end users .
Borrowing a page from engineers at Microsoft and Google , Adobe is adding the a so - called sandbox feature to Adobe Reader for Windows operating systems .
The protected mode will run by default to force the document reader to run in a highly restricted environment that prevents the underlying PC from carrying out sensitive functions .
Installing and deleting files , modifying the system registry and launching other programs will no longer be possible under most circumstances .
“ The idea is to run the application with lower rights so that even if a bad guy figures out how to take over a process , they can't do much with it , ” Brad Arkin , Adobe 's senior director of product security and privacy , told El Reg .
“ The benefit to our customers is it adds another layer of defense so that even if there is a vulnerability that someone is able to exploit , the impact of that attack is diminished . ”
Over the past 18 months , Reader users have been repeatedly hammered by hackers pushing attack code that targets unpatched security bugs in the application .
In March , Reader edged out Microsoft Word as the most exploited application , according to anti-virus provider F - Secure .
Three weeks ago , Adobe pushed out an emergency update to patch at least two vulnerabilities that were being actively attacked in the wild to install malware on end user machines .
The addition of the sandbox architecture can be viewed as similar to adding airbags to a car .
It wo n't purge Reader of bugs , just as airbags are n't intended to prevent accidents .
Instead ,
Adobe hopes the new design will lessen the damage that can result when vulnerabilities are identified .
Instead of leading to remote code execution – the holy grail sought by malware purveyors – the bugs would at worst result in a crash of the application .
“ We 've done everything we can to build the walls of that sandbox as tall as possible , ” Arkin said .
“ We 're not sure how the offensive community will react .
They may move on to a different product and attack QuickTime instead , or they may look at other applications that are easier to attack .
Or they may find clever ways to carry out some type of malicious activity against Reader which are quite different than the attack techniques that they use today . ”
Of the dozen or so real - world attacks that have exploited vulnerabilities in versions 8 and 9 of Reader , none of them would have succeeded against the application had it employed the sandbox , Arkin said .
For help , Adobe engineers turned to their counterparts at Microsoft and Google .
Microsoft has employed the technology in Office , while Google has it in its Chrome browser .
Chrome was the only browser entered into this year 's Pwn2 Own hacker conference that emerged unscathed , and researchers widely credited the sandbox as the reason why .
Arkin said the sandbox will debut with the next major revision of Reader , which he expects to ship sometime this year .
The design will initially block all functions that write to the underlying operating system , a feature that will prevent the remote installation of software on vulnerable machines .
Eventually the sandbox will be extended to allow read - only activities , which Arkin said would help prevent more sophisticated attacks such as memory - resident exploits .
Adobe has been working on the new design in earnest for almost a year .
In addition to Microsoft and Google , it has also sought help from third - party security consultancies and customers .
Adobe has no plans at the moment to deploy a sandbox feature for Reader versions running on Max OS X or Unix .
There are no plans to add a similar feature to Flash Player , the other Adobe application that has come under repeated attack , although users of Windows Vista and Windows 7 have a protected mode for Internet Explorer plugins that includes Flash .
Adobe has more here and here . ®
Emiliano Zapata .
[ This article first appeared in Against the Current , the publication of Solidarity , a revolutionary socialist , feminist magazine in the United States .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with the author 's permission .
Dan La Botz is the Socialist Party ( USA ) 's Ohio candidate for the US Senate .
He also is the editor of Mexican Labor News and Analysis .
The second part appears HERE . ]
By Dan La Botz
2010 marks 100 years since the beginning of the Mexican Revolution .
The revolution , which began in 1910 and ended in 1940 , transformed Mexico .
During the course of those 30 years , tens of thousands of men and women fought in battles in many regions of the country to end the Porfirian Díaz dictatorship and to determine the course and goals of the revolution that had overthrown it .
In a nation of 15 million , a shocking 1 million were killed while 2 million migrated to the United States to escape the violence ( many of them subsequently returning ) , a movement which established the paths of future migrations .
(1)
As a result of the revolution , Mexico ’s fundamental economic institutions were transformed as the basic agricultural production unit , the hacienda , was abolished and the foreign - owned oil industry was nationalised .
Mexico established public schools , recognised labour unions and distributed land to peasant villages and Indigenous communities .
The revolution , in which women had participated as both followers and sometimes political and even military leaders , would also begin to break the hold of both local and Spanish Catholic patriarchy , though the full realisation of women ’s rights would be a longer process .
( 2)
After intense political and military struggles in the 1910s among various rival political , economic and social groups , the working class and the peasantry were ultimately defeated and subordinated to new masters .
There emerged a new ruling elite which promoted a more modern state , a renovated capitalist economic system , an original nationalist ideology and a new official culture .
Yet even as that new elite consolidated its power in the 1920s and 1930s , the workers ’ and peasants ’ experience of revolutionary struggle and the lessons learned from their earlier defeat , together with the appearance of new revolutionary ideologies and methods , left a legacy of radical populism influenced by socialism , and led to new agrarian reform , labour , democratic and socialist movements .
While the revolutionary state consolidated and institutionalised itself — eventually creating the notorious oxymoron of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) — nonetheless in the 1920s and ’30s and throughout the 1940s and 1950s small revolutionary outbursts occurred .
By the 1960s , the country had been utterly transformed by both the successes and the failures of the revolution , meaning that a new set of social issues and conflicts had arisen and a new left appeared with the goal of organising a new revolution in Mexico .
Porfirio Díaz : the dictator
We cannot begin to enter into the important discussion and debate about the Mexican Revolution of 1910 to 1940 and its significance without first providing a basic narrative of events .
The revolution began as an attempt to overturn Porfirio Díaz , the hero of an earlier revolution turned dictator .
During the 19th century , Mexico ’s liberals , who wanted a free market capitalist country like England or the United States , battled the conservatives , who wanted a country more like Spain with its monarchy , powerful Catholic Church , and feudal hierarchy .
Díaz fought alongside Mexico's President Benito Juárez , on behalf of the liberals , and then against the French intervention brought on by the conservatives .
When the dust of 20 years of warfare settled , Díaz had emerged as a leading general and then became president in 1876 .
Thirty - four years later , he was still in the presidential palace in Mexico City , a city which he remade in the image of Paris , with great department stores , elegant apartment buildings with mansard roofs , and a new Palace of Fine Arts modelled after the Paris Opera .
In Porfirian Mexico City the bourgeoisie rode in carriages and motor cars through the streets , while workers trudged between factory and barrio , and the Indians were banned from the parks and pushed off the sidewalks .
Once a revolutionary general , Díaz had become a reactionary .
Despite his liberal principles , he reestablished peace with the Catholic Church and with the defeated conservative elite .
He surrounded himself with a group of financiers and businessmen who called themselves in positivist jargon Los Científicos — the scientific ones — men who protected and enhanced their haciendas and promoted the economic development of Mexico through the encouragement of foreign investment .
Before Díaz , the country had been dominated by centrifugal forces and tended to fly into pieces : Guatemala flying off in the south , Texas toward the north , and the Yucatan Mayans fighting for independence in the southeast .
Díaz bound the country together with the railroads built by the Americans and the British , which held Mexico together like the steel bands around the wooden staves of a barrel , and with his army and police .
Díaz encouraged investment in the railroads and other industries with some trepidation , once remarking , “ Poor Mexico , so far from God , so close to the United States . ”
Yet there seemed no alternative , so he threw open the doors to US investors such as Guggenheim , Rockefeller and then ASARCO , which bought mines throughout the north of the country , to men like the American Edward L. Doheny and the British Lord Cowdray who discovered oil on the Gulf coast , and to the International Harvester company that controlled the henequen plantations of the Yucatan .
William Randolph Hearst bought an enormous ranch in Chihuahua , the Wrigley family controlled the chicle for its chewing gum .
To counterbalance the US corporations in Mexico , Díaz encouraged the British and French to invest , as the Germans watched with envy , looking for an opening .
It was a dangerous game .
With his army of Federales and his rural police force , the Rurales , Díaz protected the hacienda owners as they took land from the villages until most peasants had been reduced from small proprietors to day labourers .
Díaz crushed his political opponents , suppressed the labour unions and waged war on and defeated the Yaquis and other Indigenous groups , selling some into slavery .
The foreign - owned railroads carried Mexico ’s wealth to the United States and Europe , and carried the army and police to suppress the restive and rebellious among those from whom the wealth had been taken .
( 3 )
Díaz approached 1910 , the anniversary of the Mexican Independence Revolution of 1810 , making elaborate preparations to see his long rule celebrated and lauded as the culmination of Mexico ’s history .
Things would turn out otherwise .
The failed anarcho - syndicalist revolution
The Mexican Revolution may be said to have begun as a critical movement within liberalism itself .
Liberalism in that era meant the bourgeois state ’s parliamentary democracy and the capitalist free market , but it also meant the critical tradition of the Enlightenment .
Developing that critical strain , the brothers Enrique and Ricardo Flores Magón established the Mexican Liberal Party ( PLM ) , which at first criticised the Porfirian dictatorship for its lack of democracy and rights but then developed an anarchist or anarcho - syndicalist ideology that found favour among the labouring classes .
The PLM led its followers in the working class in a series of strikes and uprisings against the dictatorship in 1906 , but in all cases were defeated .
Persecuted by Díaz , the Flores Magón brothers fled to the United States , but there were jailed by the US administration of William Howard Taft as a favour to the dictator .
A later PLM attempt to seize Baja California — in alliance with the Industrial Workers of the World and soldiers of fortune — would lead to the accusation that the Floresmagonistas had led an US invasion of Mexico .
(4) Although the PLM as an organisation thereafter was unable to influence the future course of the revolution , its former followers became leaders in other revolutionary factions and its ideas of workers ' and peasants ' power continued to inspire many throughout the revolutionary period and long after .
While Mexico ’s opposition developed a radical critique of the regime and started to elaborate a vision of an alternative , as has often been noted there was no revolutionary theory and no revolutionary party of national scope , at least not in the same sense as there were in Europe at the time .
While one could find revolutionary movements of national scope , intellectual depth and great social breadth throughout Europe — socialist in the north and anarchist in the south — in Mexico , largely because of the country ’s relative economic backwardness , revolutionary ideas were common only in some regions , tended to be less developed , and had much less of an organised following .
Moreover , as in Europe , North America and Asia , nationalism tended to overwhelm socialism and reformism worked to dilute it .
The opening of the democratic revolution
The Mexican Revolution began in 1910 as a struggle between two sections of the country ’s capitalist class : the oligarchy of old wealth around Porfirio Díaz on the one hand , and a new modernising bourgeoisie particularly strong in northern Mexico on the other .
Francisco Madero , scion of a wealthy landholding family which also possessed mines and factories , inaugurated the revolution .
Madero , whose section of the Mexican bourgeoisie had been largely excluded from Porfirio Díaz ’s ruling circle , hoped to create a bourgeois democracy in which the interests of hacienda landlords and industrialists from both the old oligarchy and the modernisers might be reconciled .
When in 1908 James Creelman , a US journalist , published an interview with Díaz in which the dictator suggested that Mexico was ready for democracy and that he might step down , Madero decided to run for office .
A spiritualist mystic who believed he was destined to lead the struggle to transform Mexico , Madero wrote The Presidential Succession ( 1908 ) and , challenging the dictator ’s fraudulent elections , adopted as his slogan “ Effective suffrage and no reelection ” .
In April 1910 the Anti-Reelectionist Party nominated him as its presidential candidate .
( 5 )
While he talked principally about political democracy , Madero also raised the idea of agrarian reform , and it was that which brought the country ’s rural masses to his side .
Madero ’s movement was soon swelled with people who saw in his campaign not only a chance for the political democracy that they sought , but also an opportunity to struggle for more fundamental social change .
When he said “ democracy ” , everywhere the peasants heard “ land ” .
No sooner had Madero ’s campaign begun , however , than Díaz changed his mind about a democratic opening and in June of 1910 ordered Madero arrested and jailed .
With the help of his wealthy and politically connected family , Madero escaped to San Antonio , Texas , then returned to Mexico and issued his manifesto , the Plan of San Luis Potosí .
The plan laid out his vision of political democracy — emphasising the issue of no re-election — and called upon the Mexican people to rise up in revolution on November 20 , 1910 .
Unable to wait for the appointed hour , some rose up on November 18 , opening a period of 10 years of tremendous violence and destruction followed by 20 years of revolutionary transformation of Mexico .
While Madero himself personally led an attack on Casas Grandes , Chihuahua , he was primarily a political rather than a military leader .
It was his allies , principally the armies of Pascual Orozco , Francisco “ Pancho ” Villa and Emiliano Zapata , who soon defeated Díaz ’s army .
In May 1911 , after Madero ’s forces captured the important border town of Ciudad Juarez , the opposing sides signed a treaty as Díaz left for France and an interim president took power .
Madero entered Mexico City in triumph on June 7 , 1911 , but his bourgeois democracy soon came into conflict with the peasants and their desire for land .
From democratic toward social revolution
The outbreak of the revolution in November 1910 changed the entire scenario throughout much of the country .
Tens of thousands of Mexico ’s 15 million inhabitants , longing for democracy and also wanting economic and social justice , began to rally to the revolutionary cause .
Suddenly , as in all such revolutionary upheavals , new leaders appeared seemingly out of nowhere , raising armies out of the ranchos and villages which came out marching and riding , singing and shooting .
Francisco “ Pancho ” Villa .
In the north , Francisco “ Pancho ” Villa and Pascual Orozco led bands of small farmers , ranch hands , miners and railroad workers , while in the south the horse trainer Emiliano Zapata headed an army of peasants reduced to day labourers who , during the Díaz regime , had lost their land to the sugar plantations .
Other revolutionary leaders , however , particularly in the northern states of Sonora and Coahuila — Álvaro Obregon , Plutarco Elias Calles and Venustiano Carranza — were , like Madero , part of a modernising capitalist class , wealthy ranchers , farmers and mine owners , who wanted a greater voice in government for their segment of the country ’s bourgeoisie .
Following the overthrow of Díaz , Francisco de la Barra , a member of Mexico ’s old elite , served briefly as president , giving the old régime an opportunity to reorganise .
In the country ’s first free elections , Madero was elected president and assumed power in November 1911 , though as head of what remained of the Porfirian state .
More anxious to placate his enemies than to advance the program of his allies , he filled his cabinet with Díaz supporters .
Still he faced immediate rebellion on the right , when in December 1911 Bernardo Reyes , one of Díaz ’s generals , led a rebellion based in Nuevo Leon .
Less than a year later , Madero faced another right - wing rebellion in the Gulf state of Veracruz led by Félix Díaz , nephew of the deposed dictator .
Madero ’s new government also failed to please the masses to his left .
While Mexico ’s bourgeoisie wanted to turn back the tide of revolution before it threatened their haciendas and mines , the plebeian revolutionaries wanted land , labour unions , public schools and greater control over the country ’s resources , which were largely in the hands of foreign capitalists .
When Madero temporised on the issue of agrarian reform , Emiliano Zapata broke with the new government and issued the Plan de Ayala , a manifesto demanding that hacienda land be turned over to the peasant communities .
He called upon his armed followers to take the land from the hacienda owners and distribute it among their communities .
By November 1911 , Zapata and his troops were at war with Madero ’s government .
In the north , Pascual Orozco also broke with Madero after being requested to lead his troops against Zapata .
Orozco ’s followers — mine workers , railroad workers and ranch hands — wanted better working conditions , in particular wages paid in cash not scrip , demands Madero had neglected .
With the emergence of these mass , armed movements of peasants and workers , the broad outlines of the Mexican Revolution ’s great themes suddenly appeared .
While Madero sought a democratic revolution that would create a parliamentary democracy and greater power for northern capitalists , the soldiers who made up the revolutionary armies in the field wanted land above all .
Orozco and Villa in the north provided the great battalions of the revolution , but Zapata ’s movement provided the dominant idea : immediate agrarian reform , or , in his words , “ the land to those who work it ” taken and held by men with rifles in their hands .
Second , in what would be the country ’s last great battle with the Catholic Church , the demand for free , public , lay education also became central .
Third , the mostly anarchist - led labour unions , which had been suppressed under Díaz , fought for their prerogatives , too , insisting on the right to organise and to strike , and demanded protective legislation for workers .
Fourth , the dominance of foreign corporations in Mexican industry and agriculture — particularly in mining and petroleum — led the opposition to the conclusion that the natural resources of Mexico should belong to its people .
Those four issues — land , unions , education and ownership of minerals and oil — would be at the centre of the revolutionary struggle for the next three decades .
US intervention and Carranza ’s revolution
Madero ’s weak government and its failure to suppress the revolts that had broken out against it in the north and the south worried both Mexican capitalists and foreign investors .
They feared that Madero would be swept from power by the workers and peasants who had turned against him , leading to chaos or some more radical revolution .
Those considerations led US President William Howard Taft ’s ambassador to Mexico , Henry Lane Wilson , working with the European ambassadors and members of the Mexican military and political elite , to organise a coup d’etat to overthrow Madero .
There followed what are known as the “ ten tragic days ” of fighting in Mexico City during which Lane ’s counter - revolutionary movement captured and murdered Madero .
Following a meeting at the US embassy , General Victoriano Huerta became the new president of Mexico .
While he headed a counter - revolutionary movement , Huerta and his backers recognised that he could not turn the clock back .
He offered reforms to the revolutionaries , and persuaded some of them , such as Pascual Orozco , to go over to his side .
He promised Orozco and his working - class followers an end to the hated tienda de raya , the company store .
At the same time , Huerta mobilised the most brutal repression of Emiliano Zapata ’s Liberating Army of the South .
Huerta ’s regime , mixing counter - revolution and reform , would prove too shallow and too unstable to survive , as throughout the country many of the same forces that had risen up against Díaz now rose up against Huerta in the revolution ’s second great upheaval , one that churned up whole new layers of rebels .
A new broad revolutionary movement developed .
Venustiano Carranza of Coahuila , the son of a middle - class rancher who had been educated in Mexico City to become part of the political elite , would emerge as the principal figure .
He had once led a ranchers ’ rebellion against Díaz ’s choice of governor at the turn of the century , but despite his involvement in that brief revolt , he made peace with the dictator .
Later , however , he became disgruntled after the dictator declined to choose him as candidate for the Senate .
Carranza then joined Madero ’s rebellion .
After Madero ’s murder , Carranza stepped forward to replace the martyred president as the leader of the modernising capitalist rebellion in the north .
On March 23 , 1913 , Carranza issued the Plan de Guadalupe which promised a return to the Mexican constitution of 1857 , but dropped all references to the social reform program that had been sketched out in Madero ’s Plan de San Luis Potosí .
Once he took on the role of Primer Jefe ( First Chief ) , Carranza would be distinguished by his determination to build a new state to replace the one that was being demolished in the course of the revolution .
Fighting against Huerta were a number of revolutionary leaders , though not all of them had signed on to Carranza ’s political program .
With Orozco having gone over to Huerta , Pancho Villa now became the leader of the largest revolutionary armies in the north , the Division of the North , with its famous cavalary , los Dorados , the Golden Ones .
In the state of Sonora in the northwest , Álvaro Obregón , a wealthy farmer , and Plutarco Elías Calles , a former bartender and school teacher who under Madero ’s government had risen to become a local police commissioner , led large forces .
Finally , Zapata ’s Liberating Army of the South in Morelos , operating independently , remained the champions of the country ’s peasantry .
These revolutionary generals and their followers would decide the future of the Mexican Revolution .
While Huerta had initially come to power as a result of the coup organised by US ambassador Henry Lane Wilson , he soon fell out of favour with the newly elected government of US President Woodrow Wilson .
( The two Wilsons were not related . )
Huerta , it turned out , had been drawn into the orbit of the British government through its new ambassador to Mexico , Lionel Carden , an outspoken critic of Woodrow Wilson .
Carden worked to protect Lord Cowdray ’s oil interests in the Gulf coast and so President Wilson , fearful that Huerta would promote British interests above those of the United States , ordered the US occupation of the Mexican ports of Veracruz and Tampico to prevent the arrival of a German ship carrying arms to Huerta .
At the same time , President Wilson facilitated arms shipments to Pancho Villa in the north .
The combination of the revolutionary movement in Mexico and the US intervention soon led to the overthrow of the Huerta government .
By July 1914 , Huerta had been forced to resign the presidency and left the country for exile .
The revolution divided
The overthrow of Huerta , however , did not lead to a new revolutionary government .
Quite the contrary , in 1914 the Mexican Revolution was now divided into two rival currents : one bourgeois and the other plebeian .
Carranza ’s constitutionalist forces aimed to create a new nationalist state which could provide stability for both the modernising Mexican bourgeoisie and foreign investors , while the conventionists , led by Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata , desired to carry out the democratic and social reforms demanded by the country ’s peasants and workers .
The Mexican Revolution would revolve for the next five years around the struggle between those forces which sought to construct a new a capitalist state and those leading a plebeian revolution which sought land reform , labour unions and schools .
The names of these groups — conventionists and constitutionalists — derived from two major conferences held by revolutionary leaders .
The Convention , though originally called by Carranza for Mexico City , eventually took place in Aguascalientes in October and November of 1914 and was dominated by Villistas and Zapatistas .
Practically the first order of business was to turn its back on Carranza and elect Eulalio Gutiérrez president .
Villa was made commander - in - chief and immediately went to war against Carranza .
By mid-December Villa and Zapata occupied Mexico City , their troops sipping coffee in the elite Sanborn cafe .
The two revolutionary generals , heading armies of ranchers , peasants and workers failed , however , to consolidate their power .
Villa ’s army returned to the north , while Zapata ’s peasants made their way back to the south .
The old Porfirian state had been destroyed , but the plebeian forces failed to create a new political party or a new state in their own image .
Carranza would quickly move to fill that political vacuum .
The constitutionalists would win the civil war in large measure because they understood the significance of the labour movement , which was not only a force in every major city , but also on the railroads , on the docks and in the mines .
Urged on by Obregón and Calles , Carranza negotiated an agreement in 1914 with the anarchist Casa del Obrero Mundial ( House of the World Worker ) .
The Casa agreed to back Carranza ’s government in exchange for government support for the unions .
Some of the anarcho - syndicalists rejected the agreement and went off to join Emiliano Zapata and his peasant revolution , but other unions provided Red Batallions which would be used to fight him .
Carranza ’s pact with the unions divided workers from peasants , and initiated a long history of state tutelage of organised labour .
The superiority of Carranza ’s forces was soon demonstrated .
At the Battle of Celaya on April 13 , 1915 , General Álvaro Obregón won a decisive victory over Villa , and from then on the constitutionalists dominated the military struggle that would , nevertheless , last another five years .
At the same time , Woodrow Wilson ’s government , which had been supporting Pancho Villa , broke with him .
(6 ) Contemplating the possible entry of the United States into World War I , which had broken out in Europe , on October 19 Wilson decided to recognise Carranza as the ruler of Mexico .
Carranza ’s forces now had an overwhelming military advantage , though they could not defeat the revolution ’s left wing unless they had sufficiently broad support within Mexican society .
With his opponents on the run , Carranza called a constitutional convention in the city of Querétaro for September 1916 .
His intention was to have the assembly ratify the liberal constitution of 1857 and eliminate or update some of its more antiquated sections .
When the convention convened , however , Carranza found that his more conservative delegates , numbering around 80 , were outnumbered by more than 130 radicals .
While Carranza ’s armies had been successful in defeating the forces of Villa and Zapata , they had not been able to defeat their program which had seeped into the constitutionalists ’ own camp .
While Carranza and his delegates represented the interests of wealthy land owners and industrialists , many of the other delegates were generals leading plebeian armies who would be satisfied with nothing less than profound economic , social and political reforms embodied in a new constitution .
Carranza and his advisors soon recognised that if the revolution was to be brought to a conclusion , they would have to yield — at least on paper — to the plebeian demands , or the revolutionary forces would fracture once again .
The heated debates and negotiations of the convention lasted six months and finally produced a new constitution which settled in law — if not in fact — the principal issues of the revolution .
Article 27 provided for the breakup of the haciendas and the distribution of land to peasant and Indigenous communities , and all declared that the subsoil of Mexico belonged to its people .
Article 123 gave workers the right to organise unions and strike , and created protective legislation .
Article 3 ended the Catholic Church ’s control of education , creating free , lay public schools , while Article 130 virtually banned the church from Mexican politics and society .
In May of 1917 , Carranza became the new Mexican Republic ’s first president .
Controlling labour : the Sonoran dynasty
Carranza ’s forces continued to make military gains , most important the capture and assassination of Emiliano Zapata on April 10 , 1919 .
Meanwhile , however , the Sonoran generals — Obregón , Calles and Adolfo de la Huerta ( not to be confused with the counter - revolutionary Victoriano Huerta ) — who stood to the left of Carranza , had lost confidence in the First Chief .
On April 23 , 1920 , they promulgated a new revolutionary manifesto , the Plan de Agua Prieta , rallying most of the revolutionary generals to their side .
The struggle was now between the wealthy capitalists and the petty - bourgeois radicals .
On May 21 , 1920 , the rebel forces captured and killed Carranza in the village of Tlaxcalantongo , and General Obregón took power , finally ending a decade of constant warfare and establishing a new revolutionary government .
Obregón became president , holding office from 1920 to 1924 , when he was succeeded by his comrade - in - arms Plutarco Elías Calles , who presided over the nation from 1924 to 1928 .
With virtually identical politics — one writer has called them the two - headed president — they worked to establish the new state ’s social and political basis .
( 7 )
Much of the Porfirian bourgeoisie having fled the country and with the rest of the capitalist class politically disoriented and demoralised , Obregón could count only on the revolutionary army for support as he took power , but he recognised that that was too narrow a basis for building a new state and for controlling the society .
He therefore set about subduing and subordinating the labour unions and peasant organisations and turning them into the new regime ’s social support .
With Zapata dead , Obregón negotiated with the Zapatat 's remaining leaders the distribution of land to their followers in the state of Morelos , thus eliminating what had been one of the principal problems of his predecessors .
Then , working with and around the imperial ambitions of Samuel Gompers of the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) , he worked to transform the old anarcho - syndicalist labour movement into business unionists .
Luis N. Morones of the Regional Confederation of Mexican Labor ( CROM ) would become one of Obregón ’s most stalwart backers , and Obregón and later Calles would help him to defeat the anarchist and the new Communist Party union movement .
Obregón chose the radical conventionist intellectual José Vasconcelos to become first regent of the University of Mexico and then secretary of education , and Vasconcelos in turn would hire the communist painter Diego Rivera to decorate the National Palace and the Department of Education .
Finally , in order to prevent the United States from overturning the new revolutionary government , the two governments signed the Bucareli Accords , a treaty in which Mexico agreed to pay war claims and debts to the United States and promised not to expropriate the foreign oil companies .
The Mexican Revolution — though still not over — would have an eight - year truce during which it would begin the process of reconstruction , while the balance between state - building and the plebeian demands for reform continued to remain fluid and unresolved .
After only eight years of relative stability , however , the assassination of Obregón in 1928 and the arrival of the Great Depression in 1929 would threaten to return Mexico to the violence and destruction of the previous decade .
Notes
1 . One million migrated during the violent years of the revolution between 1910 and 1920 and another one million migrated during the Cristero Rebellion , the war between the Mexican government and the Catholic Church between 1928 and 1934 .
2. Mexican women would not win the right to vote in national elections until 1953 and could not vote in a presidential election until 1958 .
3. James D. Cockroft , Mexico : Class Formation , Capital Accumulation , and the State ( New York : Monthly Review , 1983 ) , passim ; John Mason Hart , Empire and Revolution : The Americans in Mexico since the Civil War ( Berkeley : University of California Press , 2002 ) , passim .
4. Lawrence Taylor , La gran aventura en México ( Mexico City : Consejo Nacional para la Cultura y las Artes , 1993 ) , Vol. I , Chapter 2 “ La Ofensiva Magonista ” , 139-256 .
5. Francisco Madero , The Presidential Succession in Mexico ( New York : P. Lang , 1990 ) , [ 1908 ] .
6. Adolfo Gilly , La Revolución Interrumpida , Mexico City : el Caballito , 1971 .
7. Manuel Aguilar Mora , El Bonapartismo Mexicano , Mexico , Juan Pablos Editor , 1982 .
An article in Psychology Today says procrastination creates stress , anxiety and depression .
But how do you stop putting off that dreaded task ?
Just do it - for at least 10 minutes .
Acknowledge , " I do n't feel like doing that , " but do it for 10 minutes anyway .
That gets you over the hard work of initiation .
After being involved in the activity for 10 minutes , then decide whether to continue .
Once you 're involved , it 's easier to stay with a task .
Succeeding at a task does not require that you like doing it .
Advertisement
I can personally attest that this works .
I keep a timer on my desk and whenever I feel myself dragging my feet on something , I set it and go .
It 's amazing how much easier tasks turn out to be when you do n't build them up to be these huge faceless monsters in your mind .
How do you beat procrastination ?
Let us know in the comments or to tips at lifehacker.com .
Getting Out From Under [ Psychology Today ]
Warren Spector is famous for championing the cause of player choice in games -- a philosophy summed up by the phrase " Play Style Matters " .
This kind of play most famously rose to prominence in Spector and Ion Storm 's 2000 game , Deus Ex .
With that game being hard - boiled sci- fi -- and with many gamers assuming that player choice was tied up with adult - oriented scenarios -- it was more than a little surprising to many when the designer 's studio , Junction Point , was bought by Disney Interactive ; more surprising yet was when the team announced its first game : Disney Epic Mickey .
However , as it turns out , Epic Mickey explores this style of play thoroughly , as Spector demonstrated on stage at Nintendo 's E3 press conference last month .
As Mickey Mouse , players will have the choice to create or destroy the game 's world and inhabitants while on their quest .
Here , Spector talks in depth about how this kind of game design is his creative mission in life , and how he thinks it has a chance for expanding the audience for games despite its apparent complexity .
The inspiration for the paint thinner game mechanic is clear , but what made you decide to implement it ?
Warren Spector :
When we tried to figure out what is kind of the heart of Mickey Mouse , there 's this reasonably well - defined personality , actually -- you know , smart , resourceful , loyal to his friends , never gives up , enthusiastic to a point of getting himself in trouble sometimes , and clearly mischievous at times .
But beyond being true to that personality , I needed to find out what the core of the character was .
I was talking to some other folks here at the office , and we kind of figured out that we need to remind Mickey , and remind the world , that he was a cartoon character , not a human , obviously .
Not a real mouse .
And so that was the next step -- like , what does it mean to remind a cartoon character that they 're a cartoon ?
And among other things -- you know it was a group of three of us actually -- [ we ] came to the conclusion that cartoon characters are made of paint , you know they squash and stretch when they move , they 're not subjected to the same laws of physics that we are , and would n't it be cool if we gave a cartoon character control over the stuff of which he is made ?
And so that was Mickey -- hey , let 's give him control over his paint , his own paint .
And then the next step was identifying , how do we make this game fit within my personal game design philosophy and the studio's mission -- which is about choice of consequence and play style mattering .
And so we started thinking , " Well , what 's the opposite of paint ? " and well , you know , it 's paint thinner .
When an artist draws something , they paint something , they use paint .
If they paint something they do n't like , they get some turpentine on a rag and they erase it .
So that was kind of the yin and yang of it : give Mickey control over what he 's made of , the same way that an artist or animator would take control of a character that he 's creating on in the real world .
Seems that , in some ways , the game is breaking that fourth wall a little bit .
WS : Certainly , to some extent .
Yeah , it 's not like Chuck Jones did with Duck Amuck .
Certainly , animation fans are going to see things , Disney fans are going to find things , that they understand on a somewhat different level .
And part of that is a self - consciousness on the part of some of the characters , that they are creating things in an artificial world .
I have n't actually talked about that , so that 's one of the foundational elements of the world ; that the characters of Wasteland actually have an awareness of who and what they are , which I find really interesting , and hope to play with in the future .
From a technical standpoint , it 's pretty impressive .
Have you found the relatively limited processing power of the Wii a burden , or have you found it forces you to be more creative ?
WS : Constraints always push you to be more creative .
I mean whatever the constraints are , whether it's the constraints of a license , the constraints of a piece of hardware , I mean , no creative act is made better by being constraint free .
I remember in 1989 when I started working with Richard Garriott on Ultima VI , we were talking about all sorts of crazy things , putting spaceships in Ultima again , and all of that .
And I said , " you know , John Ford is one of the great American film directors .
John Ford did n't need a 747 landing in the desert to make the best films of all time , the best Western films " .
So you know creativity only happens when you accept constraints .
And so I took that as a challenge .
I told the team very early on that at some point we 're going to be at E3 and there are going to be 2,500 games on the floor , which means you 're going to have about five seconds of someone running from one booth to another , five seconds to look , and get her to pay attention to your game , and I want our game to look unlike any other game .
You know , we 're not going to be brown world or gray world or blue world or whatever that 's hot this year , we 're going to do something that clearly jumps out and says " we are a Disney game " .
And then , the next thing people say when they stop and stare is , " Holy cow , I can't believe they did that on the Wii .
How did they do that ? " .
And you know , it 's not for me to say whether we succeed or not , it 's for you to say .
I look at the game now and I am in awe of what this team pulled off , from a technical standpoint , or a graphical standpoint , and from a gameplay stand point .
You know , the graphics may be different , the hero may be different , the fiction may be different , but there 's some real Deus Ex-y gameplay in this , if people will give Mickey a chance .
I think we 've made it work , and the Wii is a terrific piece of hardware , and Nintendo's a great company .
It 's been great working with them .
Defending Clients Against Even the Most Serious of Charges
Any criminal charge can have a significant negative impact on your life , finances , and future .
If you have been charged with a crime in the Gainesville area , you need the assistance of an experienced criminal defense attorney who will zealously fight for your legal rights .
At The Law Office of Silverman , Mack & Associates , our former prosecutor team of experienced litigators will vigorously defend against even the most serious of charges .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
Recent reading scores demonstrate what educators have long known : far more girls read at grade level than boys .
As part of our Read Today literacy project , we asked :
What should we be doing differently to help boys ?
Boys like science and silly ; and when it comes to books , they do n't like the same ones the girls do .
But the differences do n't end there .
New national reading scores show while 73 percent of Utah 's fourth grade girls read at or above grade level , only 64 percent of boys do .
" There are clear differences -- chemical , genetic , differences between boys and girls , thank heaven .
And they affect learning , there 's no question about it , " says Reed Spencer , with the Utah State Office of Education .
So , while the numbers are n't surprising , they are concerning , given that reading is such a fundamental skill .
What should parents do to help boys in particular ?
Education leaders gave us the Three S's .
First , Summarize .
" The number one secret to this is to encourage your kids , in fact ; kind of insist that they summarize what they 're reading , " Spencer says .
Second , Summer Reading .
" If kids continue to read daily over the summer , they do n't regress regardless of their background , " Spencer says .
Third , Spider Stories .
" [ Read about ] spiders and bugs and earthquakes and fungus and every fun thing there is , " Spencer says .
" Boys really respond to those . "
The governor 's office has distributed summer reading calendars to every Utah elementary school .
In it , you 'll find more reading tips , book lists and a Happy Meal coupon for kids who do their reading .
If you did n't get a calendar at school , they 're available online by clicking HERE and at all Deseret Book locations .
E-mail : dwimmer@ksl.com
×
Related Links
Two human fireballs burst out a door and one collapses to the sidewalk , writhing in agony .
The other remains standing and runs into a deli for help — trailing flames .
A terrified woman plunges to her death from a third - floor window to escape the inferno .
http://fpdownload.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=8,0,0,0″ id=” vxFlashPlayer2414 ″ width = ” 380 ″ height = ” 252 ″ > http://publish.vx.roo.com/nypost/viral/2010/flashembed/” />
http://publish.vx.roo.com/nypost/viral/2010/vxCore.swf&”
/>http://publish.vx.roo.com/nypost/viral/2010/flashembed/” width = ” 380 ″ height = ” 252 ″ allowScriptAccess=” always ” allowFullscreen=” true ” quality =” high ” scale = ” noScale ” wmode= ” windowed ” flashvars=”vxTemplate=http://publish.vx.roo.com/nypost/viral/2010/NYPost_Mini_Scalable.swf&vxSiteId=b0debab1-419e-413a-bc36-ecb11d2ff4f8&vxChannel=PostUsFeed&vxClipId=1458_967293&vxClickToPlay=clip&vxTint=&vxServerBase=&vxBitrate=300&vxCore=http://publish.vx.roo.com/nypost/viral/2010/vxCore.swf&” >
These horrifying scenes were all in a video shown yesterday to the Queens jury that will decide the fate of a woman who allegedly set her ex-boy friend on fire in a jealous rage and then accidentally torched herself .
As the astonishing video unreeled , Agnes Bermudez — accused of killing ex-lover William Salazar in a horrific 2008 Father ’s Day blaze that also took the lives of three other people — hunched her shoulders and wept as numbed jurors watched stone - faced .
The first nightmarish frames show the couple bursting out of the three - story building on 69th Street near Metropolitan Avenue in Middle Vil lage and Bermudez , 50 , falling to the ground .
RAW VIDEO :
She curls into a ball as flames from her body shoot into the air .
Salazar , although engulfed in flames , some how manages to stay on his feet and run into the Z - Star Deli on the ground floor of his building , desperately seeking help .
He has the presence of mind to race to the back of the shop to open the freezer door , where he searches for water .
Deli owner Mohammed Almatari and good Samaritan George Zugajewicz follow him back out carrying gallon jugs , which they pour on the flames that are consuming the couple ’s bodies .
Salazar , 32 , remains on his feet , pacing around with a dazed expression on his face , holding his head .
He died four days later in New York Hospital ’s Burn Center .
While he was waiting for medical attention , he asked a friend who survived the fire how badly hurt he was , prosecutor Jack Warshawsky revealed in his opening statement .
“ Willie [ Salazar ] asked him , ‘ How ’s my hair ?
How ’s my face ? ’
He expected an honest answer from his friend , ” Warshawsky said .
“ But he could n’t tell Willie the truth . ”
The friend lied and told the severely burned Salazar that his burns were superficial , the assistant DA said .
At one point in the video , Almatari and Salazar , whose burning apartment was on the second floor , point at three firetrucks rolling onto the street .
By then , a third - floor tenant , Flor Sandoval , 48 , was hanging from her window ,
She was frantically screaming , “ Help Me !
Help me !
Catch me in your arms , ” as people on the ground shouted up to her to hold on — because help was seconds away .
A firefighter is seen running with a ladder and placing it on the wall only moments before her body crashes onto the sidewalk .
“ All I could hear was the crack of her head on the concrete and then I saw the blood coming out , ” Zugajewicz testified a day earlier .
The video ends as firefighters helplessly surround her body .
Also killed in the blaze were Sandoval ’s husband , Heriberto Garcia , 57 , and their 20 - year - old son , Felipe Garcia Sandoval .
Prosecutors charge that Bermudez doused Salazar with carpet - cleaning solution before setting him on fire .
Salazar , who suffered burns to 50 percent of his body , identified Bermudez as his attacker to a friend at the scene , Warshawsky said .
“ Agnes is crazy .
She threw that s – – – on me and the whole place went on fire , ” Salazar told pal Sebastian Castro , according to the ADA .
Salazar ’s roommate , José Chacon , told police he ’d heard the couple arguing before the inferno .
“ Kill me , Kill me ! ” Salazar had screamed out at Bermudez before the fire broke out , Chacon said , according to Warshawsky .
“ I ’m going to kill you .
I already know about the girl , ” Chacon heard Bermudez say , Warshawsky related .
“ You think I ’m stupid ?
You ’re going to pay for this ! ”
Chacon was forced to jump from his second - floor window .
He escaped serious injury thanks to the quick - thinking Zugajewicz , who moved a Dumpster so Chacon could land softly on the garbage .
Bermudez ’s lawyer , David McGruder , said in his opening statement that it was actually Salazar , who owned a carpet - cleaning business , who had torched Bermudez .
McGruder asked State Supreme Court Justice Richard Buchter to block the release of the video to news organizations , saying — in a very unfortunate choice of words — the material was “ inflammatory . ”
McGruder said Bermudez stayed over at Salazar ’s apartment after she had met Salazar and several friends at La Kueva , a Sunnyside Latin - rock joint .
Several of the people at the club were heading back to Salazar ’s after closing time and Bermudez did n’t want to drive home to upstate Newburgh .
“ It was the biggest mistake of her life , easily , ” McGruder said .
He said Salazar later tossed the carpet - cleaning solution on Bermudez and ignited it .
william.gorta@nypost.com
In January of 1890 , six months before his death , a lengthy review of Vincent van Gogh ‘s work appeared in the highly influential French gazette , Mercure de France .
The entirely positive article is notable for two reasons , the first being that this was the only such review of the artist ’s work to be published during his lifetime ; however , also noteworthy is the response from van Gogh himself , in the form of a letter ( seen below ) written to the critic responsible : Albert Aurier .
In it , a thankful but very humble van Gogh attempts to deflect Aurier ’s praise toward his influences – namely Gauguin and Monteicelli – whilst staunchly defending the work of Jean - Louis - Ernest Meissonier .
Also mentioned are the artist ’s famous Sunflowers paintings .
Transcript and translation follow , both courtesy of the Van Gogh Museum .
Source
Transcript
Translated Transcript
Dear Mr Aurier ,
Thank you very much for your article in the Mercure de France , which greatly surprised me .
I like it very much as a work of art in itself , I feel that you create colours with your words ; anyway I rediscover my canvases in your article , but better than they really are — richer , more significant .
However , I feel ill at ease when I reflect that what you say should be applied to others rather than to me .
For example , to Monticelli above all .
Speaking of ‘he is – as far as I know – the only painter who perceives the coloration of things with such intensity , with such a metallic , gem - like quality ’ – if you will please go and see a particular bouquet by Monticelli at my brother ’s place – bouquet in white , forget - me - not blue and orange – then you will feel what I mean .
But for a long time the best , the most astonishing Monticellis , have been in Scotland , in England .
In a museum in the north however – the one in Lille I think , there must still be a marvel by him , far richer and certainly no less French than Watteau ’s Departure for Cythera .
At present Mr Lauzet is in the process of reproducing around thirty Monticellis .
Here you have it , as far as I know there is no colourist who comes so straight and directly from Delacroix ; and yet it is likely , in my opinion , that Monticelli only had Delacroix ’s colour theories at second hand ; in particular he had them from Diaz and Ziem .
It seems to me that his , Monticelli’s , artistic temperament is exactly that of the author of the Decameron – Boccaccio – a melancholy man , an unhappy , rather resigned man , seeing high society ’s party pass by , the lovers of his day , painting them , analyzing them , he – the outcast .
Oh !
He does not imitate Boccaccio any more than Henri Leys imitated the primitives .
Well , this was to say that things seem to have strayed onto my name that you would do better to say of Monticelli , to whom I owe a great deal .
Next I owe a great deal to Paul Gauguin , with whom I worked for a few months in Arles , and whom , besides , I already knew in Paris .
Gauguin , that curious artist , that stranger whose bearing and gaze vaguely recall Rembrandt ’s Portrait of a man in the La Caze gallery , that friend who likes to make one feel that a good painting should be the equivalent of a good deed , not that he says so , but anyway it is difficult to spend time with him without thinking of a certain moral responsibility .
A few days before we parted , when illness forced me to enter an asylum , I tried to paint ‘ his empty place ’ .
It is a study of his armchair of dark , red - brown wood , the seat of greenish straw , and in the absent person ’s place a lighted candlestick and some modern novels .
If you have the opportunity , as a memento of him , please go and look a little at this study again , which is entirely in broken tones of green and red .
You may perhaps then realize that your article would have been more accurate and – it would seem to me – thus more powerful – if in dealing with the question of the future ‘ painting of the tropics ’ and the question of colour , you had done justice to Gauguin and Monticelli before talking about me .
For the share that falls or will fall to me will remain , I assure you , very secondary .
And then , I would also have something else to ask of you .
Supposing that the two canvases of sunflowers that are presently at the Vingtistes have certain qualities of colour , and then also that they express an idea symbolizing ‘ gratitude ’ .
Is this any different from so many paintings of flowers that are more skilfully painted and which people do not yet sufficiently appreciate , père Quost ’s Hollyhocks , Yellow Irises ?
The magnificent bouquets of peonies which Jeannin produces in abundance ?
You see , it seems to me so difficult to separate Impressionism from other things , I cannot see the point of so much sectarian thinking as we have seen these last few years , but I fear its absurdity .
And , in closing , I declare that I do not understand that you spoke of Meissonier ’s infamies .
It is perhaps from that excellent fellow Mauve that I have inherited a boundless admiration for Meissonier ; Mauve was endless in his praise for Troyon and Meissonier – a strange combination .
This is to draw your attention to how much people abroad admire , without attaching the slightest importance to what unfortunately so often divides artists in France .
What Mauve often repeated was something like this , ‘ if you want to do colour you must also know how to draw a fireside or an interior like Meissonier ’ .
I shall add a study of cypresses for you to the next consignment I send to my brother , if you will do me the pleasure of accepting it as a memento of your article .
I am still working on it at the moment , wanting to put in a small figure .
The cypress is so characteristic of the landscape of Provence , and you sensed it when saying : ‘ even the colour black ’ .
Until now I have not been able to do them as I feel it ; in my case the emotions that take hold of me in the face of nature go as far as fainting , and then the result is a fortnight during which I am incapable of working .
However , before leaving here , I am planning to return to the fray to attack the cypresses .
The study I have intended for you depicts a group of them in the corner of a wheatfield on a summer ’s day when the mistral is blowing .
It is therefore the note of a certain blackness enveloped in blue moving in great circulating currents of air , and the vermilion of the poppies contrasts with the black note .
You will see that this constitutes more or less the combination of tones of those pretty Scottish checked cloths : green , blue , red , yellow , black , which once appeared so charming to you as they did to me , and which alas one scarcely sees any more these days .
In the meantime , dear sir , please accept my grateful thanks for your article .
If I were to come to Paris in the spring I shall certainly not fail to come and thank you in person .
Vincent v. Gogh
When the study I send you is dry right through , also in the impasto , which will not be the case for a year – I should think you would do well to give it a good coat of varnish .
And between times it should be washed several times with plenty of water to get out the oil completely .
This study is painted in full Prussian blue , that colour about which people say so many bad things and which nevertheless Delacroix used so much .
I think that once the Prussian blue tones are really dry , by varnishing you will obtain the dark , the very dark tones needed to bring out the different dark greens .
I do not quite know how this study should be framed , but as I really want it to make one think of those dear Scottish fabrics , I have noticed that a very simple flat frame , bright orange lead , creates the desired effect with the blues of the background and the dark greens of the trees .
Without this there would perhaps not be enough red in the canvas , and the upper part would appear a little cold .
Last year the New York Times published an article about a group called ‘ Ivy Plus Society , ’ essentially an Ivy league network for Ivy league graduates to get together and share like minded interests .
What the Times of course did n’t disclose is the private emails in this journal ’s possession about the ulterior reasons as to why the highly acclaimed ‘ club ’ was begun to begin with .
If one thing can be discerned from the private emails between the anonymous party and the author of this post ( displayed below ) is the fact that the founder of the organization , a Ms Jennifer Wilde Anderson according to the inside source was to simply and shamelessly meet
Ivy league men and the trust fund men worth seven figures and plus .
This it seems is the real reason why the club came about and that everything else was smoke screens .
Which begs the question what does attending Ivy League really mean and why are we still creating illusions of all inclusiveness when in fact many examples point to the calculated behavior of many individuals who are simply interested in the select benefits of the Ivy league mantra and the wealth that comes with .
A hustler ’s game one wonders …
Evidence 1 :
How unfortunate for the anthroplogy student that Ms Anderson ’s affections were n’t aimed at his mind or choice of vocation or interests but rather at his purported grand wealth .
As for Susan McShane being concerned with her alias , one begs the question why would she want to remain friendly with this group , for even she understands the callous and primal needs of Ms Anderson , the instigating individual ?
Why ?
But before we answer that question , we ought to tell you what in fact ended up happening to Ms Anderson …
ps - this is the blog Susan McShane is referring to - to be candid it elicited a lot of nasty reactions .
It ’s confirmed .
You are only desirable as long as you are a pedigree plus .
If you are looking for the best tow truck in Louisville , you need to look no further than American Truck Towing .
With an experienced tow team of trained professionals , the goal is to get your vehicle safely back on the road .
You may be wondering how you can tell if you need a tow truck towing company .
Well , there are several ways to tell the difference between a good and bad tow company .
Read on to learn about the top four signs to look for to find a quality tow company that will provide you with top - notch service .
Towing vehicles – Look at how many vehicles are being towed .
You want a company that has the ability to transport many different types of vehicles .
A top notch tow truck team will have a range of different vehicles on the road .
They have a long list of vehicles they can tow so you never have to worry about where your vehicle will end up .
How often is the towing done ?
There are many different kinds of towing .
Not all towing companies can tow vehicles for you when you need them .
Some will only tow limited number of vehicles and others only tow at specified times .
Companies that specialize in towing must pay attention to each and every vehicle they tow .
They must always have the same cars and trucks , so they can do all the necessary maintenance and routine maintenance needed .
This makes them one of the most professional towing companies in Louisville , Kentucky .
What kind of vehicle is being towed ?
You want to make sure the truck you are getting is the appropriate type for the job .
Make sure you know what size vehicle will be towed .
Also make sure that the proper towing equipment is available for the job .
You do n’t want to be driving to Louisville , Kentucky and find out that your car wo n’t fit in the truck that was being towed .
Reasonable rates – Some companies offer high dollar prices , but they are n’t the top notch companies .
They also do n’t have the equipment that you need .
Check the cost of your tow before you agree to do business with a company , so you can make sure they are offering the right price for the job .
Get the best towing service –
There are some things you can do to help determine which company is the best towing service .
Find out how many miles the towing company has driven .
They should be able to tell you how many miles per hour the towing truck will be able to get to the location of your choice .
Check and see how many towing companies they have used in the past .
You will be able to determine if they are a top notch company by their track record .
The best towing company in Louisville , Kentucky will not only make sure that your vehicle gets where it needs to go , but they will make sure that it is done efficiently and in a timely manner .
They are able to do this because they are skilled to towing vehicles of all sizes , making them one of the best towing companies in Louisville , Kentucky .
Having the best car can be hard to find .
But if you use the top notch towing service in Louisville , Kentucky , you will be able to get the most out of your vehicle .
You can save on gas and save time and money on the road because you wo n’t have to worry about where your car will be on a regular basis .
When you are looking for the top notch towing service in Louisville , Kentucky , you should check into several companies .
They can have some great options for towing services so you can keep up with your other transportation needs while you keep your vehicle safe .
So take your time and find the company that will meet your needs .
A bill that would renew extended - unemployment benefits cleared a hurdle in the Senate Tuesday , ending weeks of stalemate that had led to the expiration of federal aid to millions of jobless Americans amid a debate on the legislation 's cost .
In a vote chiefly along party lines that highlighted concerns over how to pay for the bill , the Senate broke a filibuster led by Republicans and set the stage for a full Senate vote on the legislation , which could come as soon as Wednesday .
The ...
By Travis Grant
My musical tastes began assembling early in life .
As a child , I explored my parents ’ record collection and gained exposure to many genres and artists .
But it was n’t until my teenage years that I remember crossing the Beach Boys ’ path and being underwhelmed .
At that age , my mind was no longer the developmental sponge it had been in early childhood .
In order for a band ’s music to root itself in me , it had to deliver a walloping blow in a memorable setting .
The assurances of those who had lived through the height of the Beach Boys ’ fame could n’t convince me of the band ’s greatness .
I needed a better segue , a push to actually listen and eventually come around to an appreciation .
I had heard all of the Beach Boys ’ popular songs in lamentable contexts .
Songs like “ Surfin ’ USA , ” “ Surfin ’ Safari , ” and “ Help Me Rhonda ” were played at the weddings of relatives , somewhere between the “ Grease Medley ” and “ Billie Jean . ”
This was precisely the time when my bored , teenage self was looking to slip behind the community hall for a bootlegged beer .
In the early part of this century , I rarely ventured into music ’s archives .
New music was too exciting : Radiohead was determining the shape of things to come with Kid A ; Beck ’s Sea Change was a stained - glass window into personal heart ache ; Hayden picked up the torch of Neil Young ’s early sound and released the beautiful record , Skyscraper National Park ; and along came Wilco , a band that takes residence high in the tower of song .
At that point in my life , the Beach Boys did n’t even register .
They were an unknown artefact .
In 2006 , the pub at my university was an exchange ground for music , new and old .
I used to sit with my friend , Trevor , and swap digital albums over beer .
One day , Trevor gave me Endless Summer – a Beach Boys greatest - hits record that was released on Capitol in the early 70s – and Pet Sounds , which I would later recognize as one of the greatest albums released during the 1960s , second in sheer magnitude only to Sgt. Pepper ’s Lonely Hearts Club Band .
But on that day and for many months afterwards , seeing “ The Beach Boys ” on my ipod inspired little curiosity .
And then I discovered them .
Parents of the world have many different strategies for calming their children .
Some use bottles of warm milk .
Others speak in soft , soothing tones .
I play my child music .
A few months ago , I was driving home from the grocery store .
My two - year - old had gone the entire day without a nap and decided to let loose a purple - faced tantrum in his car seat .
With patience thinning , I grabbed my ipod and chose the Beatles , but as I lifted my thumb from the navigation wheel , the ipod ’s cursor slipped to the Beach Boys .
( Anyone who owns an ipod has experienced such a slip ) .
I quickly chose Endless Summer and , thanks to another slip , played the second song , “ Surfer Girl . ”
Like Haitian voodoo , the song ’s vocal harmonies entranced my son , and he calmed to a smile .
In the weeks that followed , he demanded to hear the Beach Boys whenever we were in the car .
Since then , I ’ve heard Endless Summer and Pet Sounds countless times , and I ’ve grown to be a considerable fan of both .
With a curious ear , I began noticing things I loved about the music : Chuck Berry guitar riffs , complex 4 - part harmonies , jamming Wurlitzer organ tracks , and – feeding my tastes as a hobby historian – an insight to the fads and fashions of 1960s American surf culture .
Around this time , my brother found an original pressing of Summer Days ( And Summer Nights ! ! ) on thick , pre-oil crisis vinyl .
I went to his place on a Saturday night and listened to it on his turntable , through a vintage pair of Danish - made Dynaco A - 25 speakers that throw sound with a deep , low - end presence .
My brother ’s stereo verified the subtleties of Brian Wilson ’s compositional and studio perfectionism , as well as his under - lying musical genius .
This experience moved me to explore every corner of the Beach Boys ’ career .
I ’ve never been one to declare a favourite album from any artist .
I prefer to keep slots open for incoming information and changes of heart .
But currently , the Beach Boy ’s have two records that I ’m tending to favour : Beach Boys ’ Party , and Smiley Smile .
On a recent Goodwill excursion , I found an original pressing of Beach Boys ’ Party .
I had no idea what to expect when I put it on my turntable .
I was pleasantly surprised by what ’s presented as a live acoustic recording .
Beach Boys ’ Party was released during the Christmas of 1965 .
Capitol Records – the Beach Boys ’ label at that time – wanted the band to throw together an album to sell during the lucrative holiday shopping season .
Fearful that a greatest - hits record would signal the end of the band ’s creative and popular height , Brian Wilson – who was in the middle of working on Pet Sounds – suggested an album of cover songs , to be recorded in a studio and dubbed over the background noise of a party , giving the impression of an impromptu jam session .
The tracks on this record are acoustic covers of doo - wop and rock & roll songs from the early 60s , written by the likes of Phil Spector , the Everly Brothers , the Beatles , Bob Dylan , and the Regents .
In addition to the sound of bongos , and an acoustic bass and guitars , I love that the band ’s voices and harmonies are n’t possessed of the usual piquancy of vocal tracking techniques and innovations found on other Beach Boys albums .
On this record they sound unpolished , as though they were actually playing a party .
Smiley Smile marked the end of Brian Wilson ’s creative leadership within the band .
After Pet Sounds , Wilson began work on what was to be an even greater follow - up : Smile , a project he claimed would be “ a teenage symphony to God . ”
Despite months of work on the record , Wilson abruptly scrapped Smile after John Lennon played him a reel - to - reel recording of “ A Day in the Life . ”
Wilson claims that hearing the song sent him into years of over - eating , heavy alcohol and cocaine abuse , and a schizophrenic delirium , from which he continues to suffer .
In an effort to keep up with contractual obligations to their record label , the Beach Boys quickly released Smiley Smile in 1967 , to the confusion of fans and the dismay of certain band members , who had begun describing Wilson ’s work as “ avante garde shit . ”
Critics often say that Smiley Smile is an under - realized , slapped - together project .
The argument that it was quickly assembled certainly stands ( it was finished in just two months ) .
But I would argue that this is part of what makes it an incredible record .
Smiley Smile is an album written on the verge of madness and it marks a frantic paradigm shift in Wilson ’s song writing .
For me , it burns brightest of all the Beach Boys ’ efforts .
The song structures and instrumentation are ahead of their time , giving Smiley Smile a strangely contemporary feel for listeners with modern tastes .
Adding another layer of intrigue , Wilson ’s imploding personal life is strongly felt on this record .
The songs , which are a collaboration of Smile material and new compositions , appear in a disjointed and fragmented manner that reflects his unreeling mental health at that time .
Sadly , the refreshing white light of Brian Wilson ’s genius on Smiley Smile came to pass as his psychological state went supernova .
Removed as the band ’s creative lead after the record flopped commercially , Wilson ’s new path of song writing was never further explored .
Although the Beach Boys did n’t have an early influence on me , their impact through later discovery has been no less significant .
When heard in the right format ( 180 - gram vinyl ) and through the right sound system , the depth of composition , arrangement , and absolute talent in the Beach Boys ’ music becomes ripe for consideration and appreciation .
Bury your memories of bad wedding DJ ’s ; forget the sound of an over - played track navigating your emotions through a light - hearted moment in a kitsch romantic comedy .
The Beach Boys ’ are worthy of your own personal discovery or reacquaintance – whichever it is .
Albums listened to while writing this : Surfer Girl , Pet Sounds , Beach Boys ’ Party , Smiley Smile .
Lord Mandelson was compared to a Bond villain as all five Labour leadership contenders unanimously condemned his account of bitter feuding during the Blair - Brown years .
David and Ed Miliband , Ed Balls , Andy Burnham and Diane Abbott all attacked Mandelson at today 's leadership hustings in London for the damage that his book of memoirs , The Third Man , has done to the Labour party .
Former foreign secretary David Miliband , who is believed to be Mandelson 's preferred candidate for the party leadership , described the memoirs as " destructive and self - destructive " .
He compared Mandelson 's appearance in a TV advert for the book to that of Bond villain Enst Blofeld , saying all the former minister , nicknamed the Prince of Darkness , needed was a white cat to stroke .
Ed Balls , the former children 's secretary and a close ally of Gordon Brown , said it was " really sad " that the peer had published the book " in such a devisive and damaging way for such huge amounts of money at this point so soon after a general election . "
Mandelson 's reputation had nose - dived as a result of the controversy , he added .
Former health secretary Andy Burnham was more forthright in his call for the peer to quit , accusing him of being vain and arrogant .
He said : " Peter loves the spotlight but it 's time to leave the stage .
" Sadly this has distracted from the leadership contest and damaged the Labour party . "
Burham said Mandelson 's actions showed the party needed to decisively reject the New Labour style of politics .
" At times it was self - indulgent with the factionalism and people kicking lumps off each other , " he told party members at the hustings at the Trade Union Congress headquarters .
Ed Miliband , the former climate change secretary , said Labour party members had been sickened by Mandelson 's account because it gave an impression that the last government was " all about factionalism " .
He agreed with Burnham that the episode underlined the need to reject the culture of different factions within the party briefing against one another .
Abbott described the memoirs as " self - regarding " , saying they overplayed the importance of Mandelson 's role in the success of New Labour .
She added she had not read the peer 's book because she refused to " put money in his pocket " .
Mandelson , the former business secretary , insisted that he had painted a flattering picture of Gordon Brown and Tony Blair .
But his revelations about their dysfunctional relationship have led to considerable political fallout and cast a shadow over the Labour leadership contest .
Mandelson denied reports that Blair was livid after being quoted in the book as describing his former chancellor and successor as " mad , bad , dangerous and beyond redemption " .
The former Labour leader Lord Kinnock said the peer had become a caricature of himself and questioned whether he was more interested in creating a sensation than a historical record of the party 's last 13 years in office .
* House Democrats drop Ron Paul ’s
Fed audit provision
* House opposes making NY Fed chief political appointee
* Want discount window loans disclosed with lag ( Recasts , adds analysts ’ comments , details , background )
WASHINGTON , June 15 ( Reuters ) - The Federal Reserve scored a political victory on Wednesday as Democrats mulling financial reform backed off measures that would expose monetary policy to audits and make the head of the New York Fed a political appointee .
The U.S. House of Representatives had approved a bill in December that included a provision , championed by Texas Representative Ron Paul , that would have opened the Fed ’s interest rate policy to congressional audits .
But in a statement on Tuesday , House Democrats participating in negotiations over a final financial reform bill signaled a willingness to live with a narrower Senate audit provision that does not cover monetary policy .
“ Many politicians wanted to extract a pound of flesh from the Fed , ” said Eric Lascelles , chief economics and rates strategist at TD Securities .
“ That seems to be cooling off now . ”
The Fed , which has admitted it was too complacent about regulatory oversight in the run-up to the global financial crisis , has come under heavy fire for being too close to the banks it regulates .
The House Democrats also said they would try to defeat a plan contained in the Senate bill under debate that would allow the U.S. president to name the head of the New York Fed , a step that Fed officials have argued would undercut the central bank ’s political independence .
See : FACTBOX - What U.S. financial overhaul means for the Fed [ nN15152442 ]
“ It is disappointing to see both the removal of the provision about the president picking the New York Fed president and also the prohibition of bank employees serving as Fed presidents , ” said Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
“ This would have been a big change toward taking away the banks ’ control over the Fed . ”
The U.S. central bank appears to be emerging largely unscathed by the regulatory reform efforts .
It successfully fought off a Senate push last month that would have stripped it of its oversight of smaller banks , and is poised to emerge as the most powerful financial regulator when reforms are complete .
In the wake of the worst financial meltdown in generations , the U.S. Congress is seeking to put in place reforms to ward off future crises .
House and Senate negotiators are set to take up provisions on Fed governance and audits on Wednesday .
SOME CONCESSIONS
The shift by House Democrats was not an unequivocal win for the Fed .
Their counteroffer looks to broaden a proposal for a one - time Fed audit contained in the the Senate bill that would focus narrowly on the Fed ’s emergency lending during the financial crisis .
House Democrats want to widen the audit to cover regular discount window lending and open market transactions , and require the Fed to publicly disclose details on these operations on an ongoing basis , albeit with a three - year lag .
Still , the push points to successful lobbying efforts by both the Fed and the financial sector , which firmly backs the U.S. central bank .
Influential industry groups wrote to the Senate Banking Committee in March pleading for the Fed to retain its supervisory responsibilities .
In place of the Senate measure that would allow the president to appoint the head of the New York Fed , House Democratic negotiators said they favor a provision that would prevent the regional Fed bank directors who come from the financial sector from having a say on who will head their regional Fed bank .
That move is an attempt to ensure conflicts of interest do not arise with bankers essentially picking their regulator .
The Fed had been quietly pushing for a compromise along these lines .
The dissolution of Paul ’s wider Fed audit provision comforted investors who had worried that greater political influence could weaken the central bank ’s resolve to fight inflation in the future .
“ Anything that makes the Federal Reserve more political or subject to political review is I think a step backwards , ” said Charles Lieberman , chief investment officer for money management firm Advisors Capital Management and a former New York Fed official .
Both the Fed ’s Washington - based Board of Governors and the New York Fed declined to comment on the latest congressional maneuvering .
AW ’s own Peter McLean kindly consented to an interview .
McLean ’s fourth novel , Priest of Bones will released by Ace on October 2,2018 .
Priest of Bones is the first of McLean ’s War for the Rose Throne series ; the second novel , Priest of Lies , is scheduled for release in July 2019 .
I ’ll definitely be checking it out , but in the meantime , McLean ’s previously published urban fantasy Burned Man trilogy ( Angry Robot ) is a great way to spend time waiting for the next book in the War for the Rose Throne series .
Peter McLean ’s bio from his Website says :
Peter McLean was born near London in 1972 , the son of a bank manager and an English teacher .
He went to school in the shadow of Norwich Cathedral where he spent most of his time making up stories .
By the time he left school this was probably the thing he was best at , alongside the Taoist kung fu he had been studying since the age of 13 .
He grew up in the Norwich alternative scene , alternating dingy nightclubs with martial arts and practical magic .
He has since grown up a bit , if not a lot , and spent 25 years working in corporate IT .
He is married to Diane and is still making up stories .
What ’s your elevator pitch for Priest of Bones ?
It ’s The Godfather meets Peaky Blinders , with Swords .
Did you have a playlist for Priest of Bones ?
Oh yes , I always write to music and it ’s always stuff I know so well I do n’t have to listen to it , just feel it throbbing away in the background .
Priest of Bones was written almost entirely to a steady stream of the marvelous Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds , along with various 80s heavy rock albums .
Every main character get ’s their own theme music , in my head — Tomas Piety ’s theme tune is Nick Cave ’s “ Red Right Hand ” , which is also the title music to Peaky Blinders .
Bloody Anne ’s is “ It ’s My Life ” by Wendy O Williams , and Ailsa enters to “ Sanctified ” by Nine Inch Nails .
Billy the Boy gets “ Dio ’s Evil Eyes ” , and Jochan ’s is “ Reckless Life ” by Guns n’ Roses .
Were there any surprises for you as you wrote Priest of Bones ?
Character developments or plot twists that you did n’t expect ?
I ’m largely an outliner so I usually know where the story is going overall , but all my stuff grows arms and legs while I ’m writing it so there ’s always something to discover on the journey .
I ’d never planned for Billy to develop as quickly as he does , and had envisaged Old Kurt being his “ wise old mentor ” figure .
Turns out Billy was n’t having that , and I was n’t going to argue with him !
Priest of Bones is the first in the War for the Rose Throne series .
Did you set out to write a series , or did it evolve into one ?
I originally wrote an outline for a single book , but by the time I ’d drafted the first fifty thousand or so words and was still on the first paragraph of my synopsis I realised it was going to be half a million words or something ridiculous if I did n’t break it down into multiple books .
I ’m mostly a plotter but still partly a discovery writer .
I always have the main plot points outlined , and I sometimes even write the very end first , but as I said my stuff always evolves in the writing process and ends up twice as long as I think it ’s going to be — and it still always gets longer in edits .
I may write a stand - alone novel one day , but this is not that day .
The second instalment , Priest of Lies , is scheduled for release in July 2019
What ’s your writing process like ?
Chaotic .
I ’m not one of those rigorous “ write x number of words every day ” people , my head just does n’t work like that .
I ’m absolutely a binge writer , and as I work a day job those binges are usually Friday and Saturday nights , often going to 3 or 4 am if I ’m in the groove .
I ’m naturally nocturnal , I ’m sure I am , and I ’m never much use creatively in the mornings so I take the opportunity when I can get it .
I ’ll start with a rough idea for a setting or a character , sometimes both at once if I ’m lucky , and just doodle a few thousand words to see if I like it .
If I do , I ’ll decide how the story wants to end and write that bit , or at least the last few lines to set the closing tone , then outline my way from beginning to end .
Once I start actually writing it ’s start to end in chronological order , with no jumping about , and I absolutely do edit as I go despite what everyone says about that – it just works for me .
Each writing session starts with tidying up the previous session ’s work then blasting out a new chunk , which can be anywhere from 1000 to 8000 words at a go .
I ’ll also go days without writing anything at all , but if I get a neat idea for a line or a scene I ’ll jot it down somewhere and slot it into the outline next time I sit down at the computer .
One thing with me : once it ’s written it happened .
I very rarely go back and fundamentally change something , so sometimes the plot goes a bit off piste and when that happens I ’ll adjust the outline to fit the story rather than the other way around .
The upshot of that and the continuous editing is that once my first draft it done ( three to four months for a 100 k novel ) it ’s pretty clean .
I do n’t do re-writes or multiple drafts .
Once it ’s done I ’ll park it for a few days , then print it out and do a pen-and - paper edit , make the changes , read it through once more and it ’s good to go to my agent .
What ’s your writing environment like ( your work area and tools of choice ) ?
I ’m really lucky with this – we only have a small house , but the previous owner had the garage converted into a self - contained annex and that is now my office .
It ’s the place I can sit and write until the early hours and blast my music as loud as I like without my wife wanting to murder me !
Tools wise I ’m very straightforward – it ’s MS Word , and that ’s it .
Publishing runs on Word and Word comments and Word track changes , and trying to use anything else just feels like making life hard for yourself , to me .
All I ever need is Word and a web browser and connection , and I ’m good .
My PC is an ancient , on - its - last - legs Windows 7 box that I flat refuse to upgrade because it just works , but I have a high - end keyboard and monitor as those are the only parts of the system I really interact with .
You have created a rich multi-cultural world with multiple religions .
Any particular suggestions about world building ?
Oh boy , I can geek on about this for hours !
The key thing for me is making it all work as a consistent whole .
You can have magic in your world , sure , although I do n’t personally like to have too much of that , but I still need a fantasy world to actually work properly .
You ca n’t put a city in the middle of the desert , for example , without me immediately wondering where their food and water comes from .
You ca n’t have Irish nobles wearing silk without evidence of international trade , which means foreign traders and the resulting ethnic diversity that they bring .
If you have gunpowder weapons , which in Priest of Bones I have , then you need a sufficient level of industry to manufacture the cannon , which means foundries , which means mining , and so on and so forth .
I really do n’t like settings that feel like a stage set , where there ’s nothing there that the characters are n’t going to interact with .
There are things in Priest of Bones like the Temple of the Harvest Maiden on Trader ’s Row which is just there because it is , because there ’s more than one religion in the world because of course there is , because there would be .
In the same way there are black and brown people and children and gay people and old people and disabled people in Ellinburg because of course there are , because why would n’t there be ?
I absolutely obsess about this stuff if I ’m reading anything other than pure mythology , so I went to a lot of trouble to get as much of it right as I could .
I ’m no historian so I ’m sure there are things I ’ve missed or got wrong , but I certainly tried to make my setting feel like a real , living country rather than a stage set .
What inspired Our Lady of Eternal Sorrows , the deity your hero Tomas Piety serves as Priest ?
( For those who have not yet had a chance to read Priest of Bones , Tomas has this to say of Our Lady of Eternal Sorrows :
Our Lady does n’t help .
Not ever .
She does n’t answer prayers or grant boons or give a man anything at all however hard he might pray for it .
The best you can hope for from her is that she does n’t take your life today .
Maybe tomorrow , aye , but not today .
That ’s as good as it gets , and the rest is up to you .
I build the worship of Our Lady of Eternal Sorrows around Tomas ’s character .
He ’s not a particularly religious man by nature , so I had to come up with a faith that he could actually get behind .
Some reviewers so far have referred to Our Lady as the Goddess of Soldiers , but she is n’t that .
She ’s worshipped by soldiers , yes , but really Our Lady is the Goddess of Death .
As Tomas also says :
Us conscripts do n’t want glory or honour .
We just want to not die today .
That ’s what Our Lady offered , if you were lucky and you fought your balls off .
Worshipping of Our Lady is basically appeasing Death , so She does n’t take your life today .
Soldiers have always been a superstitious lot and Tomas has always had to make his own way in the world , and that ’s sort of what I was going for here – the idea that there ’s no help in this world , you own your destiny and you can make of your life what you will if you just fight hard enough for it , so long as She does n’t take your life today .
So you offer up a prayer to Our Lady , and go out and take it for yourself .
I think that ’s exactly the sort of religion that would appeal to a man like Tomas Piety .
What have you read lately ( in the last year or so ) that you really liked ?
Oh wow , there ’s been so much brilliant fantasy out in the last year or two and so much of it from new authors .
Big favourites of mine have been the Empires of Dust novels by Anna Smith Spark , The Court of Broken Knives and The Tower of Living and Dying , and also Blackwing and Ravencry by Ed McDonald .
They ’re two incredibly different series , but both absolutely marvellous .
Smith Spark ’s work reads like real mythology , powerful prose designed to be read aloud , while McDonald ’s are gritty , noir , magical post - apocalyptic thrillers .
I ’m currently reading RJ Barker ’s Assassins trilogy and enjoying that a great deal as well .
[ perfectpullquote align = ” right ” bordertop = ” false ” cite= ” ” link= ” ” color= ” ” class= ” ” size = ” ” ]
There are as many ways to write a novel as there are writers , and everyone is different .
The trick is to find your right way to do this , and in my opinion that ’s something that only comes from writing , not from reading books about writing .
[ / perfectpullquote ]
Do you have any particular favorite books about writing ?
I ’m not honestly a big fan of books about writing .
I read Stephen King ’s On Writing and thought it was a fantastic autobiography , but his method and mine are so wildly different that I found I did n’t really agree with him about almost anything on the subject of craft .
What he does obviously works brilliantly for him , but it would n’t work at all for me .
My head just is n’t made the same way his is , and that ’s fine .
I think a mistake a lot of beginning writers make is thinking that there ’s one right way to do this , and there just is n’t .
There are as many ways to write a novel as there are writers , and everyone is different .
The trick is to find your right way to do this , and in my opinion that ’s something that only comes from writing , not from reading books about writing .
Is there a question that you ’ve never been asked that you ’d really like to answer ?
I think I ’ve already been asked just about everything that I ’d be prepared to answer in public by this point !
I did a speaking engagement in a prison once , and some of their questions were really quite extraordinary : have I ever been in prison ?
No .
Am I a real gangster ?
No .
Have I ever hurt anyone on purpose ?
Yes .
Did I win the fight ?
Yes .
What ’s your favorite charity ?
Cancer Research UK .
I lost my mother to cancer a long time ago , and my wife has had it twice and been successfully treated both times .
Those people are literally helping to save lives .
Vince
Posts : 8348
DeveloperPosts : 8348
Who likes text - adventures ?
« on : July 23 , 2010 , 12:27:39 pm »
It 's been awhile since we 've shown you guys anything , so please allow me to thank you for your patience and support , and to entertain you with one of our text - adventure sequences .
Text - adventures are an old , venerable , and sadly all but forgotten element and I have no idea whether or not we did a good job capturing the spirit , so as usual , you 're invited to bitch and complain make helpful suggestions .
For those who like to quantify things : this particular text adventure is 14,687 words long .
You start the game in Teron , a small crumbling town controlled by House Daratan .
At some point you may ( or may not ) decide to have a chat with Lord Antidas who , for some reasons , is n't pacing back and forth outside of his palace eagerly awaiting your arrival .
There are several ways to meet him .
You can talk to Dellar , Antidas ' man in charge of fucking with people and keeping the enemies of the House at bay .
He will offer you a traditional " prove yourself first and if you 're still alive , which is doubtful , then I 'll let you in " way via 2 quests .
If that 's not how you prefer to roll , there are 3 more quest - related ways to gain entrance ( i.e. certain side quests may attract or require Antidas ' involvement ) .
If you 're still shaking your head and want to do it completely on your own , that 's what the text adventure is for .
Without further ado .
[ attachment deleted by admin ]
This afternoon , the Florida Legislature convened in a special session called by Governor Charlie Crist to consider the passage of a joint resolution that would have allowed voters to revise the Florida Constitution to prevent the exploration , drilling , extraction and production of oil in our coastal waters .
Background :
After receiving hundreds of hand written letters and phone calls from our supporters and supporters of our coalition with Crude Awakening and other Florida organizations , Governor Crist officially called a special session
on behalf of the citizens of the state
, intended to last 4 days in order to allow debate on the issue of near beach drilling .
Our official opinion is that Governor Crist called this session on behalf of Florida voters .
After all , the overwhelming public outcry we have generated ( and that has generated itself in light of the disastrous oil spill in the Gulf ) was what prompted the special session .
We feel that the Florida Legislature wasted taxpayer time , money , and effort on political grandstanding , making the issue about the governor when it was really about the voters ' right to decide what is best for us and our beaches .
Their attempt to punish the governor for internal partisan issues took precedence over their duty to represent the will of their constituents .
Because of them , Big Oil has claimed yet another victory in the state of Florida .
One of the " Representatives " who voted against the citizens of Florida is incoming House Speaker Dean Cannon of Winter Park , who claimed they were trying to protect the Florida Constitution from being amended by Governor Crist , who left the Republican Party to run for the U.S. Senate as an independent .
In reality , the amendment would have protected Florida from Representative Cannon .
In 2009 , Cannon helped pass a bill through the House overturning the state law that bans drilling in state waters .
Fortunately , the bill was stopped by the Senate , which was more considerate of the potential damage to the state 's $ 65 billion tourism economy from offshore drilling .
Without a Constitutional ban on near beach drilling , Representatives like Cannon will continue to introduce bills like this until they ultimately win .
We have compiled here a list of each Florida Representative that voted to kill the special session , and to deny the citizens of Florida a voice on the issue of near beach drilling this November .
We ask that our supporters call , write and email them to express your disgust for their actions today .
More importantly , we are asking that you all do everything in your power to help vote these men and women who stood against the people of Florida out of office .
THE huge sums earned by banks and their employees over the past 30 years is a recurring puzzle .
How has finance done so well for itself and why have n't its returns been competed away ?
Andrew Haldane , the executive director for financial stability at the Bank of England , has co-authored another incisive contribution to this debate in a chapter of a new book * published by the London School of Economics on July 14th .
Analysing the recent performance of the banking industry , he concludes that it has been “ as much mirage as miracle ” .
Mr Haldane and his colleagues start with a statistical oddity .
The fourth quarter of 2008 almost saw the meltdown of the global financial system , with banks ' share prices falling by an average of 50 % .
Yet according to the British national accounts , the same quarter witnessed the fastest - ever increase in the contribution of the financial sector to the country 's economic growth .
That suggests there is something wrong with the calculations .
The standard measure is gross value - added — the output of an industry minus the costs of production .
That is a pretty easy sum to calculate when it comes to manufacturing .
In finance , however , a lot of the gross value - added comes from making loans .
Economists calculate this by measuring the difference between the rate charged on loans and a “ reference rate ” , which is pretty much the risk - free rate .
The consequence of this approach is that when interest margins rise for corporate borrowers , as they did in late 2008 , the gross value - added of the banking sector appears to go up .
But without adjusting for risk , this measure of the finance sector 's economic worth is meaningless .
What really matters is whether the interest margin properly reflects the risk of default .
As Mr Haldane comments : “ A banking system that does not accurately assess and price risk is not adding much value to the economy . ”
That is a particular problem given that it seems clear the banks systematically underpriced risk in the period leading up to 2007 .
You can look at the numbers in a different way .
Was the finance industry using a larger share of the nation 's resources ?
In the British case , the industry 's share of labour and capital has been on a declining trend since 1990 .
Combine the gross value - added figure with the declining share of resources , and you might assume finance has enjoyed a productivity miracle over the past 20 years .
This miracle could explain the very high returns on equity achieved by the banks and the very high wages given to bank employees ( an international , not just a British , phenomenon ) .
But if the value - added figure is driven by a mistaken assessment of risk , a quite different picture emerges .
Mr Haldane suggests that banks increased risk - taking by pursuing three different strategies : using more leverage , both on and off the balance - sheet ; holding more assets on their trading books , where capital charges were lower and rising asset prices boosted profits ; and writing “ out - of - the - money ” options , in other words selling insurance policies that offered steady returns in good times but disastrous losses in especially difficult times .
These greater risks brought little economic benefit .
In the same book Adair Turner , the head of the Financial Services Authority ( Britain 's soon - to - be - restructured regulator ) , points out that only a minority of bank activity concerns the channelling of savings to businesses investing in productive assets , what you might call the classic raison d'être of banking .
Instead , lending is dominated by the residential - and commercial - property cycle .
These cycles are self - reinforcing : more lending pushes up property prices , which encourages more lending .
At the margin , the property cycles might lead to the construction of better buildings , but such modest benefits are outweighed by the accompanying financial and economic instability .
The financial industry has done so well for itself , in short , because it has been given the licence to make a leveraged bet on property .
The riskiness of that bet was underestimated because almost everyone from bankers through regulators to politicians missed one simple truth : that property prices cannot keep rising faster than the economy or the ability to service property - related debts .
The cost of that lesson is now being borne by the developed world 's taxpayers .
* “ The Contribution of the Financial Sector : Miracle or Mirage ? ” by Andrew Haldane , Simon Brennan and Vasileios Madouros .
Taken from “ The Future of Finance : The LSE Report ” , July 2010
Economist.com/blogs/buttonwood
Vice President Biden predicted a November surprise this year -- Democrats doing better than expected in the Nov. 2 congressional elections .
" I do n't think the losses are going to be bad at all , " Biden said on ABC's This Week .
" I think we 're going to shock the heck out of everybody . "
Biden also told ABC's Jake Tapper that the administration will start pulling troops out of Afghanistan next July , but the initial withdrawal could be small depending on how the war is going .
" It could be as few as a couple thousand troops , " Biden said .
" It could be more .
But there will be a transition . "
While polls give Republicans a chance to retake the U.S. House , Biden said voters will eventually start comparing Democratic policies with those of the GOP candidates .
When that happens , Biden said , " we 're going to be in great shape . "
Biden also said that the $ 862 billion stimulus bill might have been bigger , but the administration wanted to try and attract some Republican votes with a smaller package .
Republicans who appeared on the Sunday morning talk shows said voters would punish President Obama and the Democrats for ineffective spending programs that have increased both unemployment and the federal debt .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky. , declined to make a specific election prediction on CNN's State of the Union but said if the vote was Sunday , " we would have a good day " in the Senate races .
" I 'd like to be in better shape than the 41 ( GOP senators ) that we have now , " McConnell said .
" And I think the chances of that are pretty good . "
On other Sunday shows :
- Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D - Md. , chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , said on NBC's Meet The Press that Obama will be a big asset for Democrats on the campaign trail .
" The president and the White House know that they need a strong majority in the House and in the Senate in order to complete their agenda , " Van Hollen said .
" They also know that the day after the elections , it will be interpreted as a referendum on the president 's policies in the press , whether they like it or not .
So , we are on the same page . "
- Politicians debated the Arizona immigration law on CBS ' Face The Nation .
Gov. Bill Richardson , D - N.M. , said the law will " lead to racial profiling . "
Ex-representative J.D. Hayworth , R - Ariz. , who is challenging John McCain for his Senate seat , said the state has to act because the federal government has failed to protect the border with Mexico .
- Sen. David Vitter , R - La. , urged Americans not to forget to the Gulf Coast once the oil spill is plugged .
" We have major challenges ahead , " Vitter said on Fox News Sunday , citing both the cleanup of the Gulf 's waters and economic recovery in the region .
In his ABC interview , Biden also commented on :
Claims that some " Tea Party " members are racists : " Some of the Tea Party folks have expressed racist views ... ( but ) I would n't characterize the Tea Party as racist .
... I do n't believe , the president does n't believe , that the Tea Party is a racist organization .
...
Very conservative .
Very different views on government and a whole lot of things .
But it is not a racist organization . "
The end of U.S. combat operations in Iraq next month : " There is a transition government .
There is a government in place that 's working .
Iraqi security is being provided by the Iraqis , with our assistance .
We 're going to still have 50,000 troops there .
We will have brought home 95,000 .
There is no one in the military who thinks there 's any reason we can't do that .
So they 're making real serious progress .
I do n't have a doubt in my mind that we 'll be able to meet the commitment of having only 50,000 troops there and it will not in any way affect the physical stability of Iraq . "
Criticism of him by former Afghanistan commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal and aides : " I did n't take it personally at all .
I really , honest to God , did n't .
Compared to what happens in politics , that was a piece of cake .
... ( But ) the president made the right decision .
He changed the personalities , but not the policy . "
How things are going in Afghanistan : " It 's too early to make a judgment .
We do n't even have all the troops of the so - called surge in place yet .
That wo n't happen until August .
...
Unfortunately , everyone knew that in these summer months , when they ( the insurgents ) can infiltrate from Pakistan under the cover of foliage and the rest and it's open , that there would be more deaths .
...
But we still believe that the policy that the military signed onto , put together initially , signed onto , is , in fact , going to work . "
Biden added on Afghanistan : " All of this is just beginning .
And we knew it was going to be a tough slog .
But I think it 's much too premature to make a judgment until the military said we should look at it , which is in December . "
( Posted by David Jackson )
InfoSec , Sun Tzu and the Art of Whore
Fri Jul 2 14:42:30 CDT
2010
swtornio & jericho
Lately , you can't swing a dead cat without hitting someone in InfoSec who is writing a blog post , participating in a panel or otherwise yammering on about what we can learn from Sun Tzu about Information Security .
Sun
Tzu lends the topic some gravitas and the speaker instantly benefits from the halo effect of Ancient Chinese Wisdom , but does Sun Tzu really have anything interesting to say about Information Security ?
In " The Art of War , " Sun Tzu 's writing addressed a variety of military tactics , very few of which can truly be extrapolated into modern InfoSec practices .
The parts that do apply are n't terribly groundbreaking and may actually conflict with other tenets when artificially applied to InfoSec .
Rather than accept that Tzu's work is not relevant to modern day Infosec , people tend to force analogies and stretch comparisons to his work .
These big leaps are professionals whoring themselves just to get in what seems like a cool reference and wise quote .
" The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy 's not coming , but on our own readiness to receive him ; not on the chance of his not attacking , but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable . "
- The Art of War
This seems to make sense on its face .
If you focus on making your systems and networks invulnerable to attack , then you do n't need to worry about attackers .
So , on any modern network where people actually need to get work done , can you make systems invulnerable to attack ?
If not , does this particular advice tell us anything useful ?
Maybe Sun
Tzu was trying to say that we need to spend more and more money on IPS / SIEM / firewalls / antivirus , even if we do n't see a particular need to upgrade or improve those areas .
Information security is not warfare ( leaving aside actual warfare , of course ) .
The bulk of security practitioners are working to protect private and public networks and do not strike back against any enemy .
Even penetration testers conduct their ' battles ' within a limited scope , under supervision and governed by laws .
A pen test is absolutely NOT knowing your enemy .
Turning your own people , or agents you employ , against your own networks to test their security tells you nothing about your attacker .
It is an exercise in better knowing your own strengths and weaknesses .
It 's also not " thinking like your enemy . "
If you can't identify who your enemy is , you can't think like him .
All you can do is apply your own offensive techniques against your own position .
The only application of Sun Tzu's work today might be relevant for the bad guy attacking a specific target .
Sun
Tzu makes many statements about victory in war , none of which apply to InfoSec , since the war can not be won .
We do n't have one enemy , we have an inexhaustible supply of a wide variety of enemies , and most do n't even care who we are .
Do you know your enemy ?
If you answer ' yes ' to that question , you already lost the battle and the war .
If you know some of your enemies , you are well on your way to understanding why Tzu 's teachings have n't been relevant to InfoSec for over two decades .
Do you want to know your enemy ?
Fine , here you go .
your enemy may be any or all of the following :
12 y/o student in Ohio learning computers in middle school
13 y/o home - schooled girl getting bored with social networks
15 y/o kid in Brazil that joined a defacement group
16 y/o student in Tokyo , learning programming in high school
18 y/o high school drop out in the Ukraine
19 y/o college student putting class work into practice
20 y/o Taco Bell employee bored with the daily grind
21 y/o man in Mali working for an international carding ring
23 y/o mother in Poland , trying to supplement income
24 y/o black hat intent on compromising any company encountered
25 y/o soldier in the North Korean army
26 y/o military contractor in Iraq
28 y/o Chinese government employee , soon to be mother
29 y/o vegan in Oregon who firmly believes in political hacktivism
30 y/o white hat pen tester who has not let go of her black hat origins
31 y/o security researcher who finds vulnerabilities on live sites
32 y/o alchoholic in New Zealand , with nothing to lose
34 y/o employee who sees a target of opportunity
35 y/o officer in MI6
36 y/o " consulate attache " that may be FSB
40 y/o disgruntled admin , passed over for raise 5 years in a row
42 y/o private investigator looking for dirt on your CEO
43 y/o malware author , paid per compromised host
45 y/o member of a terrorist group
55 y/o corporate intelligence consultant
What 's more , these enemies have our networks under siege , which Sun Tzu says is no way to win a war .
The rule is , not to besiege walled cities if it can possibly be avoided .
The preparation of mantlets , movable shelters , and various implements of war , will take up three whole months ; and the piling up of mounds over against the walls will take three months more .
Um , yeah .
Sun
Tzu's not helping us here .
How about that popular one about knowing your enemy ?
Know your enemy and know yourself ; in a hundred battles , you will never be defeated .
When you are ignorant of the enemy but know yourself , your chances of winning or losing are equal .
If ignorant both of your enemy and of yourself , you are sure to be defeated in every battle .
But of course , there is no winning .
You can take the time to try to know all the different kinds of attackers hitting your networks , but you can never claim victory .
If we board up our windows against a hurricane , we do n't " win " if our homes and windows survive the storm .
It would make more sense for InfoSec practitioners to learn from hurricane or flood preparedness than Sun Tzu .
For most of us , attacks on our networks are more like the constant and varied attacks from weather , and rather than try to wrap ourselves up in the glorious wisdom of Chinese philosophy and the excitement of some amorphous global " cyberwar " , we should probably focus on the mundane , boring details of maintaining and monitoring our networks .
" Sun Tzu was an ancient Chinese military general and strategist who is traditionally believed to have authored The Art of War , an influential ancient Chinese book on military strategy considered to be a prime example of Taoist thinking . "
Tzu's treatise on strategy , " The Art of War " is available in all shapes and sizes , translated by dozens of scholars .
Further , it has been translated or adapted to be made relevant to all walks of life including managerial strategy , achieving life goals , spirituality , writing and more .
Given the writing deals more with the mindset , logistics and strategy of war , it is trivial to apply many of its concepts to almost any facet of life .
The book is a fascinating read and highly recommended for people of all ages , profession or culture .
Unfortunately , the application of The Art of War is often too aggressive , short - sighted or otherwise lacking in relevance .
In some cases , this broad philosophy and mindset is applied to a very minute aspect of society or life .
In other cases , some aspect of our society may change and people fail to consider that Tzu's writings may not be entirely appropriate any longer , or simply not valid most of the time .
The Art of War has become increasingly popular in Western culture over the last decades .
Some attribute this to popular movie references , others suggest it is " more accessable .. and has a less specialised vocabulary " .
The computer security industry has firmly embraced it , as references to the work permeate " cyber security " literature .
References to Tzu's work are diverse in the computer security world , but mostly demonstrate an adolescent obsession rather than a basic comprehension of the material and accurate analogy to similar circumstances in a digital world .
Because
Tzu's work is considered " sexy " to many , they tend to shoehorn his thoughts on engaging in war to disparate disciplines that did not exist 2,500 years ago .
Now , it is common to see arbitrary quotes with very loose tie-ins to a presentation , training courses based on or centered around Tzu ( " What do Sun Tzu 's teachings have to say about C compilers .. " really ? ) and security companies named after him ( also suntzudata.com / saecur ) .
The following are examples of the numerous misunderstandings we see in Information Security , when Sun Tzu fanboy mentality overides the logical interpretation and understanding of his work .
Before you decide to convince your boss not to build a wireless network for your intranet , think through how you can solve the problems we have outlined .
The problems may be scary , but that 's why you are reading this book .
Once you know the methods a hacker can use to attack the wireless network , you can protect yourself by closing those holes .
If you have read The Art of War by Sun Tzu , then you should know this saying : " If you know the enemy and know yourself , you need not fear the result of a hundred battles . "
If you know the enemy and know yourself , you need not fear the result of a hundred battles .
If you know yourself but not the enemy , for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat .
If you know neither the enemy nor yourself , you will succumb in every battle .
Perhaps the most often quoted line from the Art of War , and the most obviously bad analogy in today 's world of information security .
At some point in time , sooner rather than later , your company will be compromised , will be ' hacked ' , will lose information or will fall victim to some form of security incident .
You can pretend to know your enemy , you can reflect on your company all day long and ' know yourself ' better than anyone , and it simply will not make a difference sometimes .
In other words , PCI provides a set of tactics to protect the confidentiality and integrity of data .
Great place to start - but it 's only part of the picture .
Applying them appropriately requires situational awareness and knowledge of the company 's core values and strategy .
Sun Tzu's approach at assessing an army 's readiness for battle can be applied to the attaining this knowledge in a business environment .
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory .
Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat .
Quoting
Tzu on tactics versus strategy , and then trying to claim that PCI is a set of " tactics " is absurd .
" Military tactics , the art of organizing an army , are the techniques for using weapons or military units in combination for engaging and defeating an enemy in battle . "
Somehow trying to apply this term and definition ( offensive action ) to a set of industry standards for securing data ( defensive action ) is a lost cause .
Sun
Tzu would win battles with smaller forces .
For example , he would use terrain and mental attacks to amplify the power of his army .
He controlled his enemy 's movements with false retreats .
He drove them to choke points and applied force at the precise point of weakness ( sounds a lot like a buffer overflow attack today ) .
In a position of this sort , even though the enemy should offer us an attractive bait , it will be advisable not to stir forth , but rather to retreat , thus enticing the enemy in his turn ; then , when part of his army has come out , we may deliver our attack with advantage .
With regard to narrow passes , if you can occupy them first , let them be strongly garrisoned and await the advent of the enemy .
This sounds nothing like a buffer overflow .
Forcing people ( data ? ) into a confined space ( stack ? ) with no place for it to go and no ability to escape ( where is the overflow part ? ) is a failed analogy .
The cyber equivalent of spies is covert malware like Trojans and rootkits .
The popularity of this type of code in spam attachments and on infected websiSun Tzu quotes from The Art of War. [ sic ]
Knowledge of the enemy 's disposition can only be obtained from other men .
Knowledge of the spirit world is to be obtained by the divination ; information in natural science may be sought by inductive reasoning ; the laws of the universe can be verified by mathematical calculations ; but the dispositions of the enemy are ascertainable through spies and spies alone .
Ignoring the truncated ending and confusion after " websi " , quoting Tzu about knowledge of the enemy 's disposition as compared to Trojans or rootkits is ludicrous .
Continuing the analogy and applying simple logic , a spy gathered information on the enemy remotely ( fingerprinting ? ) ; a spy was not a double agent embedded in the opposing army .
A spy could observe and report back to the general to help guide strategy .
A Trojan or rootkit would be the equivilent of an embedded double - agent , but one that could only see a small part of the army , was not free to move about the enemy camp and would allow an attacker to gain access to one tent in the enemy encampment .
Wow , what bad analogies all around .
[ Dmitri Alperovitch ] said that Russia defines cyberwar as a force multiplier while China views cyber war as a way to get control of an enemy without the need for engaging on a physical field of battle .
" It 's straight out of Sun Tzu , " he said .
I speak of controlling the following things white man : military expenditure , general 's irritation , success through cultivation of moral law , large forces ( your own ) , soldiers ( your own ) , the forces of victory and council - chamber situations .
I do not talk about controlling an enemy , on or off a battle field .
This convoluted news sound - byte really makes no sense at all .
Worse , the paragraph before Alperovitch says the U.S. is " in the midst of a cyber Cold War " .
Uh , the " Cold War " was not an actual war , did not have a battlefield ( physical or virtual ) and really is n't a topic
Tzu covered .
The idea that a less - capable foe can take on a militarily superior opponent also aligns with the thoughts of the ancient Chinese general , Sun Tzu .
In his book " The Art of War , " the strategist advocates stealth , deception and indirect attack to overcome a stronger opponent in battle .
It is the rule in war , if our forces are ten to the enemy 's one , to surround him ; if five to one , to attack him ; if twice as numerous , to divide our army into two .
If equally matched , we can offer battle ; if slightly inferior in numbers , we can avoid the enemy ; if quite unequal in every way , we can flee from him .
Hence , though an obstinate fight may be made by a small force , in the end it must be captured by the larger force .
Did you even read the damned treatise ?
Standards like PCI serve an important role in creating a baseline for data protection and a common language for the discussion of the related issues .
However , they are not designed to contribute to market responsiveness / agility .
The enlightened business creates synergies between the tactics communicated in these standards / regulations and their core competencies / strategies .
If Generals do not know how to adapt advantageously , even if they know the lay of the land they can not take advantage of it .
Again , quoting Tzu on Generals ( leaders ) not knowing how to " adapt advantageously " and relating it to PCI DSS , a glorified checklist that is oft applied to a limited scope that is not adapted by auditors to cover all of the relevant resources in an organization , is a poor analogy .
Sun
Tzu would send an assassin to the enemy 's camp and kill the opposing general right before the battle ( in technology that is called a zero - day attack ) .
The ensuing chaos made victory nearly certain .
Whether the object be to crush an army , to storm a city , or to assassinate an individual , it is always necessary to begin by finding out the names of the attendants , the aides - de- camp , and door - keepers and sentries of the general in command .
Our spies must be commissioned to ascertain these .
First ,
Tzu never said anything about assassinating the enemy general .
While it is possible he employed that technique in battles , we have not found citation to confirm it .
Second , the one reference to ' assassination ' in the Art of War , quoted above , talks about the practice in general and even says " an individual " .
If the opposing general is the leader figure , then the analogy today would be more akin to taking out the CEO , CSO or some leadership role .
If the opposing general represents a technological lead , then perhaps an analogy to a denial of service attack against the security infrastructure of a target company would be appropriate .
Either way , the idea of slaying the opposing general is nothing akin to a " zero - day attack " , an attack based on exploiting a vulnerability " unknown to others or undisclosed to developers " .
The threat of a dead general , be it to assassin , disease or accident , was a known threat .
Further , while a suddenly dead general would cause chaos to the enemy , a zero - day attack likely remains undetected and undiscovered , not bringing about chaos .
Failed analogy all around .
Perhaps the most fundamental flaw most people seem to exhibit is their desire to compare Sun Tzu's Art of War to today 's issues , when it was really only applicable twenty or more years ago .
Back then , administrators found themselves in a situation where they could know their attacker , or come to know them .
Perhaps the most well - known case of this is Cliff Stoll and his tale outlined in the Cuckoo 's Egg .
This was one administrator against one attacker and what turned into a long cat and mouse game .
Their virtual struggles are more in line with Tzu 's outlines regarding knowing an ememy and knowing one 's self .
Today ?
See the list earlier in this article .
There are thousands of people scanning your system every day .
The motive for their activity is as diverse as the people on the other side of the keyboard .
No matter how well you get to know one , keeping that one out will do nothing to protect you from the other thousands .
Today 's Internet and system defense is n't a chess game any more .
Rather , it is a game of dodgeball where the other team has a thousand players , do not use regulation equipment and are throwing at a deaf and blind opponent .
Enjoy the baseball to the groin as you finally figure out who one of the thousand opponents are .
Warfare in the days of Tzu was about a large army led by one general and a handful of officers .
Anyone below the rank of a general was a soldier and there generally was n't a lot of free thinking related to battles .
" Knowing the enemy " was about knowing the small command structure ( i.e. , general , officers ) and logistics of the opposing army ( e.g. , troop count , location , weaponry ) .
Tzu's treatise was written with this type of warfare in mind , and it was brilliant .
In this day and age , warfare is different , and no matter how you try to shoehorn his work in , it will be very uncomfortable in some spots .
It is also interesting to note how security professionals love to quote
Tzu in a capacity that contradicts some of security 's old maxims .
For example , the extremely popular and often parroted , " security through obscurity is no security at all ! "
As a long - time advocate of " security through obscurity " as one of many methods to achieve a secure environment , it is refreshing to see more professionals accept this basic truth .
Unfortunately , many found this acceptance by latching on to various passages in the Art of War and realizing that obscurity can be a valuable tool .
If Sun Tzu is n't a good choice for InfoSec analogies , who is ?
After considering many of the frequent examples above , the obvious answer is " just about anyone else " .
In the last 2,500 years , if a more suitable and timely treatise has not been written governing ideas behind warfare , perhaps we should just admit that a new treatise should be written governing computer attack and defense .
And please , no treatise on " cyberwar " , or we 'll be forced to write another rant .
Until that new magical treatise is written , let us consider other notable figures that can guide us on computer ' warfare ' just as well as Sun Tzu .
When considering their lessons , it may be surprising to you to find how they are seemingly more relevant to today 's security threats and dealing with thousands of enemies at a time .
It is interesting that so many in the industry are such fans of Tzu , while not using Carl von Clausewitz ' Vom Kriege or Niccolò Machiavelli's Dell 'arte della guerra .
While
Tzu was a formidable military strategist , he was not one who put that strategy to use as other generals did .
Genghis Khan was the founder and backbone of the Mongol Empire , the largest contiguous empire in history .
He revolutionized warfare for his time and put his strategy and military tactics to decisive use .
Running campaigns on multiple fronts , he expanded the Mongol Empire in opposite directions at the same time .
Comparing Khan 's military tactics to today 's entrenched companies is more appropriate than Tzu by far .
One could easily argue that Khan thought beyond ' chess ' in battle ; he would also come at you with every possible weapon , tactic and strategy at the same time if it ensured victory .
Khan himself did not lead all of the Mongol offensives , as he gave absolute trust to his generals .
" Know the enemy " takes on new meaning when you must know the ruler and every one of his generals , who were empowered to lead as they saw fit , and frequently used their own ideas and tactics in battles .
A commander is to personally examine the troops and their armament before going to battle , to supply the troops with everything they need for the campaign and to survey everything even to needle and thread , and if any soldiers lack a necessary thing that commander is to be punished .
This quote alone should resonate with any IT or security staff , given the dismal budget and resources typically given in most companies .
Without the right tools , you cannot defend your position regardless of how well you ( think ) you know the enemy .
Strategy goes right out the window when the fancy IDS has no one monitoring it due to budget cuts .
Commanders must understand the fatigue and discomfort of their soldiers by experiencing it themselves .
Before you worry about knowing that enemy , know your own army .
Their morale and ability to respond to attacks is critical .
Spend time in their part of the camp , have first - hand knowledge of what they go through in defending your empire .
Do n't behave as high as a mountain .
Do n't let your ego muck up the waters .
You will get compromised at some point .
You will face foes that are smarter , more dedicated and more resourceful .
No matter how well you know your enemy , he will surprise you .
Plan on it .
Do not wash clothes until they are completely worn out .
If your current clothes ( technology ) works , let it .
Do n't fall prey to the upgrade slave routine .
Do n't embrace new technology for the sake of embracing it or because some think tank analyst firm said " everyone else is " .
Remember , they did n't experience the discomfort of your soldiers like you did .
They are ' advisors ' , usually with a financial interest .
Samuel Langhorne Clemens , better known to most as Mark Twain , was fascinated with science and scientific inquiry .
With a few inventions and patents under his belt , we should actually look toward his humorist side for insight into computer security .
Some of the fun quips from this famous author may seem light and frivolous on the outside , but can be just as relevant to the protection of your virtual assets , if considered in the right light .
Sure , some of his more profound thinking can be applied to that pointy haired boss rather than the firewall , IDS or wiley hacker that seeks to plunder your network .
However , that does n't make his wisdom any less relevant to your organization .
" The fool saith , ' Put not all thy eggs in one basket ' ... but the wise man saith , ' Put all your eggs in one basket , and watch that basket ! ' "
Twain clearly had a vision for managing data storage in the enterprise .
The more locations that data resides , the harder it is to secure and monitor that data .
Clearly ,
Twain is suggesting a single data store with appropriate data classification and DLP tools to verify the integrity and confidentiality of that data are key to protecting that data .
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure .
CIOs and IT managers experience a disincentive to properly fund security operations , since even a modestly funded and staffed security operation will reveal weaknesses and even compromises , which then need to be reported to business management , shareholders and other stakeholders .
If a breach is detected , it must be reported , so the easy decision is to not look too closely at what 's going on in your network .
Just buy an IDS / IPS and configure it to email alerts to someone on the help desk .
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education .
Formal schooling in information security ( e.g. , college , certifications , bootcamps ) should be given consideration , but not make up the sum of your expertise .
The education you receive on the job , in the trenches , will be more useful and practical than a CISSP certification .
If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way .
For many organizations , data security is an insubstantial bogeyman and threats only exists in Russia and China .
For these organizations , the publicity , cost and public relations hit of a breach is the only way they learn to internalize the need for data security .
The lack of money is the root of all evil .
If it was n't for underfunded data security programs , there would n't be any cyber crime , would there , Private Pyle ?!?!
( Combining Mark Twain and Full Metal Jacket , we 've now gone somewhere we never thought we'd be ) .
With
Tzu coming up short , and those who " study " his works coming up shorter , it really can be left up to the imagination for relevant material to be dragged into the computer security discipline to be forged into future bad analogies .
Apparently it does n't matter that security professionals find the need to dumb down computer security for their audience , be it executives , users or the audience of a presentation .
Instead of focusing on that being the issue , most are happy to traipse about bad - analogy land instead of truly educating users through more focused material .
If that 's the case , why go with the old favorite of Tzu ?
Why not branch out and have fun with your audience ?
After all , if you have to compare today 's technology and the threat of computer criminals to your network , why settle on a 2,500 year old general who only had experience with an abacus ?
Jump to a more modern set of heroes that can give us wisdom on attack and defense , conquering hearts and minds , knowing the enemy and / or the appeal of a filbert .
Everybody 's got plans ... until they get hit .
-- Mike Tyson
All the plans , policy and technical defenses you have are great , but the first time you get popped , they all go out the window .
Everything becomes about damage control , both technical and publicity , as your head spins and you figure out what happened .
Squirrels have small ears Mike , back off .
Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise , terror , sabotage , assassination .
This is the war of the future .
- Adolf Hitler
This is a really ominous quote that seems very relevant to dealing with an enemy .
Although , we are not sure if this suggests you should inflict terror on those attacking you , sabotage your own network to prevent attacks or assassinate ' the enemy from within ' which clearly means Bob the janitor or Walt the CISO .
( On knowing the enemy ) I know you .
You know you .
And I know you know that I know you .
- " White Goodman " in Dodgeball Know your enemy , for he will know himself and you can know that he knows himself .
All this knowing still wo n't protect you from a 0 - day , trusted employee betraying you or help you should the other enemy attack you .
Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes .
-
Old squirrel proverb
All your knowledge of an enemy can make you warm on the inside , but the ' known ' attacker will find a shell sometimes .
Not a nut shell , a root shell .
Look it up .
If these examples demonstrate that falling back to the same
Tzu quotes are n't necessary , we encourage you to pick a random figure from history and see if his or her notable quotes apply to information security .
The next presentation that flashes a Tzu quote will prompt us to walk out .
The next presentation that equates the ideas of Joan of Arc , Shrek or Charles Manson to information security should be entertaining and engaging .
If these are n't interesting or you can't find their relevance to computer security , our last idea of who you should consider quoting , that may seem really outlandish and mind - blowing , are some of the pioneers of information security .
Anderson 's " Computer Security Technology Planning Study " , Ware 's " Security Controls for Computer Systems " or Myers ' " Subversion : The Neglected Aspect of Computer Security " can all offer insight into the security problems we face today , despite being written thirty years ago ( or more ) .
To borrow a quote from Tzu , and use it to our ends :
" The general ( presenter ) that hearkens to my ( our ) counsel and acts upon it , will conquer : let such a one be retained in command !
( praised )
The general that hearkens not to my ( our ) counsel nor acts upon it , will suffer defeat :-- let such a one be dismissed ! " ( boo 'd off stage )
Copyright 2010 by Steve Tornio and Brian Martin .
Permission is granted to quote , reprint or redistribute provided the text is not altered , appropriate credit is given and a link to the original copy is included .
Custom graphics courtesy of Cupcake and Lyger .
Should you feel generous , please donate a couple of bucks to any 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit that benefits animals or computer security on our behalf .
Making a Difference in Our Clients ’ Lives
The attorneys at Plymale & Dingus are backed by over 80 years of collective experience .
Whether you or a loved one are dealing with the repercussions of an injury caused by someone else 's negligence , we are here to provide you with the personalized , one - on - one representation you deserve .
Do n't wait to take the first step – contact our firm today .
This website is an ADVERTISEMENT of the Law Firm of Plymale & Dingus .
We believe that nobody should ever hire a lawyer based solely on that lawyer ’s advertising or self - proclaimed expertise .
At Plymale & Dingus we strongly suggest that you investigate a lawyer ’s education , training and experience before hiring that lawyer .
We are happy to discuss these matters with our potential clients .
Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , who was effectively pushed out of the GOP this spring , could emerge as the de facto Democratic nominee in the Senate race this fall .
Dems flirt with backing Crist
The emergence of a politically unknown billionaire self - funder in the Florida Senate race is prompting top Democrats in the state to say publicly what some have been whispering for weeks :
If Jeff Greene , who got rich betting on the collapse of the housing market , becomes their nominee , many in the party will have the cover they need to get behind Republican - turned - independent Gov. Charlie Crist .
Establishment Democrats in Florida , for now , are sticking with Rep. Kendrick Meek , who lags far behind in early general election polls against Crist and Republican Marco Rubio .
Yet with Greene promising to drop at least $ 40 million of his fortune on the primary and pulling neck and neck with Meek in one survey , Sunshine State Democrats are beginning to consider the increasingly realistic prospect that their nominee might be a “ meltdown mogul ” — one who collects erotic art , had Mike Tyson serve as his best man and once hosted “ Hollywood Madam ” Heidi Fleiss as a house guest .
Faced with such an awkward possibility , many influential Democrats indicated that supporting Crist — who has quickly moved leftward since leaving the GOP — or just remaining quiet would be the better of the unenviable options .
Advertisement
The situation is fluid .
Many unknown factors hang between now and the August primary , as well as the general election — not the least of which is how Crist and Rubio will be affected by a criminal investigation into the state Republican Party that has already resulted in a former party chairman ’s arrest .
But in the two months since he dropped his party affiliation , Crist has unapologetically altered his position on a variety of issues to get in line with core constituencies of the Democratic Party , and in doing so , he has managed to cut deeply into Meek ’s vote share within his own party .
Meanwhile , Greene has already spent $ 4 million of his own money to blanket the state ’s 10 media markets with ads .
With Greene ’s baggage and Crist ’s efforts to woo liberals and moderates , senior national Democrats indicate privately that they ’d most likely remain on the sidelines if Meek is not the nominee .
It all adds up to this : Crist , written off this spring after being effectively pushed out of the GOP by Rubio , could emerge as the de facto Democratic nominee this fall .
Or , as Broward County Democratic Chairman and former state Democratic Chairman Mitch Ceasar put it , Crist could head the “ anybody but Marco campaign . ”
“ If polls indicate that Greene is down by 20 points , then Crist becomes more attractive because then , at least , you stop Rubio and extremism , ” Ceasar said .
Florida Democratic officeholders , dreading the prospect of sharing the same ticket as Greene , are even blunter about what they might do should Meek lose .
“ What a lot of us will have to decide is , do we stay out of the race or support Crist , ” said one member of the Florida congressional delegation .
“ It will be tempting to endorse Crist . ”
Of Greene ’s big - money effort , this Democrat fumed : “ The whole thing is obnoxious . ”
Florida ’s leading Democratic donors are also unambiguous about their distaste for Greene , and they fear the consequences of his winning the nomination .
“ I think if Greene wins the primary , which I do n’t think is going to happen , the conventional wisdom is it would help Charlie Crist , ” said Chris Korge , a Miami - area real estate developer and party bundler .
“ A lot of the [ Democratic ] base wo n’t vote .
Some will go to Crist . ”
Korge added that the defeat of Meek , who is African - American , could depress black turnout , which is key for the gubernatorial hopes of Democrat Alex Sink .
“ It would become a national nightmare for the Democratic Party , ” Korge said .
Mitchell Berger , an influential attorney and donor based in Fort Lauderdale , said the affable Crist “ has made a point of being personable to people of all political persuasions . ”
Even though the attorney is a Democratic stalwart , Berger noted that Crist still sends him notes whenever he wins major cases .
“ In a three - way race , that will count for something , ” the Democrat said , “ as opposed to somebody who tries to buy something . ”
Berger said that Meek , whose mother held his seat before him and who has been in elective office for 16 years , could keep the Democratic base from rushing to Crist but that Greene would face a situation similar to 1994 .
That ’s when Democrats nominated Hugh Rodham , Hillary Clinton ’s brother , to take on Sen. Connie Mack , who enjoyed wide popularity .
“ A lot of the Democratic base was n’t enamored with Hugh Rodham but did like Connie Mack , ” said Berger , suggesting Crist would play the role of Mack , his former boss , who crushed Rodham that year .
Another top Democratic donor in the state who is close to the Obama administration did n’t hesitate when asked about a Greene vs. Crist matchup — he ’d choose Crist .
“ I could n’t publicly come out and support him , but I would vote for him . ”
The new developments represent a remarkable twist of fate for the governor , who has gone from Republican rising star to man without a party to independent , third - party front - runner in the space of a year .
Crist ’s improved fortunes are partially the result of a series of dizzying position changes .
The governor has vetoed an education reform bill teachers unions did n’t like , vetoed a bill abortion rights advocates did n’t like , reversed his stance on gays in the military , reversed his support for offshore drilling and come out for the Supreme Court nomination of Elena Kagan , after opposing Sonia Sotomayor when he was running as a Republican .
He ’s also made symbolic overtures to Democrats , appearing at the state AFL - CIO convention , hiring well - known Florida and national party strategists and racking up minutes on his cell phone through calls to activists .
“ It ’s smart politics , ” said Ceasar , who got a call from Crist last month before the governor came to his area .
Further , the oil spill in the Gulf has granted Crist multiple opportunities to appear with President Barack Obama — including Tuesday , when he appeared with Obama in Pensacola — and garner publicity as more governor than candidate .
It has all translated in the polls .
A Quinnipiac survey earlier this month showed that in a three - way race with Meek , the congressman would win 44 percent of Democrats , while Crist would be close behind with 37 percent of Democrats .
Overall , Crist led the race with 37 percent to Rubio ’s 33 percent and Meek ’s 17 percent .
Florida Democratic Party Chairwoman Karen Thurman said there was a simple reason Meek was languishing in the teens : “ He has n’t gone on TV yet . ”
After that happens , she argued , he ’d surge past Greene , who got into the race only in April .
“ At the end of day , the hard work he has put into this race will pay off , ” Thurman said of Meek .
There is no doubt , though , that Greene has Democrats spooked .
Steve Schale , a top Democratic operative in Tallahassee who ran Obama ’s Florida campaign in 2008 , said Greene ’s TV campaign and his effective tie with Meek in the Quinnipiac poll earlier this month have awakened party leaders to the threat he poses .
Recalling a meeting he had with Democratic donors in Orlando last weekend , Schale said the common refrain was : “ What are we going to do to help Kendrick get out of the primary ? ”
The Obama administration has proposed banning for - profit colleges from tying recruiters ’ pay to the number of people they enroll , saying high - pressure sales tactics induced students to take out government loans they ca n’t afford .
The rules would prohibit paying sales incentives at Carmel - based ITT Educational Services Inc. , Apollo Group Inc. , Career Education Corp . and other for - profit colleges , according to a copy of the proposal by the U.S. Department of Education to be made public Wednesday .
At for - profit colleges , recruiters contact potential students , often after they express interest over the Internet .
U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan is seeking to protect taxpayers from loan defaults and to stop students from taking on debt for programs that do n’t lead to higher incomes .
For - profit colleges can receive up to 90 percent of their revenue from federal grants and loans .
Federal aid to for - profit colleges jumped to $ 26.5 billion last year from $ 4.6 billion in 2000 , according to the Education Department .
“ This is about accountability and protecting students , ” Duncan said in a statement .
The Obama administration delayed the release of a proposed rule that would disqualify for - profit colleges from receiving federal aid if their graduates spend more than 8 percent of their starting salaries repaying student loans .
The Education Department is still analyzing the proposal and expects to release the rule , known as gainful employment , between now and August , the agency said in a statement .
For - profit colleges lobbied against the gainful - employment rule , which could disqualify programs enrolling 300,000 students , according to an April study commissioned by the Washington - based Career College Association , which represents more than 1,400 for - profit colleges .
Education stocks last week rallied on analysts ’ reports citing the potential delay of the gainful employment rule .
Apollo , based in Phoenix , rose 70 cents , or 1.5 percent , to close at $ 48.30 Tuesday .
Career Education , based in Hoffman Estates , Ill. , rose 71 cents , or 2.7 percent , to $ 26.91 .
ITT rose $ 1.39 , or 1.5 percent , to $ 97.18 .
Colleges would no longer be allowed to tie recruiters ’ pay to enrollment under any circumstances , according to the new rules .
The current regulations prohibit the practice while allowing exceptions , or “ safe harbors . ”
“ Unscrupulous actors routinely rely on these safe harbors ” to get around the law , the Education Department said .
While the proposed rules apply to all colleges , they are designed to target abuses among for - profits , the department said .
The Education Department ’s description of recruiting violations among for - profits amounts to “ a lot of hyperbole , ” Harris Miller , the Career College Association ’s president , said in an interview .
Colleges should be allowed to continue taking enrollment into account among other factors in compensating recruiters , Miller said .
The new rule on recruiter pay could have a broad impact on the industry , Matt Snowling , an analyst with FBR Capital Markets in Arlington , Va. , said in a phone interview .
“ The incentive compensation rule is probably a bigger threat to the industry than gainful employment , ” Snowling said .
“ By limiting the schools ability to market themselves , it takes away some of their ability to grow . ”
Apollo ’s University of Phoenix last December agreed to pay $ 67.5 million to the U.S. and $ 11 million in legal fees to plaintiffs to settle a whistleblower suit arising from allegations from former employees that that company improperly paid recruiters based on enrollment numbers .
Apollo admitted no wrongdoing .
The company , without admitting fault , paid $ 9.8 million in 2004 to the Department of Education to settle similar claims .
Apollo started reviewing recruiter compensation 18 months ago , with a focus on “ enhancing student satisfaction and student experience , ” spokeswoman Sara Jones said in an e-mail .
“ We anticipate that our new compensation will be in compliance with the forthcoming regulations by the U.S. Department of Education but cannot confirm until the rules are finalized , ” Jones said .
The proposed rules also would require colleges to disclose information about employment prospects to students and strengthen the Education Department ’s authority to take action against institutions engaging in “ deceptive , marketing and sales practices , ” the department said in a statement .
The proposed rules , being issued for public comment , could be made final Nov. 1 and take effect in July 2011 .
NOTE : I do NOT condone this behavior .
But I still found it funny …
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Mark Webber says he and Red Bull Racing have now cleared the air over the British Grand Prix wing row , following sit down talks at the Milton Keynes factory on Wednesday .
The Australian was furious at Silverstone that the team had removed a new wing design from his car and put it on team - mate Sebastian Vettel 's shortly before qualifying .
He claimed after the race that he would never have re-signed a deal with the team for 2010 if he knew that was how he was going to get treated .
However , with the emotions of the weekend having now cooled a little , Webber is much calmer about the situation after finally meeting with team principal Christian Horner to discuss the matter .
In a statement that was issued on his own website on Wednesday night , Webber said all the issues of the weekend had been discussed and that there no lasting tension going forward .
" My disappointment on Saturday after qualifying spilled over into Sunday but it was simply due to the fact that I , along with every other driver on the grid , wanted the best possible chance of success , " wrote Webber .
" Sebastian received the newer front wing for reasons which were not clearly explained to me until Saturday late afternoon .
Obviously I can see why a team may at certain points have to favour a driver with more points in the championship , if there are only enough resources to fully support one of us .
" We 've already debriefed the race weekend at the factory and have cleared the air .
It 's now understood that , should we face this unlikely dilemma again , preference will go to the championship points leader . "
Webber also conceded that his ' not bad for a number two ' comment made on the radio straight after the race was probably not the best thing to have said .
" Of course things get said in the heat of the moment which , with hindsight goggles on , probably should n't have been said .
Formula 1 is a highly charged and fiercely competitive arena where emotions and adrenalin do run high from time to time like in many sports and my comment on the radio after the race was an example of Australian sarcasm - either at its best or worst depending on how you choose to take it .
" But rest assured , under the helmet I was massively rapped about winning one of the most prestigious events on the F1 calendar and Red Bull Racing 's local race .
It 's a home race of sorts for me ; I only live 40 minutes down the road and the UK and Buckinghamshire in particular has been home to me for the past 15 years so Silverstone and the British GP are both very special to me . "
Webber also made it clear that his working relationships with both Horner and Vettel had not been soured by the events of the Silverstone weekend .
" Christian Horner and I have known each other for many years ; we 're friends and have a strong mutual respect which continues and extends to other activities , such as our GP3 team and interest in finding and nurturing young racing talent , " he said .
" The team has produced an awesome car and has come a long way in a short space of time .
There are more than 500 people at the Red Bull Racing factory at Milton Keynes and I know that each and every one of them share the highs and lows that Sebastian and I experience during the season .
" The support we both enjoy is phenomenal and on Sunday evening many of them joined us at Christian 's annual post - race party and celebrated our win in style . "
He added : " The respect within the team extends to the drivers .
I know I have a very good driver as a team - mate and I would n't want it any other way .
We share information freely in team meetings and contribute to the development and improvement of our cars .
" Seb and I are not enemies , we 're just two drivers that are pushing hard and want to do the best for ourselves and the team , it 's as simple as that .
" The British Grand Prix was a wonderful result for myself and the team ; however time moves fast and looking in the mirror for too long does n't prepare us for Germany .
We 've moved on . "
Durable relationships .
Under the assumptions of the model , there is a unique effort policy that takes the initial feeling x0 to the unique equilibrium E .
This is achieved by setting the initial effort at point A to get onto the stable manifold Ws+ and then following path AE to approach equilibrium .
Image credit : PLoS ONE , doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0009881 .
See the paper for more details .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Most people know love takes work , and effort is needed to sustain a happy relationship over the long term , but now a mathematician in Spain has for the first time explained it mathematically by developing a dynamical mathematical model based on the second law of thermodynamics to model " sentimental dynamics . "
The results are consistent with sociological data on marriage breakdowns .
Most couples marry only after careful consideration and most are determined to make their marriage last , and a happy marriage is widely considered in Western societies to be important for overall happiness .
Yet soaring divorce rates and break ups of de facto relationships across Europe and the U.S. show these plans and ideals are failing .
Many scholars attribute the increasing rates of breakdown to economic forces and changes in sexual divisions of labor , but this does not fully explain the continuing rise in those rates .
The research was carried out by José - Manuel Rey of the Department of Economic Analysis , at the Universidad Complutense in Madrid , and aimed to provide a mathematical model to explain rising rates of marital breakdown .
Using the optimal control theory model , Rey developed an equation based on the “ second thermodynamic law for sentimental interaction , ” which states a relationship will disintegrate unless “ energy ” ( effort ) is fed into it .
The results of the mathematical analysis showed when both members of union are similar emotionally they have an “ optimal effort policy , ” which results in a happy , long - lasting relationship .
The policy can break down if there is a tendency to reduce the effort because maintaining it causes discomfort , or because a lower degree of effort results in instability .
Paradoxically , according to the second law model , a union everyone hopes will last forever is likely break up , a feature Rey calls the “ failure paradox ” .
According to the model , successful long - term relationships are those with the most tolerable gap between the amount of effort that would be regarded by the couple as optimal and the effort actually required to keep the relationship happy .
The mathematical model also implies that when no effort is put in the relationship can easily deteriorate .
Breakup mechanics .
The model produces a plausible scenario , through a sequence of effort inattentions , for the deterioration of a relationship in a gradual form , which seems to be typical according to data .
Because of the effort gap , there is a tendency to lower the right effort level .
Then the intrinsic instability of sentimental dynamics obeying the second law causes the piecewise decaying trajectories to move further and further away from the target trajectory and eventually to cross the threshold level xmin .
This is considered a point of pre-rupture , since it is a matter of time before effort is abandoned .
Credit : PLoS ONE , doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0009881
The mathematical model may help explain why couples split in real - life scenarios , and adds to our understanding of how and why relationships go wrong .
Having a better understanding of this can help us to work out how to make the relationship improve , which is helpful because broken relationships pose major sociological , economic , and other problems in our society .
The study is also a reminder it is better to work on the relationship when the going is good , instead of relaxing and then finding the increased work necessary to fix a disintegrating relationship is more than considered reasonable .
The paper is published and available online at PLoS ONE and is dedicated to “ the unique long - standing sentimental equilibrium of Pepe Rey and Ana Simó ” .
More information : Rey J- M ( 2010 ) A Mathematical Model of Sentimental Dynamics Accounting for Marital Dissolution .
PLoS ONE 5 ( 3 ) : e9881 . Rey J- M ( 2010 ) A Mathematical Model of Sentimental Dynamics Accounting for Marital Dissolution .
PLoS ONE 5 ( 3 ) : e9881 . doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0009881
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
True Blood
Werewolves , step aside .
As this exclusive photo reveals , a panther has been spotted on the set of HBO 's True Blood , and will make her on - screen debut in mid-August .
Could this be a sign that the series is tearing a page from Charlaine Harris ' books and transforming fan fave Jason Stackhouse into a werepanther ?
While Ryan Kwanten ( Jason ) confirms to me , " I 've been working with the panthers and they 're a lot cooler than the wolves , " creator Alan Ball only says , " We have shot some scenes with actual panthers in the same way we have shot with actual wolves .
But I wo n't say there are or are n't werepanthers on the show . "
And if I were to tell you anymore , I 'm afraid I might get my eyes clawed out .
Subscribe to TV Guide Magazine now !
Continuing on with his “ 9th Wonder Presents ” series , he introduces the production team known as The Soul Council .
Directed by Kenneth Price .
PREVIOUS : 9th Wonder x XXL ( Video )
She ’s a character as cultured , complicated and indelible as the actress who embodies her .
In the visually sumptuous new drama “ I Am Love , ” Tilda Swinton plays Emma , a stylish Russian émigré adopted into the Italian bourgeoisie .
The matriarch of the Recchi family , a powerful Milan - based textile dynasty , she escapes her gilded cage and growing loneliness via an affair with a younger man , a chef and business associate of her son , who awakens her culinary and carnal passions .
Set during the early 2000s , “ I Am Love , ” which opens in Los Angeles on Friday , finds its emotional currency questioning the price paid when escaping the yoke of the expected .
It ’s yet another memorable turn for the 49 - year - old Scottish actress , who has also decided to take the road less traveled with her career , which continues to see her leaping between big - budget studio movies ( “ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ” ) and more challenging art - house fare ( “ The Limits of Control ” ) .
Though perhaps best known stateside for her stern - faced turns in “ The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe ” and as the ambitious attorney in " Michael Clayton , ” for which she won an Oscar , Swinton is anything but fearsome in person .
Rather , her easy enthusiasm is infectious , as she talks about her transformation into the role of a disaffected trophy wife who struggles with empty - nest feelings of isolation as her adult - aged son and daughter move on with their lives .
It ’s a nuanced performance made more challenging by the language itself — Swinton delivers her lines in flawless Italian , but with a slight Russian lilt .
“ I think of her as an avatar … " Swinton said of Emma .
“ She comes into that milieu and has to learn to walk the walk and to talk the talk literally .
She ’s downloading Catherine Deneuve in ‘ Belle de Jour ’ as much as I am . ”
Cinematic references play their part in “ I Am Love , ” not just with Emma , but between Swinton and director Luca Guadagnino , who bonded over a shared desire to create an “ emotional cinema that ’s very often related to a cinema of the past . ”
The two first met in 1994 when a 22 - year - old Guadagnino pestered Swinton outside a tribute screening in Rome with a script for a short based on William S. Burroughs ’
“ Penny Peep Show Arcade . ”
The short never came to pass , but two collaborations would follow : 1999 ’s “ The Protagonists , ” a serious - minded mockumentary about a film crew investigating a series of senseless murders that Guadagnino described as “ a weird , wild guerrilla thing , ” and 2002 ’s “ The Love Factory , ” in which Swinton is filmed in a tight close - up talking to her director about matters of the heart .
The latter planted the seeds for “ I Am Love . ”
Soon after , Swinton and Guadagnino set about creating a film based around a “ very quiet person [ in ] an environment breakable by the revolution of love , ” said Swinton , inspired by the tragic heroines of Flaubert and Tolstoy , but also of the great melodramas of the ‘ 50s and ‘ 60s and the visual influences of an immaculate Audrey Hepburn and Hitchcock blonds on the high society set .
During the seven - year development process that followed , Swinton would enlist Raf Simons of Jil Sander to outfit Emma in simple yet elegant sheath dresses , just one of the many tasks outside of her acting duties that she would encounter as a producer on the project , a role she has held unofficially on much of her previous work .
“ For me , it ’s not a question of finding things , it ’s a question of growing them , ” said Swinton , who “ came to a few American parties with the Coen brothers , George Clooney and David Fincher ” in recent years , but obviously prefers to nurture less established talents like Guadagnino , “ Julia ” director Erick Zonca , and Lynne Ramsay , the acclaimed filmmaker of “ Morvern Callar , ” with whom Swinton is close to wrapping the eagerly awaited adaptation of Lionel Shriver ’s “ We Need to Talk About Kevin . ”
There ’s a theme to be found in Swinton ’s penchant for playing mothers who do n’t necessarily learn to become better parents from their children but , instead , discover something they did n’t know about themselves from their progeny .
Having 12 - year - old twins of her own , Swinton says her main contribution to “ I Am Love ” was helping to shape the portrait of Emma ’s daughter , an art student whose revelation that she ’s a lesbian is one of the driving reasons for Emma to shake up her own lifestyle .
“ There ’s something the daughter releases [ Emma ] into which she can’t find by herself , ” said Swinton .
“ I think that ’s one of the things that I personally feel very strongly — that privilege of being a parent is that it provides you with what you need to go on . ”
calendar@latimes.com
( Natural News )
The FDA has sent warning letters to four pharmaceutical companies citing them for omitting and minimizing information about risks and exaggerating potential benefits in material promoting their drugs .
The letters order the companies to cease banned marketing behaviors and instruct their employees on rules for promotions , but do not impose any fines or other sanctions .
Among the companies reprimanded are Amylin Pharmaceuticals and Eli Lilly & Co. for their diabetes drug Byetta .
The FDA letter notes that at a meeting of the Endocrine Society in June , an Amylin representative told an FDA employee that the drug caused 80 percent of patients to lose seven to eight pounds in 30 weeks of treatment .
When the FDA representative asked about the source of that claim , he was provided with copies of two published studies that did not support it .
The letter states that Amylin representatives made other misleading or false statements about the drug 's benefits , and suggested that it could be used as a standalone treatment .
At the time of the conference , Byetta was not yet approved as a standalone drug , making it illegal for the company to promote it for that use .
Eli Lilly was also taken to task for " entirely [ omitting ] risk information " in a print ad for the antidepressant Cymbalta , and for minimizing risks and exaggerating benefits in another ad .
Cephalon was reprimanded for promotional cards for the lymphoma drug Treanda , which contain " an extremely limited risk presentation " and omit " important material information related to the dosing claims .
" Finally , the FDA sent a letter to Bayer over its marketing campaign for the intra-uterine device Mirena .
In addition to playing down risks and making false and misleading statements , the FDA notes that Bayer 's ad campaign makes unsubstantiated statements claiming that " the use of Mirena instead of other means of contraception will result in increased levels of intimacy , romance , and by implication , emotional satisfaction . "
The ads also promise that women who use the device will " look and feel great .
" The FDA is unaware of " any evidence suggesting that women who are using Mirena for birth control look great or feel great , " the letter reads .
Sources for this story include : www.boston.com/business/articles/2010/01/13/...
Keeping a butterfly in a jar is a childhood memory we all share .
Unfortunately real butterflies only last a day and we cannot preserve the sensation of watching their beauty time after time .
Until now .
The ChouChou is an amazingly realistic butterfly toy that will , yes , fly and move inside a jar when you tap on the lid .
Simple but mesmerizing , this award - winning creature dazzled visitors to the Tokyo Toy Show 2010 and is likely to become a bestseller on its release in November .
The ChouChou features :
YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK , Wyo. , July 20 ( UPI ) -- A 49 - year - old Utah woman was struck and flipped in the air by a bison at Yellowstone National Park , U.S. Park Service officials said Tuesday .
The Park Service said in a release the incident occurred about 8:30 p.m. Monday as the woman and a 61 - year - old family member were leaving the Biscuit Basin thermal area to rejoin their family in the parking lot .
The bison charged out of some nearby brush and hit the woman , who was injured by the animal 's impact and from hitting the ground .
Advertisement
The woman 's relative was n't hurt by the bison but injured his shoulder , hand and foot when he tripped and fell .
The family started heading to Jackson , Wyo. , in their own vehicle but were intercepted by rangers and emergency crews who transported the victims to a hospital in Jackson .
The Park Service said it was the second time this summer a park visitor had been injured by a bison .
Rangers advise bison weigh up to 2,000 pounds , can run up to 30 mph , are dangerous and should never be approached .
“ I do n’t ever want to die …
It would n’t suit me , ” said Innokenty Osadchy .
Fortunately , the 35 - year - old investment banker is certain he has found a loophole out of death .
Osadchy is ready to pay a small fortune to freeze his brain until future technology allows him to continue his life — after being transplanted into a new body and resuscitated .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Why do I have to die in a couple decades ?
I do n’t see any logic in this , ” Osadchy told AFP .
“ It wo n’t be another life , it ’ll be the continuation of my life .
“ I do n’t ever want to die ever .
Not in a year , not in a million years . ”
Osadchy and other clients of Russian cryonics company KrioRus believe the brain operates like a computer hard - drive and its contents can be frozen and stored for the future .
“ We know that the personality is stored in the brain .
So when a person ’s body is old , there ’s no reason to keep it , ” said Danila Medvedev , who runs KrioRus , the first cryonics outfit outside the United States .
“ We tell our clients it ’s cheaper , safer and probably better preservation just to freeze the brain , ” said Medvedev , a smart executive sporting a suit and an iPad .
ADVERTISEMENT
Cryonics — or the freezing of humans in the hope of future resuscitation — is illegal in France and much of the world , but KrioRus has stored four full bodies and eight people ’s heads in liquid nitrogen - filled metal vats .
While a few are kept at home by their client ’s relatives , most are lumped together in containers at the firm ’s rusting warehouse , where an old desk now serves as a step to allow visitors to peer into the icy - mist where the bodies are stored .
“ You would just need to launch their hearts … then you have a person who is living again , ” Medvedev said , counting on the swift progress of nanotechnology and medicine to help reverse the initial cause of death .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Once you can do that kind of nano - surgery at the cellular level … you can take a person from cryo-stasis ; warm him up gradually and then he will be alive . ”
Since its 2005 launch , KrioRus has been building new vats , in anticipation of the 30 clients , like Osadchy , with whom it already has contracts .
ADVERTISEMENT
The fee is 10,000 dollars for a brain freeze and 30,000 for the full body — all upfront — because , “ when you have a person who is dead as your client , you set up to allow people to pre-pay , ” Medvedev explained .
“ In the case of death , the only chance now is cryo-storage , ” Osadchy said .
“ It was always clear to me that vampires , heaven and hell , and everything godly and supernatural , was n’t real , ” he said .
But scientists at the Soviet Union ’s former premier cryo-biology institute , now in Ukraine , are full of disdain for the idea .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They are cheating people , taking a lot of money :
It ’s fraud , ” said Valentin Grishenko , director of the Ukraine - based institute .
“ If you freeze a body today — even one alive and healthy — after it is defrosted , it wo n’t be alive and whole .
We ca n’t even freeze and preserve organs today — only cells . ”
In addition to the more obvious doubts over cryonics , KrioRus ’ practitioners tread some very fine ethical lines .
Death , for cryonics subscribers , is not when the hearts stops beating .
“ You are dead — irrevocably — when your brain is mush , ” said Medvedev .
ADVERTISEMENT
Cryonics proponents therefore hope to freeze the grey matter as soon as possible after their “ legal death ” and even before that — to drain the persons blood and pump in cryo-protectant solution .
KrioRus first client Lidia Ivanova died before the company even existed .
In a stop - gap move , Medvedev helped Lidia ’s grandson put her brain on dry-ice , which he kept in his apartment for eight months until KrioRus got its first metal container .
Cryonics backers may also freeze their relatives against their will .
ADVERTISEMENT
While Osadchy ’s mother is a church - going Russian Orthodox , opposed to cryonics , he said he would not hesistate to remove her brain for keeping : “ After death that person ca n’t refuse . ”
Medvedev said cryonics ’ offer of eternal life may serve as consolation for those who lost loved ones to death .
“ It ’s actually much better for psychology than anything else because death drives people crazy with sorrow .
With cryonics they have something they can do to help , ” he said .
“ It ’s the lack of certainty that ’s important . ”
But he denied KrioRus was offering its clients false hopes : “ We do n’t give guarantees , we say it be stupid not to try . ”
For Viktor Grebenshchikov , 52 , one of the founders of KrioRus , it is quite simply the chance at another life .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I love life , I think it ’s fun ! ” he said laughing .
“ I like women .
I like to drink wine and play the guitar . ”
He freely admitted that his children laughed at his beliefs , but said : “ If I die in a car crash tomorrow and there is even one chance in a million that I can — by this means — live again , then I ’d be happy . ”
MIDDELBURG , Netherlands ( AP ) — A 14 - year - old Dutch sailor will be allowed to launch a risky attempt to become the youngest person to sail solo around the world , a court said Tuesday , clearing her for an adventure that could begin within two weeks .
Laura Dekker said she was thrilled to hear of the Middelburg family court ’s decision to lift a guardianship order imposed on her last year after she said she wanted to set sail when she was still just 13 .
“ I was so happy I almost jumped into the water , ” Laura told reporters at the harbor where her yacht is moored alongside the boat where she lives with her father .
Presiding Judge S. Kuypers said the decision and responsibility for Laura now “ lies with her parents . ”
“ It is up to them to decide whether Laura can set off on her sail trip , ” he said .
Laura Dekker ’s plan ignited a worldwide debate on how far parents should go in supporting or encouraging their children ’s improbable dreams .
Both of Laura ’s parents , who are separated , now say they support her attempt , though her mother initially had come out against it .
Her father on Tuesday brushed off criticism that he was pushing Laura to do the trip as “ nonsense . ”
“ It was Laura ’s plan from the very beginning , ” Dick Dekker said .
“ I just support her in it . ”
Laura , speaking in both Dutch and English , told reporters she would set off within two weeks for her starting point in Portugal , where she would test her two - masted yacht before embarking on the voyage .
Wearing a pink striped shirt , white trousers and pink sneakers , she then hopped onto her boat and steered it around the harbor for camera crews .
The court had been ruling on a request from the Dutch government ’s umbrella childcare agency , the Council for Child Protection , to extend the guardianship order for another year to prevent Laura from setting sail .
The agency has two weeks to appeal and will study the court ’s decision , spokesman Richard Bakker said .
In a surprising difference of opinion , the youth protection group looking after Laura had disagreed with the Council and said she was ready to sail .
The group had been monitoring her education and preparations for months .
Since making headlines last year by announcing her intention , Laura has obtained a bigger boat and equipped it with modern navigation and safety equipment .
She has studied everything from how to stitch her own wounds to how to cope with sleep deprivation and put out fires onboard her 38 - foot twin - mast ketch .
“ Laura has worked very hard in recent weeks on her survival techniques , ” her lawyer Peter de Lange said .
Recently , she fitted the boat with new cushions and a new sail — both in her favorite color , red — and a sunshade .
Laura and her supporters have plotted a nearly two - year route from port to port around the world — including an alternative path around Africa to avoid the pirate - infested Gulf of Aden if necessary .
Laura , who had a small black skull - and - cross - bones flag fluttering from her rigging , said she was not too afraid of pirates .
“ They do n’t attack yachts so much , ” she said .
“ If you are in a convoy you should be OK . ”
Despite the meticulous preparations , the Council for Child Protection said it remains concerned about her mental and physical development during such a long and lonely trip .
Sailing is in Laura ’s blood .
She was born on a yacht in New Zealand waters while her parents were sailing around the world and holds New Zealand and Dutch passports .
If Laura succeeds in her voyage , she would beat 16 - year - old Australian Jessica Watson in becoming the youngest to sail solo around the world .
Jessica spent 210 days maneuvering her 34 - foot yacht , Ella ’s Pink Lady , around the world , encountering raging storms and 40 - foot waves along the way .
In June , however , 16 - year - old Abby Sunderland of California had to be rescued from her solo trip after a rogue wave snapped her mast in the southern Indian Ocean .
Abby was rescued by a French fishing boat more than 2,000 miles west of Australia two days after the alarm was raised .
Her parents faced fierce criticism for letting her attempt the trip and for the tens of thousands spent by emergency teams on her rescue .
They faced no backlash a year earlier , however , when Abby ’s older brother , Zac , completed the same journey at age 17 , briefly holding the record for circumnavigating the globe alone .
Laura Dekker said she watched Abby Sunderland ’s dramatic rescue unfold , “ but it did n’t really bother me . ”
Laura said her boat was bigger and more stable than Abby ’s , and she was planning to take much longer for her voyage in an effort to catch the best weather .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
The Voyager probes were launched about two weeks apart in 1977 .
Voyager 2 was initially supposed to make a four - year sojourn to Saturn , but 33 years later it is still beaming back data from the far reaches of the solar system .
Data , but no alien transmissions , at least not yet .
But just in case it does run into someone out there , Voyager 2 carries a disk with greetings in more than 50 languages .
More than 27,000 abandoned oil and gas wells remain in the Gulf of Mexico and no one 's checking to see if they are leaking , reports an investigation by the Associated Press .
The AP , calling the Gulf an " environmental minefield , " says the oldest of these wells were abandoned in the late 1940s , raising questions about whether their seals remain intact .
It says 3,500 wells are listed as " temporarily abandoned , " without seals , with 1,000 of them remaining that way for more than a decade .
The Macondo well beneath BP 's Deepwater Horizon rig was being sealed with cement for temporary abandonment when it blew April 20 , according to the AP , which says government data indicate BP alone has abandoned about 600 wells in the Gulf .
The story adds :
There 's ample reason for worry about all permanently and temporarily abandoned wells – history shows that at least on land , they often leak .
Wells are sealed underwater much as they are on land .
And wells on land and in water face similar risk of failure .
Plus , records reviewed by the AP show that some offshore wells have failed .
Experts say such wells can repressurize , much like a dormant volcano can awaken .
And years of exposure to sea water and underground pressure can cause cementing and piping to corrode and weaken ....
Oil company representatives insist that the seal on a correctly plugged offshore well will last virtually forever ....
Officials at the U.S. Interior Department , which oversees the agency that regulates federal leases in the Gulf and elsewhere , did not answer repeated questions regarding why there are no inspections of abandoned wells .
State officials estimate that tens of thousands are badly sealed , either because they predate strict regulation or because the operating companies violated rules .
Texas alone has plugged more than 21,000 abandoned wells to control pollution , according to the state comptroller 's office .
Offshore , but in state waters , California has resealed scores of its abandoned wells since the 1980s .
In deeper federal waters , though – despite the similarities in how such wells are constructed and how sealing procedures can fail – the official policy is out - of - sight , out - of - mind .
The U.S. Minerals Management Service – the regulatory agency recently renamed the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement – relies on rules that have few real teeth ....
Unlike California regulators , MMS does n't typically inspect the job , instead relying on the paperwork ....
Companies permanently abandon wells when they are no longer useful .
Afterward , no one looks methodically for leaks , which can't easily be detected from the surface anyway .
And no one in government or industry goes underwater to inspect , either ....
The AP documented an extensive history of warnings about environmental dangers related to abandoned wells :
_ The General Accountability Office , which investigates for Congress , warned as early as 1994 that leaks from offshore abandoned wells could cause an " environmental disaster , " killing fish , shellfish , mammals and plants .
In a lengthy report , GAO pressed for inspections of abandonment jobs , but nothing came of the recommendation .
_ A 2006 Environmental Protection Agency report took notice of the overall issue regarding wells on land : " Historically , well abandonment and plugging have generally not been properly planned , designed and executed . "
State officials say many leaks come from wells abandoned in recent decades , when rules supposedly dictated plugging procedures .
And repairs are so routine that terms have been coined to describe the work : " replugging " or the " re-abandonment . "
_ A GAO report in 1989 provided a foreboding prognosis about the health of the country 's inland oil and gas wells .
The watchdog agency quoted EPA data estimating that up to 17 percent of the nation 's wells on land had been improperly plugged .
If that percentage applies to offshore wells , there could be 4,600 badly plugged wells in the Gulf of Mexico alone .
_ According to a 2001 study commissioned by MMS , agency officials were " concerned that some abandoned oil wells in the Gulf may be leaking crude oil . "
But nothing came of that warning either .
Last week , workers at the World Trade Center site discovered a 30 - foot section of an 18th - century ship , buried about 20 to 30 feet below street level .
It ’s a remarkable find , but hardly a first for New York .
Since the late 1970s , hundreds of archaeological digs around the city have uncovered thousands of artifacts and structures — each of which have helped to shape our understanding of New York ’s history .
The Op - Ed editors asked 12 local archaeologists to share their most memorable discoveries .
WASHINGTON  President Obama , whose vilification of insurers helped push a landmark health care overhaul through Congress , warned industry executives at the White House on Tuesday not to use the bill “ as an opportunity to enact unjustifiable rate increases that do n’t boost care and inflate their bottom line . ”
Mr. Obama made his remarks in the East Room of the White House after a private meeting with executives of leading health insurance companies and with state insurance commissioners who regulate them .
As the new law is being implemented , the White House wanted to issue a pointed reminder to insurers  and the public  that the president intends to monitor the industry ’s behavior .
“ There are genuine cost drivers that are not caused by insurance companies , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ But what is also true is that we ’ve got to make sure that this new law is not being used as an excuse to simply drive up costs . ”
Mr. Obama convened the White House session mark the 90th day ( Tuesday was actually the 91st ) since he signed the health bill into law .
He also used the occasion to unveil what his administration is calling “ a new Patient ’s Bill of Rights ”  a set of regulations governing how the industry implements some of the most consumer - friendly provisions of the health care bill .
Go figure : Bush Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and then NY Fed President Tim Geithner misled the public as to how bad AIG ’s position actually was .
The two failed to disclose to the public that the AIG problem was even worse than reported .
They described AIG ’s problems as a “ cash squeeze ” when it was in fact a full blown bailout of AIG .
WHat was supposedly a loan to a distressed company in fact was a bailout of dubious legality .
Had the reality of the situation been properly disclosed , the $ 185 billion rescue might not have been made .
Hence , the fraud .
Here is McClatchy :
“ At the peak of the 2008 financial crisis , then - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and top Federal Reserve officials told the nation that there was an urgent need for the government to lend $ 85 billion to the American International Group so the giant insurer ’s temporary cash squeeze would n’t trigger global financial chaos .
Nearly two years later , taxpayers are on the hook for twice that amount , and it now appears that Paulson and senior Federal Reserve officials either plunged ahead without understanding AIG ’s financial situation and the risks it posed to taxpayers — or were less than candid about one of the largest corporate bailouts in U.S. history . ”
The key issue is whether the government had the legal authority to bailout AIG if they were insolvent .
Hence , the motivation for ddeclaring a cash squeeze rather than a full blown bailoutThere is the secondary question of whether the rescue of AIG , as orchestrated by Henry Paulson , was really an indirect rescue of Goldman Sachs .
Recall that more than $ 90 billion in rescue money “ flowed out the back door ” of AIG to the banks that helped create the crisis .
Of course , by now most everyone is aware just who the leading beneficiary of the federal / AIG largesse was : Goldman Sachs , where Paulson was CEO until June 2006 .
When I first looked at AIG when researching Bailout Nation , it had appeared to be a “ clean ” insurance company with a renegade derivatives division called AIG Financial Products ( AIGFP ) .
That turns out to be a false narrative .
I missed the fact that the rest of AIG , according to McClatchy ’s recent investigation , was also in deep trouble , as it too , was neck deep in derivatives .
Not the $ 3 trillion that AIGFP was exposed to , but “ $ 200 billion . ”
For a supposedly prudent insurance company , this is a a ridiculous amount of risk :
“ As the Fed wired billions of dollars to AIG in the fall of 2008 , state and federal officials assured the public that the company ’s financial woes were limited largely to [ AIG FP ] , which had wagered $ 2 trillion on exotic financial instruments and incurred massive losses on housing - related investments .
AIG ’s six dozen U.S. - based insurance companies , the regulators said , were all on solid footings .
A McClatchy analysis of the finances of 20 of AIG ’s larger insurance subsidiaries at the time has found a much bleaker picture , however : More than $ 200 billion in potential red ink was obscured by entanglements in which these subsidiaries bought stock in , reinsured or guaranteed debts of their sister companies .
Despite the regulators ’ public assurances and AIG ’s assertion that pooling arrangements among its subsidiaries made the liabilities look worse than they actually were , AIG has since propped up its insurance subsidiaries with $ 31 billion of taxpayers ’ dollars , and its total debt to taxpayers — once as much as $ 182 billion — still could reach $ 162.5 billion . ”
The fun never stops . . .
>
click for video
>
Source :
AIG ’s problems far greater than Bush officials told public
Greg Gordon
McClatchy Newspapers , June 8 , 2010
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/2010/06/08/95534/aigs-problems-far-greater.html
We released two large scale datasets for research on learning to rank : MSLR - WEB30 k with more than 30,000 queries and a random sampling of it MSLR - WEB10 K with 10,000 queries .
Dataset Descriptions
The datasets are machine learning data , in which queries and urls are represented by IDs .
The datasets consist of feature vectors extracted from query - url pairs along with relevance judgment labels :
(1) The relevance judgments are obtained from a retired labeling set of a commercial web search engine ( Microsoft Bing ) , which take 5 values from 0 ( irrelevant ) to 4 ( perfectly relevant ) .
(2) The features are basically extracted by us , and are those widely used in the research community .
In the data files , each row corresponds to a query - url pair .
The first column is relevance label of the pair , the second column is query id , and the following columns are features .
The larger value the relevance label has , the more relevant the query - url pair is .
A query - url pair is represented by a 136 - dimensional feature vector .
Below are two rows from MSLR - WEB10 K dataset :
==============================================
0 qid:1 1:3 2:0 3:2 4:2 … 135:0 136:0
2 qid:1 1:3 2:3 3:0 4:0 … 135:0 136:0
==============================================
Dataset Partition
We have partitioned each dataset into five parts with about the same number of queries , denoted as S1 , S2 , S3 , S4 , and S5 , for five - fold cross validation .
In each fold , we propose using three parts for training , one part for validation , and the remaining part for test ( see the following table ) .
The training set is used to learn ranking models .
The validation set is used to tune the hyper parameters of the learning algorithms , such as the number of iterations in RankBoost and the combination coefficient in the objective function of Ranking SVM .
The test set is used to evaluate the performance of the learned ranking models .
Folds Training Set Validation Set Test Set Fold1 { S1, S2,S3} S4 S5 Fold2 { S2,S3,S4} S5 S1 Fold3 { S3, S4,S5} S1 S2 Fold4 { S4,S5,S1} S2 S3 Fold5 { S5, S1,S2} S3 S4
Datasets
The datasets were released on June 16 , 2010 .
To use the datasets , you must read and accept the online agreement .
By using the datasets , you agree to be bound by the terms of its license .
Datasets Size MD5 MSLR - WEB10K ~ 1.2G 97c5d4e7c171e475c91d7031e4fd8e79 MSLR -WEB30K ~ 3.7G 4beae4bee0cd244fc9b2aff355a61555
Evaluation tools
The evaluation script was updated on Jan. 13 , 2011 .
Thank you to Yasser Ganjisaffar for pointing out the bug .
Evaluation script for NDCG ( meanNDCG ) and Precision ( MAP )
Significance test script for algorithm comparison
Feature List
Each query - url pair is represented by a 136 - dimensional vector .
Feature List of Microsoft Learning to Rank Datasets feature id feature description stream comments 1 covered query term number body 2 anchor 3 title 4 url 5 whole document 6 covered query term ratio body 7 anchor 8 title 9 url 10 whole document 11 stream length body 12 anchor 13 title 14 url 15 whole document 16 IDF ( Inverse document frequency ) body 17 anchor 18 title 19 url 20 whole document 21 sum of term frequency body 22 anchor 23 title 24 url 25 whole document 26 min of term frequency body 27 anchor 28 title 29 url 30 whole document 31 max of term frequency body 32 anchor 33 title 34 url 35 whole document 36 mean of term frequency body 37 anchor 38 title 39 url 40 whole document 41 variance of term frequency body 42 anchor 43 title 44 url 45 whole document 46 sum of stream length normalized term frequency body 47 anchor 48 title 49 url 50 whole document 51 min of stream length normalized term frequency body 52 anchor 53 title 54 url 55 whole document 56 max of stream length normalized term frequency body 57 anchor 58 title 59 url 60 whole document 61 mean of stream length normalized term frequency body 62 anchor 63 title 64 url 65 whole document 66 variance of stream length normalized term frequency body 67 anchor 68 title 69 url 70 whole document 71 sum of tf *idf body 72 anchor 73 title 74 url 75 whole document 76 min of tf *idf body 77 anchor 78 title 79 url 80 whole document 81 max of tf *idf body 82 anchor 83 title 84 url 85 whole document 86 mean of tf *idf body 87 anchor 88 title 89 url 90 whole document 91 variance of tf *idf body 92 anchor 93 title 94 url 95 whole document 96 boolean model body 97 anchor 98 title 99 url 100 whole document 101 vector space model body 102 anchor 103 title 104 url 105 whole document 106 BM25 body 107 anchor 108 title 109 url 110 whole document 111 LMIR .
ABS body Language model approach for information retrieval ( IR ) with absolute discounting smoothing 112 anchor 113 title 114 url 115 whole document 116 LMIR .DIR body Language model approach for IR with Bayesian smoothing using Dirichlet priors 117 anchor 118 title 119 url 120 whole document 121 LMIR.JM body Language model approach for IR with Jelinek - Mercer smoothing 122 anchor 123 title 124 url 125 whole document 126 Number of slash in URL 127 Length of URL 128 Inlink number 129 Outlink number 130 PageRank 131 SiteRank Site level PageRank 132 QualityScore
The quality score of a web page .
The score is outputted by a web page quality classifier .
133 QualityScore2
The quality score of a web page .
The score is outputted by a web page quality classifier , which measures the badness of a web page .
134 Query - url click count
The click count of a query - url pair at a search engine in a period 135 url click count
The click count of a url aggregated from user browsing data in a period 136 url dwell time
The average dwell time of a url aggregated from user browsing data in a period
Reference
You can cite this dataset as below .
@article {DBLP:journals/corr/QinL13 , author = { Tao Qin and Tie{ - }Yan Liu} , title = { Introducing {LETOR} 4.0 Datasets} , journal = { CoRR} , volume = {abs / 1306.2597} , year = { 2013} , url = { http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.2597}, timestamp = { Mon , 01 Jul 2013 20:31:25 +0200} , biburl = {http://dblp.uni-trier.de/rec/bib/journals/corr/QinL13}, bibsource = {dblp computer science bibliography , http://dblp.org} }
Release Notes
Three Sydney University PhD students who developed Terminator - style robots will soon see their technology trialled by US Marines sharpshooters in a $ 57 million coup .
Alex Brooks , Alex Makarenko and Tobias Kaupp have been plugging away on the robots for eight years at their company , Marathon Robotics , which is based at Sydney 's Australian Technology Park in Eveleigh .
The Rover robots , the first such " smart targets " to be adopted for training exercises by the US military , are armoured autonomous robots that look , move and behave like real people .
Australian troops are already using them for training .
Teams of the robots can execute complex pre-planned scenarios and are intelligent enough to scatter and run for cover when a buddy robot is shot .
Taiwanese newspaper Apple Daily has weighed in with another one of its animated re-creations , this time of a fat and angry Al Gore roughing up that masseuse in Portland .
Bill Clinton even makes a cameo .
Gore has gained some weight and some belligerence since Apple Daily 's initial video on the scandal ; the former VP turns into something of a hotel - room Incredible Hulk in this one before allegations of sexual assault are rendered in animated form .
He also apparently transforms into the authoritarian ruler of San Diego , via his despotic cult , whose members wear head bands , tie - dyed shirts and drive around in VW buses .
This from the same news outlet that animated Tiger Woods ' sex spanks and Jay Leno getting beaten down by superheroes .
Where is Apple Daily 's Pulitzer Prize , already ?
[ via Mediaite ]
Image caption
The idea is to bring live World Cup matches to remote African communities with satellite and projection equipment
As the World Cup rolls into its final stages , the greatest sporting spectacle that Africa has hosted will soon be over , but how many people across the continent were able to even see the matches ?
Throughout the tournament , the Kenya Field of Dreams project - with the help of a giant inflatable outdoor TV screen - has been showing World Cup matches in the remotest of Kenyan communities , including areas without televisions or even electricity .
" We 've got a rear projection screen that is about 4.5 metres wide and about 3.5 metres tall , " explained volunteer Alex Goodey .
" It 's suspended in an inflatable frame which is made from the same material as a bouncy castle .
" There 's a blower at the back which is powered by a generator and it takes about a minute to inflate to full capacity .
It 's quite impressive when it goes up . "
With funding from Google and UKSport International Development , the project has been taking the screens across Kilifi , a district about two hours north of Mombasa .
There , it works in collaboration with a local sports charity Moving the Goalposts , which aims to empower young women and girls through football .
Learning to set up screenings is just one of the many ways the organisation is trying to teach girls skills for the future .
" It is n't just about showing World Cup games , ( it 's about ) using the power of football for social change and development , " says Harshad Mistry , a project lead at Kenya Field of Dreams .
" The legacy of the project would be to train local people to use the screening equipment and to create content so we can leave the equipment with them . "
Image caption
The Goalposts girls are at the centre of Kilifi 's footballing frenzy
Long - term goal
Peris Mwaka , a Moving the Goalposts volunteer in Matsangoni village , found the early days of the project quite daunting - especially as she had no previous technical experience .
" On my first day I could n't set the screen on my own .
I did n't know what to do .
But as time goes by we 're getting lots of practice and now I can do it easily . "
She says the local residents were open and receptive to the project 's aims .
" I talked to some of the spectators and they told us the screen is so big that you can see it as far away as one kilometre .
And it 's free .
The people here are very appreciative .
They do n't want us to leave . "
For the newly techno - savvy Peris , the World Cup is just the beginning .
" We have equipment that will be very useful to this community .
There are many things that we can show on the big screens - films that can educate people on drug abuse , sexual health and abortion .
" It will be useful even when the World Cup ends . "
Digital Planet is the BBC World Service 's weekly technology programme .
Catch up with previous episodes or download the podcast .
' World 's oldest champagne ' found on Baltic seabed Published duration 17 July 2010
media caption " It was an honour to drink it "
Divers have found 30 bottles of champagne thought to pre-date the French Revolution on the Baltic seabed .
When they opened one , they found the wine - believed to have been made by Clicquot ( now Veuve Clicquot ) between 1782 and 1788 - was still in good condition .
The bottle - whose shape indicates it was produced in the 18th Century - has now been sent to France for analysis .
If confirmed , it would be the oldest drinkable champagne in the world .
Diver Christian Ekstrom was exploring a shipwreck on the Baltic seabed when he found the bottles .
' Sweet taste '
He took one to the surface , where he opened it and tasted it with his colleagues .
" It was fantastic , " he told the Reuters news agency .
" It had a very sweet taste , you could taste oak and it had a very strong tobacco smell .
And there were very small bubbles . "
According to records , Clicquot champagne was first produced in 1772 but was laid down for 10 years , the French news agency AFP reported .
image caption Experts think the remaining bottles could fetch high prices at auction
Production was disrupted after the French Revolution in 1789 .
The wine found on the seabed was perfectly preserved because of the conditions of dark and cold on the seabed .
If the bottles do come from the 1780s , that would make them around 40 years older than the current record - holder , a bottle of Perrier - Jouet from 1825 .
Wine experts estimate each bottle would fetch around 500,000 Swedish kronor ( £ 45,000 ; $ 69,000 ) at auction .
Health insurers such as America ’s Health Insurance Plans are expected to play a big role in messaging this November .
New business plan : crushing Dems
Democrats may be going out of their way to say they are n’t anti-business , but business is gearing up to demonstrate that it ’s anti-Democrats — at least when it comes to members of the party ’s liberal wing .
The latest blatant signs of hostility come from coal executives who are considering starting up their own political operation to work against candidates they deem unfriendly to their interests .
Their first three targets are all Democrats .
Advertisement
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has already vowed to invest $ 75 million in the mid-term elections .
And health insurers are also planning to play big in November , although the specifics remain in flux .
Both groups are hedging their bets by aligning themselves with some moderate or conservative Democrats in case Republicans do n't win control of Congress .
Both America ’s Health Insurance Plans ( AHIP ) and its Coalition for Medicare Choices are expected to play a major role in the messaging , along with individual companies .
But neither group , according to sources , plans to directly attack Democrats , which would risk infuriating the White House as it writes reform regulations as well as the Blue Dog Democrats who opposed the legislation .
But the negative messages could still create headaches this fall for health care supporters .
For instance , districts with large populations of seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage will likely be inundated with ads explaining it was health reform – not insurers – that is responsible for their higher bills and slashed benefits , one industry official said .
Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for the industry trade group AHIP , would n’t discuss the organization ’s political battle plan except to say , “ We are going to continue to talk about the need to address skyrocketing medical costs and the significant impact that Medicare Advantage cuts will continue to have on the 11 million seniors in the program . ”
A handful of large insurance companies are considering a separate campaign aimed at building long - term relationships with Democrats , including those who bucked their party leadership on reform or who stood by the insurance industry on other issues .
“ They understand and recognize that it ’s not a partisan effort , that they need to play in the middle on both sides of the aisle , ” one source familiar with the discussions said .
The decision to operate independently of AHIP “ reflects the fact they want a streamlined process , regardless of cost , without dealing with ankle biters , ” the same source noted .
When AHIP President Karen Ignagni was asked about the potential for a breakaway group , she said : “ I generally make it a policy not to comment on palace intrigue . ”
Bill Miller , the chamber ’s political director , has a simple explanation for why it is mobilizing .
“ You could spin the wheel of industry and probably not land on a number for an industry that does n’t believe they have been kind - of attacked by this Congress , ” he said .
Although Miller said the chamber will support some pro-business Democrats , he conceded that the chamber ’s members “ are looking to us and others to try and help reset the composition of the Congress . ”
Political advertising already is on track to far exceed any prior midterm cycle , according to Evan Tracey , of the Campaign Media Analysis Group , .
Thus far , candidates , political parties and interest groups have spent about $ 139 million on advertising – more than twice the amount spent during the same period in 2006 .
The entry of major corporate spenders could send those numbers even higher .
That ’s the prediction of Fred Wertheimer , a campaign finance reform advocate .
He said the coal industry ’s action represents “ the first ” substantive move by corporations to engage in the campaign cycle after a recent Supreme Court decision overturned a law banning such activity , “ but it ai n’t going to be the last . ”
“ This is the beginning .
We are going to see , in my view , very large amounts spent involving this free - up money in 2010 congressional races , ” said Wertheimer .
“ But over a period of time , this is going to absolutely explode . ”
That could spell big trouble for Democrats , who could be forced to square off against deep - pocketed companies in addition to their traditional Republican adversaries in a stridently anti-incumbent environment .
The coal effort is being led by International Coal Group ’s Senior Vice President Roger Nicholson .
“ With the Supreme Court ruling , we are in a position to be able to take corporate positions that were not previously available in allowing our voices to be heard , ” Nicholson wrote in a letter to several other coal executives , which was first reported in the Lexington Herald - Leader .
In a statement released Wednesday to POLITICO in response to the leaked letter , Nicholson said his call to arms “ stated the obvious ; there are those of us in the coal industry who are clearly concerned about the attack on the coal industry , and by extension , the jobs of each and every one of those workers , directly and indirectly , employed by the coal industry . ”
“ The Obama Administration , through the EPA , and the Congress controlled by Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid , are taking steps that seek ultimately to eliminate coal production and its use .
We believe that these goals are disastrous for Kentucky and West Virginia , and would constitute an egregious national energy policy that would make us more , not less , dependent on foreign governments , ” he added .
Among the political targets identified by Nicholson are Rep. Ben Chandler ( D - Ky. ) and Rep. Nick Rahall ( D - W.Va . ) , neither of whom is now counted among their party ’s most vulnerable incumbents .
Chandler is drawing the ire of the industry because he voted for the House energy bill , which included a cap - and - trade carbon reduction program that the coal sector opposed .
Rahall , whose district is situated in the heart of coal country , is under fire for not objecting to a slowdown in mine permitting .
“ The EPA ’s interference in the states ’ administration of mine permitting decisions is , in my view , a veiled attempt to strangle the industry and , by extension , the jobs of those who work in the industry , ” Nicholson charged .
The third potential target is Jack Conway , the Democrat running for the U.S. Senate in Kentucky .
His support for natural gas , a coal competitor , is believed to have gotten him on the wrong side of the industry .
The level at which coal ’s corporate titans are willing to spend is still unclear .
In the 2008 campaign , coal mining political action committees and workers donated nearly $ 3.5 million to candidates , with about three - quarters of it going to Republicans .
But all of those donations had to be drawn from personal accounts and were subject to campaign finance limits intended to dilute the influence of special interests in politics .
The cap on donations to candidates from individuals is $ 2,400 and the limit for PACs is $ 5,000 .
But the January Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission overturned the law preventing corporations from using their vast , general treasury funds to pay for political activity , and it set no limits on the amount a firm could spend .
Consequently , the contemplated coal coalition could ask each firm to donate an unlimited amount to the effort and it could spend an unlimited amount on its own advertising and other activity .
The coal group could not coordinate with candidates and donations to political races would still be limited .
The group also would be required to disclose its activity during the campaign cycle .
In a letter to industry executives , Nicholson provided the rough outlines of the new organization .
“ A number of coal industry representatives recently have been considering developing a 527 entity with the purpose of attempting to defeat anti-coal incumbents in select races , as well as elect pro-coal candidates running for certain open seats , ” Nicholson wrote .
“ We ’re requesting your consideration as to whether your company would be willing to meet to discuss a significant commitment to such an effort , ” he added .
According to the letter , Nicholson ’s colleagues already have had “ theoretical discussions ” with executives at Massey Energy , Alliance Resource Partners and Natural Resource Partners and that they are anxious to develop an “ action plan . ”
Massey Energy owns the Upper Big Branch mine where 29 miners were killed this spring and Nicholson ’s firm owns the Sago mine where 12 miners died in 2006 . ,
But Nicholson denied that disputes over mine safety legislation are not “ a key driver of this potential initiative . ”
Sarah Kliff contributed to this story .
In my middle - class neighbourhood , you can organise people around dog- walking exchanges , the crimewatch duty roster , mutual baby - sitting , earthquake preparedness and dire household emergencies .
But even the most liberal - minded among us seem totally spooked by the currently toxic idea of politically organising our private economic tragedies into any form of communal resistance to Bush - Obama 's class warfare – skyrocketing unemployment , home foreclosures , bank failures , vanished investments and social service cuts that directly affect us .
Politics ?
Ugh .
Please , do n't bother me .
I 'd rather talk about Tony Soprano 's latest session with his leggy shrink .
Meanwhile , behind closed doors , each family deals with its own economic injury like a death in the family , but even more tight - lipped .
After all , who likes to be known as a loser ?
My local area is not noticeably conservative .
We probably have a majority of liberal Democrats and a plurality of Jews .
We dutifully vote centre - centre - left , contribute money at a safely impersonal distance to mass mailings from good causes , and generally speaking have all the right opinions .
The French have a phrase for us : bien pensant , well - thinking , comfortable in received wisdom .
In this case the liberal orthodoxy of anti-racism , hand - wringing for Haiti and Darfur and , around here – a real kicker this – a stubbornly emotional attachment to Israel right - or - wrong .
The current atmosphere around here reminds me of the Eisenhower 50s , when the twin gods of the underworld , senator Joe McCarthy and FBI chief J Edgar Hoover , ruled the mass mind .
You could go to jail for shooting off your mouth .
My campus - newspaper rants were enough to get me blacklisted and – absurd in hindsight – closely tracked across the country by the FBI as if I was a Soviet spy .
Yet even in that apparently static time , seeds of resistance were bursting through unfriendly soil .
Nothing was possible … until it was .
Almost overnight , it seemed , at the height of the cold war , by the government against its own dissenters , the African - American civil rights struggle ignited a controlled burn of resistance across the board .
A byproduct was that the apparently invincible House Un- American Activities Committee collapsed like a paper tiger when do n't - give - a- shit yippies like Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin mocked it with absurd street theatre .
Surprise !
A nation of Rip Van Winkles woke up and began to laugh at their own fears .
A big difference between then and now is that our collective lifeboat was rising due to a buoyant postwar economy .
But now our lifeboat is springing leaks .
The Obama government 's zombie - like inaction in the jobless crisis means that a lot of us are catching , or soon will catch , more of the misery contagion that is devastating the poorer parts of Los Angeles county .
Instead of acknowledging the shared pain , each of us individually is pushing to get into the upended lifeboat , struggling to stay afloat , frantic to hold on to what we 've got .
There are so many assaults on us on so many fronts – gouging health insurance payments , car upkeep , mortgage due , the BP Gulf disaster , the trillion - dollar Afghanistan war – how can we possibly catch our breath ?
Theories abound about why our liberal mood is so paralytic .
Old left mass - based action - oriented organisations do n't exist any more ; unions are down to 12 % of the workforce , and anyway are castrated by allegiance to a Blue Dog - dominated Democratic party ; suburbia killed militance ; Latinos , many illegal , tend to be politically inert ; black leadership is feeble when not corrupt ; a young generation has no memory of what it was like to have an activist or an antiwar movement , etc etc .
And when all else fails , there is the " bowling alone " thesis ( after a popular book by Robert Puttnam of that title ) , which " proves " , with statistics , that the whole idea of community engagement has collapsed because of TV , urban sprawl and more women in the workforce (!)
The late , great Chicago community organiser Saul Alinsky liked saying that the only way to activate people is to appeal not to altruism but to their self - interest .
Yet perceived self - interest is unpredictable and sometimes comes from the heart as well as the pocketbook .
For example , all across the country , ordinary , deeply conservative Catholic parishioners have recently been motivated to march , protest , sit-in and even barricade themselves when they felt threatened by local church closures demanded by a cost - cutting hierarchy hungry for money to pay out in the sex assault cases .
Rank - and - file parishioners did n't organise by listservs or electronic communication but face to face , neighbour to neighbour .
The White House on Monday denied Arizona Sen .
Jon Kyl's claim that President Barack Obama told him privately that he would not work to secure the border unless it was part of a comprehensive immigration reform package .
In a video that started circulating among conservative blogs over the weekend , the Arizona Republican is seen telling supporters in North Phoenix that in a private meeting in the Oval Office , Obama said " the problem " with border enforcement measures is that " if we secure the border then [ Republicans ] wo n't have any reason to support comprehensive immigration reform . "
Kyl said the president 's supposed statement is proof that Democrats " do n't want to secure the border unless or until it is combined with comprehensive immigration reform . "
But in a statement to POLITICO , White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer denied Kyl 's account of the conversation , saying " the president did n't say that and Senator Kyl knows it . "
" There are more resources dedicated toward border security today than ever before , but , as the President has made clear , truly securing the border will require a comprehensive solution to our broken immigration system , " Pfeiffer said .
Kyl has been one of the most outspoken critics of the president on immigration reform and has before accused Democrats of holding up border security in order to keep it as a chip to negotiate for broader reform .
Later in the video , Kyl says the reason the federal government has not secured the border is that Democrats " do n't want to do it . "
" They want to get something in return for doing their duty , " the Arizona Republican said .
" You do n't have to have comprehensive reform to secure the border , but you have to secure the border to get comprehensive reform . "
Kyl spokesman Ryan Patmintra said the senator is not backing down from his assertion , despite the White House 's denial .
" There were two people in that meeting , and Dan Pfieffer was not one of them , " Patmintra said .
" Senator Kyl stands by his remarks , and the White House spokesman 's pushback that you must have comprehensive immigration reform to secure the border only confirms Senator Kyl 's account . "
Later in the video , Kyl says the reason the federal government has not secured the border is that Democrats " do n't want to do it . "
The Arizona Republic is a member of the Politico Network .
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
EXCLUSIVE : Drugs Found In Body of Joran Van Der Sloot 's Alleged Victim - See The Toxicology Report
EXCLUSIVE : Drugs Found In Body of Joran Van Der Sloot 's Alleged Victim - See The Toxicology Report
EXCLUSIVE : Drugs Found In Body of Joran Van Der Sloot 's Alleged Victim - See The Toxicology Report
The woman who Joran van der Sloot is accused of killing had drugs in her system at the time of her death , according to the official toxicology report obtained exclusively by RadarOnline.com .
The report reveals that amphetamines were found in the body of Stephany Flores Ramirez .
It is not known if she took the drugs voluntarily or if van der Sloot gave them to her or had her ingest them unknowingly .
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENT : Stephany Flores Ramirez Toxicology Report
The report is in Spanish .
Van der Sloot confessed to killing Flores Ramirez , 21 , in a Lima hotel room after the two met playing poker at a local casino .
He has since recanted his confession .
The toxicology report , obtained exclusively by RadarOnline.com from sources close to the investigation , also revealed that cocaine and alcohol were not detected in Flores Ramirez ’ system at the time of death .
EXCLUSIVE CRIME SCENE PHOTOS : Joran Van Der Sloot ’s Bloody Shirt , Victim ’s Clothing & Inside The Murder Room
It states , “ The analysis gave positive only to amphetamines . ”
NEW CRIME SCENE PHOTOS : Inside the Room Where Joran Van Der Sloot Left Woman Dead
The document poses new questions for homicide detectives probing the brutal May 30 murder .
Van der Sloot allegedly said he slammed her in the face with his right elbow , strangled her for a full minute and then suffocated her with his clothing .
He later recanted that .
The long - time suspect in the disappearance of Natalee Holloway reportedly admitted he popped three amphetamine pills as he considered what to do with Flores Ramirez ’ dead body .
He also reportedly told investigators he was high on marijuana when it all happened .
Video from hotel security cameras shows Flores Ramirez and van der Sloot entering his room together at 5 a.m. — and then shows the 22 - year - old leaving alone four hours later with his bags .
“ I was going to use one of the traveling bags to take the body out of the hotel , ” Van der Sloot told police in the disputed confession .
“ I did n’t because I was afraid to be confronted because I was leaving without paying . ”
Flores Ramirez was found dead in the hotel room three days later , on June 2 , setting off a police manhunt that ended with his arrest in Chile the following day .
Parliament Square protesters lose eviction appeal Published duration 16 July 2010
image caption
The protesters are angry about the Afghan war
Peace protesters camping in London 's Parliament Square have lost their legal battle against eviction .
The Court of Appeal has upheld an eviction order against the group , which is protesting about several issues , including the Afghanistan war .
London Mayor Boris Johnson who took legal action to evict the demonstrators , said he was " delighted " .
Solicitors representing the protesters said the demonstrators would not appeal against the decision .
" This is part of a much wider protest , " said protest organiser Chris Knight .
" We 're not going very far and we 're not going away . "
' Leave peacefully '
The protesters transformed the green in central London with tents and flags and called it Democracy Village .
Critics say the square has been vandalised and other groups have been unable to use it for protests .
There were also concerns about public health owing to the lack of toilet facilities .
Making the ruling , Lord Neuberger said that while the Crown owned the title to the land , the Mayor of London had the power to act over the square .
Lord Neuberger said of the protesters : " They have been allowed to express their views and assemble together at the location of their choice for over two months on an effectively exclusive basis .
" It is not even as if they will necessarily be excluded from mounting an orthodox demonstration at Parliament Square Gardens in the future . "
The mayor urged the protesters to " respect the rulings of both courts " and now leave the site peacefully .
Mayor Mr Johnson said : " I think it 's wonderful that as a city we can protest .
" But it is nauseating what they are doing to the lawn . "
He continued : " It 's become too much .
It 's doing serious damage to a world heritage site . "
Mr Johnson added : " Police will have to do this [ evict the protesters ] in a way that does not recall the G20 protests and all the argy bargy - it will be difficult .
" We wo n't be brutal , we wo n't be thuggish . "
Last month 's eviction orders from the High Court were delayed pending an appeal to three judges .
The protesters ' counsel Jan Luba QC argued Mr Johnson had no right to evict the demonstrators because he did not own the land , which belongs to the Queen .
But the mayor 's QC , Ashley Underwood , said Parliament Square Gardens was an open space which the public had a right to use , and that the judge had reached a reasoned decision .
This Tuesday at noon , a group of volunteers toting vuvuzelas gathered outside of BP 's International Headquarters in London and sounded their barbaric yelps in protest of the way the company is handling the oil spill in the Gulf .
We 've been covering this campaign since the very beginning — ever since Adam Quirk , a web video producer from Brooklyn and the co-founder of Wreck & Salvage art video collective , launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise money to buy vuvuzelas and enlist Craigslist volunteers to his cause .
At first Quirk was only aiming to raise $ 2,000 — a goal he surpassed in less than two days .
After gaining some media attention , he received aid from some heavy - hitters in the social media world , including Ben Huh of The Cheezburger Network , who pledged $ 1,000 .
Babelgum furnished an additional $ 2,000 , sent camera crews to London to cover the event and interview organizers and the people behind the Gulf Disaster Fund , which this whole event was funding .
Quirk was , by that point , aiming to raise $ 10,000 , but did n't end up reaching that goal .
Still , he 's gathered together more than $ 6,000 for the cause , and that ain't chump change .
" We 've kind of already won , " Quirk said in an interview with Babelgum ( embedded below ) .
" At this point it 's basically about keeping BP in the public eye , keeping some negative attention on them …
Unless there 's public pressure on them , they 're going to be allowed to slip through the cracks . "
Quirk is just one member of the online community aiming to keep BP on its toes — there 's satirical Twitter account @BPGlobalPR , JESS3 and its clever plugin , Tumblr and its paint - it - black dashboard , and more .
We 'll have to wait and see if any of this digital derision has any impact .
In the meantime , check out Babelgum 's collection of vids from its dedicated " Vuvuzelas for BP " page below :
BP Vuvuzela Protest
Adam Quirk Speaks
The Gulf Disaster Fund
[ Rosalie Fay Barnes is a consultant for the Burning Man Project , facilitating the review of current media documentation and legal policies .
She also consults with Black Rock Solar , helping to develop k- 12 educational materials around climate change , environmental law , and disaster responses .
Rosalie earned a double Masters from the Harvard Graduate School of Education focusing on technology and cognitive development , where she worked extensively with Harvard Law School ’s Berkman Center for Internet & Society , a digital rights think tank .
To contact her and / or to inquire about blogging for the Digital Rights Series , email cameratales@burningman.com . ]
As you may have read in the blogosphere , the Burning Man Project has been undergoing a review of legal terms related to media documentation at the event ( for media references , see the link list below ) .
And while the goal of this effort is to determine the specific legal language on the ticket and Burning Man ’s Terms and Conditions , it ’s really about accurately reflecting the culture and community of the Burning Man event .
Should certain on - playa activities ( such as the Critical Tits Ride , for instance ) be camera - free events ?
Should photographers be able to make a profit by selling their Burning Man photographs ?
If so , how much ?
What framework best facilitates every participant ’s right to enjoy “ radical self - expression ” on playa in this regard ?
These questions are just the start of the conversation , and it ’s certainly true we ’ve seen quite a diversity of impassioned opinions being expressed around this highly complex , nuanced issue .
( And it ’s no wonder : one need n’t extrapolate too far to see how these considerations have resonance in the real world , as the dynamics of digital media are evolving quickly with advancements in technology , cyberlaw , and socio- cultural norms . )
Over the coming months , we will continue to dialogue with photographers , theme camps , artists , interested participant groups , Creative Commons and the Electric Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) in order to improve our policies for the present and for the future .
We will be talking ( if not facilitating public discussions ) about this process at the Burning Man event , at the Open Video Conference in New York City ( Oct 1 - 2 , 2010 ) , and other locations to be announced .
At the same time , we want to engage in an ongoing public dialog — a Debate in the Dust , if you will — through this blog series , featuring a diversity of representative voices sharing their perspectives on various aspects of this multifaceted issue .
It should be noted that the perspectives expressed in these posts do n’t necessarily reflect those of the Burning Man Project .
Instead , we intend this Digital Rights blog series to be an arena for a thoughtful discussion within our community and beyond .
We invite all readers ’ commentary , and request that comments be constructive in nature while adhering to our Comment Policy .
Thank you for contributing to the ongoing evolution of the Burning Man project !
Wired Article : Burning Man Rethinks Its Legal Ownership of Your Photos
Burning Blog Post in Response to EFF Critiques , by Andie Grace
Electronic Frontier Foundation : Tell Burning Man To Respect Your Digital Rights
Electronic Frontier Foundation : Snatching Rights on the Playa
Boing Boing Commentary
Burning Blog Post by John Curley
The Internal Revenue Service has filed a tax lien for $ 1,138,760 against rap singer Lil Wayne , who is currently in jail on weapons charges .
The lien covers taxes owed from 2004 , 2005 and 2007 .
The 27 - year - old performer , also known as Weezy but whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. , has had problems with the IRS in the past .
The IRS filed a lien for $ 977,840 against him in 2008 , but he paid the taxes he owed later that year , according to the Detroit News .
Carter was arrested in July 2007 for possessing a .40 caliber pistol and marijuana following a performance at New Yorks Beacon Theatre .
He pleaded guilty to the weapons charge and is currently serving a one - year sentence on Rikers Island in New York .
KRAD 's Inaccurate Guide to Life ramblings from a mad fedora 'd writer kradical
best mashup ever !
Farscape and Family Guy .
Here 'tis :
Hee !
Rockne O'Bannon not only posted this image to Facebook , he made it his profile picture , and it 's a MAGNIFICENT mashup ofand Here ' tis :
Hee !
Current Mood : amused
Current Music : " Jack in the Green " by Jethro Tull
From : bonnie_rocks Date : June 18th , 2010 03:46 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Crichton really let himself go ...
~*:: Meow ::*~ From : chris_walsh Date : June 18th , 2010 04:32 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Hey !
An excuse for Farscape musical numbers !
( Were ... were there ever Farscape musical numbers ?
I 've only seen Season 1 so far ... )
From : lotuseyes Date : June 18th , 2010 05:48 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) technically speaking ... no. there was lots of times when the cast ( or more specifically John ) had to dance for one reason or another however .
They made up for it in crazy homages to things like Loony Tunes however .
From : od0_ital Date : June 18th , 2010 06:00 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Okay , I 'm at a loss as to which Family Guy character has been turned into Zhaan ...?
From : pseudohistorian Date : June 18th , 2010 03:47 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) I believe it 's supposed to be Meg , but without hair or a cap , she comes off looking like Lois ...
Of course , along the lines of the Star Wars episodes , they could 've gone for a double dose of Lois rather than letting Meg play any of the characters .
:P
From : benmech Date : June 19th , 2010 02:07 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) no .
Meg is Chi'ana .
From : pseudohistorian Date : June 20th , 2010 06:15 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Umm , no , Bonnie Swanson is Chiana - - that 's why she 's pregnant .
From : attraidies Date : June 18th , 2010 12:12 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Absolutely brilliant what more can I say
From : chickwithmonkey Date : June 18th , 2010 10:34 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Possibly the best use of Family Guy ever .
(... no Pilot ? )
From : benmech Date : June 19th , 2010 02:08 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) kudos alkl the way . . . except I 'd rather have a Venture Brothers version of the Scapers than The Family Guy . . or the Simpsons .
Personally , I prefer cold packing them and I generally use the same recipe my Mom used 50 years ago minus the “ sunbathing ” .
One thing I do differently though is to refrigerate them .
It just gives me a little more piece of mind when it comes to proper canning procedures and the controversy regarding the preserving of Dills .
Over the last few years , USDA has issued guidelines and recommends that Dill pickles should be heat - processed to eliminate any chance of botulism .
They may have a point , but my jury is still out on this one as I personally prefer not to do this as I find it makes the pickles less crisp .
I definitely do n’t endorse skipping heat processing and if you feel more comfortable I recommend you take this additional step .
I suppose I rationalize this by thinking about all those Sun Pickles I ate in the past that were stored in the basement on the shelf with no refrigeration and I ’m still here to crave them and tell the tale !
Did I mention though … that every time I open a jar from a new non -heat processed batch , I feel it ’s my duty to eat about ½ of it before unleashing them on the world ?
It ’s just my way of assuring quality control and I ’ve appointed myself the “ official food taster ” of the Royal pickles !
I like that job !
Now on to the recipe - I made about 10 quarts here : Ingredients : Pickling Cucumbers – about 6 - 8 to a Quart Jar ( about 75 for 10 quarts )
6 cups of White Vinegar 18 cups of Water 1 cup of Pickling or Kosher Salt Garlic Cloves – about 3 or more for each jar Fresh Dill Weed Dill Seed heads ( In season )
Here ’s a big bowl of freshly selected cucumbers .
Ratio of Vinegar to water is about 3 - 1 and I made about 10 quart jars with 6 - 8 cucumbers in each jar .
Does size matter ?
Yes !
I find the perfect cucumber size is about 4 inches .
2 quart jars work even better as you can pack them much easier but I still prefer quart jars .
To prepare for the packing … wash your jars in hot soapy water and if you ’ve used the jars before , inspect them for any chips or cracks .
Rinse well .
Or better yet , if you have a sanitizing feature on your Dishwasher it ’s a good time to use it .
Okay … this step is very important and I think it ’s the critical component of ensuring that your pickles come out nice and crispy !
This is one thing that my Mom did n’t do … but I think it really makes a huge difference .
Wash and scrub your pickles well .
They say that Enzymes at the blossom end of the cucumber may cause softening , so cut off about 1/8th of an inch off this end ( vine connection ) .
Immerse them in Icewater and let them sit for at least 2 hours .
( no more than 4 and 3 ’s good ! )
Push them down and rotate them and add more ice if needed .
I use a sink , but a portable cooler works well also .
While your cukes are soaking in the icewater … prepare your additives such as garlic and dill .
In this case I could not find any dill heads but compensated with additional dill weed .
I also love to add a ½ strip of Hot Pepper .
I find it does n’t make it too hot …it just gives it a bit of a bite !
In a large stock pot ( non-aluminum ) Mix your brine .
Add together the Water , Vinegar and Salt .
You need to bring this to a rolling boil .
In the meantime , sterilize your jars .
I usually put about 4 inches of water into a large roastpan and bring it to a boil .
Bring it down to a simmer and sit the jars upside down in the pan and let them sit in there for at least 10 minutes .
Add your lids also .
Drain your pickles and bring them to your work area .
When the brine has boiled , take a hot jar and start packing .
Add to the bottom a few large sprigs of dill and a couple ½ cloves of Garlic .
Pack your dills tightly , bottom layer standing up .
Add some more dill and pack the top layer with additional cucumbers .
Add a couple more cloves of garlic down the sides of the jar .
If you ’re adding a hot pepper , slide it down the side of the jar .
You could stuff them down the middle , but it looks pretty on the outside !
OH … and it 's extremely important that you wear jewelery to match the dills while doing this !
Hehe Take a scoop or measuring cup and dip it into the boiling brine .
Fill the jar to the top ..
Release trapped air bubbles in the jar by gently working a knife around the jar 's sides .
Add additional brine , if needed , to maintain the 1/2 - inch headspace .
Run your finger around the rim of the jar to make sure there is no residue and center your hot lid .
Secure it with the lid ring and seal tightly .
Turn jar immediately upside down on a towel placed on your work area .
Now if you decide you would like to heat process :
Place the jars into a boiling water - bath canner .
The jars should not touch .
Cover the canner .
Process filled jars in the boiling water for 12 minutes .
Begin counting the processing time when the water returns to boiling .
When the jars have cooled , press the center of each lid to check the seal .
If the dip in the lid holds , the jar is sealed .
If the lid bounces up and down , the jar is n't sealed .
Unsealed jars should be stored in the refrigerator and will continue to cure .
If you do the Cold Pack method with no heat processing :
Let the jars sit for about 4 hours or overnight and turn them upright … all the jars should have sealed .
Any that did n’t … just put them into the refrigerater .
For the ones that have sealed , you may be surprised to hear a “ POP ” – maybe 3 days later .
When this happens , I usually put all of the jars into the refrigerator .
They appear to seal again and now it ’s just a matter of patience !
Let them sit and flavor in the refrigerator for 8 weeks !
About 2 - 5 weeks into this project you ’ll notice that the Dills are cloudy … but the residue seems to be settling Okay … I know I should wait for the full 8 weeks , but every time I opened that darn refrigerator the pickles were beckoning me !
“ Try me , try me , try me ! ” .
It ’s been 7 weeks less 2 days and I just have to open a jar !
As you can see the color has changed and they ’re looking very lovingly pickled ! :
I ’ve now succumbed to the call … DRUM ROLL PLE ASE ! Mmmmmmmm ... I 've eaten 1 / 2 a jar and there 's really not a lot more I can say right now !
They 're delicious !
And -
What does a pickle say at a Poker game ?
Dill me in !!!
Government officials confirmed today that oil as far as 3,300 feet below the surface is traveling in clouds through large areas of the subsea Gulf of Mexico .
At a news briefing , Jane Lubchenko , of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , said the subsea oil was found 42 miles northeast of the well site and also 142 miles to the southeast .
Tests confirming the spreading oil plumes were conducted by a University of South Florida research vessel .
Gulf area fishermen and New Orleans area environmentalists told People ’s World about these plumes in mid-May but BP denied their existence .
“ The oil is only on the surface , ” BP ’s CEO Tony Hayward had said on May 30 .
“ It wants to go to the surface because of the difference in specific gravity . ”
David Dixon , a local shrimper in St. Bernard Parish told this website earlier in May that “ the chemical dispersants BP is using is causing oil gushing up from the bottom to break up and stay below the surface where we believe it can do permanent harm to all the life in the sea and who knows what kind of harm to people living here . ”
Numerous local environmentalists echoed his concerns at that time .
The briefing by Lubchenko today was the first time the presence of plumes has been confirmed by a government agency .
Lubchenko said the oil could be compared to ash from a volcano , with the liquid rising in a plume and then forming an underwater cloud carried around by the currents .
Reflecting the concern voiced all along by Gulf residents worried about the use of dispersants the Coast Guard said today it will cut back on their use .
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen said last night that officials are “ now worried about the toxicity of the chemicals – Corexit 9500 and Corexit EC9527 – and will begin cutting back on their use .
I believe they are worthwhile but I think there ’s enough concern as we approach the million - gallon mark regarding the unknown implications of that amount of dispersants . ”
After criticizing BP for dragging its feet on paying out economic damage claims , the White House indicated that it is backing unlimited liability for oil spills .
Last night the White House said it favors the most recent piece of legislation that would drop any numerical ceiling to the amount of money an oil company like BP wopuld have to pay for damages caused by a spill .
There is a strong possibility that the cap removal will be included as part of broader energy legislation .
Some fear this would be risky , however , considering that passage of such legislation is still not certain .
Another government agency , meanwhile , confirmed that the BP well may be spewing 100,000 or more barrels of oil a day .
BP started out saying 1,000 to 5,000 barrels of oil were leaking into the Gulf on a daily basis .
Ira Leifer , a member of the government ’s Flow Rate Technical Group , said today that the 100,000 barrel per day figure is “ consistent with all the data ” he has seen .
BP ’s own video shows black oil continuing to gush out from all around the now - capped well head .
Meanwhile , more documents have been uncovered that show BP was warned about neglect .
A series of internal investigations over the last ten years warned senior BP managers that the company was repeatedly disregarding safety and environmental rules and risked a serious accident if it did not make changes .
The confidential reports which surfaced in the press only yesterday also focused on problems at BP ’s Alaska oil - drilling unit that undermine the company ’s pubic claims about adherence to safe operating procedures .
Photo : Workers clean a Brown pelican at a rescue center at a facility set up by the International Bird Rescue Research Center in Buras , La. , June 5 .
The birds are covered in oil from from the Deepwater Horizon accident and are cleaned and then released .
Bill Haber / AP
Sixty years ago , in the summer of 1950 , a small Californian business was preparing to introduce the world to a new musical invention .
The Fender Electrical Instrument Company was based in Santa Ana , 30 miles south of Los Angeles , and it had already come up with the Esquire , an electric guitar that broke with convention by being built from a solid piece of wood .
Now , 41 - year - old Leo Fender had radically improved on the original to produce the Broadcaster – which , after a spurt of legal hoo - hah , was renamed the Telecaster , and sold to the world .
You know one when you see it : gloriously simple , gracefully contoured , and a byword for how enduring the electric guitar has proved to be .
As a sumptuous new coffee - table book titled Fender : The Golden Age 1946 - 70 puts it : " It is a simple , no - frills instrument , yet still regarded as one of the finest electric guitars ever produced . . .
There are very few mass - produced items that can boast the same uninterrupted lifespan . "
In other words , it beggars belief how an object designed six decades ago does n't look – or , more importantly , sound – kitsch or outdated .
The Telecaster 's younger and less elegant sibling , the Stratocaster , tends to go wildly in and out of style , but this guitar remains as unimpeachably cool as ever .
It has long been responsible for the metallic twang that runs across American country , blues , and rock 'n'roll .
Over here , in the hands of an Essex native named Wilko Johnson , it contributed the distorted buzz to the best records by the British R&B band Dr Feelgood – a sound that bled into punk – and became a constant in 21st - century indie-rock .
The Telecaster unites Status Quo and Hot Chip .
It has been the signature guitar of Keith Richards , Chrissie Hynde , Radiohead 's Jonny Greenwood and the Clash 's Joe Strummer .
It 's all over records by Elvis Presley , Booker T and the MGs , PJ Harvey , Blur , the Eagles , Manic Street Preachers , and hundreds more .
Mention it to its devotees , and they talk about it with an amazing passion .
Sharleen Spiteri , Texas
I 'd always played an acoustic guitar as a little girl – there was never an electric guitar in our house .
But when I first joined Texas , when I was just about to turn 18 , I got my first electric .
I knew exactly what I wanted : a black - and - white Telecaster , the same as Joe Strummer .
For me , the Clash have always been the ultimate rock 'n ' roll band .
It was made in 1967 , the same year I was born .
I 've got two spares , but I will do anything not to change my guitar .
It goes on tour with me , and it comes home .
Even now , I 'm getting goose bumps talking about this because I 'm thinking , " Some bastard might break into my house and steal my Telecaster . "
It 's super - light – just the perfect weight .
And that nasally , stringy , cutting sound [ sings guitar part from Texas 's Halo ] – it just breaks through everything .
But it 's weird , because it 's not an irritating , high - pitched thing : it always has a warmth to it .
It 's such a beautiful sound .
I recently did a charity thing with Mick Jones from the Clash .
He picked my guitar up , and I was like , " Get your hands off !
I do n't give a fuck if you 're Mick Jones ! "
Graham Coxon , Blur
I think my first encounter with a Telecaster was when I had a go on [ Blur producer ]
Stephen Street 's , years ago .
It looked like a piece of pine with a pretty scratchplate , but it made a really nice sound .
I suppose it was the guitar I 'd been searching for ; I used to draw Teles a lot when I was at school .
It 's versatile , simple and strong .
You can make it sound old - fashioned and warm , like something you 'd have in a doo - wop band , or totally the other way : trebly and trashy .
And it 's quite difficult to describe , but they have a kind of creak underneath the sound – something you only really get with a Telecaster .
The first one I got was very shiny , butterscotch job : a reissue of one from 1959 .
I used that throughout the whole of Blur 's career .
It ended up with a Mr Smiley sticker , and an Air India sticker on it , and a really bad drawing that I did on the back .
That was my workhorse , and I 've still got it .
It just feels really , really nice : like a BMX , as opposed to a big , heavy bike .
The one I use now had been butchered by its previous owner , but the neck was so beautiful , I could n't resist it .
It looked like it had been creosoted , so I call it the Shed .
Francis Rossi , Status Quo
I 've got loads of them : three in the room with me at the moment .
I got my first one in 1968 , in Glasgow .
Another guitar broke , and I got it second - hand for either 45 or 75 quid – I can't remember now .
I was n't a good enough player to say , " Oh , I really like this . "
I just picked it , and got used to it .
Originally , it was sunburst .
And then I started to mess with it .
I wanted it to be blond , and then natural wood , and then I painted it black , and then green , finally , with a tin of Ronseal paint .
I did it on the kitchen table ; it 's still got marks on it from where I did n't sand it down properly .
But that 's the one I still play onstage .
When Rick Parfitt first joined the band , he had a Gibson .
And then he too bought a Telecaster , and that 's the way it stayed .
The Telecaster is a byword for Status Quo .
They 're beautifully simple guitars :
Rick 's always like , " Just turn it on , thank you . "
He 's even had his tone control deactivated : it 's just set to full - on , all the time .
I really love the shape .
And it 's workmanlike .
Solid .
Basic - looking .
No-nonsense .
There 's no fragility about it .
It 's like a tool .
Andy Summers , the Police
I think it 's one of the greatest designs of the 20th century .
It has never been bettered – partly because it fits the human body so well .
With something like a Gibson Les Paul , it 's a very heavy chunk of wood .
I always had a problem holding it , especially standing up .
But the weight of the Telecaster is just right .
And its sound just cuts through everything .
Everything I did in the Police was on a Telecaster .
I actually ended up with a kind of hybrid model , with some added features .
Before I joined the Police , I got it in LA : I was teaching guitar , and some kid came in wanting to sell it .
It was pretty beaten up , and I got it off him for 200 bucks .
I said , " This is a pretty great guitar – are you sure you want to sell it ? "
But that was the guitar that transformed my life : it brought me back into playing rock , I came back to England with it , and you know the rest of the story .
I would never , ever get rid of it : it 's like a great talisman .
In 2007 , Fender made 250 clones of my guitar .
They took the original to pieces , and photographed it , and made this map of where all the scratches and cracks are .
It 's like my guitar had babies .
I 've got six of them .
They cost $ 15,000 each [ laughs ] .
Many of the businesses in Downtown Oakland boarded up their store fronts this afternoon in anticipation of a potential verdict in the Johannes Mersehle murder trial .
Mersehle , a white BART police officer is being tried for the murder of black Oscar Grant .
Grant was shot in the back while laying face down at a Fruitvale BART station in the early morning of last New Year ’s Day .
The jury in the case went into deliberation this afternoon .
If the jury does not announce a verdict today they will reconvene to deliberate on Tuesday after the 4th of July Holiday weekend .
Downtown Oakland was pretty quiet earlier this afternoon .
A few men were selling Oscar Grant signs and t- shirts on the corner of 14th and Broadway where protestors are expected to gather after the verdict .
In addition to many of the stores downtown being boarded up , many of the stores also had signs in their windows in support of Oscar Grant .
Over the last few days local community and business leaders have been urging people in Oakland to remain calm and respond peacefully to any verdict that is announced .
In 2009 riots erupted in Oakland in response to the shooting .
Oakland PD have been training for riots recently and it is reported that several other Bay Area police departments and the National Guard are on standby in case Oakland PD needs help after a verdict is announced .
You can see my set of images from last year ’s riots here .
If I had to sell someone on newgrounds with just one game , this is probably the one I 'd show them .
I do have to mention two pretty major things , though :
1 ) The sodagun 's hitbox is too big - I can't tell you how many times I 've had the gun and a bottle pouring into the same glass , then tried to move the bottle but accidentally took the sodagun despite my mouse not even being over it .
2 ) The combo points you get for balance transfers is too far out of proportion from everything else , it 's really the only thing worth doing in VS mode .
John
Tory is poised to jump into the Toronto mayoral campaign as early as next week in the wake of encouraging internal polls and backing from political heavyweights , including former premier Mike Harris .
Tory , chairing a forum on the local economy during his vacation from his radio show , declined comment by email Tuesday .
But sources say he has been polling and his supporters are optimistic after two privately commissioned surveys suggested he would fare well against front - running candidates Rob Ford and George Smitherman .
“ He ’s getting down to the short strokes ” of making a decision with help from advisers , and is keen to make up his mind very soon , said one of the many politicos to whom Tory has spoken .
“ I think he ’s leaning more yes than no . . . but it ’s not 100 per cent .
I think we ’ll see a final answer within 10 days , ” the source said , on background .
Tory , who ran unsuccessfully against Mayor David Miller in 2003 , stunned and disappointed many in January when he said would sit out this election to “ pursue a different course with my life and career , ” including his chairmanship of the Toronto City Summit Alliance and hosting duties at Newstalk 1010 .
Four things , confidants say , have him leaning toward a change of heart : massive pressure from supporters , some city councillors and people on the street ; frustration that vital issues , such as efforts to lift up Toronto ’s 13 so - called priority neighbourhoods , are n’t getting their due ; a healing of the sting he felt last year when he lost a provincial by - election and was forced to resign as Ontario Progressive Conservative leader ; and a weakening of opposition from his wife , Barbara Hackett , to their family re-entering politics .
Denzil Minnan - Wong , part of Tory ’s inner circle and a key member of a group of city councillors pressing him to run , would n’t reveal the content of their recent discussions .
But Minnan - Wong made no secret of the fact that he is among the many urging his friend to run .
“ I ’ve knocked on 4,000 doors ( while running for re-election ) and the favourite candidate for mayor I ’m hearing is ‘ None of the above , ’ ” Minnan - Wong said Tuesday .
“ When I mention John ’s name there is great enthusiasm .
His strength lies in the fact that he ’s fiscally conservative and socially progressive .
That ’s got great appeal on council and for the public . . .
If he were to declare , he ’ll win . ”
At Queen ’s Park , where Tory led the Conservatives for more than four years , there is much buzz about him returning to public life .
“ He ’s definitely polling , ” said one senior Conservative , adding Tory is “ flattered ” by all of the positive comments he is hearing from the public .
Another Tory confidant who does n’t want him to run , out of concern he would suffer another devastating political defeat , said the train is leaving the station .
“ I do n’t want him to do it — I think he ’s going to hate it even if he does win because city hall is a mess , but there ’s a ton of pressure on John , ” said the friend .
Insiders say Hackett , her husband ’s most trusted adviser , has gotten over her aversion to electoral politics .
She was upset at how her husband was treated by foes and friends alike after his stunning by - election defeat to Liberal Rick Johnson .
“ Barb kept a list , ” said another friend .
“ But she ’s a lot warmer to the idea ” of a mayoral run .
Another booster of his candidacy is former PC premier Mike Harris , who has been privately describing to friends a pathway to victory for Tory .
While the two men have never been especially close — the more centrist Tory has long distanced himself from Harris ’s right - wing agenda — the ex-premier , who governed from 1995 to 2002 , is a skilled political strategist .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Tory ’s backers hope that Harris will use his sway in the party to convince Rob Ford to drop out .
Ford ’s late father , Doug Ford Sr. , was a Conservative MPP when Harris was premier , and insiders say the latter could persuade the Etobicoke councillor , who has surged in the polls to a tie for first place , to drop out and support Tory .
But Ford and his campaign advisor , brother Doug Jr. , both strong supporters of Tory in the past , have repeatedly said Rob decided to run after Tory dropped out , and nothing will get him out of the race now .
Read more about :
Molson Hockey Summit Plans Revealed
June 1 , 2010 - Western Hockey League ( WHL ) - Brandon Wheat Kings News Release
Toronto , ON , June 1 , 2010 - Today , the global leaders of hockey convened in Toronto to announce details of the upcoming Molson Canadian World Hockey Summit , a three - day event to be held in Toronto , from August 23 - 26 , to dissect the current state of hockey and collaboratively identify and address key concerns and issues facing the game today as well as opportunities to further grow and develop the sport .
The summit's core theme , Global Teamwork Promoting the Growth of the Game , will be brought to life through interactive seminars , presentations and discussions - led by a who's who of the global hockey world from the Interntional Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) , Hockey Canada , USA Hockey , National Hockey League ( NHL ) and Canadian Hockey League ( CHL ) ( Please note : honorary chairpersons , along with a full lineup of speakers , panelists , and moderators to be announced at a later date ) .
" As leaders , stakeholders and fans of hockey we have a shared responsibility for the care , nurturing , protection and development of our game , " said Bob Nicholson , president and CEO of Hockey Canada .
" The goals of the Molson Canadian World Hockey Summit are to provide an inclusive forum to table the most pressing questions surrounding our game and work together to find implementable solutions . "
Key topics to be addressed at the Molson Canadian World Hockey Summit include :
- Player Safety and Skill Development Initiatives : Exploring current trends and issues concerning player safety in today 's game ; understanding the need for a long term plan for player development , recruitment and retention ; fostering long term participation in the sport at all levels of play
- Junior Development in the World : Assessing the results and figures from IIHF World Junior ( U20 ) Championship , the Olympics and the NHL Entry Draft ; addressing the developmental shortcomings in elite junior hockey programs and the impact of European migration to the Canadian Junior ranks
- Vancouver 2010 Evaluation : Evaluating the 2010 Olympic men's ice hockey tournament ; helping hockey to benefit long - term from the unprecedented success by sustaining the positives while developing other areas
- Establishing a Long - Term Global Event Agenda : Exploring the possibilities to provide hockey with a long - term international event agenda for both national team and club events ; further enhancing the IIHF - NHL cooperation for the growth the game
- Women 's Hockey after Vancouver 2010 : How to grow the competitive environment in women 's hockey outside the U.S. and Canada to ensure women 's hockey remains an Olympic sport
- Contracts and International Transfers : Addressing the challenges facing transfers and contractual status throughout the hockey world ; determining how all parties can have a common view on contractual status and a common interpretation of free agency ; discussing Ethical Standards for Agents and the responsibilities related to advising young players about life decisions
This year 's event is open to the public to attend and participate in the sessions .
Registration opens today at www.worldhockeysummit.com.
There are 500 spaces available for the three - day event , with tickets priced at $ 450 CDN .
The events and sessions will be split between two venues in downtown Toronto : the Sheraton Centre and the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Past hockey summits , including the inaugural Molson Open Ice Summit held in 1999 , produced 11 recommendations for change in hockey .
These have resulted in some dramatic improvements to the sport in Canada over the past decade , notably :
- the creation of a national coaching mentorship network , including enhanced resource development to support coaches in the practice environment
- Hockey Canada's
Age Change motion that moved all age classifications back one year and made Midget hockey up to a three - year category
- the development of Hockey Canada 's National Skills Standards and Testing program ( 2004 ) and annual Coaching Day events
- the launch of the Hockey Canada Skills Academy program in partnership with school boards , local hockey boards , associations and sponsors , to better utilize ice times and school facilities and move towards development of young players
A full schedule of events and activities is now available online at www.worldhockeysummit.com.
• Discuss this story on the Western Hockey League message board ...
Western Hockey League Stories from June 1 , 2010
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it , and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff .
Moscow engulfed by worst smog in almost a decade Published duration 28 July 2010
image caption Residents have been advised to wear face masks and remain indoors
Moscow is suffering from the worst smog in almost a decade , as the Russian capital continues to swelter in the hottest weather since records began .
The conditions have sent pollution in the city to ten times above safe levels .
Russia 's chief lung doctor said the carbon monoxide level was the equivalent of smoking two packs of cigarettes every few hours .
The smog was sparked by some 43 peat fires in the Moscow region .
Irina Andrianova , spokesperson for the emergencies ministry , said they hoped to put the fires out before the end of the day , but that they would be likely to appear again due to the weather .
Aircraft have already dropped 516 tonnes of water to extinguish fires , according to AFP news agency .
Moscow 's regional chief , Boris Gromov , has asked Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to commit 25 bn roubles ( $ 827 m ; £ 531 m ) towards the emergency effort .
' Stay indoors '
Temperatures remain high at 37.3C , virtually unchanged from Monday 's reading of 37.4C , the highest figure the country has seen .
Key landmarks of the city , such as the Kremlin , remain shrouded in a thick fog .
image caption Emergency crews have been battling dozens of fires
Pulmonologist Alexander Chuchalin said that the level of carbon monoxide " damages an average of 20 % of red blood cells in a human body , which equals to the effect of two packs of cigarettes smoked within three or four hours . "
He recommended that the public wear masks , take antioxidants such as vitamin E , and try to stay indoors .
Meanwhile , internationally renowned biologist Alexei Yablokov , who also heads Russia 's green party , said the toxins in the air could kill hundreds more people than usual .
The smog is expected to begin to clear on Thursday evening , according to Dmitry Kiktev from the Roshydromet meteorological service .
Tomb of the Cybermen
The official site has updated with a video of Matt Smith interviewing Karen Gillan - see it in the player below .
In it the twosome discuss the finale , William Hartnell and .
You can see Karen interviewing Matt HERE
( You may have to use a thinner item , such as a small screwdriver , or a thicker paperclip ; depends on the brand , again .
For a Bic , a fork should work pretty well . )
This forces the safety out from the prongs which hold it in -- although it should be mentioned , for the sake of safety , that sometimes it pops out fully and can hit you in the eye .
2
From there you can simply use needle - nose pliers or fingers as above to remove it fully .
This often saves you from having to re-adjust the prongs , which can often nick your thumb , even after they 've been flattened .
If the prongs actually came undone , just push them back in with a hard flat object , such as the butt end of the screwdriver .
You can even just press them against the edge of the table .
The Easter Egg In Hans Zimmer ’s ‘ Inception ’ Score
After a recent screening of Inception , it occurred to YouTuber camiam321 that there may be some method to the madness of the dark , slow , bass - heavy theme that dominates Hans Zimmer ‘s score .
He took Edith Piaf ’s “ Non , Je Ne Regrette Rien ” ( which is used as a recurring motif in the film ’s heist sequence ) , and slowed it down in Adobe Soundbooth by 300 % .
The result was a near exact match to the Zimmer theme .
Watch the video here below and listen to the comparison .
Thematically , this ties in perfectly with the film ’s plot device in which ( MINOR SPOILERS ) a dream can feel exponentially longer than the time it takes to dream it , and a dream within a dream can feel exponentially longer than the dream level above it , in other words , hours within a dream can take place over the course of 20 minutes in real life .
Zimmer mentioned in a recent LA Times interview , “ You realize that the elements that weâ€™ve extracted from the Piaf song are the way you get from one dream level to the next . ”
And now we see how literally those elements were transposed .
Video
Andrew Sorcini is a film editor and social networking enthusiast who produces and hosts the technology podcast The Drill Down .
Image caption Having lighter skin is considered an asset in parts of India
Facebook users in India are being urged to make themselves appear whiter online , as part of a marketing campaign by a skincare company .
Vaseline has launched software to promote its new skin - whitening cream , which promises to reduce five types of dark face spots .
Facebook users are asked to download a programme or app , which will then similarly adjust their photographs .
Having lighter skin is considered an asset in parts of India .
Pankaj Parihar of Omnicom , the advertising firm behind the campaign , told the AFP news agency the response to its " Vaseline Men " cream " has been pretty phenomenal " .
' Thoroughly attractive '
The Vaseline Men Facebook page has more than 500 fans , who also receive grooming tips such as this :
" Do n't shave for a day or two and let the stubble grow in rakishly .
Combine this with sunglasses to look utterly mysterious , rakish and thoroughly attractive . "
But not all users approve .
Ember Rayne Hulett from Virginia in the US writes that " Black is Beautiful .
You do n't need a cream to be cool " .
As with the Indian economy as a whole , the skin - whitening industry is growing like never before , and is now worth billions of dollars .
Most products , such as Fair and Lovely are aimed at women , but men are being targeted as well by lotions like Fair and Handsome .
Ravi Raj Narula , the owner of a cosmetics shop in central Delhi , said his customers include men from the villages surrounding the Indian capital .
" Earlier it was only the ladies who were interested , but now many young boys and men also want to have a fairer complexion , " he said .
" Maybe it is because of the impact of the Indian film industry because traditionally the heroes and heroines have been shown as white - skinned people .
" Or maybe it is a legacy we inherited from the Britishers when they left India ? "
Updated Research Showing , Yet Again , That Weaker Copyright Has Benefited Culture And Society
from the good - news dept
Data on the supply of new works are consistent with our argument that file sharing did not discourage authors and publishers .
The publication of new books rose by 66 % over the 2002 - 2007 period .
Since 2000 , the annual release of new music albums has more than doubled , and worldwide feature film production is up by more than 30 % since 2003 .
At the same time , empirical research in file sharing documents that consumer welfare increased substantially due to the new technology .
...
While file sharing disrupted some traditional business models in the creative industries , foremost in music , in our reading of the evidence there is little to suggest that the new technology has discouraged artistic production .
Weaker copyright protection , it seems , has benefited society .
The role of complements makes it necessary to adopt a broad view of markets when considering the impact of file sharing on the creative industries .
Unfortunately , the popular press -- and a good number of policy experts -- often evaluate file sharing looking at a single product market .
Analyzing trends in CD sales , for example , they conclude that piracy has wrecked havoc on the music business .
This view confuses value creation and value capture .
Record companies may find it more difficult to profitably sell CDs , but the broader industry is in a far better position .
In fact , it is easy to make an argument that the business has grown considerably .
Figure 7 shows spending on CDs , concerts and iPods .
The decline in music sales -- they fell by 15 % from 1997 to 2007 -- is the focus of much discussion .
However , adding in concerts alone shows the industry has grown by 5 % over this period .
If we also consider the sale of iPods as a revenue stream , the industry is now 66 % larger than in 1997 .
Copyright exists to encourage innovation and the creation of new works ; in other words to promote social welfare .
The question to ask is thus whether the new technology has undermined the incentives to create , market , and distribute entertainment .
Sales displacement is a necessary but not a sufficient condition for harm to occur .
We also need to know whether income from complementary products offset the decline in income from copyrighted works .
And even if income fell , welfare may not suffer if artists do not respond to weaker monetary incentives .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Almost exactly a year ago , we wrote about a draft version of a paper from Felix Oberholzer - Gee of Harvard and Koleman Strumpf of the University of Kansas concerning the impact of weaker copyright enforcement on society .
It appears that they 've now updated that paper and , as a whole bunch of you have been submitting , it 's finally getting some press attention .
The full paper is embedded below , and is quite similar to the draft we discussed last year , but since so many people seem unfamiliar with it , we thought it was worth reposting the whole thing , and some key points from it :
The paper looks at the , rather than just the narrow market for direct sales of content , and finds , as we 've been pointing out for years , that the increased ability to make , share , promote and distribute content has n't hurt the content market at all .
In fact , the opposite has happened : One of the key points that the paper makes is that many people have difficulty ( especially beforehand ) in recognizing whether certain products are substitutes or complements .
If products substitute for others ( i.e. , downloads take away from sales ) , then a market can be harmed .
However , if the products are actually complements ( i.e. , more content boosts other parts of the market ) , then a market can actually be helped .
The detailed research that Oberholzer - Gee and Strumpf go through clearly shows ( pretty unequivocally ) that file sharing is a complementary good that hasboosted many different ancillary markets , and created a fantastic consumer surplusactually decreasing output .
In fact , quite to the contrary , as noted above , creative output has risen at a dramatic pace .
And , when you actually look at the overall market , you see that the actual spend on these markets is increasing , not decreasing :
The report also takes on the policy questions , and notes ( as we have so many times ) that too much of the policy debate is on how to help a particular industry , which is not what copyright is intended to do at all : From there , the report notes evidence that the income from complementary products has , in fact , increased while at the same time pointing out that artistic output is clearly not suffering .
While the report notes that further study on these issues is definitely required , it 's amazing that so few people are talking about this .
I 've brought it up to both the USTR and the IP Enforcement Coordinator , and neither seems inclined to care .
Both seem wholly focused on responding to the claims of industry lobbyists thatare being harmed .
But industry players failing to react is not the same thing as actual societal harm , and -- as we have pointed out repeatedly -- the entire point of copyright law isto be about benefiting society as a whole .
Filed Under : benefits , copyright , felix oberholzer - gee , koleman strumpf , society
If you ask a married woman if she ’d ever had an affair , she will unconditionally tell you no .
Yet if one ponders over the statistics one will see that in fact quite a few of them actually do .
One in five for women and one in 3 for men .
But then again this is not an article on the discrepancies of what women and men actually say and what they do .
It ’s an article about the perils of what happens when a man gets involved with a married woman …
Recently I came across a woman , who for anonymity ’s sake I will call Grace , whom I had an affair with a few years back .
Our meeting was quite accidental and pleasant .
One of those random meetings one has from time to time while running errands in the city .
With her was her husband , a famous rocker who considered me with intrigue as I politely shook his hand .
Of course I retained decorum and not once mentioned anything that had gone on between me and his wife .
That however did n’t stop the vivid memories that suddenly ran into my mind .
As I stood there and bid them goodbye I was pleasantly relieved that they were still together , pleasantly relieved also that he had no idea that I was the one who accidentally broken his guitar after one bout of lascivious love making …
The adventure with Grace started off innocently .
I had no idea that she was involved , or to be precise married .
It was a secret she kept from me until she one day started to cry hysterically after I bought her bouquet of flowers .
To be precise there ’s nothing more awkward than a woman crying hysterically on the street , and a gentleman ( I do use that word with some discretion ) must if he is to retain a woman ’s good graces react with due grace .
Never mind the bemused ( mortified ? ) expressions of passerbys …
Upon telling me she was married I was secretly thrilled .
Thrilled that I would n’t have to commit to ritualized rules of courting , thrilled that I would not be held to a higher standard , thrilled that I could come and go as I pleased , thrilled that if I disappointed her it somehow would n’t matter .
How wrong was I …
For those of you acute to observation there are a lot of unhappily married women dotting the landscape .
The reasons vary , from emotional emptiness , loneliness , buried grievances , sexual deprivation and simply because a woman may suddenly find herself bored and disappointed with her bethroned man .
This is where it seems men like me come to fit in .
Uncommitted , free , ( supposedly ) cultured , unbound by most social conventions and smacking of a purported glam that a wavering eye from time to time finds compelling .
Of course that ’s all just for show , a show we put on for the public .
Who we are within ourselves is a smorgasbord of conflicted feelings , reservations , insecurities that we rarely reveal .
But if you must feel free to continue perceiving me as a hero of sorts , I wont correct you until I absolutely feel that I must …
As I stood there consoling her I remembered I had a choice .
I could turn back and walk away .
I was within my bounds .
I was not in the business of competing for a married woman ’s love interests , not in the business of getting myself entangled in other people ’s disarray .
But affection as most of you already know can never be reasonably rationed , and one despite their moral codes , better judgment , sense of danger can not be simply overlooked .
Grace was after all a stunning older woman , wildly successful , inspiring , a joy to be with and a confidante of sorts .
I was just as intrigued with her as she was with me .
Of course only later did I realize that I was a concubine of sorts , a secret getaway figure for the illicit .
Eventually I became the kept writer , my rent and groceries paid on cue , my attendance demanded at every social function she attended ( never mind the bemused expressions of her friends who also knew her husband and secretly wondered as this bold woman clung on to my hand and watched my eyes should another beautiful woman walk past ) , my bachelor pad her secret getaway , my manhood her manifested desire for the illicit .
Personally I ’ve never understood all the younger woman one often comes across in society at the hands of older successful gentlemen .
Part of me has always wondered if it ’s an arranged relationship of convenience that on an organic level smells of calculated fabrication .
Yet we live in a society where such relationships are common place and tolerated .
With respect to men being the beautified object in a relationship there comes an awkward stage .
An awkwardness that one is ‘ kept , ’ an awkwardness that one is now too comfortable with all the financial niceties , an awkwardness that somehow ones masculinity has been tampered with , and that as much you men might appreciate the many advantages a wealthy female companion can offer it becomes increasingly vexing when you realize that it ’s not your masculinity that is appreciated but your femininity .
One day , while we were lying in bed , Grace asked me to run to the corner store and pick up some condoms .
I responded I was happy just to lie in bed and read her something I was working on .
Grace of course was having none of it .
Anyway I responded it ’s snowing .
She then took out a fifty dollar bill and told me to be a good boy and go to the deli and keep the change .
Once again I refused .
She then started screaming at how her husband was sitting at home probably wondering where she was and that she had spent all this taxi money to come out and see me in the snow .
The least I could do was be sensitive to her needs .
As you can imagine that put a pall to my spirits .
All I could do was light a cigarette as she got dressed and stormed out of the house .
Like anything in life , ones actions and choices come with repercussions .
On one hand I was involved with a compelling woman who excited me but on the other hand I was involved with a woman who had with her actions mitigated me to a metaphor for all that she was n’t getting in her marriage .
That ’s not to say what she did or wanted was wrong , it was just wrong for me .
As much as one appreciates affection and love , one can not bear its burden if it continues to compromise ones sense of self .
Becoming an escape destination for the wicked was fine in print , but too unyielding in reality .
Eventually we caught up with each other , continued the abandoned behavior until one morning I realized that I could no longer bear her guilt , my repressed emotions ( I had by now been careful not to give too much emotionally ) and sense of what it was to be free and my own man .
Yes , I could have stopped receiving her financial gifts , but somehow that was the trade off I gave myself for being involved with an older married woman .
Even I am complicit in nefarious behavior or motives .
Perhaps then this was what revolted me most , my complicit perjured behavior .
One afternoon , while having tea near her place of work , I announced that I could no longer see her .
She immediately wanted to know if it was because I was seeing another woman .
I replied no .
I tried to explain as fond as I was of her I could no longer fathom the dynamics of the relationship .
For once I reached into my pocket , paid the bill and proceeded to walk out .
Grace then followed me demanding that I speak to her .
I told her that there was nothing more to say .
She stood there on the street crying , looking at me , while I begged a stranger for a cigarette .
Once again she asked if this was it and I replied that indeed it was , before turning and walking the other way .
I simply did n’t have the strength to wipe away her tears , as much as I would have liked .
To say that I was secretly thrilled to see her looking reasonably happy ( to what extend I will never know ) with her husband this recent past would be an understatement , even if it left me with a tinge of sadness .
Sometimes life can only be understood by living it .
The fight to quiet the hospital is part of a growing appreciation of the ways that hospitals themselves can be unhealthy for patients :
While focusing on one problem , they can expose patients to others , such as infections , drug errors , and stressful , invasive care at a time when they are at their most vulnerable .
That newfound awareness is being driven by a movement within the medical community to better understand how health and recovery are affected by all kinds of factors beyond the moment when a doctor operates or a patient takes medication .
It ’s an idea that made its way into some of the pilot programs in the health care bill President Obama signed into law this spring .
“ There are several vectors driving this , and they all point to the fact that A , people do n’t like [ hospital noise ] , and B , it ’s bad for you , ” says David Sykes , a consultant who cochaired the committee that revamped the federal hospital guidelines .
“ Noise levels in hospitals are twice what they were a few decades ago .
They ’re approaching the level of harm , and they ’re definitely at the level of stress . ”
of experimentation to address the cacophony , with solutions ranging from sound - absorbing paneling and new wheels on gurneys to eliminating overhead paging , culling extraneous alarms from monitors , and carving out blocks of daily undisturbed “ quiet time ” for patients .
The most successful of these measures are now spreading , helped along by regulatory changes — earlier this year , the federal guidelines that shape building codes across the country were revised to include , for the first time , binding limits on hospital noise .
In response , doctors , nurses , engineers , and architects are rethinking the hospital , both its design and its routines .
Recent years have seen a burst
Hospitals are loud .
And while all that noise was once just seen as a perfectly tolerable byproduct of high - tech healing , a growing body of research suggests that the noise itself actually harms patients , interfering with the healing process , increasing the likelihood of medical errors , and raising the stress levels of everyone on the premises .
Studies have shown that patients sleep poorly and take longer to recover from surgery in noisier hospitals and that loud neonatal wards may delay development in premature babies .
Wounded rats heal more slowly in noisy environments ; heart patients in loud wards are more likely to be rehospitalized later .
By interrupting sleep and increasing stress , noise batters the body .
Close your eyes and think of a hospital .
There ’s the antiseptic smell , the cool , climate - controlled air , the bright lights glinting off linoleum .
And then there are the sounds : squeaky - wheeled gurneys , banging doors , ringing phones , the banter of nurses and doctors , the studio audience on the TV above the next bed , the blurting from the overhead PA system as people are paged , and the beeps and buzzes and whirrs and whooshes of the ubiquitous monitors and machinery .
The change has been stark .
In 2005 , a team of researchers at Johns Hopkins University led by the engineers Ilene Busch - Vishniac ( now the provost at McMaster University ) and James West looked at the best available historical data and found that , since 1960 , the average daytime noise level in hospitals had doubled .
At night , it was four times louder .
“ There ’s more traffic , more players , ” says Susan Mazer , who runs a company called Healing HealthCare Systems that works with leading hospitals on noise issues .
“ It used to just be the nurses and the doctors , now you have phlebotomists , lab technicians , administrators , transport . ”
What those early campaigners could not foresee was that the greatest threat to hospital quiet would come not from without but from within .
The main culprit in this long crescendo was the proliferation of hospital gadgetry — machines that vastly increased the abilities of nurses and doctors to diagnose and cure ailments , but that also , either usefully or not , made noise .
There were other factors , too : Hospital airflow standards increased over the years , forcing hospitals to pump more air through their ducts than they had been built to handle , creating a low - level background roar .
And the number of people working in hospitals kept increasing : more administrators and assistants for the paperwork , technicians to run and fix all the machines .
That meant more people talking and barking orders and being paged .
Hospitals enjoyed special attention from the American antinoise campaigners who emerged in the early 20th century to try to quiet the nation ’s fast - growing cities .
According to “ The Unwanted Sound of Everything We Want , ” a just - published meditation on noise by Garret Keizer , a New York organization called Society for the Suppression of Unnecessary Noise had children swear pledges to not play loudly near hospitals .
By mid-century the “ Quiet Hospital Zone ” sign was a familiar part of the landscape .
Health care was not always so loud .
Virgil , in “ The Aeneid , ” called medicine “ the quiet art , ” and for millennia the sick ward was a hushed environment .
In a quote beloved by today ’s hospital noise reformers , Florence Nightingale , in her 1859 “ Notes on Nursing , ” described unnecessary noise as “ the most cruel absence of care which can be inflicted either on sick or well . ”
The antinoise campaign also emerges from a concerted effort on the part of doctors , nurses , and hospital administrators to listen more closely to their patients .
This new trend toward “ patient - centered care ” has been fed in part by changes in the way medical care is paid for , and in part by a longstanding shift in the top - down hierarchy of traditional medicine .
The things patients complain about , like excessive noise , may be more than a nuisance .
They may actually be bad for their health .
Noise feeds on itself .
The louder it gets , the louder people have to talk to be heard , and the louder the alarms and pages have to be to be heard over everything else .
Indeed , one of the concerns that hospital noise reformers talk about is privacy : the fact that , in order to understand each other , doctors and patients sometimes have to raise their voices even when talking about sensitive medical information .
When patients are asked about their experience in hospitals , noise routinely tops the list of complaints , and evidence has slowly accumulated that it ’s not just an annoyance , it ’s a health hazard .
A 1968 study found that patients in loud hospital wards require more pain medication than those in quiet wards .
Medical researchers in a 1976 study found that loud construction work across the street from the University of Minnesota Hospital increased the amount of time it took patients there to recover from cataract surgery .
The evidence has grown in recent years .
Doctors have found evidence that the noise in neonatal intensive care units elevates blood pressure , decreases oxygen saturation , and may impede development and contribute to hearing loss in premature infants .
Multiple studies have shown noise - related delays in wound - healing in mice and rats .
Too much noise may also be compromising the ability of doctors and nurses to do their jobs properly .
The death of a heart patient at Massachusetts General Hospital earlier this year after the volume on a heart - rate monitor was turned off highlighted the national problem of “ alarm fatigue , ” when medical personnel , overwhelmed by the constant ringing of alarms all around them , turn them off or simply stop noticing them .
A set of auditory perception experiments published earlier this year by a team led by Bruce Lambert of the University of Illinois , Chicago found that noise levels similar to those in hospitals led clinicians to confuse similar - sounding drug names with each other .
As it becomes increasingly clear that hospitals need to dial back their noise , the challenge is doing that without compromising the efficacy of all the life - saving machinery and activity that creates it .
Johns Hopkins Hospital enlisted Busch - Vishniac and West to figure out how to quiet its buildings .
A big part of the problem , the engineers decided , was the acoustics of the rooms and hallways .
Hospitals walls , floors , and ceilings are traditionally bare and smooth so that they can be washed and kept as sterile as possible .
As a result , they reflect sound rather than absorb it .
Busch - Vishniac and West ’s solution : a new kind of wall paneling that could both dampen sound and meet hospital standards for sterility and washability .
According to West , the installation of the first panels was an immediate success .
Quebecers in the province 's red zones could face tickets of up to $ 1000 for violating public health regulations .
Quebecers in the province 's red zones could face tickets of up to $ 1000 for violating public health regulations .
Meanwhile , the House of Commons has unanimously passed legislation authorizing new benefits for workers left jobless or underemployed by the COVID - 19 ...
Meanwhile , the House of Commons has unanimously passed legislation authorizing new benefits for workers left jobless or underemployed by the COVID - 19 ...
Quebec Premier François
Legault says police in the province 's red zones — regions where COVID - 19 cases are surging — will be issuing $ 1000 fines to those ...
Quebec Premier François
Legault says police in the province 's red zones — regions where COVID - 19 cases are surging — will be issuing $ 1000 fines to those ...
What 's frightening is how fast it can turn ?
For me , it 's the need to dodge the COVID - 19 bullet because so many other ailments have weakened my immune ...
( CNN ) -- Argentina became the first Latin American country on Thursday to legalize same - sex marriage .
Lawmakers in the Senate passed the bill after 14 hours of debate that began Wednesday and carried well into early Thursday morning , the state - run Telam news agency reported .
The bill had already passed the lower chamber of Congress .
It gives same - sex couples equal marriage rights , including the ability to adopt children .
The law was backed by the center - left government of President Cristina Kirchner , who has said she will sign it .
The majority Roman Catholic country follows a few others around the world where same - sex marriage is legal .
Among them are the Netherlands , Belgium and Spain .
Last month 's congressional vote and Wednesday 's Senate vote are the latest moves in a pro-gay marriage trend in Argentine politics .
Last year , a judge in Buenos Aires ruled that a ban on same - sex marriage was illegal , paving the way for such marriages in the capital of Argentina .
An injunction by another judge stopped what would have been the first same - sex marriage there .
Ultimately , Latin America 's first same - sex marriage happened in Argentina in a southern state with a pro-gay marriage governor .
Researchers have long known that the Internet has contributed to pornography addiction by making it so easily accessible — no need to go out in a raincoat , pull a hat down over the face , and sneak furtively into the red - light district .
But that ease of access also has leveled the playing field between the sexes — men are known as the sexual risk - takers , after all — and psychologists and researchers have seen an increasing number of women becoming addicted to pornography on the Internet over the past 10 years .
In 2003 , Today ’s Christian Woman found in a survey that one out of every six women , including Christians , acknowledged struggling with the same addiction .
A 2006 survey released by Internet Filter Review showed that 17 percent of women said they struggled with pornography addiction and that one in three visitors to pornography sites were women .
About 30 percent of Internet pornography consumers are women , according to the 2008 Internet Pornography Statistics .
Psychologists and researchers attribute the increase to the Internet ’s anonymity and safety .
Now a woman need n’t sneak into the places good girls avoid .
“ Women can still become addicted to pornography in the same way that men do , ” said Douglas Weiss , a licensed psychologist and executive director of Heart to Heart Counseling Center in Colorado Springs .
“ I do think that the partial reason for this is women becoming more intelligent about usage of the Internet — going online and chatting , developing relationships and acting out sexually . ”
Studies have shown that women find it easier to click a few buttons on the Internet to search for sexually alluring material .
In the absence of a social context , pornography is more appealing to women because there are no social repercussions for using it .
A 2006 Internet Filter Review poll found that 9.4 million women access adult websites each month , and 13 percent of women admit to accessing pornography at work .
“ The more pornography women use , the more likely they are to be victims of non-consensual sex , ” said Mary Anne Layden , professor of sociology and women ’s studies at Wheelock College in Boston .
“ The earlier the male starts using pornography , the more likely they are to be the perpetrators of non-consensual sex . ”
Men in general have always been considered the more visually stimulated of the two sexes .
Before the advancements in technology , young women who wanted a sense of emotional gratification would live vicariously through romance novels .
Young men would get some of their sexual gratification from photographs of scantily clad or nude women , or go to strip clubs .
Pornography is nothing new .
However , with the introduction of the Internet , it has become much more accessible to people of all ages .
Sex is the No. 1 topic for Internet searches , according to the Sexual Recovery Institute , and more than 1.3 million porn sites are available .
The pornography revenue in the U.S. , in 2006 alone , was approximately $ 13 billion .
The pornography industry is also larger than the revenues of the top technology companies combined : Microsoft Corp. , Google Inc. , Amazon.com Inc. , eBay Inc. , Yahoo Inc. , Apple Inc. , Netflix Inc. and EarthLink .
“ Pornography is the drug of the millennium and more addictive than crack cocaine , ” said Donna Rice Hughes , president of Enough Is Enough , a Virginia - based nonprofit that works to make the Internet safer for children and families .
“ [ EIE ‘s ] goal is that there be as much protection online as there is offline . ”
Ninety percent of pornography addiction begins at home , Ms. Hughes said , adding that organizations like EIE can give families safeguards to help avoid addictions .
With children becoming more technologically savvy , she said , “ It is no longer a question of if they will come across porn , but when . ”
Science has shown that the brain reacts and takes in images in a certain way and can be detrimental in the developing mind of a child .
When a man or woman becomes sexually aroused , the levels of endorphins and enkephalin in the prefrontal cortex are at their highest .
Whatever a person visualizes at that point — real or imaginary — his or her body glues to , hungers for and craves , and the adrenal glands imprint that image on the mind .
“ If a man or woman ejaculates to pornography on a regular basis they will actually attach to sex as object relationships as opposed to intimate relationships , ” Mr. Weiss said .
“ So they will actually hunger for object relationships , creating over time what we call intimacy anorexia . ”
Sex , in its ideal sense , is relational , and object sex does not fulfill the relational aspect of that , said Mr. Weiss .
A person does n’t get that full satiation , but gets a different kind of buzz with object sex because it ’s a different kind of sex .
With someone having to visualize that object in order to achieve sexual gratification , barriers are created , even at a young age , said Ms. Hughes .
“ If they ’re an addict , they stop developing spiritually , relationally and morally , at the age of the onset of the addiction , ” said Mr. Weiss .
Pornography has become more interactive since leaking into other kinds of media and social networks .
A “ Campus Kiss and Tell ” University and College Sex Survey in 2006 found that 87 percent of those students polled confessed to having virtual sex using mainly Instant Messenger , webcam and telephone .
Christian women are n’t safe from the influence and addictive qualities of pornography , either .
“ I ’m less and less surprised by it , ” said Joshua Harris , author of the book “ Sex Is Not the Problem ( Lust Is ) ” and pastor at Covenant Life Church in Maryland .
“ Seven years ago , when I was writing that book , I was so surprised at how many women struggle with lust as much as men do . ”
Many expectations and desires are set by society at an early age , which makes it easier for people to shrug off pornography as no big deal , Mr. Harris said .
Pornographic material , under the Constitution , can be put into two categories : soft - core and hard - core .
Hard - core pornography is prosecutable under the law .
Organizations like EIE are fighting to save children , teens , and parents from porn addiction by trying to get it off the Internet , Ms. Hughes said .
“ If you do n’t think you can fall into any kind of sexual temptation , you ’re either godlier than David , wiser than Solomon , or stronger than Samson , ” said Ms. Hughes .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
We had a chance to go hands - on with a pre-release version of IK Multimedia 's AmpliTube iRig , a small interface for your iPhone , iPad or iPod touch that allows you to plug a guitar or other instrument directly in to your mobile device .
Combined with the AmpliTube app , the iRig turns your iPhone or iPad into a portable stompbox and jam studio with the ability to select from a number of different amp types and audio effects .
The iRig dongle itself also works with other recording or tuning apps , and can simply function as a line - in for your guitar or other line level instrument .
However , the device really comes alive when used with the AmpliTube app , making it possible to dial in an insane number of customized amp and effects sounds using intuitive controls .
iRig Hardware and Setup
The iRig device itself is simple to understand at a glance and quite straightforward to set up .
Its male 1/8 - inch mini - jack connector plugs into your iPad , iPhone or iPod touch , and a 1/4 - inch input on the opposite side lets you plug a guitar or other line - level instrument in to the device .
A 1/8 - inch headphone jack then handles the overall audio output , allowing you to listen through headphones for a solo jam session or connect up to an external mixer or PA system for practice , performance or recording .
The iRig itself is sturdy and well - made , and you should n't have to worry about it being too fragile to carry around with other cables , adapters or equipment .
You just have to remember to turn down the volume on your iPad or iPhone / iPod touch before putting your headphones on or turning on your PA system to make sure you do n't generate feedback or blow out either your eardrums or your equipment with a too - hot audio signal — but performers and audiophiles will pretty much be trained to do this already when setting up their gear .
AmpliTube Software
You 'll actually have your choice of three options in terms of the software : the full version of AmpliTube includes 11 stompboxes , 5 amps and cabinets plus two microphones for a cost of $ 19.99 .
The AmpliTube LE version includes 5 stompboxes , 1 amp and cabinet and two microphones for $ 2.99 .
There 's also a totally free version that comes with 3 stompboxes , 1 amp and cabinet and two microphones .
We were able to test out the full range of sounds , amps , cabinets and effects for our review .
Amps included clean , crunch , lead , metal and bass and each featured the complementary range of controls you 'd find on the actual hardware : volume , bass , treble , tone and reverb depending on the amp model .
The stompboxes included flanger , phazer , octave , noise filter , chorus , distortion , envelope filter , wah , overdrive , fuzz and delay — with the ability to apply up to three independent effects at the same time .
All of the effects have easy bypass modes accessible via an interface button , and some offer unique control mechanisms .
The wah pedal for example can be operated simply by touching to depress the pedal further , or you can switch to tilt mode to use the accelerometer of the iPad , iPhone or iPod touch to adjust the level as you tilt the device itself .
Also handy is the ability to store up to 12 presets , so once you 've worked up a combination of amps , settings and stompboxes you like it 's easy to store and retrieve again later .
How Does it Sound ?
IK Multimedia is a known leader in the software sound modeling arena and the AmpliTube plus iRig combination does not disappoint .
You will easily forget that the sounds you hear are actually coming from a phone .
The amps are based on well - known classic tones from the likes of Marshall and Fender and sound accordingly full .
They 're also easy to tweak thanks to the cabinet and microphone options plus on - board controls , and the entire interface is very intuitive and easy to use .
Add to that the range of effects with their own sets of controls , and the ability to layer up to three stompboxes at a time , and you 've got yourself a very impressive and highly portable collection of sound modifiers all set up and waiting to go on your iPhone or iPad .
I did n't encounter any latency issues during any of my testing , but here too AmpliTube is looking out for those who demand high performance with low and ultra low latency options available in the Setup menu .
Song Mode and Other Goodies
Yet another cool feature of the AmpliTube app is the ability to import songs or backing tracks over a wireless network so as to play along or practice alongside an accompaniment .
It does n't hook directly into your iTunes library , which would be a nice touch , but nevertheless it 's still a great feature .
Other goodies include a built - in metronome and chromatic tuner .
You can also sync up your AmpliTube app with your IK Multimedia account , netting you the ability to eventually purchase additional stompboxes from the online store to further expand your sound modulating arsenal .
Overall Impressions
Ultimately we came away quite impressed with the iRig plus AmpliTube combo .
The sounds are solid , the interface is intuitive , the featureset is robust and the price is reasonable — especially considering the range of software options and pricing available .
Musicians of all stripes from hobbyist to professional could glean a lot of utility from having an on - the - go practice or composition toolbox available right in their iPhone or iPad .
All three flavors of AmpliTube are already available in the App Store now , with a set of pre-recorded guitar loops built in so you can audition the sounds before deciding whether or not to pick up the iRig hardware .
The device itself will ship July 1 , and is available for pre-order now for a cost of $ 39.99 .
You can check out a video demo showcasing some of the amps and stompbox effects below , and go even more in depth with videos of particular sounds as well .
What are your impressions of the iRig / AmpliTube combo ?
Let us know in the comments !
Bonus material to be released with the DVD of Wall•E takes a look at Operation Clean Up , a plan built by BNL .
AROUND THE WEB
Through the talent , passion , and tenacity of our legal team , Holder Susan Slusher LLC has helped our clients obtain millions of dollars in personal injury verdicts and settlements , and secured dismissals and acquittals in the most complex criminal cases .
For more than 20 years , our success has been the result of our exceptional experience , depth of resources and tireless commitment to those we represent .
Our law firm is not intimidated by large corporations , insurance companies or public institutions and we never back down from a fight .
Panama City Beach , the REAL .
FUN .
BEACH .
destination which recently celebrated the opening of its brand new $ 318 million Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport ( ECP ) , is not letting the potential impact from the Gulf Coast off - shore oil spill deter its plans to provide visitors with a quintessential summer experience .
While the destination ’s sugar - white sand beaches are open for the enjoyment of all , Panama City Beach is showcasing its distinctive on - shore offerings by launching SUMMER OF FUN , a season - long , city - wide beach celebration .
From July 1 through Labor Day weekend ( September 6 , 2010 ) , Panama City Beach is hosting a series of street festivals , outdoor movies , fireworks displays and more .
Throughout the festivities , Panama City Beach is rolling out the red carpet for its visitors with REAL .
FUN .
RANDOM ACTS OF APPRECIATION . , an innovative program thanking visitors for choosing the destination in unsuspecting ways , whether it is picking up the tab for dinner or paying for a round of mini - golf .
“ We strongly encourage visitors to continue with their plans to enjoy their vacation here in Panama City Beach and support those whose livelihoods are directly connected to our tourism industry , ” states Dan Rowe , president and CEO of the Panama City Beach Convention & Visitors Bureau .
“ We are , quite simply , one of the most fun destinations in the world and our focus is ensuring that when visitors come they have a truly great time . ”
Panama City Beach continues to show tremendous growth and investment in its tourism product .
WonderWorks ™ Panama City Beach , an innovative attraction based on a science lab being picked up in a storm and dumped upside down , will open at the end of this month .
The four - story , 39,000 - sq.- ft. attraction is filled with 100 interactive hands - on exhibits , small rides , video games , a gift shop and more .
SUMMER OF FUN officially begins on the Fourth of July with Panama City Beach ’s Star Spangled Spectacular .
Listed below is a sampling of highlighted events and activities :
Star Spangled Spectacular – Sunday , July 4 from 5 pm. to 9:30 p.m. at Pier Park , Northwest Florida ’s largest entertainment , dining and shopping complex .
Festivities include a dedicated Kids Zone at Miracle Strip amusement park , live drama performances , live concert by Kevin Hammond ( an up and coming singer - songwriter ) , and premier fireworks display .
BeachFest Block Party – Friday , July 16 at Pier Park – A family favorite event not - to - be-missed .
Visitors can enjoy a day of shopping , dining and entertainment at Pier Park and then enjoy festivities which culminate with a countdown and thousands of inflatable beach balls dropping from the sky at 8:00 p.m .
27th Annual Bay Point 40/40 Shootout – Saturday , July 17 at Bay Point Marriott – The 40/40 Shootout features a field of up to 40 boats – all of which are 40 feet or less in length – fishing for tuna , wahoo and dolphin .
The kick - off party will be held on Friday night with food and entertainment , Weigh - ins are held on Saturday event .
All entertainment and spectator events are free and open to the public .
http://www.baypointbillfish.com
Bon Temps Roulez Pirate Festival – Friday , July 23 – Saturday , July 24 – Panama City Beach will “ Let the Good Times Roll , ” bringing New Orleans flair to Panama City Beach for concerts on Friday and festive pirate parade with fabulous floats , masked performers , colorful costume and street party beginning at 9 p.m. on Saturday .
Festival of the Beach – Sunday , July 25 at Spinnaker Beach Club – Beginning at noon , Spinnaker Beach Club will feature live music from the Bellamy Brothers , Tobacco Road , Boyd & Wood , American Honey , Phar Fletcher , Citizen Icon , Nothing Short of Pure and more .
Purpose is to raise awareness and aid in coastal clean up efforts .
Bellies for the Beach – Saturday , July 31 and Saturday , August 21 on By the Sea Resort ’s gulf - front green next to Beachcomber by the Sea – Beginning at 6:30 p.m. , belly dancing troupe Gypsy Parvana is headlining two benefit performances and free workshops .
A $ 5 donation to the National Wildlife Federation ’s Gulf Oil Spill Restoration Fund is encouraged but not required .
Benefit t- shirts will also be for sale .
http://www.bythesearesorts.com
Beach Luau at Sharky ’s on Panama City Beach – Every Tuesday through August 10 , Sharky ’s celebrates the spirit of aloha , as well as the sights , sounds and tastes of timeless Polynesia .
Guests can enjoy tradition al music as well as the fire dancer ’s show in Sharky ’s own open air theatre .
Pier Park Summer Concert Series – Every Thursday through August 12 from 7 p.m. – 9 p.m .
Free concerts will take place at the Aaron Bessant Amphitheater adjacent to Pier Park .
Guests are invited to bring a lawn chair or blanket , cooler and picnic and enjoy all styles of music from reggae to jazz to classic rock .
Screen on the Green – Every Tuesday night through Labor Day – This weekly outdoor film series showcases family movies under the stars at Aaron Bessant Park .
Movies start just after dusk and are free .
Popcorn and soda are available for purchase .
Groovin ’ on the Green – Every Monday through September 6 – Visitors are welcome to this free concert series held on the Village Green at Carillon Beach .
Barefoot Beach Club Live Entertainment – Every Friday , Saturday and Sunday from 4:00 - 8:00 p.m. – Barefoot Beach Club offers live entertainment from its beachfront desk .
Guitarist and singer Jesse Jones , steel drum duo Dr. Steele Good and Randy Watson are featured performers .
Art on a String – Every Tuesday and Thursday from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Wednesday and Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. –
This uplifting , inspirational and educational exhibition consists of more than 200 unusual and masterfully crafted kites collected in Asia .
It takes place at the Visual Arts Center of Northwest Florida .
Cost is $ 8 for adults ; seniors and children are $ 4 .
Spinnaker Beach Club Family Fun Day – Every Saturday and Sunday afternoons through Labor Day – Spinnaker Beach Club hosts a free beach party & sunset celebration complete with volleyball , jet skiing , DJ BeachHouse performing , parasailing , paddleboards , skim boards and banana boat rides .
Bonfire Sessions & Sunset Concert Series – Taking place Thursdays ( July 8 , August 12 and September 9 ) from 5 pm. – 10 p.m. at Spinnaker Beach Club – Guests can enjoy live music , sunset beach party and bonfire .
So , if you ’re looking for something fun to do while you are on the beach , come on down , enjoy Panama City Beach and our SUMMER OF FUN .
Matt and I have been building Arduino gadgets with shields for the past year or so .
What I really like about the Arduino is that it has a standard pin header layout , which literally made DIY modular gadgets a snap :
Looking at the BeagleBoard , however , it 's not as obvious how to snap it all together .
So I figured I would do a quick walkthrough of how to put together a DIY BeagleBoard gadget .
Step 1 : Gather modules for the Beagle Gadget
One of the setups most folks used was a portable handheld display .
It was a TouchShield Slide touchscreen on an Arduino Duemilanove , powered by a Lithium Backpack battery .
Then it was just a matter of uploading different apps , menus , or pictures to the device .
To make something similar for the BeagleBoard , I grabbed my BeagleTouch display , BeagleBoard , and BeagleJuice battery pack , and my pre-formatted Liquidware BeagleBoard Linux boot SD card .
Step 2 : Solder on pin headers to the BeagleBoard
The BeagleBoard has quite a few expansion headers - much like the Arduino .
But unlike the Arduino , the standard BeagleBoard comes with the headers unpopulated , and most people just put on the headers that they 'll need or think they 'll be using .
The BeagleTouch comes with a few extra headers that go onto the BeagleBoard , which I 've soldered on like this :
Step 3 : Mount the BeagleBoard on the BeagleJuice battery
Since the BeagleJuice only needs to plug into the BeagleBoard 's power jack , I 'm securing it to the backside of the BeagleBoard .
Like with the Arduino's Lithium Backpack , I 'm using some plastic screws and standoffs that came with the BeagleJuice .
Step 4 : Snap the BeagleTouch on the BeagleBoard and BeagleJuice
Now that I 've added the expansion pin headers to the BeagleBoard , the BeagleTouch can snap right on .
The back of the BeagleTouch also has female headers that connect to the BeagleBoard 's serial pins , so I can talk to the entire setup over USB from my Linux laptop .
Step 5 : Power up and boot !
I 've plugged in the BeagleJuice battery to the power jack , and I put the boot SD card into the BeagleBoard .
It 's all ready to go , so now I just switch the power on , and Liquidware Beagle Linux boots up !
I 've put everything I used in this tutorial over at the Liquidware shop , under Beagle Embedded Starter Kit .
And here 's a video demo of the Beagle gadget that Matt and I put together :
Kate Lundy for IT : The Change We Really Need
So the federal government # spill is done and we have our first female PM in Julia Gillard .
Wow .
Kevin Rudd , we hardly knew you .
If this is to change what matters to people like us , we want to see Conroy follow Rudd to a seat up the back [ UPDATE : or move him up to Finance now Tanner is leaving … - ed ] .
Give the Broadband , Communications , and Digital Economy portfolio to someone who really understands how important and exciting the future of the BCDE portfolio really is .
We want the job to go to Senator Kate Lundy — unquestionably the best person for the job .
So today we start a Gizmodo campaign to encourage our new Prime Minister to choose the BEST person for the job .
Sure , politics does n’t always work that way .
Look at the history of tech ministers …
But today we have a chance to change the terrible course Conroy has put us on .
Let ’s say ‘ No More Conroy !
We Want Lundy !’
We know politics is all about back room deals and promises , but keeping Senator Conroy on board as your BCDE minister would be a mistake .
Aside from trying to force a puritanical Internet filter down our throats , he has repeatedly embarrassed the Labor party in the eyes of the tech - savvy by making shit up to help his arguments about how scary technology and the Internet can be if we do n’t apply greater measures of control .
Statements like iiNet supporting the proposed filter , that Google hoovered up banking details with their streetview cars .
Statements of a man who does n’t truly understand what he ’s talking about , or worse , understands but flagrantly denies the truth to run with an agenda .
He has lost all respect in the technology community , regularly acting like a petulant child when someone who does understand the space criticises his actions .
Then there ’s the whole spams and scams thing .
Even after a few weeks , we have n’t worked out what the hell the portal is .
Do n’t be too tempted to show government stability by keeping the frontbench as is .
BCDE is a portfolio that is hurting the government ’s respect amongst the netizens of our Australian community .
But you know who does have a lot of respect with the tech community ?
Senator Kate Lundy .
We ’ll be exploring why in coming days , and we hope you ’ll take note .
If it ’s time for a change in Labor , there ’s no better change than replacing Conroy with a forward thinking minister for BCDE like Senator Lundy .
><
DamienHR / flickr
This is the first in a series of posts about appreciating classical music .
Follow up on the next two parts of the series here and here .
Even if you have eclectic tastes , if you 're under 30 , chances are good you listen to little or no classical music .
This is n't an admonition ; it 's a fact , and one you 've probably heard before in an admonishing tone .
For decades , classical music has been in lugubrious decline .
This trend has become a grave concern for people whose livelihoods are built on the music .
Later this month , the League of American Orchestras is convening a conference to kick - start an " Orchestra R/ Evolution . "
Whatever innovations they devise , it 's likely that , barring some unforeseen revival of interest , this decline will continue .
That 's where this essay comes in .
Though I belong to that generation putatively responsible for the decline , I enjoy 300 - year - old fugues .
I was weaned on Outkast and the Kinks .
And , weirdly enough , Prokofiev and the Pixies .
I feel lucky to know the big secret : there 's no trick .
It 's just music .
It shreds , yearns , mourns , trills , rages , and smiles .
The music is spine - tingling , angry , delicate , vulgar , snobby , bumptious , and transcendental .
Anyone who loves music should feel comfortable pulling Messiaen into their mixes .
Pictured :
The incredible deep - sea fish discovered under the Great Barrier Reef
A deep - sea anglerfish with its razor - sharp teeth
You would n't want to bump into any of these fish while snorkelling on holiday .
But these amazing pictures of creatures of the deep sea have been captured by scientists working at record low underwater levels underneath the Great Barrier Reef .
Experts from the University of Queensland 's brain institute in Australia used high - tech cameras to glimpse at life almost 1,500 metres under the sea .
Marine biologist Justin Marshall , who led the team , said prehistoric six - gilled sharks , giant oil fish and swarms of crustaceans were among the species captured on camera .
But they also filmed and took photos of many unidentified fish at the site of Osprey Reef , 220 miles North - East of Cairns , in Australia .
Professor Marshall said : ' Osprey Reef is one of the many reefs in the Coral Sea Conservation Zone , which has been identified as an area of high conservation importance .
' Therefore it is paramount that we identify the ecosystems and species inhabiting the area . '
He added : ' As well as understanding life at the surface , we need to plunge off the walls of Osprey to describe the deep - sea life that lives down to 2,000 metres , beyond the reach of sunlight .
' We simply do not know what life is down there and our cameras can now record the behaviour and life in Australia 's largest biosphere , the deep - sea . '
The team of scientists captured the sea creatures using special low - light sensitive , custom designed remote controlled cameras , which sat on the sea floor .
They spent 10 days filming in the deep - sea last month and say the findings could be useful for researchers working in other scientific fields .
Professor Marshall said : ' Learning more about these creatures ' primitive eyes and brain could help neuroscientists better understand human vision .
A deep - sea anglerfish in Cairns , Australia discovered more than a kilometre beneath the surface
' We could also design better cameras and illumination systems because , as we 've seen , nature often gets there first . '
The scientists working on the Deep Australia project also collected amazing footage of the Nautilus - a relative of squid or octopus - that still lives in a shell as they have done for millions of years .
Researchers measured the ' living fossils ' to find out more about their biology before returning them to the sea .
Professor Marshall said most of our knowledge on how nerve cells function and communicate was first pioneered through work on squid giant nerve cells .
He said : ' We are now returning to these original model systems , both for their own intrinsic interest and also to better understand brain disorders which lead to conditions such as epilepsy . '
All the sea creatures live in a dark world where the pressure is 140 times greater than on land , but are well adapted to their environment .
A deep sea jellyfish Atolla and a deep sea amphipod Phronima were among the strange creatures discovered in the depths
Professor Marshall said : ' They are slow moving , efficient swimmers because they exist in a world where food is sparse and they need to conserve energy .
' Some of these animals that live in the deep ocean only feed once or twice a year .
It 's not like you 've got salmon rushing about or tuna flying past at high speed . '
Many species had also evolved to produce their own light because sunlight fails to penetrate more than 800 metres beneath the sea surface .
They produce light similar to a firefly and use it as a defence mechanism , to communicate and to see .
Professor Marshall said it would be years before scientists would be able to say if any of the creatures captured on film were new species .
He said : ' There will certainly be animals there that we did n't know were there , but whether there will be any new species for science , I 'm not sure yet .
' But it is very often the case with these kinds of expeditions that you do find new life . '
A trip to South America is now being planned where the team will film and capture deep - sea species 2,000 metres below sea level .
One creature they hope to encounter is the Giant Squid , which has one of the world 's largest nerve cells .
How come HIV rates among young gays are staying stagnant — and not declining ?
Because this generation of tweeters and Uniqlones did n’t know what it was like to see all their friends die during the AIDS crisis , and they have n’t brushed up on their history .
Taking her state as a case study , Boston Globe columnist Yvonne Abraham writes , “ Since 2000 , we ’ve managed to halve the number of new HIV infections in Massachusetts , from 1,200 a year to under 600 .
But while infection rates have been slashed in other high - risk groups — injection drug users , for example — they have n’t budged among men who have sex with men , according to state figures .
For eight years , new infections have been stuck in the mid-300s in the state ’s gay community .
That ’s one every day . ”
How come ?
It ’s partly lousy sex education , and public health policy that ’s still unaccountably squeamish about condoms .
It ’s partly that younger gay men did n’t see the most horrific stage of the epidemic , when legions died awful , visible deaths that scared others into better protecting themselves .
And treatments over the last 15 years have made HIV seem more like a chronic disease than a deadly one .
It ’s also harder to reach gay men with prevention messages now that many socialize online rather than in the bars where condoms and counseling were plentiful .
So here ’s a suggestion .
Stop handing out gay cards to the boys until they ’ve read Larry Kramer ‘s Reports from the Holocaust .
Or even let them cheat , and hook them up with a DVD copy of AIDS In America : The Crisis Continues .
Crystal meth was a cute excuse , circa never .
And if scare tactics actually work — at least so far as seeing your friends and lovers and siblings deteriorate and convulse and vomit and shrivel and die is a scare tactic — then how about we quit it with these cutesy ads that make safe sex into a cartoon we laugh at but do n’t always attempt ?
The International Criminal CourtÃ‚Â added three genocide counts Monday to the charges against Sudan ’s President Omar al - Beshir in a move hailed as “ a victory ” by rebels .
“ There are reasonable grounds to believe that ( Omar al - Beshir ) acted with specific intent to destroy in part the Fur , Masalit and Zaghawaethnic groups ” inÃ‚Â Darfur , said a new warrant issued Monday — the court ’s first for genocide .
ADVERTISEMENT
TheÃ‚Â Justice and Equality MovementÃ‚Â rebel group called the development “ a victory for the people of Darfur and the entire humanity . ”
“ It will give hope to the people of Darfur that Ã‚Â justiceÃ‚Â will be made , ” spokesman Ahmad Hussein told AFP .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moonÃ‚Â was “ deeply concerned by the nature of charges against president Beshir ” , spokesman Farhan Haq told a press briefing in New York .
Ban urged the Khartoum government “ to provide its full support to the work of the ICC and address issues of justice and reconciliation , ” he said .
In March last year , the ICC issued a warrant for Beshir ’s arrest on charges ofÃ‚Â war crimesÃ‚Â and Ã‚Â crimes against humanity , its first ever for a sittingÃ‚Â head of state .
ADVERTISEMENT
But that warrant did not include three genocide charges as requested by prosecutorÃ‚Â Luis Moreno - Ocampo , who appealed the court ’s decision .
In February , the ICC appeals chamber ordered judges to rethink their decision to omit genocide , saying they had made an “ error in law ” by setting theÃ‚Â burden of proofÃ ‚Â too high .
In Monday ’s decision , the court said there were reasonable grounds to believe that villages and towns “ were selected on the basis of their ethnic composition ” for attack by Sudanese government forces .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Towns and villages inhabited by other tribes , as well as rebel locations , were bypassed in order to attack towns and villages known to be inhabited by civilians belonging to the Fur , Masalit and ZaghawaÃ‚Â ethnic groups . ”
It also appeared likely that “ acts of rape , torture and forcible displacement were committed against members of the targeted ethnic groups , ” said the court .
ADVERTISEMENT
The prosecutor had presented evidence of government forces contaminating the wells and water pumps of villages inhabited by these groups , who were also subject to forcible transfer “ in furtherance of the genocidal policy , ” said the court .
“ One of the reasonable conclusions that can be drawn is that … the conditions of life inflicted on the Fur , Masalit and Zaghawa groups were calculated to bring about the physical destruction of a part of those ethnic groups , ” it added
As president and commander - in - chief , Beshir likely “ played an essential role in coordinating ” a common plan to this end , said the judgment .
ADVERTISEMENT
The court ordered its registry to send a request for cooperation to the government of Sudan , all signatories to the court ’s founding Rome Statute and allÃ‚Â UN Security Council membersÃ‚Â who had not signed , “ seeking the arrest and surrender ” of Beshir on both warrants .
ProsecutorÃ‚Â Luis Moreno - OcampoÃ‚Â accuses Beshir of personally instructing his forces to annihilate the Fur , Masalit and Zaghawa .
The United Nations says up to 300,000 people have died since conflict broke out inÃ‚Â DarfurÃ‚Â in 2003 , when ethnic minority rebels took up arms against the Arab - dominated regime for a greater share of resources and power .
Sudan ’s government says 10,000 have been killed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Beshir rejects the jurisdiction of the ICC , the world ’s only independent , permanent court with authority to try genocide , Ã‚Â crimes against humanityÃ‚Â and Ã‚Â war crimes , and has refused to hand over two key allies wanted for crimes in Darfur .
Moreno - Ocampo will respond to the latest ruling at a press conference in Paris on Wednesday , his office said .
David Cameron describes blockaded Gaza as a ' prison ' Published duration 27 July 2010
image caption David Cameron ( left ) spoke bluntly during his trip to Turkey
UK Prime Minister David Cameron has condemned the blockade of the Gaza Strip , describing the territory as a " prison camp " .
He also criticised Israel for launching an attack on a convoy transporting Turkish activists and aid to Gaza .
Nine Turkish citizens died in the raid .
He was speaking to an audience of businessmen during a visit to Ankara .
The Israeli embassy in London said Gazans were prisoners of Palestinian militant Islamist group Hamas .
Israel and Egypt enforce a blockade on Gaza which restricts goods and people from coming in or out freely .
" Gaza cannot and must not be allowed to remain a prison camp , " Mr Cameron said .
" People in Gaza are living under constant attacks and pressure in an open - air prison , " he said .
' Piracy '
In May , Israeli commandoes stormed the Mavi Marmara and in fighting that followed , nine Turkish activists were killed and four soldiers wounded .
During a press conference held with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Mr Erdogan called the Israeli raid an act of " piracy " .
" Israel must apologise as soon as possible , pay compensation and lift the blockade , " he said .
The British government 's policy has been to call for an end to the blockade , but never before has a British prime minister been so blunt , says the BBC's Jonny Dymond in Ankara .
A spokesman for the Israeli embassy in London said Hamas , which won Palestinian parliamentary elections in 2006 , was responsible for the situation in Gaza .
" The people of Gaza are the prisoners of the terrorist organisation Hamas .
The situation in Gaza is the direct result of Hamas ' rule and priorities , " the spokesman said .
http://sphinxcontrib-issuetracker.readthedocs.org/
A Sphinx extension to reference issues in issue trackers , either explicitly with an “ issue ” role or optionally implicitly by issue ids like # 10 in plaintext .
Currently the following issue trackers are supported :
A simple API is provided to add support for other issue trackers .
If you added support for a new tracker , please consider sending a patch to make your work available to other users of this extension .
Installation
This extension can be installed from the Python Package Index : pip install sphinxcontrib - issuetracker
This extension requires Sphinx 1.1 and Pythonn 2.6 or Python 3.1 .
Usage Just add this extension to extensions and configure your issue tracker : extensions = [ ' sphinxcontrib.issuetracker ' ] issuetracker = ' github ' issuetracker_project = ' lunaryorn/sphinxcontrib-issuetracker '
Now issue references like # 10 are replaced with links to the issue tracker of this extension , unless the reference occurs in literal text like inline literals or code blocks .
You can disable this magic behaviour by setting issuetracker_plaintext_issues to False : issuetracker_plaintext_issues = False Now textual references are no longer replaced .
However , you can still explicitly reference issues with the issue role .
For more details refer to the documentation .
In the Spring of 1820 at the age of 14 , Joseph claimed to have had a " vision " of God the Father and Jesus Christ .
However , take a look at what Joseph and several of the early leaders of the Church ( and even Joseph 's Mother and one of his brothers ) had to say about the " first vision " ( emphasis in bold is mine ) .
Brigham Young - " The Lord did not come with the armies of heaven ... but He did send his angel to this same obscure person , Joseph Smith jun. , who afterwards became a Prophet , Seer , and Revelator , and informed him that he should not join any of the religious sects of the day , for they were all wrong " Journal of Discourses , vol. 2 , p. 171 ( 1855 )
Wilford Woodruff - " The same organization and Gospel that Christ died for ... is again established in this generation .
How did it come ?
By the ministering of an holy angel from God , out of heaven , who held converse with man , and revealed unto him the darkness that enveloped the world ...
He told him the Gospel was not among men , and that there was not a true organization of His kingdom in the world " Journal of Discourses , vol. 2 , p. 196 ( 1855 )
Orson Hyde -
" Some one may say , ' If this work of the last days be true , why did not the Saviour come himself to communicate this intelligence to the world ? '
Because to the angels was committed the power of reaping the earth , and it was committed to none else . "
Journal of Discourses , vol. 6 , p. 335 ( 1854 )
George A. Smith - " ...he [ Joseph Smith ] went humbly before the Lord and inquired of Him , and the Lord answered his prayer , and revealed to Joseph , by the ministration of angels , the true condition of the religious world .
When the holy angel appeared , Joseph inquired which of all these denominations was right and which he should join , and was told they were all wrong " Journal of Discourses , vol. 12 , p. 334 ( 1863 )
George A. Smith - " [ Joseph ] was enlightened by the vision of an holy angel .
When this personage appeared to him , one of the first inquiries was ' Which of the denominations of Christians in the vicinity was right ? ' " Journal of Discourses , vol. 13 , p. 78 ( 1869 )
John Taylor - " None of them was right , just as it was when the Prophet Joseph asked the angel which of the sects was right that he might join it .
The answer was that none of them are right . "
Journal of Discourses , vol. 20 , p. 167 ( 1879 )
George Q. Cannon -" But suppose that the statement that Joseph Smith says the angel made to him should be true - that there was no church upon the face of the earth whom God recognized as His , and whose acts
He acknowledged - suppose this were true ... "
Journal of Discourses , vol. 24 , pg. 135 ( 1889 )
William Smith -
" He accordingly went out into the woods and falling upon his knees called for a long time upon the Lord for wisdom and knowledge .
While engaged in prayer a light appeared in the heavens , and descended until it rested upon the trees where he was .
It appeared like fire .
But to his great astonishment , did not burn the trees .
An angel then appeared to him and conversed with him upon many things .
He told him that none of the sects were right ... "
William Smith On Mormonism , By William Smith , Joseph Smith 's brother .
pg. 5 ( 1883 )
" The angel again forbade Joseph to join any of these churches , and he promised that the true and everlasting Gospel should be revealed to him at some future time .
Joseph continues : ' Many other things did he ( the angel ) say unto me which I cannot write at this time ' " Church Historical Record , Vol. 7 , January , 1888 [ It should be noted here that in this quote the first reference to " the angel " was later changed to " the Holy Being " and the second reference to " the angel " was changed to " the Christ " ]
Joseph Smith , Nov. 1835 - " ... I received the first visitation of Angels when I was about 14 years old ... "
Personal writings of Joseph Smith , pg. 84 [ It should be noted that this entry has been changed in the History of the Church , Vol. 2 , pg. 312 .
It now reads " my first vision " instead of " visitation of Angels " ]
Brigham Young - "
Do we believe that the Lord sent his messengers to Joseph Smith , and commanded him to refrain from joining any Christian church , and to refrain from the wickedness he saw in the churches , and finally delivered to him a message informing him that the Lord was about to establish his kingdom on the earth ... "
Journal of Discourses , Vol. 18 , pg. 239
Is n't it odd that over 40 years after Joseph 's alleged " first vision " , Church leaders like Brigham Young and John Taylor were still unaware of Joseph Smith 's claim of seeing God the Father and Jesus Christ ?
That 's because Joseph's " first vision " was a consistently changing story that was virtually unknown to early Latter - day Saints .
Over the years Joseph 's story changed from an event in the year 1823 to 1821 to 1820 .
His motive for seeking God in prayer also changed significantly over the years .
From no motive ( a spirit appears with news of gold plates ) , to a desire to know if God exists , to a desire for forgiveness of sins , and finally , to a local religious revival .
Most importantly , even the heavenly visitor (s ) that he saw were constantly changing .
Depending on the account Joseph gave , it was either a spirit , an angel , two angels , many angels , Jesus , and finally , the Father and the Son .
LDS Church President Gordon B. Hinckley stood in General Conference and said " Our whole strength rests on the validity of that vision .
It either occurred or it did not occur .
If it did not , then this work is a fraud . "
( Gordon B. Hinckley , “ The Marvelous Foundation of Our Faith , ” Ensign , Nov. 2002 , pg.78 )
If this " First Vision " of Joseph Smith did occur , it certainly did n't happen the way the Church wants us to believe it did .
Have a look at the next page to see that Joseph's " first vision " was n't the only story that has changed over time .
This 30 - meter long submarine , used to smuggle huge amount of cocaine , was was seized in Ecuador yesterday .
Apparently , a drug trafficking outfit built it in the middle of the jungle .
From CNN :
The vessel utilized twin screws and was diesel electric - powered , the agency said .
It was about 30 meters ( 98 feet ) long and nearly 3 meters ( nine feet ) high from the deck plates to the ceiling .
It has a periscope and an air - conditioning system .
" Traffickers historically employed slow - moving fishing boats , sail boats , pleasure craft go - fasts , " said Jay Bergman , Andean regional director for the ( Drug Enforcement Agency ) .
" The advent of the narco - submarine presents new detection challenges for maritime interdiction forces .
The submarine 's nautical range , payload capacity and quantum leap in stealth have raised the stakes for the counter - drug forces and the national security community alike . "
Living in Taiwan for more than a decade , I 've been lucky to have a small handful of right - leaning email correspondents Stateside .
All through the Bush years they kept my inbox battered with Fwds showing what was on their minds .
And they 're still at it .
Recently there 's repeated reference to and articles about " Cloward - Piven . "
I finally responded to one Forwarder : " Hey , you do n't actually believe this nutty theory , do you ? "
I post the correspondence below .
Do n't know how I did in my response .
As you 'll see , I had to go out on a limb of sorts to make my point .
My challenge was not to argue for or against Obama 's policies , but simply to point out how and why the Cloward - Piven conspiracy theory is nonsense -- specifically , Obama 's moves so far do n't match what the theory would predict .
Sorry if this diary is deemed useless .
If , however , it raises the issue of how best to respond to the ever - growing paranoia of many Americans during these difficult years -- a paranoia that gives the Tea Party movement half of its steam -- it might have been worth posting .
Dear Eric ,
Regarding the articles I sent you on the Cloward - Piven Strategy , I honestly believe it's what Big B.O. is following .
The main reason I believe it is because his decisions defy all common sense if they are to serve the welfare of this country .
The amnesty for illegals is enough to prove that .
He wants to bring in 11 million illegal aliens .
Why would anyone want such a travesty for this country .
We can't even take care of our own people as is .
His ridiculous bailouts .
They in no way helped our citizens .
They merely served to bolster big government and help to bankrupt this country .
His refusal to allow the clean - up of the oil spill when even other countries were lined up offering help .
Who could do that if they loved their country ?
Refusing to allow this has caused our economy to suffer .
Businesses are closing because of this and he is therefore handicapping our country .
His insane healthcare bill that gives the government unbelievable control and handicaps those who have worked hard for their futures .
This also makes the dependent more dependent and weighs down people like me who can hardly afford their own healthcare .
His work to help form Acorn , a foundation created by this Cloward - Piven group .
He strongly advocates all groups like this ...
Seiu etc .
Yes , I want you to type what you call reasons that this Clo - Piv Strategy can't be true , because I do not believe it is n't so .
I could go on and on , but I do n't have time to gather my thoughts and type more now .
All of my above examples line up with the strategy he studied under this group at college .
To me , when any president makes decisions that make absolutely no sense toward the bettering of our country and actually go counter to all logic , there is something amiss .
Best ,
T-----
* * *
Dear T-----:
Truth to tell , I 'm not sure there 's much use writing in response to your belief that this " Cloward - Piven Strategy " is determining Obama 's policies .
There are things you list in your letter in support of the theory that make no sense at all .
So how am I to argue against them ?
But it 's true : in key places , there 's no logic in your argument .
I 'll just take one and leave it at that : bailouts .
According to the media goofs promoting it , the Cloward - Piven Strategy is an overarching step - by - step scheme to undermine capitalism and replace it with authoritarian socialism .
The scheme is to create intentional crises that lead to unsustainable financial burdens on government , then making larger government necessary : for example crises that will force the government to nationalize banks or major industries , or , for another example , the creation of huge numbers of wards of the state dependent on welfare who can then be counted on to support the new ( and growing ) leftist power as their lunch ticket .
Okay -- that 's the theory .
How would you judge Obama 's performance so far -- in terms of his doing what the theory says he should ?
When Obama took office , the U.S. was in the middle of its most serious financial meltdown since the Great Depression .
Most major U.S. banks were literally on the very edge of going bankrupt .
Obama 's policy was to push for huge bailouts -- government money to temporarily back the banks so they would n't disappear .
Did the policy work ?
Did the banks go under ?
So far they have n't .
Did Obama push to take over any of these banks by nationalizing them ( which is what a communist or socialist would have done ) ?
No , he did n't .
Wall Street is still a nest of privately run companies .
In fact , if he is trying to follow the " Cloward - Piven Strategy , " Obama has made serious errors .
If I were a Cloward - Piven radical in Obama 's shoes , what would I have done upon entering office ?
Follow me closely :
I 'd have come out very strongly insisting the financial crisis was NOT the fault of hardworking Americans -- it was the fault of Wall Street fat cats .
I 'd have stressed the corruption and outrageous financial games Wall Street had started playing during the years of deregulation .
I 'd have said to America , " You pay your bills , you work hard and balance your monthly budget , I am not going to allow your tax dollars to be thrown in the gutter of these corrupt Wall Street corporations .
The CEOs that have not been too crooked -- their companies will survive .
Others may not . "
In short , hardworking Americans were not going to have to bail out Wall Street .
( Note that speeches like this would have been wildly popular across a huge swathe of the population : the hatred of Wall Street CEOs was at a fever pitch . )
I would have promised the average American faced with losing their job or their home a swift series of government programs to help them get through the tough times .
In short , this is where the tax dollars would be slated to go .
I would thus have let the major banks suffer the mess they 'd gotten into , with the result that many of them would have gone under .
Of course allowing so many financial institutions to go under would have had catastrophic consequences for American business as usual .
As a " Cloward - Piven radical , " however , I 'd have foreseen that and wanted it that way .
With no credit available and no major banks to count on , many American companies would have gone bankrupt by now .
And as they go bankrupt , they lay off millions of people .
Heh heh heh !
Now we 're talkin' !
As president I step in and start bailing out some of these major companies ( as I intentionally DIDN'T bail out Wall Street ) , putting my flunkies on their boards of directors .
Doing this , I am the savior of hundreds of thousands of jobs .
In my speeches I start dropping remarks about the " dangers of unfettered capitalism " and how the market sometimes " needs to be counterbalanced " with " policies that protect the common citizen . "
Americans , suffering massive unemployment , accept this kind of talk .
But in fact my corporate bailouts only cover part of the economy .
There are still millions of workers unemployed because their employers went bust along with the banks .
These workers I now offer welfare , thus , as the Cloward - Piven theory predicts , tying them to the Democratic Party , which party , thanks to the banking crisis I did n't try to prevent , is more and more a truly socialist party .
Game over .
I 've taken a crisis that started during the previous administration and , playing the populist card against Wall Street , managed to watch American capitalism sink while I sat by playing the hero because I stood always with the " little guy " and the " suffering taxpayer . "
Watching capitalism sink under the weight of its own financial shenanigans , I further used the crisis to create a handful of semi-nationalized industries ( auto , airlines , food producers , etc. ) while creating at the same time millions of wards of the state who will need to count on me for the coming years for sustenance .
Something like this ( 1 - 8 ) is what the " Cloward - Piven Strategy " predicts Obama should do .
But of course he did n't .
Instead he bailed out Wall Street , because if Wall Street had gone under , the whole capitalist fleet would have soon floundered in its wake .
Not only that : he made zero moves to nationalize any of Wall Street .
The only things his team is pushing for in relation to the bankers are 1 ) stricter regulations , and 2 ) that Wall Street slowly pay back the money that bailed it out .
You think the bailouts did nothing to help the average American ?
The bailouts were a messy business , but really , it 's obvious you do n't comprehend what a seriously REVOLUTIONARY opportunity would have occurred if Obama had n't pushed for the bailouts .
What 's more , if the bailouts were part of the Cloward - Piven Strategy , then Bush must have been in on Cloward - Piven too , because his government had started bailing out Wall Street before Obama took office .
So there 's no logic in this " Cloward - Piven " theory .
If Obama is out to nationalize companies , why is he doing such a lousy job of it ?
If he is out to create huge welfare packages for the unemployed , why , in fact , has he not done so ?
His policies seem aimed at saving the biggest fish first , so that the economy stays stable in a generally CAPITALIST mode .
He did n't have to play it this way .
He could have followed something like the game plan I lay out above .
I 'm not sure if you even know it , but many on the Left are criticizing Obama for what they see as his far too moderate policies .
They 're angry his administration favors legislation that more or less keeps the capitalist system as is .
For them , Obama has n't been a socialist , but a milquetoast centrist .
Meanwhile the Tea Party is screaming that we have Mao Zedong in the White House .
But I 'm already writing far more than I intended .
And all this is just to address ONE item on your list of supposed arguments this Cloward - Piven theory is correct .
But I should tell you , in conclusion , the real reason it 's impossible Obama is employing a Cloward - Piven Strategy .
The real reason is as follows :
The Cloward - Piven Strategy , as a plan for political action , did n't really exist until a right - wing writer named David Horowitz coined the term a few years ago .
It simply did n't exist .
If there had really been a Cloward - Piven Strategy , you can be sure it would have been debated and discussed in left - wing journals and among activists -- in other words , there would be evidence for this strategy in print .
But Cloward and Piven only wrote ONE relevant article in The Nation in 1966 -- where they considered what would happen if all the eligible welfare recipients in New York were actually registered as such .
The contents of their article were not elevated to a " Cloward - Piven Strategy " by Cloward or Piven or by the Left .
But someone who worked with someone who worked with Cloward and Piven (! ) , Wade Rathke is his name , eventually founded ACORN .
This is how the right - wing writer Horowitz who created the Cloward - Piven Strategy manages to link it to Obama .
In fact the link between ACORN and the two academics is probably the ONLY reason we are now discussing a supposed " Cloward - Piven Strategy . "
Because Horowitz was probably working backwards , researching ACORN in order to dig up dirt on Obama .
And so he goes from ACORN to an article written when Obama was , what , five years old ?
And he takes this one article and makes it into a supposed Master Plan of the Left when in fact the Left itself has never even heard of it as a master plan !
But you know what ?
As I said in my first letter , I gotta hand it to these right - wing cranks for creating and embellishing this particular conspiracy theory .
Why ?
Because the " Cloward - Piven Strategy " looks somewhat feasible on its dumb surface .
To be specific : it looks feasible as a simplistic media - friendly theory of how radical leftists might try to break a capitalist system .
In reality such a strategy would probably backfire .
But reality does n't matter here , does it ?
To sum up : 1 ) If " Cloward - Piven " is really the basis of Obama 's policy , he 's doing a lousy job of it ( just see what he could have accomplished had he skipped the bailouts and followed my 8 steps above ! ) .
2 ) If " Cloward - Piven " is an established leftist game plan , how is it that since 1966 nobody has written about it as such in the tens of thousands of pages of left - wing and Marxist political theorizing that have been published ?
Now you need n't write back that Obama is a lousy president or that his healthcare reform is misguided or whatnot .
Note that I AM NOT arguing here for whether or not Obama 's policies are good .
I 'm only arguing as to the likelihood he 's following this supposed " Cloward - Piven Strategy . "
So if you want to write in response , stay on subject .
Best ,
Eric
" Patrick Verner announced a few minutes ago ( July 12th ) the immediate availability of the new and major version of his popular Parted Magic operating system .
Parted Magic 5.0 comes now with Linux kernel 2.6.34.1 , GParted 0.6.1 , Xorg Server 1.7.7 , support for the French , German , Norwegian , Italian , Russian and Brazilian languages , a few updated packages , as well as some bug fixes and improvements .
Parted Magic is an operating system created to help users easily partition their hard drives or perform various recovery tasks . "
Image caption North Korea has faced food shortages for years
North Korea is failing to provide the most basic healthcare needs for its people , Amnesty International warns .
An investigation by the human rights watchdog found barely functioning hospitals , poor hygiene and epidemics made worse by widespread malnutrition .
Many people were also too poor to pay for treatment , the report citing North Koreans and health workers said .
Pyongyang spends less than $ 1 ( £ 0.65 ) per person on healthcare a year , World Health Organization figures show .
Amnesty 's report , The Crumbling State of Health Care in North Korea , is based on interviews with more than 40 North Koreans , who left the country between 2004 and 2009 .
Health professionals who work with North Koreans were also consulted .
Starvation
Pyongyang says it provides free healthcare for its people , but witnesses told Amnesty they had had to pay for all services for the past 20 years .
One 20 - year - old woman from North Hamgyeong province said : " People do n't bother going to the hospital if they do n't have money because everyone knows that you have to pay .
" If you do n't have money you die , " said the woman , who left North Korea in 2008 .
Another man said that hospitals had no medicine and that if someone needed treatment , they had to go to the market and buy the drugs needed for doctors to administer .
Poor hygiene at medical facilities and a dire lack of medicines were threatening the lives of many , Amnesty warned , with people routinely trading cigarettes , food and alcohol for treatment .
It is crucial that aid to North Korea is not used as a political football by donor countries Catherine Baber , Deputy director , Amnesty Asia - Pacific
A 56 - year - old woman told Amnesty that her appendix was removed without anaesthetic .
" The operation took about an hour and 10 minutes .
I was screaming so much from the pain - I thought I was going to die .
" They had tied my hands and legs to prevent me from moving . "
North Korea faces critical food shortages following famine in the 1990s which killed up to one million people and relies on international aid .
A botched currency re-evaluation in 2009 almost doubled the price of rice overnight , and one non-governmental organisation cited in the report said thousands of people starved to death in January and February this year in one province alone .
Amnesty reports that North Korea is still battling a tuberculosis epidemic , which is being aggravated by widespread malnutrition .
" The North Korean people are in critical need of medical and food aid , " said Amnesty 's deputy director for Asia - Pacific , Catherine Baber .
" It is crucial that aid to North Korea is not used as a political football by donor countries . "
Politically the North finds itself isolated - it has withdrawn from international talks over its controversial nuclear programme .
UN sanctions were tightened last year after Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile tests .
North Korea has also suspended all ties with Seoul in the wake of the attack on a South Korean warship in March that left 46 sailors dead .
International investigators say a North Korean torpedo sank the ship , but Pyongyang has rejected this .
Back from Finland & New Plasmoid in Playground July 14 , 2010
Posted by tumaix in planetkde - tomazcanabrava
I ’m back after spending lovely 10 days at finland , eating salmiakki and other local goodies .
I did n’t felt quite ease at akademy for one reason : I was n’t programming for KDE as I liked to , because of some real life issues like a non – related KDE job .
So , the first thing that I did when I came back ?
a small plasmoid just to get my dirty hands on kde – coding again .
it ’s a Time Tracking plasmoid named TaimeTraquer , based on the Gtk application gtimelog , it does n’t have all functionalities yet , but the code is in playground / base / plasma / applets / taimetraquer , for anyone that wants to play with it and improve .
- 12.883537 -38.307217
A menacing convoy of bulldozers was heading back to Be'er Sheva as I drove towards al - Arakib , a Bedouin village located not more than 10 minutes from the city .
Once I entered the dirt road leading to the village I saw scores of vans with heavily armed policemen getting ready to leave .
Their mission , it seems , had been accomplished .
The signs of destruction were immediately evident .
I first noticed the chickens and geese running loose near a bulldozed house , and then saw another house and then another one , all of them in rubble .
A few children were trying to find a shaded spot to hide from the scorching desert sun , while behind them a stream of black smoke rose from the burning hay .
The sheep , goats and the cattle were nowhere to be seen – perhaps because the police had confiscated them .
Scores of Bedouin men were standing on a yellow hill , sharing their experiences from the early morning hours , while all around them uprooted olive trees lay on the ground .
A whole village comprising between 40 and 45 houses had been completely razed in less than three hours .
I suddenly experienced deja vu : an image of myself walking in the rubbles of a destroyed village somewhere on the outskirts of the Lebanese city of Sidon emerged .
It was over 25 years ago , during my service in the Israeli paratroopers .
But in Lebanon the residents had all fled long before my platoon came , and we simply walked in the debris .
There was something surreal about the experience , which prevented me from fully understanding its significance for several years .
At the time , it felt like I was walking on the moon .
This time the impact of the destruction sank in immediately .
Perhaps because the 300 people who resided in al - Arakib , including their children , were sitting in the rubble when I arrived , and their anguish was evident ; or perhaps because the village is located only 10 minutes from my home in Be'er Sheva and I drive past it every time I go to Tel Aviv or Jerusalem ; or perhaps because the Bedouins are Israeli citizens , and I suddenly understood how far the state is ready to go to accomplish its objective of Judaising the Negev region ; what I witnessed was , after all , an act of ethnic cleansing .
They say the next intifada will be the Bedouin intifada .
There are 155,000 Bedouins in the Negev , and more than half of them live in unrecognised villages without electricity or running water .
I do not know what they might do , but by making 300 people homeless , 200 of them children , Israel is surely sowing dragon 's teeth for the future .
• Comments on this article are set to remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
STOCKHOLM ( AP ) 
Now that 's some vintage bubbly .
Divers have discovered what is thought to be the world 's oldest drinkable champagne in a shipwreck in the Baltic Sea , one of the finders said Saturday .
They tasted the one bottle they 've brought up so far before they even got back to shore .
Diving instructor Christian Ekstrom said the bottles are believed to be from the 1780s and likely were part of a cargo destined for Russia .
The nationality of the sunken ship has not yet been determined .
" We brought up the bottle to be able to establish how old the wreck was , " he told The Associated Press .
" We did n't know it would be champagne .
We thought it was wine or something . "
Ekstrom said the divers were overjoyed when they popped the cork on their boat after hauling the bubbly from a depth of 200 feet .
" It tasted fantastic .
It was a very sweet champagne , with a tobacco taste and oak , " Ekstrom said .
The divers discovered the shipwreck Tuesday near the Aland Islands , between Sweden and Finland .
About 30 bottles are believed to be aboard the sunken vessel .
Ekstrom said he is confident of the champagne 's age and authenticity , but samples have been sent to laboratories in France for testing .
" We 're 98 percent sure already because of the bottle ( we found ) , " he said .
Swedish wine expert Carl - Jan Granqvist said each bottle could fetch $ 68,000 if the corks are intact and the sparkling drink is genuine and drinkable .
" If this is true , it is totally unique , " said Granqvist , one of the experts contacted by Ekstrom and his team .
" I do n't know of any other ( drinkable ) bottle this old .
I 've never even heard of it . "
Granqvist said he had seen pictures of the bottle , and it had languished in near - perfect storage conditions — in the dark at a constant cold temperature .
" If it 's the right atmosphere outside , and inside the bottle the cork is kept dry in the middle ; it keeps itself , " he said .
According to French champagne house Perrier - Jouet , a subsidiary of Pernod Ricard , their vintage from 1825 is the oldest recorded champagne still in existence .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Skelton Dares Obama to Veto Defense Bill With ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell , ’ Second F - 35 Engine
Created : June 08 , 2010 14:19 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
As I wrote last month , the House ’s version of the defense bill has a provision that could jeopardize a hard - won effort to repeal the military ’s ban on open gay service : a second engine for the F - 35 fighter jet .
Obama has publicly threatened to veto the bill because of the engine , a bête noire for his defense secretary , Robert Gates .
But Rep. Ike Skelton ( D - Mo. ) , the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee who opposed the provision in the bill to repeal “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” and supports the engine , basically laughed off the veto threat today .
Here ’s what Skelton told The Cable ’s Josh Rogin :
He also linked the repeal of “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” to the administration ’s fight to end development of a second engine model for the F - 35 fighter plane .
Obama and Gates have promised to veto Skelton ’s defense policy bill if Congress insists on adding more than $ 400 million for the engine , which the military says it does n’t need .
If Obama wants to repeal the law , he wo n’t want to follow through on his very clear threat to veto the bill over the fighter engine , Skelton suggested .
“ It ’s rather interesting , because there ’s an item in the bill called ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ’ that the president thinks keenly strong about .
Now will he veto a bill that has that in it ? , ” Skelton wondered aloud .
“ I ’m sure that goes through the creases of his mind . ”
Now , the Senate version of the bill does n’t contain funding for the second engine of the plane .
So the magic of the House - Senate conference could bring the bill to Obama ’s desk without anything veto - provoking within it .
But that does n’t answer the political calculation that Skelton is raising .
If the bill comes to Obama ’s desk with the engine money in it , what ’s the priority ?
Keeping a promise to the gay community or keeping a promise to his defense secretary ?
Meanwhile , here ’s Rogin ’s account of just why exactly Skelton opposed placing a repeal of “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” in the defense bill .
Was it to preserve Secretary Gates ’ timetable for receiving the perspective of a Working Group he convened on how to repeal the ban before any legislative action , as many of the provision ’s opponents desired ?
Apparently not :
“ What do mommas and daddies say to a seven - year - old child about this issue ?
I do n’t know , ” Skelton said .
“ I think it would be a family issue that would concern me the most . …
What they might see in their discussions among the kids . ”
Uh , what ?
That sure sounds like bigotry .
Maybe those mommas and daddies could tell their seven - year - olds to be thankful that any American wishes to serve his or her country in uniform .
Editorial Medio Tiempo
Ordiales aseguró que a Ochoa sí le afectó no jugar el Mundial
El sueño que Guillermo Ochoa tenía de jugar el Mundial de Sudáfrica 2010 y convertirse en uno de los hombres que luciera con la camiseta del Tri se desdibujó tan pronto Javier Aguirre decidió que Óscar Pérez sería el encargado perfecto para la portería azteca .
Con la decisión del " Vasco " llegó la desilusión y la desesperanza , pues Ochoa necesitaba terminar de mostrarse para embelesar a equipos europeos y lograr una histórica contratación .
Milán le seguía los pasos de cerca , el equipo italiano sólo necesitaba una confirmación del talento del arquero mexicano ; pero ésta no llegó , Ochoa no jugó ni un solo minuto , la situación terminó por afectarle .
" Era la vitrinas más importante que tenía y ya había llamado la atención " “ Claro que le afectó , para él era la vitrinas más importante que tenía y ya había llamado la atención de un par de equipos importantes de Europa , y al no tener actividad es más difícil poder mostrarse para confirmar algo que ya habían visto , ya platicaremos con Memo , había hablado dos veces con él , estaba inquieto en el Mundial , tenia deseos de participar , pero es un profesional y sabe que vendrán las oportunidades ” , relató Jaime Ordiales , Director Deportivo del América con Estadio W. El directivo de las Águilas aceptó que Milán estaba interesado en el joven arquero , pero la situación no pudo concretarse tras la nula participación de Guillermo en Sudáfrica .
“ Creo que tendrá que seguir mostrándose para ganarse la oportunidad , esto da muchas vueltas y cuando menos se espera es cuando aparecen las oportunidades de salir , él tiene mucho tiempo siendo regular , un par de errores le causaron demasiado mella para ser considerado el titular de la selección , venía haciendo las cosas bien desde hace muchos torneos , es un portero muy confiable , pero las decisiones no las toma él , sino el técnico y al final de cuentas creo que a cualquier jugador por mayor fortaleza que tenga le afecta , un Mundial es la vitrina más importante , ya ir es importante , pero es como ir a la fiesta y no poder bailar ” , señaló Ordiales quien confía en la entereza de su guardameta para sobreponerse a la situación .
El directivo espera que Ochoa pronto pueda enfocar la mirada en nuevos objetivos , sobre todo porque el equipo americanista tiene la imperiosa necesidad de responder con títulos .
“ Creo que tenemos un equipo bastante competitivo , bastante fuerte , hemos cubierto todos los puestos con muy buenos jugadores , con experiencia , con juventud , tenemos una base de jóvenes , pero la base principal del cuadro titular es muy fuerte .
“ Este torneo es un compromiso mayor porque no hemos sido campeones en las anteriores , lo que hemos tratado es darle continuidad a lo que hemos venido haciendo ” , sentenció .
Remember , this is the party that 's attempted to brand 9/11 as an exclusively Republican thing .
Via Steve Benen :
House Republican leadership is advising its members to vote against a bipartisan bill that would , among other things , bolster medical support to Sept. 11 victims .
The James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act of 2009 , sponsored by New York City Rep. Carolyn Maloney ( D ) , provides medical monitoring to those exposed to toxins at Ground Zero , bolsters treatment at specialized centers for those afflicted by toxins on 9/11 and reopens a compensation fund to provide economic loss to New Yorkers .
And it 's all paid for by closing a tax loophole on foreign companies with U.S. subsidiaries , Democrats say .
One of the organizers of an Iranian aid flotilla that was to said to Gaza in efforts to break Israel 's naval blockade on the territory , announced Thursday that the event has been cancelled due to " Israeli threats . "
Open gallery view Iranian ship heading for Gaza from Bandar - Abbas .
A separate Iranian ship carrying 60 Iranian activists was being prepared to sail to Gaza , according to Army Radio .
This after the Lebanese media reported several days ago that Egypt has denied Israel 's request to prevent Iranian ships from passing through the Suez Canal toward Egypt .
Meanwhile Thursday , the U.S. State Department issued a statement calling the aid flotillas to Gaza irresponsible .
" Mechanisms exist for the transfer of humanitarian assistance to Gaza by member states and groups that want to do so , " the U.S. State Department said regarding Lebanese plans to ship aid to Gaza .
" Direct delivery by sea is neither appropriate nor responsible , and certainly not effective , under the circumstances . "
The Lebanese and Iranian efforts come after a tragic incident aboard a Turkish aid ship , part of an eight - ship Turkish flotilla , which was headed for Gaza on May 31 .
Israeli navy commandos , intent on preventing the ship from reaching Gaza 's shore , boarded the ship , and were met by a violent mob wielding sticks and knives .
The clash that ensued resulted in the deaths of nine Turkish activists .
Local salespeople fail to disclose composite nature of gems
It was fall 2008 and the holiday sales rush loomed , Cortney Balzan recalled .
That ’s when he said he felt forced to confront one of America ’s largest retailers and warn it that it might be misleading its customers .
For a quarter century , Balzan , an independent gemologist , had been responsible for the quality oversight , appraisal and repair of the precious gemstones that Macy ’s West , the San Francisco based West Coast division of Macy ’s , sold in its stores .
But beginning in 2007 and continuing throughout 2008 , Balzan discovered that gems arriving for distribution and sale did not satisfy Macy ’s quality standards .
Topping his list of complaints were the rubies , which Balzan determined were composites of ruby and leaded glass worth an estimated $ 15 a carat .
The inferior ruby product , which began flooding the market around 2004 , generated an industrywide debate about how vendors should market it .
By 2007 , a consortium of international gemological laboratories concluded that the new stones should be called “ ruby - glass composites . ”
In fact , the Jewelers Vigilance Committee , a leading industry watchdog , concluded that the stones could not be sold as “ rubies ” or “ precious gems ” under Federal Trade Commission guidelines , since they lacked the durability and value of bona fide rubies .
Balzan insisted that Macy ’s West apply industry standards .
But he said company officials ignored his recommendations to reject the goods or disclose their true nature to customers .
As Christmas approached , he spent many late nights composing e-mails to Macy ’s jewelry and legal executives in San Francisco and New York .
“ I told them that Macy ’s had a problem , ” Balzan said .
“ But all they wanted to talk about was how they could glamorize the product . ”
In May 2009 , Macy ’s canceled Balzan ’s contract for quality control and appraisal , but retained him for repairs .
He continued to see the same substandard gems arrive at his laboratory , he said .
Last December , Macy ’s severed all ties with Balzan .
He sued Macy ’s that same month in San Francisco Superior Court , alleging that the store had contracted with him in bad faith .
The San Francisco Public
Press conducted its own , independent investigation of Macy ’s gems , which substantiated Balzan ’s claims .
This investigation found that Macy ’s salespeople at all three of its San Francisco - area locations did not accurately describe its products and sold lead - glass - ruby composites as bona fide rubies , without disclosing their true nature .
In the past year , Macy ’s gemstones have garnered some media scrutiny , though none in the general - circulation press .
Two televised sting operations , one by “ Good Morning America ” last November and another by San Francisco ’s CBS5 in February , supported Balzan ’s allegations .
In both shows , reporters purchased gems at Macy ’s stores that were sold as natural rubies but found under testing to be composites .
In January , a former employee of both Macy ’s and Balzan ’s laboratory initiated a separate classaction lawsuit , also in San Francisco Superior Court , on behalf of customers who claim they purchased gems that were not what Macy ’s represented them to be .
Despite the two lawsuits and media attention , Macy ’s continued to sell the same controversial stones .
In February , the retailer posted on its website a menu detailing gem treatment and proper care , with the rubies ’ glass treatment and several other disclosures Balzan said he demanded .
Macy ’s stores maintain a similar chart behind sales counters to aid employees and customers .
But on separate visits two months ago to three Macy ’s locations , salespeople did not make the charts available to a reporter who bought ruby jewelry .
Macy ’s staff also did not fully disclose the treatment and care of its gems when asked .
Federal Trade Commission guidelines require such disclosures without prompting , prior to purchase .
A spokesman for Macy ’s declined repeated requests for comment , saying the company does not discuss matters currently under litigation , and that a key staff member needed to answer questions was on vacation .
Macy ’s offered the following written statement to CBS5 ’s February broadcast : " Ruby gemstones sold in settings in Macy ’s Fine Jewelry departments are genuine .
In general , rubies are heat treated to enhance their quality and appearance .
Rubies also may be fracture - filled with glass or a glass - like substance during the heating process to improve the overall quality of the stone .
We have signs in our precious and semi-precious gemstone departments to inform customers that gemstones may have been treated and may require special care .
We are always available to discuss the quality of a purchased item with our customers because we want our customers to be satisfied .
Rubies sold at Macy ’s represent an outstanding value for our customers . "
Though the laws on disclosure are clear , federal and state agencies have not publicly reacted to news reports or the lawsuits .
To date , no regulatory agency — the Federal Trade Commission , the California Department of Consumer Affairs or the California Attorney General ’s Office — has taken action against Macy’s .
LOCAL QUALITY CONTROL
In the mid 1980s , Macy ’s West had problems in its fine - jewelry department , Balzan recalled .
Some cubic zirconia were sold as diamonds .
The company hired Balzan , who in 1983 had become the first master gemologist appraiser in northern California , as an independent contractor to improve its quality - control standards .
Balzan played an important part in Macy ’s West ’s elaborate system of checks and balances to ensure that everyone in jewelry sales knew what was being sold and how it had to be advertised .
After Macy ’s staff buyers purchased jewelry from vendors , the products arrived at the Macy ’s Fine Jewelry Center on O’Farrell Street for distribution to the company ’s 259 stores in the western United States , Hawaii and Guam .
Balzan and his team of checkers would then examine the merchandise to ensure that it met Macy ’s criteria and satisfied the buyer ’s request .
“ We were the independent laboratory , ” Balzan said .
“ Our goal was to give an objective , unbiased assessment , based on their standards . ”
His analyses included identifying the type of stone , its quality , treatments and measurements .
Balzan would even occasionally track down the mine the stone allegedly came from .
“ In quality control , you have to have some rejections , because no one is perfect , ” Balzan said .
Gems that clearly did n’t meet Macy ’s standards were stamped “ RTV ” — return to vendor .
If the product ’s quality was ambiguous , Balzan informed the Macy ’s buyer , as well as jewelry executives and legal counsel , what the stone was and how it had to be sold to customers and advertised to the public .
The buyer would then decide whether it was worth selling in Macy ’s stores .
The Fine Jewelry Center was run by Mimi Lowe , whom associates nicknamed “ Dragon Lady ” for her strict adherence to the rules .
“ I made sure everyone followed the standard , ” said Lowe , who retired from Macy ’s in 2004 .
“ If there was a problem , you would bring in a partner , the upper echelon , legal , and you would make a determination . ”
To ensure that Macy ’s complied with federal and state laws , Balzan also helped develop detailed charts , explaining the treatment that each type of stone had received and the special care each required .
These charts were supposed to be made available to customers , said Balzan , who also helped with the training of salespeople about proper disclosure .
Over the years , Macy ’s took an increasingly larger share of Balzan ’s attention .
His staff grew to 18 people , who worked in the additional laboratory space that Macy ’s provided in the Fine Jewelry Center .
Balzan hired Lowe , its former director , as a consultant in 2006 .
At the height of his relationship with Macy ’s , the company represented 90 percent of Balzan ’s business .
Balzan ’s lab was expected to be on call at all times to inspect shipments , especially before the holidays .
HODGEPODGE OF QUESTIONABLE STONES
Starting in 2007 and increasingly in 2008 , gemstones began arriving at the Fine Jewelry Center that , according to Balzan and Lowe , not only failed to meet Macy ’s quality standards but were not even the gems that vendors reported them to be .
There were sapphires whose fractures were filled with glass ; “ green amethysts ” that were really praseolite ( a form of quartz ) ; “ natural black diamonds ” that were irradiated to induce color or that were really black sapphires ; diamonds that were enhanced with laser drilling or were fracture - filled ; and then there were the lead - glass - ruby composites .
In many cases , Balzan ordered the stones to be returned to the vendor .
Most of the problem gems , Balzan and Lowe said , came from one East Coast company , BH Multi .
Headquartered off Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan , BH Multi began as a small jewelry operation in Aruba founded by Fatollah “ Effy ” Hematian , an electrical engineer who emigrated from Iran in 1978 and became a jewelry designer .
BH Multi is now a top jewelry vendor for Macy ’s Inc. , which owns all Macy ’s and Bloomingdale ’s stores .
Hematian also sells his Effy Collection merchandise on his own website and in stores throughout the Caribbean , in Alaska and in New York .
Despite the problems Balzan alleged in BH Multi ’s products for Macy ’s , the vendor gained an increasing share and superior location in the stores ’ gem showcases , according to Balzan and Lowe .
Today , Effy Collection jewelry , marked by black jaguar tags with gold “ EFFY ” letters , dominates the ruby , emerald , sapphire , and black diamond sections of the colored - gem area .
Effy Collection merchandise occupied five pages of Macy ’s 20 - page jewelry catalogue for Mother ’s Day this year .
Vendors pay between $ 30,000 and $ 75,000 for each page that advertises their lines by name , according to a former Macy ’s jewelry employee who requested anonymity to protect her current business relationships .
The payments , she said , help defray the cost of printing and mailing .
Vendors who pay for advertising receive preferential treatment , the employee said , because Macy ’s jewelry buyers themselves have to solicit it .
BH Multi enjoyed a special status at Macy ’s , Balzan and Lowe charge .
Lowe ’s successor as the Fine Jewelry Center ’s director ordered Balzan to review fewer and fewer of the gemstones arriving from BH Multi .
Nevertheless , Balzan still discovered the same problems , he said .
Benny Hematian , president of BH Multi and son of founder Effy Hematian , did not respond to repeated requests for comment , both by phone and e-mail .
But a spokesman for the company , reached last week , said he was “ almost 100 percent sure ” that Macy ’s “ knew everything , and we disclosed every information that there is to disclose . ”
Without leaving his name , the spokesman directed this reporter to a company lawyer , who did not respond to questions e-mailed to him .
Balzan concluded that his quality - control laboratory was being bypassed when he noticed that gems that Macy ’s sent to his lab for repair or resizing were the same ones he had rejected .
Such repair or resizing requests normally came from customers who had purchased the jewelry at Macy’s .
The retailer , Balzan believed , was ignoring his guidance .
This differed from Balzan ’s experience of working with Lowe when she was the Fine Jewelry Center ’s director .
“ We used to go back and forth , ” Balzan said .
“ Under the new director , we did n’t have that same rapport . ”
Such bypassing of quality control in jewelry distribution would constitute a break with prior practice , according to the unnamed former Macy ’s jewelry employee .
“ We would never have gotten away with just bringing in any jewelry and sending it out there without knowing what we were selling our customers , ” she said .
“ I mean , that never happened .
Ever . ”
In the run-up to the Christmas season in 2008 , Balzan said he confronted the top Macy ’s jewelry executives , both in person and by e-mail .
He warned them that if any of the stones were sold in stores , Macy ’s had the duty , under Federal Trade Commission guidelines , to disclose their true nature to customers prior to sale .
Robin Spector , a commission lawyer , said the sale of composite rubies places a burden of disclosure on the retailer or vendor , since any treatment that changes the value , permanence and care of a gem needs to be disclosed .
“ The customer should n’t have to ask , ” Spector said .
“ It should be disclosed so that the customer knows what he ’s buying . ”
But Macy ’s jewelry heads did n’t share Balzan ’s concern , Lowe said .
She participated in the discussions and was told that vendor contracts cleared Macy ’s of any potential legal responsibility .
Balzan rejected Macy ’s legal view .
“ You ca n’t always say the vendor is wrong , ” Balzan said .
“ If they ’re selling you material , and you have an independent gemology laboratory telling you it ’s something different , you say , ‘ We ’ll check into it . ’
And that ’s what was always done at Macy’s . ”
In spring 2009 , Macy ’s Inc. laid off almost all of its 1,400 San Francisco corporate employees and dissolved Macy ’s West as a separate division ( though employees were allowed to reapply for jobs with the firm ) .
In May , the company ended Balzan ’s quality - control contract .
Balzan , in turn , was forced to lay off staff , including Lowe in August .
In December , idled by the additional loss of his Macy ’s repair contract , Balzan hired Robert Tobin , a Bay Area attorney known for his prosecution of a priest sexual - abuse scandal at San Jose ’s St. Martin of Tours .
“ There were e-mails to everyone who was in charge , ” Tobin said about Balzan ’s suit .
“ Everyone was advised of the problem . ”
Tobin said he could not share the e-mails with the Public Press , due to the early stage of the lawsuit .
Last year in July and December , Lowe said she purchased ruby jewelry at Macy ’s stores in San Rafael and Hawaii as gifts for relatives .
She said she tested the rubies and they turned out to be composites .
In January , she initiated a classaction lawsuit on behalf of customers who had purchased Macy ’s gems .
“ It will be demonstrated that Macy ’s defrauded knowingly thousands and thousands of people , ” said Thomas Brandi , the plaintiff ’s attorney .
“ It ’s a sad day when a name that could be trusted can no longer be trusted . ”
Richard Marcus , a professor at Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco , said he thought there might be a hurdle getting a group of people such as the one in Lowe ’s suit certified by a court as a class , because the lead plaintiff is a former insider .
WHAT WE FOUND
To test Balzan ’s and Lowe ’s claims , the San Francisco Public Press conducted its own independent investigation .
On April 28 , the newspaper purchased three Effy Collection ruby jewelry pieces ( two rings and one pendant ) at three separate Macy ’s stores : in Union Square , in the Stonestown Galleria and in Daly City ’s Serramonte Center .
The Macy ’s listed retail price for the items totaled $ 6,400 .
The jewelry was actually purchased at a steep discount .
Thanks to the Macy ’s Friends and Family sale and after opening a new Macy ’s account , this reporter bought the items for $ 2,821 , including sales tax .
In each store , the jewelry cases had index - card - sized signs stating that gemstones may have been treated , and that customers should ask staff for more information .
Before each purchase , the reporter asked the salesperson to explain the treatment each ruby may have received .
Each employee acknowledged that the rubies may have been heated , a commonly accepted practice that permanently improves color and clarity .
None mentioned the possibility that the rubies may have had fractures filled with glass ( as acknowledged by Macy ’s gem treatment chart linked from the company ’s website ) or were glass - ruby composites .
But Macy ’s staff did not simply neglect to share the fine print with the customer .
The salespeople , after acknowledging the heat treatment , asserted that the rubies were “ natural , ” “ a real ruby , ” “ not synthetic ” and “ not a lab ruby . ”
None mentioned that the rubies required special care or that their redness can fade over time , especially in light or heat .
Only one salesperson suggested that it should be cleaned with warm water .
Yet according to the website , ruby purchasers must “ clean with warm soapy water and a soft brush or cloth , ” “ avoid strong detergents , heat , pressure , ” and “ re-polishing or recutting of the stone . ”
Each piece of jewelry was accompanied by a tag , “ Fine Precious Ruby , ” with no other caveats or explanations .
The Public Press then sent the jewelry to New York ’s American Gemological Laboratories , one of the nation ’s most respected , for testing .
Christopher Smith , its president , concluded that all three stones were composite rubies that were " heavily treated using … lead - glass to fill fractures and cavities . "
It was impossible to determine exactly how much glass the gems contained without destroying them , Smith said .
The newspaper also examined the stones for lead content — an additive used to improve the visual properties of the glass .
The test was conducted with a Thermo Fisher Scientific XRF
Analyzer , commonly used to check for traces of the metal in consumer products .
All three pieces showed significant lead content .
Local accredited gemologist and appraiser David Harris examined the three stones , which weighed between 1.4 and 2.8 carats .
He valued them at approximately $ 40 per carat .
In May , the reporter returned the jewelry to the three stores and alerted its salespeople , who were n’t the same ones who sold the merchandise , that the rubies were determined to be composites of ruby and leaded glass .
The first salesperson twice repeated that “ they do that to prevent it from cracking . ”
The second appeared shocked and disputed the gemologist ’s report , claiming that it was “ definitely ruby . ”
When told that the only disclosure made before sale concerned heat treatment , she said that heating is common — then also acknowledged a possible further treatment .
“ We ’ve been told that sometimes , if there ’s a crack in the stone , it ’s filled , ” she said .
“ But it ’s definitely a natural ruby . ”
The third salesperson replied that it was “ no secret ” that Macy ’s sells rubies with glass .
She then placed on the counter the Macy ’s gem treatment and care chart , encased in a plastic stand , that previously had been out of view of customers .
CHEAP AND BRITTLE
Almost all gems sold nowadays are treated in various ways to enhance their beauty .
Although such treatments present challenges for identification and disclosure , few have generated the controversies that the lead - glass fill of rubies has .
“ I think it ’s the most serious issue that the jewelry industry has ever faced , ” said Antoinette Matlins , an internationally recognized gemologist with seven books in print .
For more than 25 years , leaded glass has been used to fill fissures in raw corundum — the species of stone that includes ruby and sapphire — to enhance their clarity and color before being faceted .
But around 2004 , gemologists started seeing a new , more radical form of glass fracture - filling in rubies .
Finished stones showed numerous bubbles under microscope , indicating that an increasing amount of glass was being used .
In some stones , the glass was acting as an adhesive , holding the underlying bits of corundum together .
Gemologists found that after melting away the glass additive , some rubies were shown to be at least half glass .
“ Rubies are on the forefront because of all the foreign material , ” Harris said .
“ It changes the whole characteristic of the stone . ”
Natural ruby is the second hardest stone in existence , behind diamond .
Composite rubies , however , are fragile and require special care .
They can crack and lose their color over time .
If exposed to everyday household products like strong detergent or lemon juice , the glass can quickly degrade .
Only the lightest of cleaning treatments should be applied .
Thanks to their fragility and foreign additives , glass - lead - ruby composites are worth a fraction of the value of real rubies .
Rubies of similar , lesser clarity and color cost $ 350 per carat wholesale , while high - quality natural rubies run $ 5,000 to $ 12,000 per carat .
Ruby composites , by contrast , are worth $ 1 – $ 50 per carat .
The quality and value of composite rubies are so inferior , Matlins recommends an entirely different name — “ rubaire . ”
“ It ’s ruby with a lot of air , filled with glass , ” she said .
“ Call it whatever you want , and charge $ 10 or $ 20 for it in the costume - jewelry aisle . ”
Composite rubies are also difficult to detect with the naked eye .
That , combined with their fragility , makes them especially problematic for gemologists and jewelry salespeople .
Several gemologists interviewed mentioned stories of bench jewelers placing composite rubies in gem cleaning solutions , having them dissolve like Pop Rocks , and then being blamed by their owners for the damage .
The sale of precious gemstones , a $ 28 billion market for U.S. jewelry stores , is governed by state and federal laws intended to ensure that customers know what they are buying .
As gem technology has advanced , so too has the challenge in properly identifying gems and the obligation to share that information with customers .
According to Federal Trade Commission standards , it is “ unfair or deceptive ” to call a gemstone by its name if it “ is not in fact a natural stone ” or if it is “ manufactured or produced artificially . ”
Stones should not be called “ gems ” or “ rubies ” if they do n’t possess the “ beauty , symmetry , rarity and value necessary ” to qualify as such .
INDUSTRY SELF -REFLECTION
On this basis , Suzan Flamm , a lawyer for the Jewelers Vigilance Committee , has concluded that composite rubies cannot legally be called “ rubies ” or “ gems ” without qualification .
“ You ’re not talking about a ruby or anything natural , ” she said .
“ It ’s disturbing to those of us who care a lot about integrity and not getting over on consumers . ”
Flamm has joined other industry experts calling for reforms of the nomenclature and disclosure of ruby composites .
Earlier this month during the JCK Las Vegas jewelry convention , Matlins emceed a seminar with Flamm and other speakers on composite rubies , sponsored by the American Gemological Association .
The session was one of several at such conferences in the past three years .
“ I ’m very much concerned with the issue of proper representations and proper disclosures , ” said Smith of the American Gemological Laboratories , who spoke at the session .
He called Macy ’s a high - profile example of a general problem in the industry .
“ We do n’t know how much of the material has been sold to consumers , ” he said .
“ Since we do n’t know how much has been sold , we do n’t know how much has been properly disclosed . ”
Matlins was more vehement in her criticism of Macy ’s and the consequences for the industry .
“ I really think Macy ’s should be nailed to the wall for this , ” said Matlins , who visited a Macy ’s in Tucson last February and used her loupe to identify ruby composites in the retailer ’s jewelry case .
“ They should have taken them out of the store , but they have n’t , and they ’re still charging exorbitant prices . ”
Despite its nationwide presence , Macy ’s has always retained a special status in the hearts of San Franciscans .
Since 1866 , its flagship store has anchored Union Square as a treasured city landmark .
That history was lost , Balzan and Lowe said , after last year ’s mass layoff and the dissolution of Macy ’s West .
They see the quality - control standards that they upheld as part of the unique Macy ’s West culture that made it a superior franchise .
“ I do n’t want to talk about Macy ’s nowadays , ” Balzan said .
“ I get angry and my blood pressure rises . ”
In his spare time , Balzan teaches gemology .
He occasionally takes his students to Macy ’s and other stores around town to test their wares .
He still maintains his laboratory on Market Street , a block away from Macy ’s , with a staff of four .
His employees include his son Patrick , who is also an accredited gemologist .
“ I ’m disappointed in the way everything ended up , ” the younger Balzan said .
“ We put a lot of work into Macy’s . ”
HOW TO DISTINGUISH A RUBY FROM A LEAD - GLASS COMPOSITE
Is your ruby 100 % legit ?
With the right tools ( many of them cheap and readily accessible ) , a trained eye can tell the difference .
Graphic by Justin Allen / SF Public Press .
Hire Man & Van Today and Get Your Move Underway !
Man with Van Hire The Benefits
Moving houses is not as easy as one , two and three .
That is why it needs appropriate planning .
For instance , you should try to survey and organize your things so you will know which ones are for disposal , for storage and for transport to your new house .
While a lot of people try to do it on their own , it would be so much convenient when you hire a man and van instead .
Sure you can call your family and friends to help you do the lifting and everything .
But a man with van would be more skilled in this job .
Besides you never know if you are putting your family and friends at an inconvenience .
They might also be busy on the day of the move .
On the other hand , hiring someone to help you frees you of these considerations .
As long as you book them early you are assured that you will have extra hands to help you .
You wo n't have to risk breaking your back and damaging your things .
Of course , this would only be so if you hire a reliable man with a van though .
So make sure you hire a trustworthy and a reliable one .
Do n't worry even if you have so many things to transport .
The company will be able to provide you with the appropriate number of people to make the job faster and more efficient .
And while you may have a car , it might not be big enough for all your belongings .
Overloading your car can cause damage so you are better off hiring a man with van because you will surely get a vehicle of the right size .
You wo n't even have to worry about it because they would be responsible for it .
They would know how to use the space of the van more efficiently .
And they would know how to load your things in a way that will minimize possible accidents and breakage .
Of course , it helps that they would also have the appropriate equipment to help them do their job properly .
So by hiring them , you also get access to these tools .
The best thing about it is you wo n't have to pay high fees with a man & van .
And they are usually more negotiable than regular the fees of the removals companies .
The best companies would be booked most of the time though .
So again , make sure that you plan your move early and book early as well .
What You Need to Do When Hiring Man with a Van Service
If you are going to move to a new house , then it is important to know how you can find the best man & van service .
A professional removal company can make your move less stressful .
There are lots of companies today offering home removal service .
Finding a suitable company that can meet your requirements can be very challenging especially for those who have not moved much .
So here are some practical tips to get the best man & van removal service .
Look for a Trustworthy Removal Company Trustworthiness of the removal service is one of the biggest factors that you need to consider .
If the removal service can not be trusted , you may discover later that some of your belongings are missing .
So it is very important to carefully evaluate the service record of the moving company .
Find information about the background of the removal company and the trustworthiness of its staff .
You may have to do some research or simply ask for a recommendation from your friends and close associates .
If you are going to hire a van and man service from the Internet , make sure that it has received lots of positive reviews from previous clients .
Look for physical addresses and contact information so that you can track the offices of the company in case some unfortunate incident happens during the removal job .
Be Prepared When You Move Preparation is the key in order to make your move stress - free .
As much as possible , you have to pack early in order to avoid confusion during the actual day of removal .
You have to carefully wrap breakable items and provide protection for your valuable possessions .
You should also organize the boxes and properly mark them before you move .
This will make the removal job faster and more efficient .
When the job has been finished , the van and man service will require you to sign a document stating that everything has been done properly .
Before you sign the release papers , you should check each box thoroughly .
Make sure that all items that you have packed are still complete .
It is also best to check for damages and breakages which may be due to improper handling .
If you sign the release papers without checking your belongings , it would be impossible already to claim for damages from the removers .
You will learn a very expensive lesson if you found out later that your precious possessions were damaged by improper handling .
What You Get When You Hire a Man with a Van
A man with van can do as much work as a regular removals company .
But you wo n't have to budget as much for them .
That is why when people aim to save on their moving expenses , they generally end up hiring a man and a van .
Manpower
One of the biggest problems of people who are moving is manpower .
With the boxes that you need to move , surely you cannot do it by yourself .
Some furniture simply can't be lifted by one person .
Even two people could be difficult .
But when you hire a van and man , you wo n't have to call your relatives and friends to come over and help you .
Depending on the amount of things to move , the company can send one or more people to do the job for you .
What 's more is that you can rest assured that you will have experienced and skilled people to do the work for you .
This means delicate items would be handled with care .
And big and heavy furniture would also be safe from scratches and damage .
Proper Equipment
What even enables the man & van to do the work more efficiently are the tools that help make lifting and loading easier .
They would naturally have proper equipment since they do this for a living .
While it might not be practical for you to buy such equipment , the company would have access to them .
So , things are done faster and your things are virtually safer during the move .
The Right Van Depending on the amount of the things , the right size of van would be provided .
You wo n't have to worry about renting and returning the van during moving day .
Your job is merely to get parking ready .
You wo n't have to mind the vehicle anymore during the trip as they would be the one who will transport your things .
Flexible Service and Cost Control A removal man van is also flexible .
If you do n't much have to lift , one person might be sent to help you .
On the other hand , more things would entail more people to do the work .
But if you really want to save money , you can help do the work too so the load would not be as difficult to do .
With less people and less effort required , this usually warrants a lower rate .
While it's not the easier bargain , you are still at the winning end because you still accomplish the move relatively fast compared to if you do n't have some help .
4 Tips to Finding the Best Man with a Van
Normally , when you are in search for a man with a van , you instantly think about getting this service from a moving van company .
Although this is a good thinking , you should also consider a few other things when searching for a man plus van .
Below are just some of these :
1 . Do not instantly engage in an agreement with a moving company .
Instead , talk and discuss matters with them and weigh all the things that are important to you .
It is also suggested that you ask for a short list of their clients .
In this way , you have a way to counter check their credibility .
2.Before signing on with the agreement , it is wise that you ask for the entire job quotation .
The job quotation should include everything including the taxes , if there are any , overtime fee , and others .
It should clearly manifest all the charges ( hidden charges can sometimes ruin your excitement ) that are inclusive of the service .
Then after getting this , it is wise also that you try comparing this price quote with the other moving van companies .
3. Take note of the company 's insurance policies .
You have to be very aware of all the damage scope that the moving man is covering .
There are instances when during the moving out some things may be displaced inappropriately and some of your highly valued things will get damaged or broken .
In this case , the only protection that you have would be the extent of the insurance policy that you have with your moving man .
4. Check out whether you are moving in and out a lot of things to a new place .
If you are moving out with a few luggages only then it is best that you hire a van and man that can accommodate all your things .
Or if you are thinking about having it move out once or twice , as long as you are able to find a respected and trusted moving man with a van , then that would be considerably fine .
A trusted moving man with van is somehow a challenge to find .
Depending on where you live or moving , you should be aware that it would take a while before you should finally settle in with your moving out company .
And by following these simple tips , you can be assured , at least , that you will find a better moving man with a van for your moving out needs .
Relocation and Removal Companies
So , it 's time to move in your new home .
You are probably a bit worked up right now , packing and getting ready for the big day .
If you feel you do n't have enough time left to finish , then you 'll need a little help from a dependable removal company .
By taking some time to research for the right movers , you will be able to relax and keep your mind off of the stressful packing and moving .
Nowadays , many people turn to the internet to find removal companies .
This is a very good idea .
With all the removal companies at your fingertips , you can easily compare quotes without actually visiting or calling the office .
However , when looking for a removal company that will aide you in your moving needs , you must hire the one that is reputable and trustworthy .
Find out if they give free quotes so you can expect how much the services may cost .
Things to Remember when Moving
If there are items that you are not able to get rid or items that you just can't take with you in you new home , the removal company shall also provide a storage facility for your possesions .
These types of problems should not be an additional burden for you on the moving day .
If you can find a removal company that will take care of it for you , then you can focus on more important things when the actual moving day comes .
Never make last minute bookings !
If you are still undecided on whether you want to hire a removal company or not , better make the decision well ahead of time .
The sooner that you can find a moving company and finalize a moving date , the sooner you can get on with making other important decisions that you need to make on the moving day .
Every second should be spent well when preparing for a move .
Otherwise , your moving day will be chaotic and disorganized .
Remember , you also need some time to prepare for the housewarming party .
The moving truck or van is very essential in any relocation .
When picking a van , be sure that the size is perfect for you so you can get everything done in a single trip with a removal company .
Not only will this save you time , it can also keep the stress level down from wondering and worrying if you have forgotten anything .
Once everything is settled in your new home , you can let the removal company go and you can make your last trip back to check if there is anything left behind .
This could also be the perfect time to clean your old home since all the obstructions are away .
The new owners or tenants will surely appreciate this gesture .
Be Stress - Free , Hire House Removals
There is a meaning about everything you do and when you move it means you have to face new challenges along the way .
You have to start anew in your newly - found home and live life in such a way you think it should be lived .
But , this is not the end of it all as the moving process per se is in fact a very daunting and demanding process that you have to deal the right way .
You have to have your efficient strategies which will work best if you hire house removals .
It is not all about planning or having the right plan .
It is also about carrying out the plans and achieving the results without causing a lot of troubles .
The concrete plan will work best if you do things accordingly .
If you fail to do any of it , do n't worry , the house removals will guide you to the right direction .
The List
It is important to come up with the list you will do .
The list will tell you the plans you need to execute so that you will make the entire moving process successful and well - accomplished .
Do n't worry , your plan will go through if you complete it with the help of the right house removals because they are trained and experienced to clean mess and to produce good results .
Everything that you will write will be a job well done .
However , do n't just make a list .
As much as possible , be specific with your list by breaking it down .
Breaking down means having a timeline of the things you need to accomplish .
It could be arranged based on level of importance and based on schedule .
If you want to work hand in hand with the house removals , you can show your list to them so they will keep track of the things you need to do together .
The Packing Process
Packing can be very difficult especially if you are doing it for the first time .
You will be confused and exhausted without completing anything if you will not follow a system .
A system will tell you every next move you should do , from acquiring the right packing materials , different sizes and shapes of boxes , sticker labels , and more to the proper way of putting everything inside the boxes .
House removals know exactly how to help out in this matter .
Do n't get yourself a headache and make your move stress - free .
Plan , make a list , pack systematically , and hire house removals .
How to Discern the Credible Removal Companies in London
One of the most important decisions in life that an individual can make is deciding to undergo removals London .
This is a time of figurative and literal upheaval ; a departure from your established comfort zones and lifestyles , from familiar faces and places , into something unfamiliar .
This can be quite formidable to consider , and can be the source of much anxiety , not only for adults , but also for children who will be affected by the moving .
Another possible source of anxiety is the company you have to hire for the removals London .
You have to make sure that the company you are selecting can literally deliver quality service , so that precious resources do not go to waste .
To ensure that does not happen , you can follow these little reminders .
Be Patient
As the famous saying goes , haste makes waste , and this is exactly appropriate for removals London .
Allow yourself with some time to search for credible , reliable relocation companies , and check all the minutia and details involved with their particular offerings or packages .
Be thorough in checking if every aspect of the moving will be covered by the amount they require , to assure yourself that you wo n't be unexpectedly shelving out more money than intended .
Do not sign any contract or written document without reading absolutely every line stated there ; your signature bears a lot of power , so you should n't hand it out so easily .
This will also help prevent getting swindled or conned by disreputable companies .
I had a mate who was suicidal .
He was really depressed , so I pushed him in front of a steam train .
He was chuffed to bits .
I met a 14 year old girl on the internet .
She was clever , funny , flirty and sexy , so I suggested we meet up .
She turned out to be an undercover detective .
How cool is that at her age ?!
I went to see the nurse this morning for my annual check - up .
She said I had to stop w#nking .
When I asked why she said , “ Because I ’m trying to examine you ! ”
I just saw that Harry Potter film .
A bit unrealistic if you ask me .
I mean , a ginger kid , with two friends ?
When I got divorced , my wife said she would fight for custody of the kids .
Took her out with one punch .
I was walking in a cemetery this morning and seen a bloke hiding behind a gravestone .
I said “ morning . ”
He replied , “ No , just having a sh!t . ”
Disabled toilets .
Ironically , the only toilets big enough to run around in .
I was reading in the paper today about this dwarf that got pick pocketed .
How could anyone stoop so low ?
I was walking down the road when I saw an Afghan bloke standing on a fifth floor balcony shaking a carpet .
I shouted up to him , “ What ’s up Abdul , wo n’t it start ? ”
Ask a beer fanatic what they 're into these days , and chances are they 'll wax poetic about sour beers .
Inspired by the puckery beers of Belgium , American brewers are playing with yeasts and bacteria and fruit like never before .
While we 're not really all that interested in who can make the sourest beer imaginable , we 're thrilled at all the great , creative options coming out of American breweries .
Some of these delectable examples are juicy , zippy , and full of real fruit flavor ; others are funky and horsey , quite challenging for the beginner — and sometimes thrilling to the nerdiest among us .
These are n't beers for chugging in front of a game ; they 're complex sips that demand your full attention .
We consider ourselves very lucky to have gotten a taste .
Serious Beer Ratings *****
Mindblowing ; a new favorite ****
Awesome , stock up on this *** Around average for the style **
There are probably better options *
No , thanks , I 'll have water .
Captain Lawrence Rosso e Marrone New York , Unknown ABV
This sour brown ale fermented with grapes and aged in wine barrels may be hard to get your hands on .
It 's glorious , though , with a scent of licorice pastilles and mellow oak , spice cookies , and red wine .
It 's tart , rich and sour , with notes of brown butter and sage , cinnamon - nutmeg spiced cider , red wine vinegar and lime juice .
It 's silky and puckering , perfect to serve with gamey meat or stinky cheese .
*****
Russian River Supplication California , 7 % ABV
The scent of the Supplication is vinuous and cherried ( which makes sense , since it 's aged in Pinot Noir barrels . )
But this is a super - sour beer , with puckering , mouthwatering acidity .
It 's silky , funky , and very dry , with notes of strawberries , dried cherries , maple syrup , leather saddle , and musty library stacks .
It 's beautifully made , with intense , concentrated flavor .
Serve with lamb chops or a bloody steak .
****3/4
Russian River Consecration California , 10 % ABV
This earthy ale is a little less tightly wound than the Supplication .
It ferments with Brettanomyces and 30 pounds of dried currants ( per barrel ! ) in Cabernet Sauvignon barrels , then more brett and bacteria are added .
The scent is sour and rich , with notes of currants and German stollen .
This is a rich , dense , vanilla - tinged beer with puckering sourness and a clean finish .
The oak - aging adds a smooth quality and there 's a hint of spicy star anise .
We were reminded of apple butter and cranberries , and heartily recommend this beer to fans of brown ale who are looking to go one step funkier .
****1/2
Lost Abbey Cuvee de Tomme 2009 California , 11 % ABV
This beer starts out as an intense dark Quadrupel ( their Judgement Day , which is brewed with Candi sugar and raisins ) and then is aged in bourbon barrels with sour cherries and Brett .
It smells like figs and anise , currants and cream .
It 's seductive , voluptuous and wine - like , complex and full of mulling spices , with dark fruit and earthy oak .
Our advice :
Age this one a bit more to let it mellow and harmonize just a bit .
It 's awesome right now , but we think it 'll get better .
And if you buy the 2010 when it releases ( tentatively August 28 ) , hold on to it awhile .
If you can resist .
****1/2
Lost Abbey Framboise de Amorosa California , 7 % ABV
This one has a rich jammy scent ( seeds included ) , and explosive sour berry flavor .
It 's like a blend of raspberries and balsamic vinegar , with earthy oak at the finish and lingering fruit .
The raspberries are beautifully framed in tartness and oak , with just enough horsey funk to keep things adult .
Pair it with fresh mozzarella and prosciutto .
****1/4
Nebraska Brewing Company Apricot au Poivre Saison Nebraska , 6.5 % ABV
Though this one is n't a sour , it 's an exciting fruit beer effort from one of my favorite up - and - coming breweries .
The scent is yeasty , with tart apricot notes and hints of pepper .
The buttered rye - toast flavor is nicely balanced with fruit and herbal flavors , it 's not sweet , but not bone - dry either .
The fruit purée adds richness without becoming too fruity — this is an elegant , refreshing beer , perfect for pairing with Thanksgiving turkey ( or leftovers ) or a grilled cheddar sandwich .
****1/4
Lost Abbey Red Poppy Ale California , 5.5 % ABV
This Flanders - style red is made with sour cherries , and it's a sour one , though the scent may be more challenging than the flavor .
On the nose , there 's sour Atomic Fireballs and a hint of cat pee .
The flavor is rich and thick , full fruit flavor ( though not much cherry pit ) , Sour Patch Kids , green apple , and leather .
This is n't a crazy - wild , horsey beer , but it 's definitely entering the lactic acid arms race .
****1/4
Avery Dépuceleuse Colorado , 9.59 % ABV
This beer , brewed with sour cherries and aged in Zinfandel barrels , with 100 % brettanomyces fermentation , is n't shouting the way many of the other beers in this category are .
Instead , a whisper of mulling spices , toffee , black tea , and yes , some velvety fruit .
It 's more peaty than sour — leathery — with more prominent oak flavor and tannin than most of the others .
Cherry and orange peel flavors mellow into the earthy background .
It may taste more like a Manhattan than a beer .
Because of its vanilla notes , this beer is wildly delicious with a slice of cheesecake .
Try it !
****
Cascade Kriek 2008 & 2009 Oregon , 8.1 % ABV on the 2003 , 7.3 % ABV on the 2009
We had the chance to taste two vintages of this beer recently , and they were certainly different !
The 2008 is pretty smooth and mellow now , with juicy notes of bing cherry and lemon peel .
The 2009 , which had some sour cherries in the mix , is tangier and more aggressive , like potent cherry lemonade , and a bit more sour .
Both are luscious with a cheeseburger .
****
Cascade Apricot Ale 2009 Oregon , 9 % ABV
This tangy and rich beer is a little different every year .
It starts out in the Tripel style , then does a long malolactic fermentation before aging with apricots .
As it ages , this beer loses a little of its aromatic and fruity punch , mellowing out a bit , but it still tastes like real fruit .
There 's a hint of musky barnyard flavor , orange marmalade tartness , and even a little smoke .
It 's approachable for a sour beer , and quite tasty .
****
New Glarus Raspberry Tart Wisconsin , 4 % ABV
This cult favorite is fresh and juicy , with an earthy cedary note .
Very drinkable , clean , simple and pure .
Do n't expect a funky sour ; it 's more like a cup of raspberry preserves ( with the seeds ) or a melted all - fruit raspberry Jolly Rancher .
The purity of the fruit flavors is beautifully captured , and that 's not an easy thing to do .
Serve in a champagne flute with a slice of cheesecake .
***3/4
Weyerbacher Riserva 2008 Pennsylvania , 11.4 % ABV
This wild ale is aged with raspberry purée in oak barrels , and there 's a ton of sediment in the bottom of the bottle .
The scent reminded us of a funky biodynamic wine , and the flavor 's funky , boisterous , and rich , too .
We tasted Craisins and raspberry fruit leather , fig spread , and bitter orange peel , with a hint of preserved lemon sourness .
The oaky tannins are definitely present , and we might age this a little longer to let the boozy heat mellow a little further .
***3/4
New Glarus Wisconsin Belgian Red Wisconsin , 4 % ABV
We got Dr. Brown 's Black Cherry soda and a hint of marzipan and rosehip on the nose , and this beer is full of dark - berry flavor .
Like their Raspberry Tart , this beer has just a bit of sourness ; it 's not puckery Belgian - style .
Instead , it 's jammy and flavorful , with tons of real fruit .
***3/4
New Belgium Lips of Faith Transatlantique Kriek Colorado , 8 % ABV
This buttery kriek one of the more guzzleable examples we tried .
It 's mellow , smooth , and not very puckery or horsey .
There 's just enough sourness to make it refreshing .
***3/4
Founders Cerise Michigan , 6.5 % ABV
This fruit beer , made with cherry purée , pours maraschino cherry red , and tastes like a malty , sweet Shirley Temple .
It 's balanced and pretty subtle , better than any Lindeman 's you 'll meet , and without much bitterness — perfect for those who are n't that into beer .
It 's not as intense and fruity as the New Glarus options , but it 's well made .
***1/2
Bridgeport Stumptown Tart Oregon , 7.7 % ABV
Do n't expect sweet Lindeman 's framboise when you pour this beer ; it 's dry with some musty and dank flavors ( though it 's not as sour as many of the others . )
There 's a hint of wood chips , tannic raspberry tea , and pale ale , and it was a little thin for our taste .
It 's a tough category to compete in , and we were n't sure the flavors in this one really came together .
**1/2
Unreleased Beers
Few American brewers are making lambic the traditional way ; they maintain some amount of control by adding yeast and inoculating their beer with microorganisms , rather than leave fermentation completely up to wild yeast and other critters .
We had a chance , though , to try two special beers from Allagash that are a part of their experiment with 100 % spontaneously fermented beers .
After the boil ( and the addition of mellow aged hops ) , the hot wort for these beer is cooled in a large open tray ( 12 feet long , 8 feet wide , and 1 foot deep ) called a coolship ( or koelschip ) .
The windows in the room are left open , allowing natural bacteria and wild yeast to drift in with the outside air while the wort cools .
Spontaneous fermentation occurs in French oak barrels , and then the beer is aged ( sometimes with the addition of whole fruit . )
These beers are wild and new ; there can be a ton of variation between batches .
The art of blending is essential to lambic production , and Allagash may work on these for awhile before they 're ready to release them commercially .
The Allagash Coolship Red is aged with raspberries , and the flavors are sour , fruity , bitter and dry .
On the nose , we got funky cheese and wet dog .
It 's hard to judge this except as something potentially amazing , but they 're definitely closer to the flavors in genuine Belgian lambic than most other American fruit beers we 've tried .
The Coolship Cerise pours very pale pink , and the scent is yogurty .
We tasted subtle cherry and lemon peel , quinine and animal sweat .
We 're willing to bet that these beers will get more complex with time and blending , and we 're very excited to see where they end up .
Disclosure : all beers were review samples .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Describing his performances as ' expressions of art ' , Eskil is currently touring with a team of 10 people as part of a documentary about his incredible achievements .
The crew have been visiting some of Eskil 's playgrounds , recording brand new stunts for the first time - like the unicycle at Trollveggen mountain - and improving on old performances for camera
Credit : SINDRE LUNDVOLD / BARCROFT MEDIA
Police in California seize $ 1.7 billion worth of marijuana
by Joseph Ernest July 29 , 2010
Newscast Media -- Gil Kerlikowske , the White House drug czar , said police stumbled across industrial - sized plantations of marijuana in the foothills of Sierra Nevada , in California .
Over the past three weeks , 97 people have been arrested , most of them Mexican nationals believed to have ties with Mexican drug cartels .
Margaret Mims , Fresno County Sherrif said , " They ( the crime gangs ) continue their criminal conduct during their off - season with other illegal drug and violent activities in our local communities . "
Story continues below ...
About 450 agents have destroyed more than 432,000 marijuana plants during the three - week sweep , which ends Friday , Kerlikowske said .
Still , according to U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration statistics , that accounts for a small percentage of the crop typically seized in California each year .
A Very Different Earth --
It is becoming apparent that climate change will result in a very different Earth for future generations .
Many changes are now unavoidable .
What will that new Earth be like ?
Doc's Green Blog--
Yes , sustainability is serious business .
And sometimes less serious thoughts , musings , whimsies , questions , opinions , discoveries and insights occur .
Jeffrey and David Shiffman have turned their bathroom into a pseudo chemistry lab .
The two brothers from Ft. Lauderdale are trying to support relief efforts in the Gulf , by bottling and selling " Oil Spill Water . "
" Some people are like , ' who really wants that ? ' " said Jeffrey Shiffman .
" Well , we do n't really know who wants it . "
But they 're about to find out .
A two ounce bottle goes for $ 9.99 on oilspillwater.com .
It 's real oil and real ocean water , just not from the Gulf .
It 's a " simulation " of the spill .
At first , they were using samples of crude oil from the Gulf , but shipping was expensive .
And since all profits go to three organizations dedicated to cleaning up the gulf , they decided to switch to used motor oil .
" A lot of people are saying , ' cool , but I do n't know if I 'd buy it , ' " said Jeffrey .
" But we really want to strike home that this is a donation to help the environment . "
So what exactly do you do with a bottle of " oil spill water " ?
The Shiffman brothers hope that it 'll be a novelty item or a conversation piece .
" We want people to keep talking about it and to donate to these organizations , " said David .
Five dollars from every bottle sold goes to covering costs , the other five gets split between Reef Relief , The International Fund for Animal Welfare , and The International Bird Research Center .
Team Fortress 2 Highlighted as Example of Great Service at Develop 2010
" At the moment , the majority of games are sold as products ... like a book "
Bidaux said , but as games are intangiable experiences he insists they are " consumed as services . "
" The game experience goes beyond gameplay , " he explained , encompassing everything from installers , registration and patching to payment and community support .
Team Fortress 2 was named as boasting " a very strong service . "
Developer Valve continues to issue sizeable updates two years after launch , tapping into its community 's creativity by adding fan - made levels and items to the class - based shooter , as well as holding seasonal events , getting their hands bloody and answering unusual questions .
" They keep promoting the content , " said Bidaux .
" They keep making it better and better ...
You would think they only promote to people who are playing the game and using the service but by having that constant presence actually it 's promoting with word of mouth and sustaining the success . "
The " really , really bad game " Bidaux mentioned was the 1999 MMORPG The Fourth Coming , which he helped bring to French audiences with service features including then - highly impressive online character sheets .
While most of Bidaux 's experience has been with MMOs , targets of his ire strike a chord in may types of games .
Issues mentioned included bad installers , games launching external browser windows for registration , lengthy registration processes , bad localisation , single - language clients , limited payment options , insufficient chat filters and poor patching .
" Every component of the service needs a conscious design effort , " he insisted .
Newt Gingrich : America Should Be More Like Saudi Arabia
Newt Gingrich says that because there are no churches in Riyadh , we should n't allow a mosque in New York .
Doug Mataconis · · 26 comments
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich became the latest conservative pundit to weigh in on the so - called Ground Zero Mosque story , and his argument is perhaps the most illogical of all :
There should be no mosque near Ground Zero in New York so long as there are no churches or synagogues in Saudi Arabia .
The time for double standards that allow Islamists to behave aggressively toward us while they demand our weakness and submission is over .
(…)
Those Islamists and their apologists who argue for “ religious toleration ” are arrogantly dishonest .
They ignore the fact that more than 100 mosques already exist in New York City .
Meanwhile , there are no churches or synagogues in all of Saudi Arabia .
In fact no Christian or Jew can even enter Mecca .
And they lecture us about tolerance .
If the people behind the Cordoba House were serious about religious toleration , they would be imploring the Saudis , as fellow Muslims , to immediately open up Mecca to all and immediately announce their intention to allow non-Muslim houses of worship in the Kingdom .
They should be asked by the news media if they would be willing to lead such a campaign .
Yes , you read that right , because Saudi Arabia ( which happens to be an American ally ) is a religiously repressive regime , American Muslims should be prevented from using the property which they own to create a community center which happens to include a mosque .
Saudi Arabia is also a country where women are not allowed to drive and where alcohol , tobacco , and pork are banned .
Is Gingrich suggesting that we adopt those practices as well ?
What ’s somewhat ironic , or perhaps hypocritical , about all of this is that elsewhere on his site , Gingrich talks about religious liberty :
Religious liberty in America is under assault . ( … ) people of faith have been systematically marginalized in America ( …)
It is hard to imagine an America more at odds with the vision of the founding fathers than one where expressions of faith are penalized by the government .
I guess those sentiments do n’t apply to Muslims in Gingrich ’s mind , or at least not to Muslims who want to use their property as they see fit .
Not until they are able to somehow influence an authoritarian religious state half a world away to change their laws .
Its easy to just chalk this up to Gingrich being Gingrich , but it ’s part of a pattern .
Sarah Palin has already come out with her own bizarrely argued anti-mosque screed , and a group calling itself the National Republican Trust has been trying to air an ad that can only be described as disgusting :
There ’s a lot of emotion behind this issue , but there ’s also an underlying current of anti-Muslim bigotry and Newt Gingrich just tossed gasoline on that fire .
Update : I removed the link to Sarah Palin ’s Facebook post on the “ Ground Zero ” Mosque because it appears to have been deleted from her Facebook page some time within the last hour .
The Google Cache still lives though .
Update 2 : The Facebook post has been restored , so I ’ve reinstated the link in the text of the post above .
As the right - wing leadership of the organized U.S. Jewish community defends Israel against international condemnation for its deadly seizure of a flotilla bearing humanitarian supplies for Gaza , a familiar clutch of neoconservative hawks is going on the offensive against what they see as the flotilla ’s chief defender , Turkey .
Outraged by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip ’s Erdogan ’s repeated denunciations of the May 31 Israeli raid , as well as his co-sponsorship with Brazil of an agreement with Iran designed to promote renewed negotiations with the West on Tehran ’s nuclear program , some neoconservatives are even demanding that the U.S. try to expel Ankara from NATO as one among of several suggested actions aimed at punishing Erdogan ’s AKP ( Justice and Development Party ) government .
" Turkey , as a member of NATO , is privy to intelligence information having to do with terrorism and with Iran , " noted the latest report by the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs ( JINSA ) , a hard - line neoconservative group that promotes U.S. - Israeli military ties and has historically cultivated close ties to Turkey ’s military , as well .
" If Turkey finds its best friends to be Iran , Hamas , Syria and Brazil ( look for Venezuela in the future ) the security of that information ( and Western technology in weapons in Turkey ’s arsenal ) is suspect .
The United States should seriously consider suspending military cooperation with Turkey as a prelude to removing it from the organization , " suggested the group .
Its board of advisers includes many prominent champions of the 2003 Iraq invasion , including former Defense Policy Board chairman Richard Perle , former Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) director James Woolsey , and former U.N. Amb. John Bolton .
Neoconservative publications , notably the Wall Street Journal , the Weekly Standard and the National Review , have also been firing away at the AKP government since the raid .
" Turkey now represents a major element in the global panorama of radical Islam , " declared the Standard ‘s Stephen Schwartz , while Daniel Pipes , the controversial director of the Likudist Middle East Forum ( MEF ) , echoed JINSA ’s call for ousting Ankara from NATO and urged Washington to provide direct support for Turkey ’s opposition parties in an article published by the National Review Online .
The Journal has been running editorials and op - eds attacking Turkey on virtually a daily basis since the raid , accusing its government , among other things , of having " an ingrained hostility toward the Jewish state , remarkable sympathies for nearby radical regimes , and an attitude toward extremist groups like the IHH ( the Islamist group that sponsored the flotilla ’s flagship , the Mavi Marmara ) that borders on complicity . "
On Monday , it ran an op - ed by long - time hawk Victor Davis Hanson that labeled the IHH " a terrorist organization with ties to al - Qaeda " , while an earlier op - ed , by Robert Pollock , its editorial features editor , called Erdogan and his foreign minister , Ahmet Davutoglu , " demagogues appealing to the worst elements in their own country and the broader Middle East . "
Meanwhile , in an op - ed published by The Forward , a Jewish weekly , Michael Rubin , a Perle protégé at the American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) , accused Turkey of having " become a conduit for the smuggling of weapons to Israel ’s enemies " , notably Lebanon ’s Hezbollah .
The onslaught is ironic both because of the neo- conservatives ’ long cultivation of Turkey and their avowed support for promoting democratic governance — of which they have singled out Turkey for special praise — in the Muslim world .
Neoconservatives were among the most important promoters of the military alliance between Israel and Turkey that began to take shape in the late 1980s and was consolidated by the mid-1990s .
In fact , Perle and another of his protégés , former undersecretary of defense for policy , Douglas Feith , worked as paid lobbyists for Turkey during that period , in major part to persuade the powerful " Israel Lobby " on Capitol Hill to promote Ankara ’s interests on Capitol Hill .
In 1996 , the two men participated in a task force chaired by Perle that proposed to incoming Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu that he work with Turkey and Jordan to remove Iraqi President Saddam Hussein from power as part of an alliance designed to transform the strategic balance in the Middle East permanently in favor of Israel .
But the Turkey promoted by Perle and his fellow - neocons in the 1980s and ’90s was one that was dominated by a secular business and political elite carefully monitored by an all - powerful military institution that mounted three coup d’etats between 1960 and 1980 and intervened a fourth time in 1997 to oust an Islamist - led government .
Despite its close links to both the U.S. and Israel , however , the Turkish military badly disappointed the neo- cons in the run-up to Washington ’s invasion of Iraq in March 2003 .
Instead of insisting that the civilian government at the time grant U.S. requests to use Turkish territory as a major launching pad into northern Iraq , the armed forces decided to defer to overwhelming parliamentary and public opposition to the invasion .
" I think for whatever reason they did not play the strong leadership role on that issue that we would have expected , " complained then - Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz , a long - time Perle friend and colleague who , despite his lavish praise of Turkey as a model Muslim democracy , headed repeated efforts by the George W. Bush administration to persuade Turkey ’s national security council — where the military ’s voice was dominant — to effectively overrule its parliament .
Erdogan , who became prime minister just a week before the invasion and whose political and economic reforms have been widely praised in the West , at first sought good relations with Israel .
As late as 2007 , he arranged for Shimon Peres to become the first Israeli president to address the Turkish parliament .
By then , however , many neocons had become concerned about Erdogan ’s efforts to weaken the military ’s power , his warm reception of a top Hamas leader in 2005 , criticism of Israel ’s military campaign against Hezbollah in 2006 , and rapprochement with Syria .
When the military not so subtly threatened to intervene against Erdogan and the AKP in 2007 , some neocons , notably Perle , suggested that the U.S. should not try to discourage it .
Others , including the Standard ‘s Schwartz and Pipes , encouraged it as the lesser of two evils , even as the Journal defended the AKP as " more democratic than the secularists . "
Since Erdogan ’s furious denunciation of Israel , and Peres personally , at the Davos World Economic Forum ( WEF ) of Israel ’s Cast Lead operation in Gaza in Jan 2009 , however , neocons of virtually all stripes — including those , like the Journal ‘s editorial writers , who have praised the AKP as a democratizing force — have turned against Ankara .
And the flotilla incident , combined with Erdogan ’s perceived defense of Iran ’s nuclear program , has raised their animus to new heights .
" A combination of Islamist rule , resentment at exclusion from Europe , and a neo-Ottomanist ideology that envisions Turkey as a great power in the Middle East have made Turkey a state that is often plainly hostile not only to Israel but to American aims and interests , " wrote Eliot Cohen , professor at Johns Hopkins University , in a Journal op -ed Monday .
( Inter Press Service )
Police have reported two men for assault over an incident involving a South Australian Liberal candidate and a volunteer .
But the men who allegedly assaulted the pair say they were the ones who were attacked .
Liberal candidate Jassmine Wood and volunteer Adrian Robb were campaigning outside a supermarket in the Hindmarsh electorate in Adelaide .
They say they were approached by two men who criticised the Liberal Party 's border protection policies and the confrontation turned violent .
Ms Wood says punches were thrown .
" My poor volunteer got smacked in the face and I got hit in the head at the same time and then my volunteer got pinned to the ground and punched over and over , " she said .
Matt Hamon says he was shopping with his friend when he was approached by Ms Wood .
He says he began a discussion with her about asylum seekers but says he and his friend did not assault Ms Wood or Mr Robb .
Mr Hamon 's friend did not want to be identified but supplied pictures he said were are of injuries inflicted by Mr Robb .
" Mr Robb , I believe his name is , several times jumper punched my friend who has quite a number of injuries to his face , " Mr Hamon said .
Mr Robb denied the suggestion .
" Any suggestion that myself and the Liberal candidate would randomly attack a shopper is probably as preposterous as it sounds , " he said .
The two men faced the Adelaide Magistrates Court , where the charges were dismissed .
Time Inc. ’s iPad Problem Is Trouble for Every Magazine Publisher
Time Inc. likes to show off its iPad apps as a symbol of the company ’s future .
But inside the publisher , the digital editions have become a source of hair - pulling frustration .
That ’s because the magazine giant has been unable to get Apple to let it sell and manage subscriptions for its iPad apps–much to Time Inc. ’s surprise .
Last month , the publisher was set to launch a subscription version of its Sports Illustrated iPad app , where consumers would download the magazines via Apple ’s iTunes but would pay Time Inc. directly .
But Apple rejected the app at the last minute , forcing the Time Warner ( TWX ) unit to sell single copies , using iTunes as a middleman , multiple sources tell me .
Since then , Time Inc. executives “ have been going nuts , ” trying to figure out how to get Apple ( AAPL ) to approve a subscription plan .
One of the more desperate suggestions , which apparently did n’t get traction :
Pulling the publisher ’s apps out of the iTunes store altogether .
Subscriptions , whether they ’re for ink - and - paper magazines or their digital editions , are a big deal for Time Inc. and every other magazine publisher .
They value them in part because they provide recurring revenue , but primarily because they provide a treasure trove of data .
The ability to control digital subscriptions also gives publishers the ability to make their existing print subscriptions more valuable , by bundling the two together .
Imagine a scenario where existing Time or Sports Illustrated subs get the digital version free , or at a very steep discount .
No other magazine publisher has approval sell their own iTunes app subscriptions , either .
But Apple and Steve Jobs had made a point of reaching out to Time Inc. executives and editors before the iPad ’s launch , and encouraged them to build digital editions for the platform .
And Time Inc. executives tell me they had been communicating with Apple throughout the spring as they developed their subscription plans , and had been told that Apple approved .
So what happened ?
The Time Inc. insiders I talked to do n’t have a clear answer , presumably because they ca n’t get one from Apple itself .
One theory : Apple is concerned about the publisher ’s plans for the consumer data it would collect with each subscription .
A darker one : Steve Jobs loves the idea of digital magazines and wants to control the market for himself .
Time Inc. ’s official comment on the topic is oblique : “ We are working with a number of partners and potential partners and hope to offer in - app subscriptions some time later this year . ”
And so is Apple ’s : “ We have two platforms that we support for apps of all types , including magazines : HTML5 provides an open platform for developers to create and distribute whatever they want , and the App Store which is a curated platform offering customers the largest offering of apps for any mobile device with over 225,000 apps and 5 billion downloads . ”
Confusing the issue even more is that Apple already allows a handful of app makers –like Amazon ( AMZN ) and the Wall Street Journal , which like this Web site is owned by News Corp. ( NWS ) –to bill customers directly .
Amazon itself , meanwhile , has been sparring with publishers over subscriptions for its Kindle platform .
Jeff Bezos keeps most of the data and money that those transactions generate , too .
Industry trade magazine Folio : first reported on the Sports Illustrated app ’s rejection .
As far as I can tell , Time Inc. ’s competitors have yet to even submit subscription apps to Apple .
Hearst says it plans to sell iPad subscriptions to its Esquire and Oprah magazine apps when they debut later this year , but they ’re not really subscriptions in a conventional sense .
Instead , the publisher will sell a bundle of magazines as a one - time purchase , and iTunes will keep 30 percent of the purchase price and all of the billing data .
Hearst Magazines Executive Vice President John Loughlin says he ’s not happy about the arrangement , but says it will have to do for now .
He hopes that competition from the likes of Google ( GOOG ) , which has announced plans to sell its own magazine apps , will force Apple to relent .
Condé Nast , meanwhile , has n’t talked about subscription plans except to acknowledge that it has some .
Newly appointed President Bob Sauerberg says the company may have more to say about the matter within a month .
But others at the company say the problem is a vexing one .
One executive at the publisher offers this summary : “ Do n’t get me started . ”
By Phil Hart
July 28 , 2002
NewsWithViews.com
" We condemn the Dingley tariff law as a trust - breeding measure , skillfully devised to give the few favors which they do not deserve and to place upon the many burdens which they should not bear . "
Democrat Presidential Platform , 1900 .
" We favor an income tax as part of our revenue system , and we urge the submission of a constitutional amendment specifically authorizing Congress to levy and collect a tax upon individual and corporate incomes , to the end that wealth may bear its proportionate share of the burdens of the Federal Government . "
Democrat Presidential Platform , 1908 .
Prior to the income tax system of revenue generation for our national government , most of the monies collected in taxes for the support of government came from tariffs on imported goods .
At the national level , there was no tax on property .
In 1894 Congress had attempted to tax property by way of an income tax .
But this tax was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in the Pollock Case one year later .
The Court said that a tax on the net income from investment was the same as a tax on the underlying investment and was therefore an unapportioned direct tax .
Such a tax is not allowed by the Constitution .
In the year 1910 , the budget for the national government was $ 1,042,000,000 .
That ’s right , one billion dollars .
Remember this was before the private Federal Reserve System ( which is n’t federal and has no reserves ) when the dollar was backed by gold , and mortal man had yet to figure out how to inflate a gold - backed currency .
Also at this time there had been little success in breaking up the business monopolies that controlled much of American industry , and America was involved in a class struggle between the super rich and those who toiled for a living .
Others will remember this time for the struggle between capital and labor .
Labor thought it was going to level the playing field with an income tax which would tax only the accumulated wealth of the nation .
The purpose of the Income Tax Amendment ( the 16th Amendment ) was to bring tax relief to wage - earners .
That was the plan , but the income tax has not worked out this way .
This is evidenced by the fact that today large corporations , family trusts and foundations pay little or no tax while the middle class is drowning in taxation .
Nothing has changed .
The reality was in 1909 the very rich , with help of Republican Senator Aldrich of Rhode Island , gave in to the pressure to approve an income tax amendment to the Constitution .
But the Republicans did so in such a way that the entire income tax issue could later be manipulated to protect the wealth which was supposed to be taxed .
First they added wages to the mix while at the same time exempted them out .
Incrementally they inflated our money while lowering the exemption amount .
By WWII almost everyone was paying an income tax on their wages and salaries .
It was never intended to be this way .
The Protective Tariff
The purported purpose of the " protective tariff " was to protect American jobs from cheap foreign imports .
The theory went that if we charged a tariff on imported goods , then American companies could more easily compete , would sell more domestically made goods , and thereby be able to employ more people and pay them a higher wage .
This was the theory .
But the reality was far different .
The following is a quote from the Congressional Record .
Being debated by the United States Senate was the income tax issue .
Mr. HEFLIN .
" The great body of consumers struggling for the " wherewith " to buy the simple necessities of life are taxed , and heavily taxed , by this Aldrich bill , not only to raise revenues to meet the extravagant expenditures of the Republican party , but taxed for the benefit of those who profit by the Republican policy of high protection - those who furnish the Republicans with campaign funds with which to corrupt the ballot and debauch American manhood .
( Applause on Democratic side . )
When you , by tariff taxation , lay heavy burdens upon the things that this man needs and must have to make his wife and children comfortable and happy , you are working injury to this man and his family - you are standing between them and a worthy existence , and you are committing a crime against the American home .
Mr. Speaker , I want some one on that side of the House [ Republican ] to tell me the difference between the bold robber who holds you up on the highway and robs you of your money , and the government that does the bidding of a band of robbers who prescribes the conditions by which you shall come and surrender your money ?
I will tell you the difference :
One takes his chances and runs the risk of losing his own life in his efforts to rob others , while the other gang uses the governmental machinery to hold up and plunder the citizen and in the name of law commits its crime against humanity .
The Republican party regards the presence of a few money kings as evidence of American ’s prosperity ; but not so .
These are the product of governmental favoritism , the creatures of unjust tariff taxation .
The laws that made them millionaires have robbed millions of people of the necessities of life . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4421 ( 1909 ) .
What had happened with the protective tariff was that the tariffs were set much higher than what was needed to protect American jobs .
Instead the tariff was used to keep out foreign competition and keep the cost of American goods high such that those who owned the manufacturing companies could receive a windfall profit .
Those American businessmen , who managed to benefit financially from the high tariff , were positioned to buy up any smaller competitors within their industries , thus stifling domestic competition .
Great business monopolies were being created and American society was being transformed into a class society of the super rich and everybody else .
This sad state of affairs was no secret to anyone at that time .
With monopolies in place and a high protective tariff to keep foreign competition out , the wealth class of businessmen , who did n’t work but lived off of " incomes , " were in effect placing a tax on the goods they sold payable by the American people .
The tax was on consumption .
It was a tax on the necessities of life .
Quoting again from the Congressional Record :
Mr. BYRD .
" Its very name ( protective tariff ) means inequality of tax burden .
It means a tax upon consumption and not upon wealth , upon what one eats and wears and not upon his property ; it means that the citizen who can scarcely provide food and raiment for his wife and children contributes as much or more to the support of the Government as does the multimillionaire , and it means that the consumer is not only taxed for the support of his country , but is compelled to contribute five times more to swell the fortunes of millionaire manufacturers and trust manipulators . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4415 -6 ( 1909 ) .
The tariff was so high that the percentage of foreign goods sold in America represented only 5 % , or one twentieth , of the total goods sold .
With such a low level of imports , the government would not be collecting much in the way of imposts ( custom fees ) , and the tariff was therefore not maximizing the amount of revenue the government was collecting .
The people realized the purpose of the tariff was not to raise revenue for the government , but to make the friends of the Republican members of Congress rich .
The founding fathers and We The People gave Congress the power of taxation to run the government and to protect life , liberty and property .
Instead , Congress was using the tariff to insure that their businessmen friends got rich and had ample money left over to help them get re-elected .
Sound familiar ?
Congress can do such things only because the people let them .
At this time there were few barriers to the monopolization of American industry .
The Sherman Anti-Trust act was passed in 1890 but had yet to take its full effect .
Great combinations of companies were organized into trusts or holding corporations .
These represented the monopolization of individual industries .
With high tariffs to keep out foreign competition and with the ability to control an entire industry , domestic prices could be set much higher than that necessary to return a reasonable profit .
American businessman were getting extremely rich and the American people knew it .
According to Senator Borah of Idaho , himself a Republican , " Mr. Carnegie told us time out of mind that he could not run his mills or manufacturing plants without the protection which he demanded .
In view of the fact that he did run his mills after the protection was given , and accumulated wealth which he will not live long enough to distribute , it seems to me that the Republican party did make Mr. Carnegie . "
Mr. JAMES .
" Who is prepared to defend a system of taxation that requires a hod carrier , who for eight long hours each day winds his way to the dizzy heights of a lofty building with his load of mortar or brick , to pay as much to support this great Republic as John D. Rockefeller , whose fortune is so great that it staggers the imagination to contemplate it and whose property is in every city and state in the Republic and upon every sea protected by our flag .....
How men can defend a system of taxation in a republic which requires of the poor all of its taxes and exempts the rich absolutely I am totally unable to see .
In the everyday walks of life we expect more for church , for charity , for the uplifting of society , and education from those who are more prosperous , most wealthy , most able to give .
Yet the system of taxation advocated by the Republican party drives the taxgatherer to the tenement house and makes him skip the mansion , drives him to the poorhouse and lets him pass the palace ...
Mr. Speaker , no tax was ever more unjust , in my opinion , than a tax upon consumption , for all must eat to live , all must wear clothes , and when you place a tax upon what it takes to sustain one ( self ) , you announce the doctrine that all men share alike in the blessings of government , that all men prosper equally .
But we have only to look about us to see how false this doctrine of taxation is .
A tax upon what some people eat and what they wear would deny them the necessities of life , while others , rolling in opulence and accumulation their wealth into the millions , would not feel such a tax . "
44 Conc. Rec. 4398 ( 1909 ) .
Because the protective tariff tax was a tax on consumption , most people in America paid about the same amount of tax each year .
Whether you are rich or poor , you can only eat so much food and wear out so many clothes in a year ’s time .
But those who labored for a living had a larger appetite than those who clipped interest coupons off their bonds and did nothing else productive during the day .
In a sense , the working man paid as much or more for the support of government than the rich man .
The Pollock Rule and Apportionment
" The effect of the decision of the Pollock Case in 1895 was that taxes on income , if that income flowed from real or personal property , would be direct , and would , therefore , have to be apportioned among the states according to population .
The necessity for apportionment seemed to render such taxes impracticable , and as there was an increasing public sentient calling for the collection of revenue from such a source , [ Consequently ] the Sixteenth Amendment was proposed .... "
W. C. J. , Constitutional Law : Income Tax : Sixteenth Amendment , 4 California Law Journal 333 , 334-5 ( 1915 -6 ) .
The decision of the Pollock Court created the rule whereby anytime an income tax was levied on the net income from investment ( otherwise known as personal property ) that the tax was actually determined to be imposed on the underlying investment and was therefore a direct tax .
As a direct tax , the tax was required to be apportioned by the Constitution .
In my opinion , this ruling went too far as the financial impact on the underlying investment is minimal and barely measurable .
Apportionment among the states would require any income tax under The Pollock Rule to be geared to what the average person in Mississippi could afford , while the great incomes were actually located in New York .
Under the apportionment rule , the tax collected from each state would be allocated among the states according to the population of each state .
As such each person would be responsible for the same dollar amount of tax , on the average that is .
If in 1909 , all that could be reasonably afforded by the people of Mississippi was an income tax of say $ 50 per person annually , then this is the same amount a person in New York would pay , on the average .
Such a condition made the levying and collection of such a tax impractical , especially since the tax sought to reach unearned income , gain and profit , not wages .
There were not many people in Mississippi who had the former .
The people of America understood the word " income " to mean unearned income , gain and profit .
A tax on unearned income , gain and profit would inherently be an indirect tax subject only to the rule of uniformity as such a tax is avoidable .
An indirect tax would not have to be apportioned .
But this was impossible because the Supreme Court had determined that there was a linkage between an income tax on net income and the source of the income .
Unless this linkage could be severed , what was inherently an indirect income tax would have to be apportioned .
The Pollock Decision needed to be overturned by way of constitutional amendment to accomplish this end .
At that time , only a minority of Americans had an " income " as most people worked for wages .
We need to realize that the American people understood the purpose of any income tax amendment to the Constitution was to reach the gains , profits and unearned income of the country .
It was not the intention of the American people to tax the wages and salaries of the working man .
The American people were frustrated by the Supreme Court ’s Pollock Decision where taxes on income from real estate and personal property ( mostly stocks and bonds ) were ruled to be direct taxes and required by the Constitution to be apportioned among the several States .
This made it practically impossible to levy an income tax on the income from these sources since the wealth of the country had become so concentrated in New York and the New England states .
Mr. BARTLETT of Georgia .
" Therefore the decision , [ Pollock ] in effect , puts the dollar of the millionaire beyond the pale of being equitably taxed according to his wealth , unless a constitutional amendment be invoked ....
However , there should be some method by which the untold wealth and riches of this Republic may be compelled to bear their just burdens of government and contribute an equitable share of their incomes to supply the Treasury with needed taxes .
As I see it , the fairest of all taxes is of this nature [ a tax on gains , profits and unearned income ] , laid according to wealth , and its universal adoption would be a benign blessing to mankind .
The door is shut against it , and the people must continue to groan beneath the burdens of tariff taxes and robbery under the guise of law . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4414 ( 1909 ) .
As I see it , the fairest of all taxes is of this nature [ a tax on gains , profits and unearned income ] , laid according to wealth , and its universal adoption would be a benign blessing to mankind .
The door is shut against it , and the people must continue to groan beneath the burdens of tariff taxes and robbery under the guise of law . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4414 ( 1909 ) .
Election of Senators
During the time the income tax amendment was being debated , the American people had two constitutional remedies in mind to level the taxation playing field .
One was a constitutional amendment to overturn the obnoxious part of the Supreme Court ’s Pollock Decision regarding income taxes , and the other was direct election of U.S. Senators by the people .
Both amendments were endorsed by the Democrat Party platform in 1908 .
The ultimate purpose of both amendments was to reduce the protective tariff and to place an income tax upon accumulated wealth .
At the time the perception was that the United States Senate was a club for millionaires and was responsible for the injustices of the high protective tariff .
If you remember your high school civics , you will recall that the framers of the Constitution had the states legislatures elect the members of the United States Senate .
The idea was to have the states represented in the U.S. Senate as the national government was really just a federation of states with only 17 enumerated powers .
The People were represented in the lower house of Congress and the states were represented in the upper house of Congress .
But please realize , that those state legislators who choose the senators , were also elected representatives and were closer to the People than the members of the national House of Representatives .
Thus originally , U.S. Senators were selected by those elected representatives who should have had the closest contact with the People .
At the time of the income tax debates , the people did not think they were being represented in the U.S. Senate .
Since wealth is always organized , and the rest of us generally mind our own business , individuals who represented powerful financial interests were regularly appointed to the U.S. Senate .
The People of America had lost a measure of control of their own government .
These powerful financial interests , most of whom were Republicans , while claiming to be protecting the American working man , would engineer the protective tariff in such a way that their businessmen friends , who controlled the business monopolies , would rake in the profits .
Mr. ADAIR .
" The action of the Senate in dealing with the tariff emphasizes the fact that we have too many millionaires in that body and that a few high - priced funerals would be a good thing for the country .
As I am informed , there are now in the United States Senate 38 millionaires representing over $ 140,000,000 .
What can the people expect at their hands but legislation designed to aid the special - privileged class .
I surely hope , Mr. Speaker , that the day will soon come when Senators will be elected by a popular vote of the people , and that the United States Senate will no longer be the dumping ground for millionaires , who have nothing in common with the plain people ...
I hope the day will soon come when the United States Senate will be composed entirely of men who will represent more loyalty and less wealth , more patriotism and less plutocracy ; men who love their country more than their money .
When that body is so made up , such tariff bills as the one we are now considering will never emanate from that end of the Capitol . "
44 Conc. Rec. 4435 ( 1909 ) .
There is a belief among those who are a part of the freedom movement in America that there was some sinister motive in the purposes of the 17th Amendment ( direct election of U.S. Senators by the People ) .
The allegation is that when the state legislatures selected the members of the Senate , that this gave the states representation in Congress making us a constitutional republic .
The fear is that now we no longer have the states represented at the federal level , but instead we have degenerated from a constitutional republic into a democracy .
Remember a democracy is two foxes and a chicken voting on what ’s for dinner .
I disagree .
The purposes of the 17th Amendment was to remedy a problem .
The Senate had become a plutocracy and was exploiting the people .
It was a " House of Lords . "
It legalized plunder on behalf of the upper class of society through the protective tariff .
What may have been a good design on the part of the framers had become perverted by the love of money .
The 17th Amendment was the Peoples ’ attempt to bring fairness back into the running of government .
The Purpose of the Sixteenth Amendment
Nowhere in American society , in government , nor in our Constitution were one class of citizens given the right to place a tax on another class of citizens .
But this is the effect of what was happening with the protective tariff .
This situation was similar to that of the feudal system of medieval England , where the king would grant an exclusive license to one of his friends to operate a particular business in a protected geographical area .
Such an exclusive license allowed this friend of the king to charge an excessive price for his product or service and thereby earn excessive profits .
In effect , the king ’s friend was taxing the subjects of the king with the king ’s permission .
King Solomon said " There is nothing new under the sun . "
Mr. BORAH .
" Mr. President , to illustrate further , our system of taxation had its origin in the period of feudalism , when the tax was laid upon those , and those only , who could not resist the payment of it .
That was the first tax under our present taxing system .
The plan then was , as stated by a noted writer - and it was earnestly argued in those days - that it was a proper distribution of the burdens of government that the clergy should pray for the government , the nobles fight for it , and the common people should pay the taxes .
The first fruits of that system , and the first modification of that system , were had during that economic and moral convulsion which shook the moral universe from center to circumference - the French revolution .
Historians dispute today as to the cause of the French revolution .
If you would know the cause , you will not find it in the days transpiring with the fall of the Bastile ; you will not find it in the days when Robespierre , drunk with human blood , leaned against the pillars of the assembly , as he listened to his own doom .
It is back of that .
It is in those immediate years preceding , when the burden of government had become intolerable , when the stipends paid to the miserable satellites of royalty had become criminal ; when bureaucracy reached out into every part of the nation and bore down upon the energies and the industries of the common man ; and when , Mr. President , 85 percent of that fearful burden was collected from the peasantry of France , which forced them from their little homes and farms into the sinks and dives of Paris , where the French revolution was born .
The history of taxation is well worthy of the attention of those who believe that in order to maintain a republic , we must always have at the base of our civilization an intelligent , free , and , to some extent , an unburdened citizenship ... "
44 Conc. Rec. 3988 -9 ( 1909 ) .
At the time the income tax amendment was being debated ( 1909 ) , most of the wealth of the country was located in New York City and the New England states .
Back then it was the Democrat Party that stood for principle .
When the Republicans would mouth their desire to protect the American worker with the protective tariff , the Democrats would call a spade a spade .
In 1892 , the Republican party platform stated :
" We reaffirm the American doctrine of protection .
We call attention to its growth abroad .
We maintain that the prosperous condition of our country is largely due to the wise revenue legislation of the last Republican Congress .
We believe that all articles which can not be produced in the United States , except luxuries , should be admitted free of duty , and that on all imports coming into competition with the products of American labor , there should be levied duties equal to the difference between wages abroad and at home . "
Also in 1892 , the platform for the Democrat Party was more honest and had this to say :
" We denounce Republican protection as a fraud - a robbery of the great majority of the American people for the benefit of the few .
We declare it to be a fundamental principle of the Democrat Party that the Federal Government has no constitutional power to impose and collect tariff duties except for the purposes of revenue only , and we demand that the collection of such taxes shall be limited to the necessities of the Government when honestly and economically administered .
We denounce the McKinley tariff law enacted by the Fifty - first Congress as the culminating atrocity of class legislation ... "
In 1896 the Democrat Party platform voiced a similar objection to the protective tariff .
The 1900 Democrat Party platform was more direct :
" We condemn the Dingley tariff law as a trust - breeding measure , skillfully devised to give the few favors which they do not deserve and to place upon the many burdens which they should not bear .
Private monopolies are indefensible and intolerable .
They destroy competition , control the price of all material and of the finished product , thus robbing both producer and consumer ....
They are the most efficient means yet devised for appropriating the fruits of industry to the benefit of the few at the expense of the many , and unless their insatiate greed is checked , all wealth will be aggregated in a few hands and the Republic destroyed .
The dishonest paltering with the trust evil by the Republican party in state and national platforms is conclusive proof of the truth of the charge that trusts are the illegitimate product of Republican policies ; that they are fostered by Republican laws ; and that they are protected by Republican administration for campaign subscriptions and political support . "
As a case in point we can quote again from the Congressional Record to determine what effect the protective tariff had on a specific industry .
Mr. BYRD .
" Well , does my friend know that every time a dollar of tax is voted upon any article imported into this country that the domestic producer of such article adds the same as an extra profit on his product ?
This was once denied by the advocates of protection , but it was conceded by the most stalwart Republican Senators in the recent great tariff debate .
I would like for him to tell the country wherein is to be found equality of taxation under such a system .
One man is not only taxed for the support of the Government , but for the benefit of his fellow - man .
While he pays $ 1 to the Government , he is compelled to pay from five to seven times this amount to his neighbor who is engaged in a manufacturing enterprise .
For instance , the American farmer consumes $ 25,000,000 worth of agricultural implements annually .
The tax thereon is 20 per cent .
The Government in 1907 collected only $ 3,600 in revenue ( tariff collected on imported agricultural implements ) , but according to admissions of Republican Senators the 20 per cent Dingley rate was levied in favor of the manufacturer on the $ 25,000,000 consumed at home , amounted to a tax of $ 5,000,000 .
So the American farmer , while he paid $ 3,600 to his Government , was compelled to donate $ 5,000,000 to the agricultural - implement trust . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4416 ( 1909 ) .
Congressman Byrd testified on July 12 , 1909 that if Congress cut the tariff in half , that imports would increase four fold thereby doubling the amount of money the government collected in tariff revenue .
This would have resulted on an aggregate decrease of $ 7,000,000,000 in the cost of all consumer goods .
Obviously the greater goal was not to generate revenue for the government , but to increase the wealth of those who supported the Republican Party .
Mr. BYRD .
" If the rich are to be taxed by these measures to run the Government , and the poor are to be taxed by high protection to enrich the manufacturers and trusts , then , in the name of reason , what good can you expect from this legislation ?
The income tax is right , and it is the only fair means to raise revenue to run the Government , and when it is adopted , it is to be hoped that the American people will raise in rebellion against your infamous protective system which is designed for no other purpose than to enrich the rich . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4417 ( 1909 ) .
" There is no occasion for surprise in the fact that Senator Daniel and Senator Bailey propose as a substitute for this [ legislation ] impost taxes that would not compel the people to pay $ 6.50 to the protected manufacturers for every dollar collected at the Custom House . "
Mr. Aldrich ’s Surprise , ( editorial ) , N.Y. Times , page 8 , April 21 , 1909 .
At this time in history , our government ’s primary function was the protection of life , wealth and property .
Mr. Johnson of North Dakota said : " The largest expenditures of government are for the protection of life and property . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4960 ( 1909 ) .
In talking about whether or not the American People would give the Congress the power to tax incomes , Congressman Cox , from Indiana said , " But the people , if treated fairly , with uniform taxation , readily yield this power to the Government for the protection which the Government gives in return to the people . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4421 ( 1909 ) .
Adam Smith , in his famous book entitled " The Wealth of Nations , " upon which our founders heavily relied when they wrote the Declaration of Independence and our Constitution , espoused this same general concept of government .
Smith states , " The first duty of the sovereign , that of protecting the society from the violence and invasion of other independent societies ....
The second duty of the sovereign , that of protecting , as far as possible , every member of the society from the injustice or oppression of every other member of it .... "
Adam Smith , The Wealth of Nations , book V , 468- 73 , 1776 ( Prometheus Books , Amherst , New York , 1991 ) .
Since those Americans who had accumulated great wealth , benefitted more from government that those who had little , it was logical to assume that the wealthy should pay more for government than the poor as the former enjoyed a greater benefit .
Mr. COX .
" It is not my intention to belittle wealth , but , on the other hand , I believe it should be the duty of all to uphold it where it is honestly procured .
The idea that men like Carnegie , now the holder of more that $ 300,000,000 worth of the bonds of the United States steel trust , escape federal taxation is indeed absurd .... and then , to realize that all of these enormous fortunes are escaping their just and proportionate share of taxation while the people themselves are staggering under our present system of indirect taxation , it is no wonder to me they cry for relief .
If it be the determination of the so - called " business interests " in this country to maintain an enormous navy at a cost of hundreds of millions of dollars annually , as well as an army , to protect and defend their various business interests , I insist that this part of the wealth of the country ought to stand its proportionate share of taxation , and I know of no way to compel them to do it as justly and equitably as an income tax .
( Loud applause ) " 44 Cong. Rec. 4424 ( 1909 ) .
It would be impossible to accumulate a lot of wealth if it were not for the institution of civil government .
What if we lived in anarchy ?
How much would your stocks and bonds be worth ?
How much would your vacation home be worth that was hundreds of miles away from where you live ?
These things would be worth nothing .
And what about your overseas investments in oil wells in Africa ?
If there were no United States navy , air force , or army to protect them , these investments would also be worthless .
So those who have accumulated a level of wealth beyond what they can personally protect have received an extra benefit from civil government .
In this case , the amount of benefit can be measured by the amount of property that has been accumulated .
A tax on the income of this property would fairly accurately coincide with the degree of the benefit received .
This was the purpose of the income tax , to tax income of property such that the property paid for the support of government in proportion to the benefit that property received from the existence of civil government .
Sound reasonable ?
There is also an element of charity inherent in an income tax system that seeks to make property pay for the support of government .
The charity involves property that is not productive and not producing an income .
This would be the family farm that was just inherited by beneficiaries who where unable to work it for whatever reason .
The farm would pay no tax as it earned no income , thus allowing the new owners to keep the farm and not loose it to the tax man .
Anything within the exterior boundaries of a country , whether it be a person or property , benefits from the protection offered by civil government .
The amount of protection property received was directly proportional to the value of the property .
A rich man who owned $ 10,000,000 in real estate received a greater benefit than a poor man who owned none .
Prior to the income tax , there was no national system of taxation that taxed the rich man for the benefit his property received from government .
The People of America sought to remedy this situation by adding to the revenue collection system of government an income tax .
The argument was , since wealth benefitted from the existence of government , wealth should pay for this benefit .
It was the intent of the American People to impose an income tax on the net income from accumulated wealth .
At the time , the American people understood the word " income " to mean what we call today " unearned income " and gains and profits from business .
The common use of the word " income " did not include the wages of a working man .
The argument was at the time that the poor and middle classes were carrying the burden of government under the protective tariff system , which taxed consumption , while the great wealth of the country , which was currently untaxed , ought to be taxed by an income tax .
An income tax on the wages and salaries of the American worker was the farthest thing from their minds .
The latter never even entered the debate , as the entire purpose of the income tax amendment was to bring tax relief to wage earners .
" The poor man does not regard his wages or salary as ‘ an income ’ . "
Governor A.E. Wilson ( Kentucky ) on the Income Tax Amendment , N.Y. Times , part 5 , page 13 , February 26 , 1911 .
Mr. HEFLIN .
" An income tax seeks to reach the unearned wealth of the country and to make it pay its share . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4420 ( 1909 ) .
Mr. HEFLIN .
" But sir , when you tax a man on his income , it is because his property is productive .
He pays out of his abundance because he has got the abundance .
If to pay his income tax is a misfortune , it is because he has the misfortune to have the income upon which it is paid . "
44 Cong. Rec. 4423 ( 1909 ) .
" It will doubtless be argued that the adoption of this amendment will open a way to the curbing of swollen and ill - gotten fortunes , or at least will compel the owners to pay a larger share of the expenses of government then they now do , and that the poor will be relieved of taxes in the same proportion . "
Raleigh C. Minor , The Proposed Income Tax Amendment to the Federal Constitution , 15 Virginia Law Register 737 , 751 ( 1910 ) .
When the cries of the people got so great , to the point that some were talking of revolution , the Republicans finally yielded and entertained the idea of an income tax .
Mr. Byrd , " You are compelled , in order to save your political scalps , to make his [ Democratic presidential candidate Bryan , 1898 ] favorite theory the law .
It is indeed , a bitter pill , but you know that something must be done to assuage the increasing wrath of the people on account of the grievous wrong that is now being perpetrated by the tariff ... " ibid.
4416 .
Conclusion
Gearing a national income tax to the lowest common denominator is impractical .
There would have been three alternatives for Congress at this time .
The first would be to do nothing , which is what the Republicans preferred , they liked the high protective tariff system .
The second would be to modify the direct taxation clauses of the Constitution to provide for a " direct " tax on incomes freed from apportionment .
And the third would be to provide for an income tax of an " indirect " nature subject only to the rule of uniformity .
What was done was the latter as the American People sought only to overturn the offensive parts of Pollock through the constitutional amendment process .
Thus it is well settled by the historical record that the purpose of the 16th Amendment was to overturn the Pollock Decision by way of a constitutional amendment .
The purpose of this Amendment was not broader nor narrower than that .
The Pollock Decision dealt with net income from real estate and personal property .
The Pollock Decision did not deal with taxes on the gross revenue of a natural person .
Having read all the Congressional debates on the income tax amendment , I can say that the intent of the Congress in presenting the several States with the 16th Amendment was only to overturn Pollock .
As the Stanton Court 240 U.S. 103 ( 1916 ) said , " We are here dealing solely with the restriction imposed by the 16th Amendment .... from taking the income tax out of the class of indirect [ taxes ] , to which it generically belongs , and putting it in the class of direct [ taxes ] , to which it would not otherwise belong ... "
Taxes on net income are inherently indirect , taxes on gross income are inherently direct .
The People ’s intention in supporting the 16th Amendment was honorable and justified .
Unfortunately , its ambiguous terms would have offended a man like Thomas Jefferson who believed that government should be " bound with the chains of the Constitution . "
We are blessed in that the Supreme Court did not construe the 16th Amendment in such a way as its critics had feared and as Senator Aldrich must have hoped .
Both in the Brushaber Case and in the Stanton Case the Supreme Court held that the 16th Amendment created no new class of taxes , and that income taxes ( on unearned income , gain or profit from business activity ) were inherently indirect taxes .
Whereas income taxes on wages and salaries are direct and required by the Constitution to be apportioned .
Thus , the 16th Amendment did not give Congress any new power , nor did it create a new class of taxation , nor did it grant to Congress power to impose any type of direct tax without apportionment .
" We the People are the rightful masters , both of Congress and the Courts , not to overthrow the Constitution , but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution . " -- Abraham Lincoln
I obviously wanted to be 100 % sure about this before I posted a follow up post , but before I go into the details , I ’d like you all to know about how we operate over here …
Yes , BGR runs rumors and information that is not always completely confirmed .
That is part of the game we are in .
What we and other quality sites do is research , confirm , and make our best editorial judgements before running information that is not yet confirmed .
Over the past 5 years , I ’ve had more exclusives in the mobile field than anyone or any site on the entire planet , and my accuracy rate has been ridiculously high .
I ’d guess above 95 % .
It ’s a knack , a gut feeling , a judgment call that you sometimes make when you are sharing valuable information that no one has ever reported on before .
There have been countless , and I do mean countless things other fine writers at BGR and I have walked away from entirely .
Not ridiculous tips like “ the iPhone 7 has been released on Sprint and you can only buy it at Best Buy ” , but rather high quality photos , or videos — things very hard to fake .
And we walk away .
One recent example in memory actually is the Xbox Kinect .
We had that exclusive story sent to us as an anonymous tip a day or two before Engadget published it , revealing it to the world .
Someone sent to us a photo of the then unheard of motion - controlled Xbox accessory , and lightly detailed it for us .
They worked at an ad agency and were filming this promo piece , so they snapped a quick photo and shot it over to us .
We could n’t independently confirm something so amazingly cool like a brand new way to experience and play video games , so we passed on running the story .
Since we were the tipster ’s favorite site , he sent it to us first , but still wanting to share the information , he sent it to Engadget who then ran the story .
We ’re not saying Engadget did a poor job from an editorial viewpoint because they might have confirmed the story with a source at Microsoft , but we specifically could n’t , so we passed .
That is just one example of hundreds on how journalists and reporters make decisions on whether to go with a story or not , and it is always better to be safe than sorry .
Our reputation is n’t worth a small or large exclusive .
There is no reason to burn our readers for a cheap uptick in traffic for a day or two .
It is not how I or we operate , and never will be .
On to the Steve Jobs emails .
Jason Burford , someone who we have never worked with in the past , emailed us and said that he had a pretty interesting email conversation with Steve Jobs and wanted to share it with us , but wanted to be compensated .
He sent us the email headers and we had some of our independent tech guys verify the email header information and then inform us whether they were legitimate .
Their response was yes , that they were legitimate , and that the entire thread would be extremely hard to fake , if not impossible .
After speaking with Jason and getting more background , I decided to run that story .
There was an error in my write up where the last line in the article was written to be said by Steve Jobs , when in fact it was Jason who emailed that in reply to Steve Jobs .
The last line was a huge mistake on my part .
Jason emailed me probably 8 times over the course of an hour .
He then started emailing Michael and Andrew to have them get a hold of me to correct that last quote ’s attribution to Steve Jobs when it should have been attributed to Jason .
His emails were stuck in Postini , my spam filter , and I did n’t get to see them until Michael and Andrew both forwarded me his emails telling us that last line was incorrect .
But that still does n’t change Apple from telling Fortune and Engadget that this exchange was n’t with Steve Jobs and was fake , right ?
Well , I personally could n’t give a damn if this email was with Steve Jobs himself or not .
What I care about is whether this was with Steve Jobs ’ email box , one that is obviously monitored by a bunch of employees at Apple , either in customer service or PR , or both .
So , is it possible that Steve Jobs himself did not write those emails to Jason Burford ?
Without a doubt .
Is it possible that these replies were fabricated , and did n’t come from someone at Apple sending emails to Jason Burford from Steve Jobs ’ email address sjobs@apple.com ?
No .
I believe 100 % these emails are real , as I have been given access to Jason ’s Google Apps email client and verified those headers to be legitimate , undoctored , and kosher .
The replies were all real , the timestamps were all matched up , and the thread was consistent .
This was not faked in any way whatsoever .
Then there is also the logical part of me that would say , “ why ? ”
Why would someone waste so much of their time to have their name involved in something so stupid when they are lying about it ?
To the extent of having their parent ’s company now dragged into this , who both probably had no idea of this email exchange ?
Let ’s go over it one more time … someone who wanted to remain 100 % anonymous and only asked to be paid a nominal fee of a couple hundred dollars lied and completely made up this entire thing ?
Someone who showed me in his AT&T call records more than two calls from Apple representatives ( Texas phone numbers , confirmed to be Apple Customer Relations ) on the exact dates he said they called trying to resolve the situation after he had emailed Steve Jobs ?
Someone who repeatedly emailed me and the BGR staff to correct the last line in my story since it was n’t accurate ?
Someone who has now had his name revealed to the public via a tasteless article from AppleInsider , and is now being called by reporters non -stop asking about this article and whether his exchange is true or not ?
They still would n’t admit this was fake ?
No , you know why ?
Because it was n’t fake .
Steve Jobs might not have personally sent those messages , but there is n’t any amount of spin Apple PR honcho Steve Dowling could throw on at this point because those email messages came from Steve Jobs ’ email box , and that ’s all I or Jason care about .
And for the record , Apple PR has shockingly not responded for comment .
Here are the undoctored email headers if you ’re interested .
I copied them from Jason ’s Gmail myself :
Delivered - To : jj@burfordadvertising.com
Received : by 10.223.120.9 with SMTP id b9cs118020 far ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:24 - 0700 ( PDT )
Received : by 10.142.119.26 with SMTP id r26mr9657517wfc.257.1277872043323 ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:23 - 0700 ( PDT )
Return - Path :
Received : from mail - out3.apple.com ( mail-out3.apple.com [ 17.254.13.22 ] )
by mx.google.com with ESMTP id h16si9548774rvn.123.2010.06.29.21.27.22 ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:23 - 0700 ( PDT )
Received - SPF : pass ( google.com : domain of sjobs@apple.com designates 17.254.13.22 as permitted sender ) client - ip=17.254.13.22 ;
Authentication - Results : mx.google.com ; spf=pass ( google.com : domain of sjobs@apple.com designates 17.254.13.22 as permitted sender ) smtp.mail=sjobs@apple.com
Received : from relay14.apple.com ( relay14.apple.com [ 17.128.113.52 ] )
by mail - out3.apple.com ( Postfix ) with ESMTP id 676679AB7A09
for ; Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:22 - 0700 ( PDT )
X- AuditID : 11807134-b7b53ae000005755-28-4c2ac7aa0aef
Received : from elliott.apple.com ( elliott.apple.com [ 17.151.62.13 ] )
by relay14.apple.com ( Apple SCV relay ) with SMTP id 35.55.22357.AA7CA2C4 ; Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:22 - 0700 ( PDT )
MIME - version : 1.0
Content - type : multipart / alternative ;
boundary = ” Boundary_( ID_8h2LEWuwqrtbxFRQqYCapQ ) ”
Received : from [ 17.248.4.101 ] ( wave - dhcp101.apple.com [ 17.248.4.101 ] )
by elliott.apple.com
( Sun Java ( tm ) System Messaging Server 6.3-7.04 ( built Sep 26 2008 ; 32bit ) )
with ESMTPSA id for
jj@burfordadvertising.com ; Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:22 - 0700 ( PDT )
Subject : Re : No Fix
References :
From : Steve Jobs
X - Mailer : iPhone Mail ( 8A293 )
In - reply - to :
Message -id :
Date : Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:26:39 - 0700
To : Jason Burford
X - Brightmail - Tracker : AAAAAQAAAZE=
Delivered - To : jj@burfordadvertising.com
Received : by 10.223.120.9 with SMTP id b9cs117138 far ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 20:45:27 - 0700 ( PDT )
Received : by 10.142.3.19 with SMTP id 19mr9139757wfc.200.1277869526323 ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 20:45:26 - 0700 ( PDT )
Return - Path :
Received : from mail - out4.apple.com ( mail-out4.apple.com [ 17.254.13.23 ] )
by mx.google.com with ESMTP id e9si10331229rva.8.2010.06.29.20.45.25 ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 20:45:26 - 0700 ( PDT )
Received - SPF : pass ( google.com : domain of sjobs@apple.com designates 17.254.13.23 as permitted sender ) client - ip=17.254.13.23 ;
Authentication - Results : mx.google.com ; spf=pass ( google.com : domain of sjobs@apple.com designates 17.254.13.23 as permitted sender ) smtp.mail=sjobs@apple.com
Received : from relay16.apple.com ( relay16.apple.com [ 17.128.113.55 ] )
by mail - out4.apple.com ( Postfix ) with ESMTP id 695D3A161FF5
for ; Tue , 29 Jun 2010 20:45:25 - 0700 ( PDT )
X- AuditID : 11807137-b7b43ae000004f8e-fe-4c2abdd50f50
Received : from earhart.apple.com ( aldrin.apple.com [ 17.150.10.19 ] )
by relay16.apple.com ( Apple SCV relay ) with SMTP id 12 .
A8.20366.5DDBA2C4 ; Tue , 29 Jun 2010 20:45:25 - 0700 ( PDT )
Date : Tue , 29 Jun 2010 20:45:21 - 0700
From : Steve Jobs
Subject : Re : No Fix
In - reply - to :
To : Jason Burford
Message -id :
MIME - version : 1.0
X - Mailer : Apple Mail ( 2.1081 )
Content - type : multipart / alternative ;
boundary = ” Boundary_(ID_Fye2Er1bSzctPHA4XIDCAA ) ”
References :
X - Brightmail - Tracker : AAAAAQAAAZE=
Delivered - To : jj@burfordadvertising.com
Received : by 10.223.120.9 with SMTP id b9cs118020 far ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:24 - 0700 ( PDT )
Received : by 10.142.119.26 with SMTP id r26mr9657517wfc.257.1277872043323 ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:23 - 0700 ( PDT )
Return - Path :
Received : from mail - out3.apple.com ( mail-out3.apple.com [ 17.254.13.22 ] )
by mx.google.com with ESMTP id h16si9548774rvn.123.2010.06.29.21.27.22 ;
Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:23 - 0700 ( PDT )
Received - SPF : pass ( google.com : domain of sjobs@apple.com designates 17.254.13.22 as permitted sender ) client - ip=17.254.13.22 ;
Authentication - Results : mx.google.com ; spf=pass ( google.com : domain of sjobs@apple.com designates 17.254.13.22 as permitted sender ) smtp.mail=sjobs@apple.com
Received : from relay14.apple.com ( relay14.apple.com [ 17.128.113.52 ] )
by mail - out3.apple.com ( Postfix ) with ESMTP id 676679AB7A09
for ; Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:22 - 0700 ( PDT )
X- AuditID : 11807134-b7b53ae000005755-28-4c2ac7aa0aef
Received : from elliott.apple.com ( elliott.apple.com [ 17.151.62.13 ] )
by relay14.apple.com ( Apple SCV relay ) with SMTP id 35.55.22357.AA7CA2C4 ; Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:22 - 0700 ( PDT )
MIME - version : 1.0
Content - type : multipart / alternative ;
boundary = ” Boundary_( ID_8h2LEWuwqrtbxFRQqYCapQ ) ”
Received : from [ 17.248.4.101 ] ( wave - dhcp101.apple.com [ 17.248.4.101 ] )
by elliott.apple.com
( Sun Java ( tm ) System Messaging Server 6.3-7.04 ( built Sep 26 2008 ; 32bit ) )
with ESMTPSA id for
jj@burfordadvertising.com ; Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:27:22 - 0700 ( PDT )
Subject : Re : No Fix
References :
From : Steve Jobs
X - Mailer : iPhone Mail ( 8A293 )
In - reply - to :
Message -id :
Date : Tue , 29 Jun 2010 21:26:39 - 0700
To : Jason Burford
X - Brightmail - Tracker : AAAAAQAAAZE=
BGR Media Contact :
Marigo Mihalos
mmihalos@corp.mail.com
646.524.2637
After establishing the indispensable criteria for buying a land , we now see some useful tips to buy the most suitable space to build your new home .
Save or get a loan to be able to request a deposit .
In the latter case , the seller of the land may ask you for an amount between 20 % and 50 % of the total value of the property .
Another solution is to apply for a specific construction loan or a home mortgage loan .
Decide the area where you would like to buy land .
This is probably the most challenging step of all and , if you still do n’t know where you want to buy it , try looking for land online .
Thanks to the web , in fact , you can get a more precise idea of ​ ​the types of properties available and their prices .
Mark the properties to be viewed on a map .
Once you have identified the properties to visit , mark the lots on a map so as to create a precise path of the land to see .
This way , you can organize your visits more easily .
Get in touch with the seller and prepare a list of questions to ask them .
For example , it would be advisable to ask him if there is a source of water , why he sells , if the services arrive , if there are restrictions or if there are already pre-existing structures on the property .
The cost of obtaining a well and then installing a septic system largely depends on the type of soil , and the final cost of ownership can vary considerably .
Look carefully at the land to understand immediately what you like and what not of the property you intend to buy .
Check carefully if there are roads or rights of passage , identify the presence of possible wells and / or waterways and find the boundaries of the ground so as to immediately assess whether these are respected by the neighbors .
The neighborhood is another point to be carefully evaluated .
Get to know the neighbors and talk to them about the property and the area you are interested in .
In this way you will have a more objective and disinterested vision of the land you are about to buy .
Get all the bureaucratic and tax information on the ground .
Before buying , check the last time the land was valued and at what price it was sold .
Then check the cadastral map of the area : will the lands near yours be built or will they always remain low in development ?
Then ask what permits it takes to build and if , for example , there is any approved project in that area .
Check the property evaluation .
Generally a plot of land is paid per acre , therefore if the area is estimated to be 20 % more than its real value , you will also pay 20 % more than necessary .
Try to get an accurate picture of the boundaries of the terrain .
Most people believe that the boundaries of the grounds follow the stone walls and are perpendicular to the road .
In reality , however , this is not the case because the borders are divided in the strangest ways and they can follow even very unpredictable lines .
For this reason , ask the opinion of a geologist for an expert opinion and ask for the intervention of an expert to make the measurements .
In addition , it will be good to have a lot plan released by the seller , in which these boundaries are clearly visible .
Make an offer to the seller .
If you have finally decided that the land you have chosen is the ideal one to build your new home , make an offer .
Always offer the minimum possible but without discrediting the value of the land .
The lower you stay with the price , the more you will have the opportunity to bargain in the event of a counter - proposal .
Finally , always remember that properties usually sell for 85 % of their required initial value and therefore , with good bargaining , you could really make a great deal !
The Environmental Report of the Soil
A land is always inserted in a specific environmental context that influences it .
To meet the need of those who want to know additional environmental information on the land in which they are interested , on Immobilgreen .
it it is possible to request the Environmental Report of the Land ( RAT ) .
It is a relationship , with maps and data , based on national databases concerning geology , seismicity , landslide and flood hazard , climate , geomorphology and many other aspects concerning the environment in which a land falls .
sell or buy .
If you have land for sale , you can add the RAT to your ad and make it available to prospective buyers to provide more information about your property .
US officials laid out Monday a detailed timeline of how BP plans to permanently plug the Gulf of Mexico oil well , saying the all - important “ static kill ” would begin in one week ’s time .
By Saturday or Sunday at the latest , a final 2,000 feet ( 600 meters ) of casing will be inserted into the bottom of the relief well to strengthen it so it can withstand the long - awaited “ static kill ” intact .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some 12 hours after the cement has set , engineers will begin the crucial operation to pump mud and cement down through the cap on the damaged well , which finally cut off the flow of crude earlier this month .
“ That ’s an attempt to fill the inside of the well from the top down and then cement to secure it and make it stable , ” explained Thad Allen , the retired Coast Guard admiral leading the US response to the disaster .
While it is hoped this operation can effectively plug the well , the “ static kill ” will be followed five days later by a “ bottom kill ” operation just to make sure .
Engineers will drill through the relief well into the annulus at the bottom of the damaged well .
The annulus is the area between the pipe and the outside of the well bore .
The “ static kill ” can only plug the area inside the pipe , while the “ bottom kill ” also aims to cement over the annulus to be certain the oil reservoir is permanently sealed .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ So when we enter the well bore of the Macondo well we will first fill the annulus full of mud and then cement it in , ” said Allen .
“ When that cement dries then we will go back and drill through it again and into the pipe .
“ We will ascertain at that point whether or not the top kill or static kill have actually killed it or whether we have to do more .
That ’s when we will know absolutely that the well ’s been killed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
If all goes according to plan , the leaking well could be plugged once and for all during the second week of August .
If upper estimates above four million barrels are confirmed , the disaster that began on April 20 with an explosion on the BP - leased Deepwater Horizon rig , will be the biggest accidental spill ever .
Show full PR text
EADS vehicle data recorder system to automatically document vital mission data such as position , data link and vehicle usage status .
EADS integrated communication system for UHF or VHF bands including a mobile Tetrapol base station for radio coverage out of a range of other networks
EADS integrated mobile command , control and information system for seamless relay of commands through all levels .
EADS jamming system for greater security , flexibility and scalability .
With the LAPV 6.X Concept , Mercedes - Benz has created the ultimate " go anywhere " vehicle .
Mercedes - Benz is setting the new standard in armoured patrol vehicles showing the Mercedes - Benz G - Wagon Light Armoured Patrol Vehicle 6.X CONCEPT at the recent EUROSATORY 2010 event .
Improving on its cousin , the LAPV 5.4 , the new Mercedes - Benz LAPV 6.X Concept now boasts greater agility , higher protection and a greater payload capacity .
Weight has been minimised to increase agility while still not compromising on protection and payload capacity .
Running a high torque common rail diesel engine , the 6.X is capable of 150 km / h speeds while being able to transport 1.3 tonnes of cargo with its impressive payload .
The monocoque full steel body provides ballistic protection and sits upon a compact 2850 mm wheelbase .
This gives an astounding angle of approach / departure of 50 ?/ 45 ? for increased mobility and off road performance .
The vehicle 's modular armour plate system allows damaged plates to be removed quickly and be replaced with new or extra plates , and includes a mine deflector plate on the vehicles floor .
The variable lift front and rear coil - over air shock absorbers which are adjustable while driving , help lift the LAPV 6.X to an unprecedented 450 mm of ground clearance .
Coupled with the performance hydraulic braking system and four ventilated disc brakes no up or down hill slope will pose a problem .
Based on the G - Class 's proven axles , the LAPV 6.X ensures thrilling off - road capabilities and low drive train wear .
An individual tyre inflation system is also able to detect ground conditions and adjust accordingly for best traction .
Mercedes - Benz in collaboration with EADS , a leading supplier of military technology brings a host of innovative high performance systems to the LAPV 6.X .
This includes :
Health ( PDF ) ( Courtesy of Gari Clifford .
Used with permission . )
Clifford , G. , et al .
" Medical information systems : A foundation for healthcare technologies in developing countries . "
Video and Slides by anonymous MIT student
Blaya et al .
" A web - based laboratory information system to improve quality of care of tuberculosis patients in Peru : functional requirements , implementation and usage statistics . "
Video and Slides by anonymous MIT student
Anantraman et al .
" Handheld computers for rural healthcare : Experiences from research concept to global operations . "
Video and Slides by Crystal Mao
Sherwani et al .
" HealthLine : Speech - based Access to Health Information by Low- literate Users . "
Video and Slides by anonymous MIT student
Fraser et al .
" An information system and medical record to support HIV treatment in rural Haiti . "
Video and Slides by Clark Freifeld
Malkin , " Technologies for clinically relevant physiological measurements in developing countries . "
Here you 'll find my latest AAPL estimates based on my financial model of Apple Inc 's business .
This should not be considered financial advice , do your own diligence , no guarantee from past performance , and all of that , etc .
The idea is for you to figure out as much as you can , and when stuck on something just ask me .
Enjoy !
The passage of financial reform is a good time to ask how much money we should expect to hand to the banks through our efforts to " help " homeowners .
The basic story is very straightforward to anyone with more common sense than a Washington policy wonk .
The main homeowner helper story is of course President Obama 's Home Affordability Modification Programme ( Hamp ) .
This programme involves payments from the government to mortgage servicers and investors in exchange for lowering mortgage interest rates , and occasionally , principal reductions .
Unfortunately , in the vast majority of cases the homeowner does not end up keeping the home even after entering Hamp .
In most cases they drop out of a trial modification because they are unable to meet their payments even after receiving a lower interest rate or principal write - down .
This means that they do not get a permanent loan modification and end up losing their home .
Through May , the treasury department reported that 340,000 of the 1.5 million homeowners who been offered trial modifications had received permanent modifications .
Almost as many , 300,000 homeowners , never even started on the trial after it was offered .
Roughly the same number of homeowners had their trial modifications cancelled before being offered a permanent modification .
Of course even getting a permanent modification does not guarantee that a homeowner will keep their home .
Edward Pinto , an analyst who had formerly been Fannie Mae 's chief credit officer estimated that 60 % of the homeowners who receive permanent modifications will still end up losing their homes .
Assuming that this number is overly pessimistic and only 50 % re-default , then the number of homeowners who will ultimately be able to keep their home as a result of the modifications made through Hamp thus far is approximately 170,000 .
If we assume that the total number will end up being three times this large ( assuming Hamp continues operating through 2012 ) , then 510,000 homeowners will have been allowed to keep their home as a result of Hamp .
The projected price tag for the program is $ 50bn , which means that taxpayers will have spent almost $ 100,0000 for every homeowner who was able to keep their home through Hamp .
This is a rather steep price , especially since even many of the people helped still wo n't accumulate equity .
They will just be allowed to stay in their home until family , job , or other factors lead them to move .
They may still be stuck doing a short sale when they move or only getting enough from their home to cover the remaining mortgage and other sales expenses .
The limited benefit to homeowners from this programme would be of concern , except that we know that the money shelled out by the government went to investors and servicers ( ie banks ) .
And , as we in Washington know , money handed out to banks is always money well - spent , is n't it ?
The flow of money from taxpayers to banks is not hard to recognise .
It is easy to distinguish between helping banks and helping homeowners .
Homeowners are helped if either :
1 ) Their cost of being a homeowner is less than or equal to the cost of renting a comparable unit ; and / or
2 ) They accumulate equity in their home .
A serious plan for helping homeowners would have limited taxpayer dollars to modifications where 1 ) or 2 ) was likely to be the case .
This would involve looking at factors such as price to rent ratios , a hugely relevant issue that never seems to come up in policy debates on helping homeowners .
The point is simple : if the ratio is high then homeowners would likely save money by renting .
Furthermore , a high ratio is good evidence of a bubble , which would mean that prices would be lower in future years , guaranteeing that most homeowners will not accumulate equity before they sell .
As it stands , the housing bubble has not fully deflated , so prices in many areas will almost certainly be lower in two to three years , guaranteeing that many current homeowners will never accumulate equity .
There are ways to actually help homeowners .
Giving them the right to stay in their home as renters paying the market rent for a substantial period of time ( eg five years ) following foreclosure would be a good start .
This route costs the taxpayers nothing and involves no bureaucracy .
That makes it a complete non-starter in Washington .
The other easy route to helping homeowners is to require the Fed to pursue a policy targeting a modest rate of inflation ( eg 3 - 4 % ) .
This would be a great way to ensure that house prices actually do rise .
This would supply an enormous amount of equity to homeowners .
If increased at a 4 % rate over the next three years , as opposed to the current 1 % rate , it would give almost $ 1tn in real equity to homeowners by reducing the real value of their mortgages .
Unfortunately , almost no one in Washington talks about this route either .
They are concerned about interfering with the Fed 's independence .
After all , Greenspan and Bernanke have done such great things for the economy how can anyone suggest changes ?
For now at least , we can only talk about helping homeowners if most of the money goes to the banks .
Since we are n't actually helping homeowners with current policy , maybe we should just end the discussion and make the banks work for their money instead of relying on taxpayer handouts .
Four stupid policies that will wreck America ’s global influence .
Washington –Can a nation remain a superpower if its internal politics are incorrigibly stupid ?
Start with taxes .
In every other serious democracy , conservative political parties feel at least some obligation to match their tax policies with their spending plans .
David Cameron , the new Conservative prime minister in Britain , is a leading example .
He recently offered a rather brutal budget that includes severe cutbacks .
I have doubts about some of them , but at least Cameron cared enough about reducing his country 's deficit that alongside the cuts , he also proposed an increase in the value - added tax from 17.5 percent to 20 percent .
Imagine : a fiscal conservative who really is a fiscal conservative .
That could never happen here because the fairy tale of supply - side economics insists that taxes are always too high , especially on the rich .
This is why Democrats will be fools if they do n’t try to turn the Republicans ’ refusal to raise taxes on families earning more than $ 250,000 a year into an election issue .
If Democrats go into a headlong retreat on this , they will have no standing to govern .
Where ISN'T Wally ?
930 fans put on bobble hats and glasses to break world record
Advertisement
It normally takes patience and good eyesight to spot the hero of the Where 's Wally children 's books in his red and white striped outfit .
But visitors to a seaside resort had a rather easier job yesterday at Britain 's biggest ever gathering of Where 's Wally characters .
Instead of struggling to find Wally on the page of a book , it was more a case of trying to work out , ' Where Is n't Wally ? '
World record attempt : 930 Where 's Wally fans donned bobble hats and striped jumpers and gathered in Great Yarmouth , Norfolk
Bank Walliday Monday :
The fans narrowly missed achieving a new world record after the overcast weather drew a smaller crowd than expected
A total of 930 people of all ages dressed up as the character in his trademark red and white striped shirt , bobble hat and rimmed glasses .
The fans tried to set a new world record for the greatest number of Wally characters in one place by crowding into the town centre at Great Yarmouth , Norfolk .
Iconic : Books featuring the Where 's Wally character have been published in 28 countries
But there were too few of them to break the previous record when 1,052 Wally characters gathered in April last year in the U.S. state of New Jersey .
The attempt in Norfolk was organised by the Great Yarmouth Town Centre Partnership in a bid to get the town into the Guinness Book of Records .
Those taking part paid £ 6 each to buy a Where 's Wally outfit of striped shirt , bobble hat and glasses .
But the overcast weather is believed to have kept many participants away on the day which was billed as Bank Wallyday Monday .
It followed an earlier bid in Great Yarmouth last October when 901 people dressed up on the town .
The first attempt was thwarted when 300 of the 1,200 people who bought outfits in advance failed to turn up on the day .
Great Yarmouth town centre manager Jonathan Newman said he had hoped many of those who took part last time would turn up again yesterday .
He also had another 1,000 outfits for sale yesterday and managed to sell 550 of them to Wally newcomers - but it was not enough .
Mr Newman said : ' It is a great shame that we did n't break the world record and it is fair to say I am quite disappointed .
' But we can still console ourselves with the fact that everyone had fun and it was certainly the biggest ever gathering of Wallys in Britain .
' It seemed like there were a lot more people taking part last October and I was hopeful that the record was going to be broken .
' But everyone had to register on the day to make their appearance count and it is possible that some people were dressed up and did n't register .
' I will be studying the aerial photographs that were taken to see if I can estimate the number of Wallys just in case there were more than the old record .
' We will have to think carefully about whether we will try and set the record for a third time .
I will have to see what people say over the next few days . '
The first of the seven main Where 's Wally books was published in 1987 by British illustrator Martin Handford .
The books feature double page spreads of the distinctive explorer character hidden in a montage of scenes through the ages .
The books have been published in 28 countries and have also been turned into a TV series comic strip and video games .
Wally has different names in many countries - but always wears the same outfit .
He is known as Waldo in the USA , Hugo in Sweden , Willy in Norway and Charlie in France .
You Can Buy Books for Cheap in South Lake Union
No , Amazon 's new headquarters does n't feature a brick - and - mortar store : SLU bookstore Inner Chapters is celebrating their 2nd anniversary with a sale .
Every book is 50 % off from now through July 31st .
I stopped by on Saturday and picked up a Thomas Disch sci- fi novel , a Donald Westlake mystery , and When the Cheering Stopped : The Last Years of Woodrow Wilson by Gene Smith .
All three books cost me less than five bucks .
They have an impressive collection of McSweeney 's back issues , too .
What I wrote about Inner Chapters back when it opened still holds true today :
They 've made the most of a weird space ( it used to be a huge hair salon ) by accentuating the skylights and adding lots of comfy seats to make the bookstore a great space for browsing .
You should stop by this week and check it out .
Swarms of stinging jellyfish would make most fish turn tail — but not the bearded goby .
The hardy little African fish is the first known to thrive in an ocean region dominated by jellyfish , a new study says .
In the 1960s and '70s , overfishing off the southwestern coast of Namibia ( see map ) wiped out sardines , allowing two opportunistic jelly species , the many - ribbed jellyfish and the sea nettle , to move in .
The jellies would " hoover up " just about " anything they could get their tentacles on , " said study co-author Victoria A. Braithwaite , a fisheries biologist at Penn State University .
And , thanks to their painful stings , the voracious jellyfish are generally not on other animals ' menus .
" We tend to think of jellyfish as being a dead end , because very few organisms eat them , " Braithwaite said .
( See related pictures of corals eating jellyfish . )
Yet when Braithwaite and colleagues did various experiments on gobies found off Namibia — including an analysis of the fish 's stable isotope ratios of carbon , nitrogen , and sulphur — they discovered that the supposedly noxious jellyfish make up a third of the fish 's diets .
" Clever " Fish Adapted to Toxic Habitat
Bearded gobies flourish in this harsh habitat because they have built - in — and still mysterious — coping mechanisms , according to the study .
For instance , the gobies are " miraculously " immune to a jellyfish 's nasty sting .
They 've even been seen resting on the organisms 's bells , or main body parts , as well as swimming among jellyfish tentacles , Braithwaite said .
( See a picture of the deadly box jellyfish . )
Bearded gobies also spend hours in oxygen - deprived " mud mats " on the seafloor , which form when nutrient - rich upwellings from the deep ocean spur a naturally induced plankton bloom .
When the plankton die , their bodies settle to the seafloor along relatively shallow coastal shelves .
Bacteria and worms then get to work breaking down the dead plankton , using up most of the oxygen in the mud and releasing poisonous hydrogen sulfide gas .
This " extremely hostile environment " is deadly to most fish — but not to the gobies , the study found .
In fact , the fish were almost totally unaffected by breathing hydrogen sulfide .
What 's more , the " clever " fish have learned to avoid most predators by dividing their time between the mud mats and the jellyfish - infested waters , she said .
Jellyfish Explosion Not Always Doom and Gloom
It 's unknown how goby brains can handle such long periods without oxygen , or why the fish are n't bothered by the toxic mud or stinging jellyfish , Braithwaite said .
But she can say the species is " one of the most uniquely adapted organisms that I 've ever come across . "
The goby 's resilience , she added , is " an important lesson that dramatic changes to environments are not always a doom - and - gloom story . "
Having seen the film twice , I think it ’s safe to say that almost every scene in Inception is exceptionally well done .
There really are n’t any scenes that feel clumsy , unnecessary or poorly constructed .
That being said , there are a few scenes that really do stand out .
Scenes that are just crafted so perfectly , you can watch them over and over and never tire of them .
Here are five scenes from Inception that are truly remarkable .
( There are spoilers in this article so if you have n’t seen the film you may want to hold off on reading this )
1 ) Zero Gravity Scene
Reminiscent of the lobby scene in The Matrix , the zero gravity scene in Inception is one of the most exciting scenes I ’ve seen in a very long time .
The scene sees Arthur ( played by Joseph Gordon Levitt ) floating around in a hotel that is currently experiencing a zero gravity atmosphere .
The lack of gravity is due to the van on level one that is currently in free fall .
According to the rules of Inception , whatever happens on the dream level above seeps through to the level below .
Arthur is the only one awake on the hotel level at this time and therefore , only he experiences the feeling of no gravity .
As Arthur fights off his adversaries , what we are seeing on screen can be described only as a dazzling array of stunt work and choreography .
Arthur floats up and down through the hallway as he fends off enemies and desperately tries to figure out how to deliver a kick to his teammates .
As Arthur moves the team through the hallway and towards the elevator , we as the audience are kept in suspense as editor Lee Smith cuts the hotel level together with the snow fortress level .
Things get even more mind bending as Arthur climbs around the elevator shaft while he tries to set up his ingenious idea for a kick .
The whole scene is completely wild .
It ’s very well done and does n’t look corny or fake at all .
The physics look real and I do n’t think I ’ve ever seen zero gravity handled better in a film .
It ’s exciting , interesting and one of the more ambitious scenes in the film .
2 ) Cobb Comes Home
In what is easily the most moving scene of the film , we finally see Cobb returning home to his children .
Whether it ’s a dream or not does n’t really matter .
Cobb has waited for this moment for far too long and to see him finally reunited with his children is truly touching .
As Cobb awakes on the plane we see him with a look of shock on his face .
He looks around at his teammates and despite our best efforts , we as the audience ca n’t get any information from their facial expressions .
Did they succeed ?
Are they still dreaming ?
Was it just one big dream all along ?
Perhaps we will never know , but what ’s important is that Cobb has made it home .
Hans Zimmer ’s song ‘ Time ’ starts to play and as Cobb walks through the airport we can’t help but to feel happy for him .
There are very few words spoken in the scene but Zimmer ’s score does all the talking we need .
It ’s a triumphant and moving piece of music and greatly enhances the scene .
When Cobb finally gets home and his kids come running to him , you may be struggling to hold back tears , it ’s undeniably moving .
As Cobb spins the top and walks away , we know that whether it ’s a dream or reality , in the end it does n’t matter .
Cobb is finally reunited with his kids .
His journey is over , his mind is at peace and he can finally move on .
It provides for a beautiful ending that will truly stay with you for a while .
Click below to continue reading .
Three British soldiers have been killed and four injured by a renegade Afghan soldier in Afghanistan , the Ministry of Defence said .
The men , from 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles , were on duty on Tuesday morning in Nahr-e Saraj , Helmand province , when the Afghan opened fire .
One is believed to be a Nepalese Gurkha and the other two were UK nationals .
Prime Minister David Cameron condemned the " appalling " killings , but said UK and Afghan troops should work together .
The Taliban has claimed the Afghan soldier had joined its insurgency .
An investigation is under way and next of kin have been informed .
Meanwhile , in a separate incident a Royal Marine from 40 Commando was killed in Helmand , the MoD said .
Family have been told .
He was shot dead on Tuesday while on foot patrol in the Sangin district .
The number of British military personnel killed on operations in Afghanistan since 2001 now stands at 318 .
Mr Cameron said the current strategy of working alongside local security forces should go on .
" It is absolutely essential that we do n't let this terrible incident change our strategy .
It is the right thing to do to build up the Afghan national army , " he said .
He went on : " We need to make sure that we build up that army because that , in the end , is the way that we are going to be able to bring our troops back home . "
Similarly , Defence Secretary Liam Fox said : " Training and developing the Afghan National Security Forces is vital to the international mission in Afghanistan and today 's events will not undermine the real progress we continue to make .
British and Isaf forces are working shoulder to shoulder with Afghans and will continue to do so undeterred . "
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has apologised to the UK after the incident and a defence ministry spokesman said a soldier from the Afghan National Army ( ANA ) was being sought .
Analysis
This is not the first time this kind of incident has happened .
Last November a member of the Afghan National Police opened fire on British soldiers he was serving alongside .
He killed five and seriously injured half a dozen others .
But the Ministry of Defence is anxious to highlight how rare these kinds of incidents are .
Since 2006 , British forces have trained 130,000 Afghan troops .
Some 5,000 of the 10,000 British servicemen currently deployed in Afghanistan are working alongside members of the Afghan Security forces day in and day out .
The training and mentoring of Afghanistan 's army and police is essential to the goal of eventually leaving an Afghanistan capable of looking after its own security .
That is why Liam Fox is stressing that , despite this tragedy , British forces will " continue to work shoulder to shoulder with the Afghans " and will not be deterred .
Royal Marine dies in Afghanistan
Mr Cameron said he spoke to President Karzai on Tuesday morning and both men agreed that an urgent investigation was required .
President Karzai's spokesman , Waheed Omar , said the Afghanistan government was also investigating the killings and the government would " do everything to ensure the perpetrators are brought to justice " .
The BBC understands that one of the soldiers killed was shot and the other two were killed by a rocket - propelled grenade .
There is a helpline number in the UK for concerned relatives - 08457 800900 .
The spokesman for Task Force Helmand , Lt Col James Carr - Smith , said : " We believe these were the actions of a lone individual who has betrayed his Isaf and Afghan comrades .
" His whereabouts are currently unknown but we are making strenuous efforts to find him .
He should know that his actions will not deter us from our task and we will continue to work closely with our Afghan friends to bring security to Helmand .
" Three courageous and dedicated soldiers have made the ultimate sacrifice .
They will be greatly missed and their actions will not be forgotten .
We will remember them . "
British soldiers in Afghanistan have trained 130,000 Afghan troops since 2006 , and 5,000 British troops are currently partnering members of the ANA .
It appears to be the third incident in which a member of the Afghan security forces has opened fire on British troops .
We have sacrificed greatly together and we must ensure the trust between our forces remains solid in order to defeat our common enemies Gen David Petraeus , NATO commander , Afghanistan Reaction to deaths of UK soldiers
There was one incident in 2008 when two British soldiers were shot in the leg , and another in November 2009 when five British soldiers were shot dead by an Afghan policeman .
Security correspondent Frank Gardner said he was not surprised that the attack had happened because the vetting process to join the Afghan military is poor .
It is not a popular career move , he said , because it is poorly paid and dangerous .
" It is important to keep an open mind about what has motivated this person , " said our correspondent .
" This kind of thing often has rather more below the surface .
There are often tribal feuds , there are family feuds ; there are personal reasons .
So it is n't always down to the insurgency . "
Our correspondent added that the tragedy was likely to intensify debate over the human costs of the mission in Afghanistan , but he said the West 's exit strategy relies on training the Afghan security forces .
The Nato commander in Afghanistan , Gen David Petraeus , said : " This is a combined joint mission - Afghan and Alliance troopers fighting shoulder to shoulder against the Taliban and other extremists .
" We have sacrificed greatly together and we must ensure the trust between our forces remains solid in order to defeat our common enemies . "
And Col Richard Kemp , a former commander of British troops in Afghanistan , told the BBC it was important to remember that this was an isolated incident and " not a pattern of events " .
Image caption
The couple had campaigned for years for a change in the law
The first same - sex marriage has taken place in Portugal , a month after a law allowing gay marriage came into effect .
Teresa Pires and Helena Paixao , both divorced mothers in their 30s who have been together since 2003 , married at a Lisbon registry office .
The couple - who had campaigned for a change to the law - described it as a " great victory , a dream come true " .
The Socialist government had faced fierce opposition to the law in what is a mainly Catholic country .
But a petition against the change failed to gain enough support for a referendum .
The bill was passed by parliament in January and ratified by President Anibal Cavaco Silva in May - making Portugal the sixth European country to recognise same - sex marriages .
A sharp increase in U.S. Army suicides is likely due to an increase in a range of stresses on soldiers both at home and in war zones , a top Army officer said Thursday .
A 15 - month - study on the rise in suicides over the last two years found 160 suicides among active - duty personnel , 1,713 suicide attempts and 146 deaths from high - risk behavior , such as drug abuse , in the year ended Sept. 30 , 2009 .
The ...
The controversy surrounding the release of the man convicted of the Lockerbie bombing reignited yesterday after Britain 's ambassador to the US said the government regretted the Scottish decision to free Abdelbaset al - Megrahi and considered it a " mistake " .
Sir Nigel Sheinwald 's remarks come amid claims by a group of Democrat senators that BP lobbied the British government to release Megrahi to help it secure an oil deal with Libya .
The US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , is to look into the allegations , while the powerful Senate foreign relations committee will question BP executives at a special session later this month .
The prisoner transfer agreement with Libya was signed in 2007 – the same year BP sealed a $ 900 m ( £ 584 m ) exploration agreement with Tripoli .
Gordon Brown insisted at the time that not he but the Scottish government had taken the decision to release Megrahi , and he " respected " the Scottish ministers right to do so , a phrase that was taken as an endorsement of Megrahi 's release .
Last night , Sheinwald issued a statement that made it clear that the coalition government takes a different view .
Sheinwald said : " The new British government is clear Megrahi 's release was a mistake .
[ It ] deeply regrets the continuing anguish that his release on compassionate grounds has caused the families of Megrahi 's victims in the UK , as well as in the US .
However , under UK law , where Scottish justice issues are devolved to Scotland , it fell solely to the Scottish executive to consider Megrahi 's case .
Under Scottish law , Megrahi was entitled to be considered for release on compassionate grounds .
Whilst we disagreed with the decision to release Megrahi , we have to respect the independence of the process .
The inquiry by the justice committee of the Scottish parliament concluded in February that the Scottish executive took this decision in good faith , on the basis of the medical evidence available to them at the time , and due process was followed .
" We have to accept that the release licence does not provide a mechanism for a person who has been released on compassionate grounds to be returned to prison if they have survived for longer than the period diagnosed by the relevant medical authorities . "
A spokesman for the Scottish executive denied it had any contact with BP before releasing Megrahi .
It said it had transferred him purely on compassionate grounds because of his ill health .
" We had absolutely no representations from BP .
Mr Megrahi … was sent home to die according to the due process of Scots law , based on the medical report of the Scottish Prison Service director of health and care , and the recommendations of the Parole Board and prison governor . "
Clinton discussed the issue with the foreign secretary , William Hague , who raised the idea of Britain explaining the circumstances to the US lawmakers , the State Department said .
Claims that Megrahi was released because of an oil deal and that medical evidence supporting his release , was paid for by the Libyan government , were not true , said Sheinwald .
Yesterday , BP acknowledged it pressed the government over the signing of the prisoner transfer agreement with the Gaddafi regime , but insisted it had made no representations about Megrahi 's actual release .
Megrahi was the only man to be convicted of involvement in the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 , which killed 270 people in 1988 .
He was freed on compassionate grounds after being diagnosed with terminal cancer and given three months to live .
Libya says the guilt of the former intelligence agent has never been proven , although it paid compensation .
New York Democratic senators Kirsten Gillibrand and Charles Schumer , and New Jersey Democratic senators Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez called for an inquiry , after reports that a cancer expert , who backed the three - month prognosis , now believed Megrahi could live for 10 or 20 years .
But yesterday , professor Karol Sikora , medical director of CancerPartners UK , said his words were taken out of context , and that the chances of Megrahi surviving for a decade were " less than 1 % " .
Sikora said : " There was a greater than 50 % chance , in my opinion , that he would die within the first three months then gradually as you go along the chances get less and less .
" So the chances of living 10 years is less than 1 % , something like that . "
In a letter to Clinton , the senators questioned whether BP was prepared to " trade justice ... for oil profits " .
• This article was amended on 19 July 2010 .
The original described Frank Lautenberg as a senator for New York .
This has been corrected .
One in three Native American women will be raped at least once in her lifetime .
And that ’s why President Obama ’s signing of the Tribal Law and Order Act today is so vital .
Tribes will now have the right–and the resources –to investigate and prosecute rapes perpetrated by non-Natives on tribal lands .
For 500 years , rape has been used as a tool of conquest and an act of war against Native women .
It carries with it all of the perverted power of violence that every rape survivor endures , with the added yokes of colonialism and cultural annihilation .
Sadly , not much has changed .
One in three .
At least once .
Think for a moment about the implications .
We know that rape survivors are often reluctant to report the attack , for fear of not being believed ; of being told that they “ asked for it ” ; of being humiliated and shamed ; of reprisals .
But in Indian Country , rape survivors bear additional burdens .
They must report their crimes to federal law enforcement authorities , whom long and hard experience has told them to distrust .
Cultural sensitivity is often nonexistent .
Often , the law enforcement officers , investigators , prosecutors and health examiners are white men , and for many Native women cultural traditions may militate against talking to them about such intimate matters .
So when you read that one in three Native women will be raped at least once in her lifetime , you can be assured that those numbers are underreported at even greater rates than in the general population .
Here ’s a little context :
• Native Americans are more than twice as likely , compared to all other ethnic groups , to experience some form of sexual assault .
• 90 percent of Native women who report being raped also report being physically battered in other ways during the rape , compared to 74 percent of rape survivors in the population as a whole .
• 50 percent of Native women report experiencing other physical injuries in addition to the rape itself , compared to 30 percent in the population as a whole .
• 34 percent of Native women report that a weapon was used during the commission of the rape–a number more than three times that of the general population .
• While most rapes occur within racial groups , this is not true for Native women .
More than 86 percent of the offenders are non-Indians , and more than 70 percent are white .
This last statistic matters a great deal .
Because until today , Native women raped by a non-Indian assailant had virtually no recourse .
With rare exceptions , only federal law enforcement authorities have had jurisdiction to arrest and prosecute non-Native offenders on tribal lands .
And historically , federal authorities have cared little about such cases : Federal authorities routinely decline to prosecute more than 50 percent of all violent crimes committed in Indian Country ; the rate of declination is much higher for sexual assault cases .
Today that will change .
The Tribal Law and Order Act will substantially expand tribal jurisdiction over non-Native offenders for crimes of sexual violence , and providing desperately needed resources to tribes to help them prosecute such cases .
Introduced in 2009 in the House by Rep. Stephanie Herseth - Sandlin ( D - SD ) and in the Senate by Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) , the legislation is a watershed in tribal law .
Provisions include :
• Deputizes tribal police to arrest and prosecute non-Natives who commit crimes on tribal land
• Provides tribal police with access to National Crime Information Center ( NCIC ) and other federal databases containing criminal records and other information
• Requires the Department of Justice to maintain records on all declinations and to share that information , as well as any evidence , with tribal authorities
• Requires federal officials to turn over to tribal authorities any documents and testimony that may aid tribal court prosecutions
• Raises the maximum sentence that tribal courts can impose on an offender from one to three years
• Provides tribal police with targeted training in evidence collection and interviewing of sexual and domestic violence survivors
• Requires the Indian Health Service ( IHS ) to implement consistent protocols at all facilities for treating sexual assault survivors
• Reauthorizes and enhances programs to support tribal police , courts , and corrections programs
• Provides programs for at - risk young people on reservations .
Is it perfect ?
Of course not .
But it ’s an enormously important first step .
Today , we who have worked in our Native communities with survivors of sexual violence have reason to celebrate .
Come and dance with us .
Photo from Flickr user zygzee under Creative Commons 2.0 .
New OpenRISC : academic work helps open source hardware
OpenCores delivered a new version of OpenRISC , an open source processor hosted together with many open source hardware projects ; more information on their current news page .
What is special about this version is that the major driver for the code development has been an academic thesis on verification .
Waqas Ahmed of the Royal Institute of Technology published a dissertation on some functional and formal methods for hardware verification , using an OpenRISC1200 architecture as the system under test .
The experiments led to the discovery of many bugs and errors that have been promptly corrected in this version of the core .
Linus ’ law states that “ given enough eyeballs , all bugs are shallow ” .
This has not been the case for open source hardware yet , because of the low number of developers ( and users ) involved with respect to the open source software world .
While the software ecosystem thrives on large number of developers , the hardware one needs quality above all , for many reasons .
One specific example comes to mind these days :
When the operating system of a phone is buggy , the problem can be solved with the small cost of a remote update .
When the antenna of a phone is faulty ( for example it receives poorly if held with your left hand ) , you can see the effects in the news .
The quality of the contribution to open source hardware projects must be kept high .
Another example is Aeroflex Gaisler that provides open source cores ( the LEON series ) and IPs .
They enforce good code practices and are able to create space - grade products that are used in applications where an error can blow up millions of dollars .
What happened with OpenRISC is that the project benefited from its open nature while giving the academic world an opportunity for growth and education .
The quality of the academic contribution is very high , and from another point of view the learning challenge that a complex system such as OpenRISC offers to students is appealing .
Once the universities around the world start to invest on open source hardware to the point that they improve hardware quality and performance to the level of commercial products , then the industry will have a cheap alternative to the now very expensive ( but reliable and cutting - edge ) IP portfolio offered by the major houses .
The full document of OpenRISC verification is available for OpenCores users on the download page ; the process involves both SystemC and SystemVerilog , and is based on the Open Verification Methodology ( OVM ) .
2010/06/08 , 19:49 by checker
I am finally nearing the end of the list I made almost two months ago to get picking up and interacting with objects working in SpyParty .
Here is is again :
Add an event track to the animation system so the animations can tell the AI when the object should be attached .
Make an animation for picking up the object and have it fire an attachment event .
Add non-character dynamic items as a concept to the code .
Add a simple attachment system to the character AI and rendering code .
Write a quick full body IK system so the character does n’t have to align with the item exactly .
Hook it all up .
Steps 3 and 4 were discussed in this post .
In the original post , Step 5 had this footnote :
“ This is a step that might give some people pause , but I ’ve written so many IK solvers over the years that I figure I can whip this out in a day or so .
Famous last words . ”
Well , I managed to get a full body IK solver mostly working on Sunday .
Admittedly , it was a 12 hour day , but still , not bad if I do say so myself .
Briefly , IK stands for Inverse Kinematics .
Kinematics is the study of how things move through time and space .
Taking the simple example of your arm , Forward Kinematics is about how your hand moves when you change the joint angles at your shoulder and your elbow .
You might rotate your elbow by 30 degrees , and figuring out where your hand ends up is a Forward Kinematics problem .
As you might imagine , it ’s somewhat difficult to pick up objects if you have to manually specify the shoulder and elbow angles to move the hand towards the object .
Worse , if you change the shoulder angle , obviously the elbow angle has to change to keep the hand in the same place , since your arm is hierarchical .
Inverse Kinematics is the solution to this problem .
Where FK says , “ given the joint angles , where is the hand ? ” , IK inverts that and says , “ given the desired hand position and orientation , what are the joint angles to get there ? ”
There is some more math involved in solving IK problems compared to FK problems , but it allows you to control the arm from the hand and the shoulder and elbow joints figure themselves out .
One interesting point is that the FK problem always has a solution : for any joint angles at your shoulder and elbow , your hand will end up somewhere .
By contrast , the IK problem does n’t always have a solution : if I ask the IK solver what joint angles will put your hand on the moon , it had better give back either “ none ” or something reasonable like angles that point your hand towards the moon .
So , that ’s the Kinematics lesson for today , let ’s get to the examples .
Remember , all of this art is temporary prototype placeholder artwork !
First , here ’s a video of a character interacting with a statue in SpyParty , where the character is aligned with the statue in the same way the animation was created , so it all lines up nicely :
Now , since there ’s no IK in the game yet , here ’s what happens if you do n’t align exactly right :
The statue still attaches to the character ’s hand , due to Step 4 above , it ’s just that the hand is n’t aligned with the statue correctly .
So , when the attachment event fires in the animation , the code detaches the statue from the pedestal and attaches it to the hand in the wrong place .
And finally , after Sunday , here ’s a video of the IK working in the SpyParty contentviewer , which is a simple little application for testing animations and models and whatnot .
It ’s way easier to make changes in the contentviewer and then move the code into the game than it is to make changes in the game with AI running and all that other stuff .
As you can see , the new IK system still needs a ton of tuning , but that was the result after the 12 hours and it felt pretty good .
I think I ’ll spend another day on the core math to tune it a bit , and then I need to put the IK code into the game and do Step 6 to hook it all up .
I ’m doing IK a little differently than most games do , using learning from my work on Spore .
Most games use IK to simply pull the hand towards the object when the animation says to use IK , but what we did on Spore was a little different , and I think , better .
Instead of IKing the hand to the object , I warp the whole animation as the IK blends in , so the torso bends and all the little stylistic tangential movements still show up , only now they ’re aimed towards the object rather than just straight ahead .
I ’m going to post more detail about this technique once I get it cleaned up , but you can read the super - detailed technical description of the Spore IK solver in the SIGGRAPH paper we wrote about the technology if you want to know more now .
Edit :
You can actually see the results of the animation warping in that video , because the left hand is not being IK ’d directly to its hardpoint at all , the only thing changing its position is the space warping , and you can see it ’s in the neighborhood of the other hardpoint even without an IK fixup .
This is one of the huge advantages of this method , it preserves the animator ’s source poses as much as possible , so the IK itself is only used to polish up the pose for the new configuration .
This is the blend of sampling and synthesis I ’ve talked about before in lectures , where you want to augment the animator ’s work with the computer ’s work , not replace one with the other .
I may not have access to the
custom - designed 3D camera rigs or $ 300 - plus- million budget that James Cameron had for , but that should n't mean I can't produce my own movie with breathtaking — well , okay , at least passable — 3D effects .
True , the task may seem daunting and expensive at first .
After all , the cheapest 3D camcorder on the market right now is Panasonic 's $ 21,000 AG - 3DA1 , and even that requires a constellation of specialized equipment and software to deliver usable 3D footage .
What 's more , the gear that electronics manufacturers are just now introducing to the market to edit and play 3D content requires an almost total replacement of your existing computer and AV equipment .
I do n't really want to buy a new graphics card , computer screen , HDTV ( which I just got , thank you very much ) , home theater receiver and Blu-ray player , but I do kind of like the idea of making a cheap and easy 3D action flick starring my cat .
Fortunately for me , a hobbyist subculture has sprung up to address the unmet need for low - production - value at - home 3D moviemaking — a movement dedicated to the art of building stereoscopic camera rigs using two off - the - shelf inexpensive camcorders mounted on a rail .
It started when husband - and - wife team Ron and AmyJo Proctor , both students at Weber State University , posted instructions for bolting together two Kodak Zx1 camcorders .
" We kind of built it on a lark , " says Ron .
" We wanted a Flip - style video camera for chasing our 2 - year - old .
They were so affordable that we decided to buy a pair .
Once we had those , the jump to 3D was natural . "
The Proctors used a 157 - year - old process that is known as anaglyph 3D , which uses the same iconic red-and - blue glasses that turned 1950s comics into virtual pop-up books .
The anaglyph process works by filtering the vision of a viewer 's left eye through a red filter and the right eye through a cyan ( blue ) filter .
Each frame of video is produced with two superimposed images that have been stereoscopically separated , then subjected to color subtraction in a computer image - editing program .
When viewing these superimposed images through anaglyph 3D glasses , the brain interprets and combines the complementary colors , creating the illusion of depth .
The process sounds a lot more complicated than it actually is in practice .
It is certainly far simpler than the two other major 3D processes currently employed by Hollywood and the electronics industry .
Most 3D movies in the theater use a specialized screen and polarized glasses to deliver 3D projection , while the new 3D home theater gear generally relies upon shutter glasses that are synchronized to a TV that runs at a high frame rate .
True , the anaglyph editing process can tint the color of your video , but it works with equipment you probably already own — requiring no major investment to play back the video .
Perhaps that is why it is often employed by movie studios for their own home video releases .
Recent Blu-ray movies such as Coraline and My Bloody Valentine used the red-and - blue - filtered glasses .
Balancing Act
Creating a homemade 3D steadicam rig in three ( sort of ) easy steps .
STEP 1 : Setting up a 3D camera system is the easy part .
Just cut a channel in either metal or wood , then mount two inexpensive video cameras using two standard ¼- 20 bolts , washers and some wingnuts .
Try to match the distance between human eyes — 2.48 inches .
STEP 2 : My Steadicam rig featured a makeshift gimbal formed from a skateboard bearing and a modified RC car 's U - joint .
I installed the bearing inside a piece of PVC tubing , then ran a 5/16 bolt through the length of the tube , threading it into the plastic U - joint .
To cover the PVC pipe , I used a rubber bicycle handle grip .
STEP 3 : This part was tricky .
I built a counter balance from punched steel flat stock trimmed and hand - bent into a crescent , then carefully weighted it with various - size magnets .
--> ( Photo by Maciej Toporowicz , NYC / Getty Images )
Stereoscopic Optics
Actually making the 3D rig is the easy part .
As Ron Proctor describes it : " You can just drill some holes in a bit of scrap metal and bolt your cameras on . "
A 1/4-20 bolt will thread into the tapped tripod mounting hole in most cameras .
If you 're mounting to a metal bar or plate , we 'd suggest cutting slots to allow for fine adjustment of the distance between the video cameras .
Ideally , the distance between the two camera lenses should match the stereoscopic separation of human eyes , which is typically 2.48 inches .
Adjustments to this separation allow for a variable depth of field , but too much separation will result in an unresolvable image .
Once you 've created a mounting bracket ( it does n't need to be metal ; you can also use wood or plastic ) , it can be affixed to almost anything — tripod , bicycle , car hood , helmet — with whatever hardware or adhesive you prefer .
I wanted maximum mobility and minimum camera shake , so I decided to complicate the project for myself by designing and building a homemade Steadicam .
The company that makes Steadicams , Tiffen , sells the Merlin , a very nice camcorder - friendly version of its professional camera stabilizer , for $ 850 ( the company also has in the works a Steadicam for iPhones that should cost less than $ 200 ) .
But I was looking for a solution that was more in the $ 30 price range .
I attached the camera bracket to a makeshift gimbal I constructed by combining a plastic U - joint from an RC car with a ball bearing mounted in a 1/2 - inch PVC handle .
To keep the camera level , I bent a 36 - inch - long piece of steel flat stock into an arc to act as a counterweight , then I made fine adjustments by attaching various weight magnets to the bar .
Because of the ball bearing , the entire apparatus was able to rotate freely relative to the handle , while the U - joint allows the cameras to maintain position horizontally .
To be honest , it takes quite a bit of tinkering to get this thing perfectly level , and then keeping it level is another skill set entirely .
Even with a professional Steadicam , you need to keep your arms held close to your body and walk smoothly to get the best effects .
In - Depth Editing
When you are done recording , you should have two separate video clips that need to be uploaded ( make sure to save one as " left " and the other as " right " to keep yourself organized ) .
To edit the footage , I used Sony Vegas Pro 9 ( $ 600 ) , but many less expensive video - editing packages can do the job .
The first step is to load both clips into your video - editing software .
Next you want to trim the video so that both clips start on the same frame .
Then search for the menu option that lets you adjust color controls ( your software might call this levels or channels ) .
You 'll know you 're in the right menu when you see sliders for the colors red , green and blue .
Anaglyph video editing is essentially an exercise in color subtraction .
For the left - eye footage , dial down or turn off the blue and green channels .
For the right eye , subtract the red channel .
Once that 's complete , you need to create a composite of the two clips .
( Again , the language differs with the software : Some call the process overlay or blending . )
That should merge the left - eye and right - eye tracks together into one .
You 're probably going to want to throw on some anaglyph 3D glasses to make sure you 've done it right .
Which brings up the question : Can you do it wrong ?
And the answer is , sort of .
You may find that , after all of your work , the 3D is n't that apparent in your clip .
Most video - editing programs allow you to artificially separate the left - and right - eye channels a bit by cropping the images slightly , then redoing the composite .
By skewing the stereoscopic separation , you can add depth to the resulting video without reshooting .
( After this lengthy explanation , it 's worth noting that this fall , a Roxio - branded 3D software suite from Sonic Solutions will completely automate the 3D editing process . )
In the end , my 2 - minute feline flick is n't going to break any box - office records , but the 3D effect worked .
And I can easily share my anaglyph 3D clips by posting to YouTube , so that anyone with a pair of red-and - blue 3D glasses can enjoy them .
And by the way , those glasses are ridiculously cheap and easy to acquire .
On Amazon.com , 50 - packs of paper and cellophane glasses can be had for $ 30 .
Or , if you think that 3D video production may become a lifestyle for you , opt for the fancier , hard plastic kind for around $ 6 each — they 're more durable , and about as fashionable as red- and - blue - tinted eyewear can be .
Adding Dimension
Transforming video of my cat into an anaglyph 3D movie was surprisingly simple .
I converted the left video clip to red ( by subtracting blue and green ) and the right clip to blue ( by subtracting red ) .
To make the finished frame , I overlaid left and right into a single composite image , tweaking the position slightly to get better stereoscopic separation .
Now , seen through 3D glasses , my cat leaps off the screen .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Mass arrests in Oakland protests against court verdict
Police officer who killed defenseless man given lenient verdict
By Jack Cody and Tom Eley
10 July 2010
Police arrested 83 protesters in Oakland , California on Thursday , after hundreds went to the streets in demonstrations against a jury verdict of involuntary manslaughter for a police officer who was caught on video tape killing an unarmed man , execution - style .
Transit officer Johannes Mehserle was caught by at least four cameras shooting 22 - year - old Oscar Grant III in the back as the victim lay face down on the ground and offered no resistance .
Another officer was recorded screaming “ bitch - ass nigger ” at Grant shortly before he was executed .
Grant leaves behind a four - year - old daughter .
Mehserle now faces a maximum sentence of four years , although this could be extended should the judge in the case rule he used his gun illegally .
Mehserle could have been convicted of one of three possible crimes : second - degree murder , voluntary manslaughter or involuntary manslaughter .
The prosecution sought to establish the intent to kill , hoping for a verdict of voluntary manslaughter or second - degree murder .
The defense claimed that Mehserle shot Grant accidentally , having pulled his gun instead of his Taser “ stun gun . ”
The verdict of involuntary manslaughter accepts that the shooting was accidental .
The US Department of Justice will conduct an investigation , as will the US Attorney ’s office in San Francisco and the FBI , to determine if the case warrants federal prosecution .
Grant ’s family is pursuing a separate civil suit against Bay Area Rapid Transit ( BART ) , who employed Mehserle .
“ My son was murdered , ” said Grant ’s mother , Wanda Johnson .
“ He was murdered and the law has not held the officer accountable . ”
“ The system is rarely fair when a police officer shoots an African - American male , ” said civil rights attorney John Burris , who is representing Grant ’s family in the civil suit .
“ No true justice has been given . ”
Video of the shooting , which occurred on New Years Day , 2009 , spread rapidly on the Internet , giving rise to a large demonstration on January 7 .
That demonstration became a “ riot ” only after heavily - armed Oakland police , clad in riot gear , broke up the gathering , forcing protesters into side streets .
It is not unlikely that police also provoked Thursday ’s arrests .
Police turned out once again in riot gear , and police airplanes and helicopters “ filled the sky , ” according to one account .
A peaceful demonstration of over 1,000 gathered in the afternoon after the verdict was reported .
But by the evening hundreds of police officers from across the Bay Area had “ descended downtown to help local police quell the protesters , ” according to the Oakland Tribune .
Police deployed tear gas and arrests began after 8 p.m. and continued through the night .
Several stores were looted .
Outside Foot Locker , eyewitnesses reported seeing people distributing shoes and clothes to the crowds .
Graffiti written on walls in downtown Oakland included phrases such as “ You ca n’t shoot us all ! ” and “ Oscar Grant was here . ”
There is deep anger in cities like Oakland over police brutality and miserable social conditions .
Like many US cities , there is enormous poverty and inequality in Oakland .
As of April 2010 , 17.3 percent of the city was officially unemployed , but the real figure may be twice as high .
Education and social services are being cut in response to large budget deficits at both the state and the city level .
The only response to these conditions from the city government , long run by Democratic politicians — most of them African - American — is the use of police force against the population .
These conditions inevitably give rise to police killing , brutalizing , and arresting innocent working class youth .
The killing of Oscar Grant was an extreme example of police violence .
Last year the World Socialist Web Site described the murder , which is posted on YouTube :
“ The footage is a chilling depiction of what appears to be a merciless police execution of an unarmed man : several uniformed officers are seen talking to Oscar Grant on the BART ( Bay Area Rapid Transit ) train platform at the Fruitvale station .
Behind them , three young men are seated against a wall , handcuffed as suspects in a reported fight on the train .
The video shows a standing Grant raise his hands , palms open , in a gesture of peace and cooperation , as if to calm the officers .
“ Grant seems to offer himself for arrest and Officer Johannes Mehserle then roughly places him on the ground , face - first .
Grant appears to react to the unnecessary roughness by looking back momentarily .
Then — after a brief attempt to handcuff Grant — Officer Mehserle inexplicably pulls out his gun , points it at Grant — who is still laying face down — and pulls the trigger , killing him .
“ Grant was unarmed .
The Alameda County coroner ’s office said Wednesday that the bullet penetrated his back , exiting his abdomen where it ricocheted off the concrete platform and re-entered his body at the torso , which ultimately killed him . ”
( See : “ California : Police shooting of unarmed man provokes outrage , fuels protests ” )
Yup , that ’s right , it is n’t Biggish Petroleum ’s fault that the Gulf of Mexico is turning into La Brea East .
After all , they have such a lovely service record with hundreds of safety violations … in the last 2 years !
So it could n’t possibly be THEIR fault for being in such hot … errr … water .
How dare President Obama shake them down for damages when it manifestly is not their fault .
It ’s the Democrat ’s fault for allowing themselves to be bullied into toothless regulation .
It ’s the fault of those damn liberals who forced them to drill so far off - shore .
It ’s the fault of the American people for buying those gas guzzlers and not forcing the auto manufacturers to make electric cars .
It ’s their fault for not throwing away their incandescent light bulbs and replacing them with mercury - filled CFLs that are 10 times as expensive and require a HAZMAT team to come clean up if one breaks .
It ’s their fault for keeping on using gas and oil instead of smoke - belching coal , since they do n’t have any other viable alternatives .
Except ultra -safe nuclear !
It ’s the fault of the alternative energy folks for not developing their technologies on a shoestring while Congress is giving subsidies to the oil folks who are already making the largest profits in history .
It ’s the fault of that guy in all the emergency contact documents who had the temerity to die without informing the oil companies of the need to update their plans .
It ’s the fault of the turtles in the Gulf for being so delicious that they ’re endangered .
Yeah .
And as the bank robber said to the security guard :
Damn you !
if you had n’t gotten untied and started screaming , I would n’t have had to shoot you .
See .
It ’s YOUR fault .
Comments
' The Hell of Polish Jewry ' Chronicling the Holocaust from Inside the Ghetto
Roughly 50 men and women in the Warsaw Ghetto chose a special form of resistance .
In a secret archive , they documented their path to doom for future generations , chronicling the Nazis ' crimes as they were being perpetrated .
( Net imports are imports minus exports .
Imports tend to be mostly crude oil .
Exports tend to be mostly refined products .
Some of the exports go to the same countries as the imports were from -- we just return some of the product after processing . )
As one can see , US net imports peaked in 2005 , and have been declining ever since .
The year 2005 was the year the world hit its production plateau .
This is precisely the pattern one would expect , if world oil production is flat , while demand from oil exporters and China is growing .
With all of our problems in the Gulf of Mexico , we think about importing more from elsewhere .
Let 's look at some graphs of net imports of crude oil and refined products , and of some US production amounts , to see what is happening now .
Perhaps this will give us insight as to what to expect going forward , and how many options we really have with respect to oil imports .
Figure 2 . US net imports of oil and oil products from Mexico , using an EIA chart
Part of the problem is of course that some of the countries we are importing oil from are declining in production , and can therefore send us less .
Net oil imports from Mexico have declined by about half since reaching their peak .
Figure 3 . US crude and condensate production , using an EIA chart
Part of the reason that imports can be down is because US crude oil production is up by about 400,000 or 500,000 barrels a day -- not really a huge amount , but it helps , when imports are trending down .
Figure 4 .
Spot oil prices , using an EIA chart
One of the reasons that US oil production could trend up is the higher oil prices in world markets since about 2004 .
Even now , prices are high , relative to prices in the several years prior to 2004 .
Figure 5 . US Gulf of Mexico oil production , using an EIA chart
One of the places where oil production is up is the Gulf of Mexico .
The recent increase in production is due to greater deep water production , made possible by higher oil prices and improvements in technology .
Figure 7 . US North Dakota oil production , using an EIA chart
Another place oil production is up is in North Dakota , due to increased production from the Bakken .
While the upslope is steep , the total increase in production does not come close to meeting US needs .
Figure 8 . US
Texas oil production , using an EIA chart
Meanwhile , Texas oil production -- the US 's largest state in oil production -- has stayed flat , despite high oil prices , the use of enhanced oil recovery methods , and improvements in technology .
Figure 9 . US Alaska oil production , using an EIA chart
Alaska 's oil production has continued to decline , despite high oil prices and improved technology .
If production is not brought up , at some point in the not too distant future the pipeline carrying Alaskan oil to the US 48 states will no longer be able to operate , because the amount in it will be below its minimum operating level .
Figure 10 .
US Ethanol consumption ( reflects imports / exports ) , using an EIA chart
The other bright light in holding the US import needs down is ethanol , now being substituted for part of gasoline needs .
( Most of the ethanol in Figure 10 is US produced , but it does also reflect imports and export of ethanol , to the extent they have taken place . )
Now that " the blend " wall of 10 % of gasoline is being reached , one would expect this area of growth in fuel available to Americans is being cut off ( unless the blend maximum is raised to 15 % ) .
Figure 11 . US oil product consumption , using an EIA chart
Part of the reason that oil imports can be down so much is that the consumption of oil products is lower , because of recession ( tied at least in part to high oil prices ) .
Figure 11 shows that oil consumption now appears to be trying to turn back up .
If consumption is to increase , we will need some source of more product , either internally supplied , or through imports .
Of course , there is a not - too - insignificant chance the US will slip back further into recession , and US demand will drop further .
Figure 12 . US oil product consumption , using an EIA chart
Looking at where our imports are coming from , we see Canada is on top .
The next three slots are filled by OPEC countries .
Mexico is dropping rapidly as a source of net imports , and now seems to be down to fifth .
If we do n't like imports from Canada ( or Canada decides to reduce sending them to us , because it needs them for its own use ) , our next choices for sources of oil imports look less than ideal .
Of course , some people are hopeful that Iraq will be able to ramp up production .
If that happens , it is theoretically possible that world production will again rise by a few million barrels a day , and available oil for exports may increase a bit .
Another theoretical place for increased production is Saudi Arabia , with its much publicized " spare capacity " .
My " take " on the situation is that this spare capacity is only available at prices higher than the $ 70 - $ 85 barrel price range we recently have been in .
We have already seen that the world economy does not " do well " with very high oil prices , so it is not clear whether the right conditions for production of this spare capacity will be reached in any reasonable time period .
Also , part of the spare capacity requires completion of a refinery which is not yet ready , so this is still a ways off .
By the time the spare capacity finally comes on line , it may be needed to offset declines in Saudi Arabian production elsewhere .
Figure 13 .
US net oil imports -- actual historical amounts , and one very adverse scenario , that is theoretically possible going forward
We do n't know how quickly future oil imports will fall .
If recent past patterns from Figure 1 continue , net imports may continue to fall quickly - - hopefully not as quickly as illustrated in Figure 13 , but it is not completely outside the realm of possibility .
The drop in imports we have seen to date are in a world with flat oil production .
We really do n't know what happens when world oil production in total begins to decline -- it seems as though total world exports / imports are likely to drop even faster than the past .
Our biggest source of imports is Canada - - but Canada is not really all that large a producer of oil , and its production is almost flat ( with increases in oil sands production offsetting decreases in other production ) .
Canada depends on oil imports itself , so if there is a shortfall , Canada may be under pressure to reduce exports .
All of these things lead to a lot of uncertainties .
While these graphs do n't provide many answers , perhaps they can provide a little insight into the current situation .
With more than 18,000 new Amateur Radio licenses issued in the first half of this year -- 18 , 270 to be exact -- 2010 is shaping up to be a banner year for Amateur Radio .
So far , the number of new licenses issued by the FCC in 2010 is outpacing the January - June 2009 totals by almost 8.5 percent ; at this time last year , the FCC had issued 16,844 new licenses .
In 2009 , a total of 30,144 new licenses were granted , an increase of almost 7.5 percent from 2008 .
In 2005 , 16,368 new hams joined Amateur Radio ’s ranks -- just five years later , that number had increased by almost 14,000 , a whopping 84 percent !
The ARRL VEC is one of 14 VECs who administer Amateur Radio license exams .
Comparing 2010 to 2009 , the only month that had higher license totals in 2009 was January : 1960 licenses were issued in January 2009 , compared with 1726 in January 2010 .
Beginning in February , 2010 showed higher new license numbers : 2263 in February 2010 versus 2749 in February 2010 ; 3463 in March 2009 compared with 3734 in March 2010 ; 3430 in April 2009 compared with 3508 in April 2010 ; 2717 in May 2009 compared with 3136 in May 2010 , and 3011 in June 2009 versus 3417 in June 2010 .
As of June 30 , 2010 , there are 694,346 licensed Amateur Radio operators in the US , an almost 1 percent rise over all of 2009 .
In 2009 , there were 682,500 licensed Amateur Radio operators in the US , an almost 3 percent rise over 2008 .
In 2008 , there were 663,500 licensed amateurs ; there were 655,800 in 2007 .
Broken down by license class at the end of June 2010 , there were 16,299 Novices , 342,064 Technicians , 154,284 Generals , 60,059 Advanced and 121,640 Amateur Extra licensees .
“ The ARRL VEC has been busy meeting the needs of the Amateur Radio community by helping people to become radio amateurs or upgrade their existing licenses , ” said ARRL VEC Manager Maria Somma , AB1FM .
“ So far in 2010 , ARRL VEs have administered 20,929 exam elements at 3600 ARRL VEC - sponsored exam sessions .
The number of amateurs who want to be Volunteer Examiners and who want to teach Amateur Radio classes is also going up -- we ’ve seen a spike in the number of applications from General and Extra class radio amateurs who want to give back to their community by serving as ARRL examiners and instructors . ”
Seaside 3.0rc – One Click Image 23 July , 2010
Following on from the recent release of the Seaside release candidate for 3.0 , a Squeak “ One - Click ” image has been put together to allow you to try out the new version with — er — one click !
The new image is based on Squeak 4.1 , and launches fully configured with Seaside running with Comanche on port 8080 , so you can immediately see the new improved Seaside welcome page at http://localhost:8080/ , with links to documentation and the Seaside book .
Seaside ’s 3.0 release is faster , cleaner , better tested and has many other changes and improvements over previous releases , so it ’s well worth checking out this release candidate now .
Punks are n't known for having much money , but they usually have pretty good taste in cars .
Crank the stereo , pop in a Sex Pistols or Black Flag tape , and give society the finger with these ten commenter - chosen punk rock cars .
Advertisement
This is Answers of the Day — a feature where we take the best ten responses from the previous day 's Question of the Day and shine it up to show off .
It 's by you and for you , the Jalopnik readers .
Enjoy !
Advertisement
Want to see this gallery in one slow - to - load page ?
Click here .
Ten Punk Rock Cars
Punks are n't known for having much money , but they usually have pretty good taste in cars .
Crank … Read more
10 . Decommissioned Police Crown Vic
Suggested By : thor77
Why It's Punk :
What 's a more ironic car for a bunch of anarchist punks ?
Fresh off the auction lot with the spotlight still attached and the paint faded , the Crown Vic is cheap to buy , cheap to run , and swallows up lots of band gear .
Advertisement
Photo credit : mp3car.com
Advertisement
9. Geo Metro
Suggested By : Half The Wheels And Twice The Fun
Why It's Punk :
It 's tiny , but says " I do n't care what you think about me .
Go ahead , laugh .
I 'll kick your face in . "
The Geo costs even less than a decommissioned Crown Vic , and despite its tiny dimensions , can still hold a drum or amp in the back seat .
And as Half the wheels points out , it 's unassuming enough that it wo n't get trashed by an angry dickhead at the gig .
Advertisement
Photo credit : In My Not so Humble Opinion
Advertisement
8. 1970 - ish Chevrolet Wagon
Suggested By : pauljones
Why It's Punk :
The mid-'70s Chevy wagon is big , old , American , and totally punk .
The exact year is n't really important ( pretty much anything from 1959 to 1979 will do ) , because we 're not talking about a restored show car .
The one the punks are after has faded paint , torn seats , and probably spent the last few years of it's life outside , sitting behind someone 's house .
The gnarlier the better .
Advertisement
7. Volkswagen Golf GTi
Suggested By : LuckyChuck
Why It's Punk :
What 's more punk than a car with plaid seats ?
It helps that the GTi is quick , and that many of them were black , but mostly , it 's all about that bad - ass plaid .
Advertisement
Photo credit : Bring A Trailer
Advertisement
6. Hyundai Accent
Suggested By : Smells_Homeless
Why It 's Punk : Older Accents are small , but they can hold enough stuff to make them worthwhile band cars .
Smells_Homeless notes : " I never got tired of watching that little thing swallowing the drums and two half - stacks . "
Like the Geo , Accents are pretty stealthy , so one can probably survive a night outside the venue .
Advertisement
Photo credit : CarDomain
Advertisement
5. Buick Turbo Regal
Suggested By : twitchykun
Why It 's Punk : Loud , fast , and out of control .
When painted black , they absolutely look the part , and the engine is loud enough to sound it .
This is an all - business machine , a squared - off , no - nonsense monster .
The Regal looks angry just sitting still .
Advertisement
Photo credit : Team Chevelle
Advertisement
4. Ford Taurus Wagon
Suggested By : Filmomaker
Why It's Punk :
As punk morphed and split into a whole bunch of other genres and sub -genres , the outcast and filthy still needed wheels to get to the gig ( even if those wheels probably belonged to mom ) .
Filmomaker describes the scene as he saw it back then : " Sometimes , after the gig , the car just goes missing , then it turns up in a very strange neighborhood or on the side of some railroad [ tracks ] .
Sometimes some angry drummer or guitarist kicks the living fuck out of the car before or after the gig .
Sometimes band members use the car to have sex with a groupie .
Sometimes band members use the car to sell drugs and alcohol . "
So really , the Taurus was more like a Mobile Band Command Center than anything .
Advertisement
Photo credit : Pinkie's Blog
3. Camaro
Suggested By : mytdawg
Why It 's Punk : How could we not include a Bitchin ' Camaro ?
Photo credit : Youtube
Advertisement
2. Ford Transit Van
Suggested By : Shep_Shepherd
Why It's Punk :
If your band was from England , chances are that you spent quite a lot of time at one point or another in the back of a Transit .
They were the default vehicle , much like the Econoline in America , for up - and - coming bands that had to get to the gig .
Bands used them for decades before the punk movement , and they continue to use them today .
Advertisement
Photo credit : Vision Motor Services
Advertisement
1. Decommissioned Ambulance
Suggested By : withayou
Why It's Punk : Commenter Withayou is a punk alum , and has this to say about his old band 's ambulance : " To make it ( vaguely ) street legal , we had to remove the decals and paint over the emergency lights , but nothing at all was disconnected .
That meant that at any given moment any of us could flip a switch to turn on the sirens , emergency flashers , loudspeaker , or floodlights and the thing came with an abundance of 120v outlets so the Marshall half - stacks could be plugged in at any rest stop .
In retrospect , there is no reason the 17 - year old version of me should n't be behind bars . "
Advertisement
Photo credit : fotki
The Supreme Court wrapped up its term last week after landmark decisions protecting the right to have a gun and the right of corporations to spend freely on elections .
But the year ’s most important moment may have come on the January evening when the justices gathered at the Capitol for President Obama ’s State of the Union address .
They had no warning about what was coming .
Obama and his advisors had weighed how to respond to the court ’s ruling the week before , which gave corporations the same free - spending rights as ordinary Americans .
They saw the ruling as a rash , radical move to tilt the political system toward big business as they coped with the fallout from the Wall Street collapse .
Some advisors counseled caution , but the president opted to criticize the conservative justices in the uncomfortable spotlight of national television as Senate Democrats roared their approval .
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. is still angered by what he saw as a highly partisan insult to the independent judiciary .
The incident put a public spotlight on the deep divide between the Obama White House and the Roberts court , one that could have a profound effect in the years ahead .
The president and congressional Democrats have embarked on an ambitious drive to regulate corporations , banks , health insurers and the energy industry .
But the high court , with Roberts increasingly in control , will have the final word on those regulatory laws .
Many legal experts foresee a clash between Obama ’s progressive agenda and the conservative court .
“ Presidents with active agendas for change almost always encounter resistance in the courts , ” said Stanford University law professor Michael W. McConnell , a former federal appellate court judge .
“ It happened to [ Franklin D. ]
Roosevelt and it happened to Reagan .
It will likely happen to Obama too . ”
Already , the healthcare overhaul law , Obama ’s signal achievement , is under attack in the courts .
Republican attorneys general from 20 states have sued , insisting the law and its mandate to buy health insurance exceed Congress ’ power and trample on states ’ rights .
Two weeks ago , a federal judge in New Orleans ruled Obama had overstepped his authority by ordering a six - month moratorium on deep - water drilling in the Gulf of Mexico .
On another front , the administration says it will soon go to court in Phoenix seeking to block Arizona ’s controversial immigration law , which is due to take effect July 29 .
Republican Gov. Jan Brewer said Arizona would go to the Supreme Court , if necessary , to preserve the law .
As chief justice , Roberts has steered the court on a conservative course , one that often has tilted toward business .
For example , the justices have made it much harder for investors or pension funds to sue companies for stock fraud .
Two years ago , the court declared for the first time that the gun rights of individuals were protected by the Constitution .
This year , the justices made clear this was a “ fundamental ” right that extended to cities and states as well as federal jurisdictions .
Since the arrival in 2006 of Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. , Roberts has had a five - member majority skeptical of campaign funding restrictions .
At first , he moved cautiously .
Roberts spoke for the majority in 2007 in saying that a preelection broadcast ad sponsored by a nonprofit corporation was protected as free speech even though it criticized a candidate for office .
Last year , the court had before it another seemingly minor challenge to election laws by a group that wanted permission to sell a DVD that slammed Hillary Rodham Clinton when she was running for president in 2008 .
This time , however , Roberts decided on a much bolder move .
The 5 - 4 ruling in the Citizens United case struck down all limits on direct election spending — for giant , profit - making corporations as well as small nonprofit groups .
For more than 60 years , Congress and many states had barred corporate and union spending to sway elections .
The court ’s opinion dismissed all such laws as unconstitutional censorship .
The decision came as a “ real shock to the administration and to the Democrats in Congress , ” said Simon Lazarus , counsel for the National Senior Citizens Law Center .
“ It ’s also caused a sea change in their thinking about the court .
Before , it was all about the ‘ culture wars ’ issues , like abortion , prayer and gay rights .
Afterward , they saw this new activist thrust among the conservatives as a direct threat to their legislative agenda . ”
The change was on full display in last week ’s Senate hearing on Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan .
Democrats accused the high court of judicial activism in favor of corporations — “ particularly by the five Republican appointees who have steered so hard to the right , ” said Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - R.I. ) .
Republicans in the hearing targeted Obama ’s “ tremendous expansion ” of the government and argued for the court to aggressively restrain Congress and the White House .
“ The Supreme Court … ought to go for freedom , not more government , ” said Sen . Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) .
Obama chose Kagan for the court believing she could bridge the gap with some of its conservatives .
Her mission is to help uphold the laws that Obama and Democrats are pushing through Congress .
During her hearing , Kagan found herself in the odd spot of defending judicial restraint before senators who usually worry aloud about sending a “ judicial activist ” to the court .
“ Can you name for me any economic activity that the federal government cannot regulate under the commerce clause ? ” asked Sen. John Cornyn ( R- Texas ) .
“ I would n’t try to , ” Kagan replied , emphasizing that the court has long said lawmakers have broad powers to regulate economic activity .
The high court , however , will decide whether making Americans buy health insurance amounts to economic activity .
It may be another year or two before a true challenge to the Obama agenda reaches the Supreme Court .
McConnell , the law professor , said the administration ’s broad set of regulatory moves made a clash almost inevitable .
“ It does not mean the courts are being ‘ political , ’ ” he said .
“ It is the way the institutions are designed , to create checks and balances . ”
david.savage@latimes.com
The last time I saw Gail Dines speak , at a conference in Boston , she moved the audience to tears with her description of the problems caused by pornography , and provoked laughter with her sharp observations about pornographers themselves .
Activists in the audience were newly inspired , and men at the event – many of whom had never viewed pornography as a problem before – queued up afterwards to pledge their support .
The scene highlighted Dines 's explosive charisma and the fact that , since the death of Andrea Dworkin , she has risen to that most difficult and interesting of public roles : the world 's leading anti-pornography campaigner .
Dines is also a highly regarded academic and her new book , Pornland : How Porn Has Hijacked Our Sexuality , has just come out in the US , and is available online here .
She wrote it primarily to educate people about what pornography today is really like , she says , and to banish any notion of it as benign titillation .
" We are now bringing up a generation of boys on cruel , violent porn , " she says , " and given what we know about how images affect people , this is going to have a profound influence on their sexuality , behaviour and attitudes towards women . "
The book documents the recent history of porn , including the technological shifts that have made it accessible on mobile phones , videogames and laptops .
According to Dines 's research the prevalence of porn means that men are becoming desensitised to it , and are therefore seeking out ever harsher , more violent and degrading images .
Even the porn industry is shocked by how much violence the fans want , she says ; at the industry conferences that Dines attends , porn makers have increasingly been discussing the trend for more extreme practices .
And the audience is getting younger .
Market research conducted by internet providers found that the average age a boy first sees porn today is 11 ; a study from the University of Alberta found that one third of 13 - year - old boys admitted viewing porn ; and a survey published by Psychologies magazine in the UK last month found that a third of 14 - to 16 - year - olds had first seen sexual images online when they were 10 or younger – 81 % of those polled looked at porn online at home , while 63 % could easily access it on their mobile phones .
" I have found that the earlier men use porn , " says Dines , " the more likely they are to have trouble developing close , intimate relationships with real women .
Some of these men prefer porn to sex with an actual human being .
They are bewildered , even angry , when real women do n't want or enjoy porn sex . "
Porn culture does n't only affect men .
It also changes " the way women and girls think about their bodies , their sexuality and their relationships , " says Dines .
" Every group that has fought for liberation understands that media images are part and parcel of the systematic dehumanisation of an oppressed group . . .
The more porn images filter into mainstream culture , the more girls and women are stripped of full human status and reduced to sex objects .
This has a terrible effect on girls ' sexual identity because it robs them of their own sexual desire . "
Images have now become so extreme that acts that were almost non-existent a decade ago have become commonplace .
From studying thousands of porn films and images Dines found that the most popular acts depicted in internet porn include vaginal , oral and anal penetration by three or more men at the same time ; double anal ; double vaginal ; a female gagging from having a penis thrust into her throat ; and ejaculation in a woman 's face , eyes and mouth .
" To think that so many men hate women to the degree that they can get aroused by such vile images is quite profound , " says Dines .
" Pornography is the perfect propaganda piece for patriarchy .
In nothing else is their hatred of us quite as clear . "
Born in Manchester , Dines moved to Israel in 1980 , aged 22 , and soon became involved in the women 's movement .
An event organised by the feminist consciousness - raising group Women against Pornography in Haifa – in which pornography was shown – changed her life forever .
" I was astounded that men could either make such a thing or want to look at it , " she says .
From then on , she knew she had to campaign about the issue .
There were two images from Hustler magazine that she found especially shocking : a cartoon of a construction worker drilling a jackhammer into a woman 's vagina , and one depicting a woman being fed through a meat grinder .
" I was newly married and told my husband that night how appalled I was , which he fully understood , " she says .
" If he had said I was a prude I do n't think I could have stayed with him . "
The couple moved to the US in 1986 , and Dines has taught at Wheelock College , Boston ever since , where she is professor of sociology and women 's studies and chair of the American studies department .
She is something of a lone voice in academia .
Aside from what she says are " a handful " of colleagues across the US , most contemporary scholars are positive about pornography , and Dines thinks this is due to both a fear of being considered in alliance with the religious right and the view that pornography represents and champions sexual liberation .
" Many on the liberal left adopt a view that says pornographers are not businessmen but are simply there to unleash our sexuality from state - imposed constraints , " she says .
This view was reflected in the film The People vs Larry Flynt , where the billionaire pornographer of the film 's title – the head of the Hustler empire – was portrayed as a man simply fighting for freedom of speech .
Dines disputes these ideas .
" Trust me , " she says , " I have interviewed hundreds of pornographers and the only thing that gets them excited is profit . "
As a result of her research , Dines believes that pornography is driving men to commit particular acts of violence towards women .
" I am not saying that a man reads porn and goes out to rape , " she says , " but what I do know is that porn gives permission to its consumers to treat women as they are treated in porn . "
In a recent study , 80 % of men said that the one sex act they would most like to perform is to ejaculate on a woman 's face ; in 2007 , a comment stream on the website Jezebel.com included a number of women who said that , on a first date , they had , to their surprise , experienced their sexual partner ejaculating on their faces without asking .
Sexual assault centres in US colleges have said that more women are reporting anal rape , which Dines attributes directly to the normalisation of such practices in pornography .
" The more porn sexualises violence against women , the more it normalises and legitimises sexually abusive behaviour .
Men learn about sex from porn , and in porn nothing is too painful or degrading for women . "
Dines also says that what she calls " childified porn " has significantly increased in popularity in recent years , with almost 14 m internet searches for " teen sex " in 2006 , an increase of more than 60 % since 2004 .
There are legal sites that feature hardcore images of extremely young - looking women being penetrated by older men , with disclaimers stating all the models are 18 and over .
Dines is clear that regular exposure to such material has an effect of breaking down the taboo about having sex with children .
She recently interviewed a number of men in prison who had committed rape against children .
All were habitual users of child pornography .
" What they said to me was they got bored with ' regular ' porn and wanted something fresh .
They were horrified at the idea of sex with a prepubescent child initially but within six months they had all raped a child . "
What can we expect next from the industry ?
" Nobody knows , including pornographers , " she says , " but they are all looking for something more extreme , more shocking . "
She recently interviewed a well - known pornographer , while his latest film played in the background .
It contained a scene of a woman being anally penetrated while kneeling in a coffin .
In Dines 's view , the best way to address the rise of internet pornography is to raise public awareness about its actual content , and name it as a public health issue by bringing together educators , health professionals , community activists , parents and anti-violence experts to create materials that educate the public .
" Just as we had anti-smoking campaigns , we need an anti-porn campaign that alerts people to the individual and cultural harms it creates . "
" Myths about those of us who hate pornography also need to be dispelled in order to gain more support from progressives , " she says .
" The assumption that if you are a woman who hates pornography you are against sex shows how successful the industry is at collapsing porn into sex . "
Would the critics of the employment practices and products at McDonald 's be accused of being anti-eating , she asks pointedly .
The backlash against Dines and her work is well - documented .
Various pro-porn activists post accusations about her on websites , suggesting she is motivated by money , hates sex , and victimises women to support her supposed anti-male ideology .
Salon.com reported recently that the sex writer , Violet Blue , had launched a pro-porn campaign to counteract an anti-porn conference that Dines and colleagues held last month .
Dines is regularly criticised by pornographers in the trade magazines and on porn websites and she tells me that her college receives letters after any public event at which she is speaking , attacking her views .
Does she ever feel depressed by all this ?
" It gets me down sometimes , of course .
But I try to surround myself with good things – my students , colleagues , and my family . "
She says the blueprint for her aims is the eradication of slavery in the US , which was achieved despite the fact that every single institution was geared to uphold and perpetuate it .
" What is at stake is the nature of the world that we live in , " says Dines .
" We have to wrestle it back . "
LOS ANGELES
THE Harmony Institute wants to change your mind  at the movies .
In the last few weeks , a little - noticed nonprofit with big ideas about the persuasive power of movies and television shows quietly began an initiative aimed at getting filmmakers and others to use the insights and techniques of behavioral psychology in delivering social and political messages through their work .
Harmony , based in New York , was organized by John S. Johnson III , a co-founder of the Buzzfeed.com viral media site and a descendant of a Johnson & Johnson founder , Robert Wood Johnson , and by Adam Wolfensohn , an investment banker who was a producer of the climate change documentary “ Everything ’s Cool . ”
It was a favorite at the Sundance Film Festival in 2007 .
In an interview , Mr. Johnson said the institute was born from his own perception that environmental and social messages in films and television shows were often ineffective .
“ It felt like a lot of preaching to the choir , ” said Mr. Johnson , who spoke of the limited ability of a blatant message movie like “ An Inconvenient Truth ” actually to change minds .
“ It ’s not reaching people , it ’s not expanding the choir . ”
Hackers often pride themselves on their anti-authoritarian and counter culture stance .
So news that former high - profile hacker Adrian Lamo had turned over an Army intelligence analyst to authorities was met with derision by some .
" A lot of people have labelled me a snitch , " Mr Lamo told BBC News .
" I guess I deserve that on this one but not as a generality . "
" This was a very hard decision for me . "
Mr Lamo is a former hacker , who exposed security flaws at the New York Times , Yahoo and Microsoft .
After a brief stint hiding from the FBI , Mr Lamo was imprisoned and fined .
He now works as a journalist and security analyst .
' By the book '
Mr Lamo says that he was responsible for reporting Specialist ( SPC ) Brad Manning to the military authorities after the analyst boasted to him that he had handed over thousands of classified documents and classified military video to whistle - blower site Wikileaks .
One video posted to the site shows a US Apache helicopter killing up to 12 people - including two Reuters journalists - during an attack in Baghdad in 2007 .
Two children were also seriously injured in the attack .
Some of the men were armed .
Mr Manning , 22 , reportedly acquired the video during the course of his work at a US Military field base FOB Hammer , on the outskirts of Baghdad .
I did n't want any more FBI agents knocking at the door Adrian Lamo US intelligence analyst arrested
Mr Lamo said that he did not suspect anything unusual when Mr Manning contacted him over instant messenger and e-mail .
" I 'm contacted on a daily basis by all kinds of people who confess to all kinds of federal crimes , " he said .
" I have never once turned them in , even when the FBI offered me a deal . "
However , after Mr Manning confessed to distributing the documents , Mr Lamo said that his stance changed and he " felt the need to contact investigators " .
" At the moment he gave me the information , it was basically a suicide pact . "
" I was worried for my family - that if I were obstructing justice that they could be caught up in any investigation , " he said .
" I wanted to do this one by the book , by the numbers .
I did n't want any more FBI agents knocking at the door . "
Code words
Mr Lamo also said that he had decided to report Mr Manning for reasons of national security .
Instead of going straight to the authorities , Mr Lamo disclosed the information to " a friend " who had worked as an agent in the Army counter intelligence unit .
" He put me in touch with some of his former colleagues who he felt could handle the issue in a low key way , " he said .
Image caption WikiLeaks has established a reputation for publishing sensitive materials Who are WikiLeaks ?
Four agents - from different federal and military agencies - turned up at his house to read the conversation logs - from his e-mail and instant messenger conversations with Mr Manning - " one by one " , he added .
" I gave them conversation logs that implicated Special Agent Manning .
" They were particularly interested in a code word for a major operation . "
Mr Lamo also described how Mr Manning had supposedly obtained the documents .
" He described the process of operational security in detail , " said Mr Lamo .
" What he described was a culture of insecurity with poor attention to information .
" The field base did n't have significant security . "
' Impossible decision '
He said that Mr Manning would download the documents from a room that needed a unique security code to access it .
However , security on the base had slipped , he said .
" He said you 'd knock on the door and they 'd let you in . "
Mr Lamo said that Mr Manning would take a CD labelled Lady Gaga into the room which he would load into a computer .
I want to be proud of it but I can't bring myself to be Adrian Lamo
" Basically he sat down and started burning data to the CD whilst pretending to be bopping along . "
Mr Manning would then upload the documents to Wikileaks servers , which are held in various countries around the world and anonymise the source .
Wikileaks has not confirmed Mr Manning as the source of the video and has said it never collects personal information on sources .
It said that it has not been sent 260,000 classified US embassy cables that Mr Manning reportedly leaked to the site .
Wikileaks also questions Mr Lamo 's credibility .
However , the US military has confirmed that Mr Manning has been detained on suspicion of leaking classified documents and video .
He is being held " in pre-trial confinement " in Kuwait .
" I want to be proud of it but I can't bring myself to be .
I keep thinking about what it was like being 22 , alone and not knowing about my future , " said Mr Lamo .
" Knowing that I did that to somebody - it hurts .
I feel like I should be talking to a priest . "
He said he had been placed in a situation where " an impossible decision had to be made " .
" I hope that Manning gets the same chance as I did - the same chance to take his punishment as I did and start a new life as I did . "
" I like to think I prevented him from getting into more serious trouble . "
This is outrageous .
We need real change in Iowa and frankly , Grassley 's just been there too long .
He 's held office longer than President Obama has been alive and we need someone who is not in the pocket of special interests .
I 'll be on a panel at 3 pm on Friday discussing : Why Women are the Key to the Future of Progressive Victories in Brasilia 2 .
I 've stood up to corporations on behalf of ordinary citizens my entire life .
I secured $ 180 million in cash for the people of Iowa from Microsoft when they were overcharging .
I directed $ 60 million into our schools to close the digital divide and make sure Iowa 's kids are the leaders of the next generation .
I will govern in the Senate like a I 've run my grassroots campaign - as a Senator concerned with the next generation and not the next election !
I 'll be around for a bit to answer questions in the comments below , and if you 're at Netroots Nation , make sure to come say hello !
If you want to get involved , I hope you 'll join my campaign at RoxanneForIowa.com now .
Thanks !
In the age of misandry , each and every day is a day when you can say , “ Just when I thought I saw it all . ”
Now a man ends up in prison for rape … because he lied about his religion .
Just recently in Israel an Arab man was sentenced to 18 months in prison for “ raping ” a Jewish woman .
A court ruled that her consent to having sex with the man , who she had just met , was invalid because the man had told the woman he was Jewish .
The story went like this .
The couple met in 2008 by serendipity in downtown Jerusalem .
The man , 30 year old Sabbar Kashur , allegedly told the woman he was a Jewish bachelor seeking a serious relationship .
Preliminaries dispensed with , the couple immediately retreated to a nearby building and had sex .
Later the woman , who is of course unnamed , discovered that Kashur was not Jewish and filed charges .
The judges in the case agreed with her , citing that “ If she had n’t thought the accused was a Jewish bachelor interested in a serious romantic relationship , she would n’t have cooperated . ”
Cooperated ?
Wait just a damned minute .
The idea that sex is something that happens just by the “ cooperation ” of the woman rules out the idea that mutually consensual sex ever happens in the first place .
Two people do n’t find themselves attracted to each other and just decide to have sex ?
The man decides , and the woman only cooperates with him ?
While racism also obviously played a role in this ( Israelis imprison Arabs by the truckload ) , it is also clear that modern day Israeli coochie has lapdogs aplenty in their criminal justice system .
Now , I am not going to bash this woman for having sex with a man as part of a formal introduction .
It is a free sexual world and women have gained the sexual liberation they demanded .
That works for me .
But you have to ask , just how discerning could she have been if her only criteria for cooperating with him was to hear he was Jewish and single ?
Ah , but as always is the case these days , the lesson in discernment here is for him .
I suppose it never entered the judges minds that she got to know this guy well enough to satisfy her criteria , and obvious desire , for a quick fuck , and then turned legal terrorist when she found out her Mr. Right Now had not been as forthcoming as she wanted .
It puts women in the role of very dangerous children , and makes every man a predator .
How man men have , say , lied about their income to make themselves more appealing to the money grubbers out there ?
Are they now all rapists ?
How about the guy that is a recovering alcoholic and does n’t want to tell someone that until he knows them well enough ?
Is he a rapist for not putting that on the table ?
Where are the limits to this ?
And it must be asked , though it certainly wo n’t be in any venue that matters , what about women that lie to men in order to get them interested in a sexual relationship ?
I once had a woman lie to me about her age .
If she had told the truth , I would likely have passed .
Did she rape me ?
Sorry , I forgot , only women can be raped .
Sexual freedom has become a womans domain , and with it has come unfettered power to take on the role of black widow , destroying any man with whom she cooperates .
One more rigged game in a rigged system where women hold all the cards and men just pay for whatever their whim of the moment happens to be .
I know , I know .
Not all women are like that .
Florida police charged James " Jimmy " Davis in the gruesome murder of former Thundercats writer Stephen Perry ( pictured here ) , who went missing from his Florida home in May and was reported dead later that month .
Advertisement
ThunderCats Writer Murdered Stephen Perry , who was a writer for 1980s cartoon ThunderCats , recently went missing .
His van was …
Read more
Authorities found Perry 's arm and torso in two separate locations since the writer 's disappearance and today charged Davis with first - degree murder of the former writer , according to a report in the Tampa Tribune .
Advertisement
Zephyrhills , Florida police chief David Shears called the case " unusual and complex , " according to the Tribune , which reported that authorities still do not have a motive for the killing .
The paper reports that drug and money issues could be a factor .
Davis was already being held in a Land O' Lakes , Florida jail on a drug trafficking charge .
Davis and his wife , who is considered by police as a person of interest in the slaying , had been roommates of Perry .
Krystal Carroll , who had a child with Perry , said that the writer wanted to kick them out .
Carroll told the paper that the murder charge gave her some feeling of closure to what has obviously been a terrible situation .
Advertisement
Perry wrote several episodes of the hit 80s cartoon Thundercats .
Former roommate charged with murder in death of comic book writer [ Tampa Tribune , thanks Ray . ]
Article content
Six members of a Satanic cult in Russia have been jailed for up to 20 years for killing four teens in a “ ritual sacrifice , ” dismembering them and then eating their body parts , the U.K. ’s Daily Telegraph reports
.
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or Russian Satanists jailed for killing 4 teens in ritual sacrifice , eating body parts Back to video
From the Telegraph
:
The six were found guilty of “ murdering four people with the aim of carrying out an initiation ritual into a sect and of desecrating the bodies of the dead , ” a court in the city of Yaroslavl , north - east of Moscow , said in a statement .
into the forest with promises of alcohol .
Prosecutors then said they killed the teens in a ceremony that involved stabbing them 666 times .
The six were minors when they killed the teens in late June 2008 , prosecutors said , adding that the bodies were desecrated and their possessions robbed before being buried in the forest .
The group allegedly cooked some of the body parts including hearts and tongues before eating them .
The teens were buried and the Satanists marked the spot with an inverted cross and a dead cat .
The bodies were discovered in August 2008 .
All six were found guilty of murder and four members of the group were found guilty of desecrating the victims ’ bodies .
The longest sentence of 20 years was given to the group ’s alleged leader , a 20 - year - old man named Nikolai Ogolobnyak .
Investigators said the group was formed in 2006 and began with sacrificing dogs and cats .
The prosecutor in the case said the crimes were “ inhumane ” and “ revolting . ”
Suddenly they became small and scrappy without the huge accounts , vast office space and bottomless expenses of yesteryear .
And that final episode , as Don banded his loyalists together to start a new firm , was the most exhilarating moment of the season .
Now , at the beginning of Season 4 , which begins next Sunday , it ’s a year later , and the executives of Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce go on cattle calls to woo clients .
Contracts melt away .
The business is precarious and copywriters stoop to publicity stunts to gin up business .
His personal life is just as altered .
Betty is freshly embarked on a new marriage with Henry Francis ( Christopher Stanley ) , an older man and an aide to Nelson Rockefeller .
Henry , who has grown children from a previous marriage , promises Betty a better life  though this one comes with a scornful mother - in - law .
And Don , who had women falling over themselves trying to get him into bed when he was married , finds himself alone in a dark Greenwich Village apartment , shining his own shoes and going out on blind dates .
Being a bachelor back in those days , before the pill was widely used by single women and the arrival of “ The Sensuous Woman , ” did not automatically include swinging .
Don tries to kiss a young woman in the back of a cab but ca n’t get any further .
She wo n’t let him accompany her to the door to the Barbizon , then a women - only hotel , because , as she puts it coyly , “ I know that trick . ”
Image Betty , played by January Jones , is freshly embarked on a new marriage in Season 4 . Credit ...
Carin Baer / AMC
“ Mad Men ” keeps confounding expectations  the ’60s fashion , mores and cultural landmarks keep getting more familiar , but the characters maintain an elusive weirdness .
Betty looks like Grace Kelly , but she seems blandly prosaic  except when she picks up a BB gun and shoots the neighbor ’s pigeons , a cigarette dangling from her perfectly curved lips .
Across - the - board tax cuts enacted under President George W. Bush are set to expire at the end of the year , stoking the political debate over tax policy .
President Barack Obama campaigned on the position that lower tax rates should only be extended for single people who make less than $ 200,000 a year , or couples who make less than $ 250,000 .
Republicans , on the other hand , want the lower tax rates to stay in place for everyone .
One of the arguments Republicans use to support tax cuts for the wealthy is that most are small business owners .
Conservative pundit Stephen Hayes made the case on ABC News '
This Week , after U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner affirmed the Obama administration 's commitment to raising taxes on high earners .
" The people that we 're talking about , these so - called wealthy , most of them are small - business owners , " Hayes said .
" So if you 're talking about cutting taxes for people who can put people back to work , that 's who you 're talking about . "
It 's certainly more politically palatable to urge lower taxes for mom-and - pop business owners than for Wall Street fat cats .
But is it true that most of the rich are small business owners ?
We fact - checked similar claims during the 2008 election , so we 're familiar with the sources that both sides use to argue this point .
The basis for Hayes ' claim comes from details gleaned from Internal Revenue Service data .
The U.S. Treasury Department found in 2007 that many of the wealthiest tax filers report some type of non-wage income , such as income from a sole proprietorship , a partnership or an S corporation .
( An S corporation is simply a corporation that chooses to pass corporate income , losses , deductions and credit through to their shareholders for federal tax purposes . )
The Treasury Department estimated that 75 percent of tax payers in the top bracket reported this type of income .
Does this mean that all those wealthy taxpayers were small business owners ?
Probably not .
This kind of income could be reported from anyone who earned money from a source other than a regular job , such as consulting or public speaking .
It could also be reported by those who make most of their income from partnerships , such as law firms and medical practices .
And it could include investors who have little involvement in the day - to - day operations of a company .
It 's impossible to know how many of these high earners are what most people think of as small business owners .
One indication , however , might be if these wealthy taxpayers reported that most of their income was from this business - type income .
The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center analyzed IRS data in March 2009 , looking to see how many wealthy tax filers could say that half of their income or more came from business income .
The center found that , among the wealthiest filers -- the top 1 percent -- only 25 percent earned more than half their income from business - type income .
The percentages for non-wage income were even smaller among taxpayers earning less .
( Editor 's note : After we initially published this item , the Tax Policy Center released a new analysis looking at business income by tax bracket .
They found that in the top bracket , only 32.5 percent earned more than half their income that way . )
Hayes defended his statement in an e-mail to PolitiFact .
While he conceded that not every tax filer who reports business income is a small business owner , he said he found the 50 percent cut - off for defining owners arbitrary .
" I can see not counting as a ' small business owner ' someone who makes $ 500,000 in from an employer and $ 2,000 in small business income .
And if we included all of those people the number would be comfortably above ' most ' among the top earners .
So reasonable people can disagree about where to draw that line .
But it seems odd that we would not count as a ' small business owner ' someone who owns a small business that generates 49 percent of her overall income , " he said .
There 's one final point we want to clarify here for our readers , because we 've been asked about this before :
If you are a small business owner yourself , you would have to be a whiz running a very profitable small business to get hit with a tax increase under the plan Obama supports .
You would have to report total income of more than $ 200,000 ( or $ 250,000 for couples ) after all your business expenses were deducted .
You may remember this being a key point during the Joe the Plumber debate during the 2008 campaign when Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher said to then candidate Obama , " I 'm getting ready to buy a company that makes 250 to 280 thousand dollars a year .
Your new tax plan 's going to tax me more , is n't it ? "
Back then , the Tax Policy Center analyzed all taxpayers , of any income level , who report these types of business income .
They found only about 2 percent of them would see tax increases if the government increased the rates on the top earners .
So the vast majority of possible small business owners would not see a tax increase if the Bush tax cuts expire for those in the top incomes .
In conclusion , do many wealthy tax payers report types of business income that might be from owning a small business ?
Sure .
But it 's impossible to tell how many meet the definition of what most of us think of when we think of small business owners .
Other data indicate that among all tax payers who might be small business owners , most would not see taxes go up if the Bush tax cuts for the highest earners are allowed to expire .
Hayes said that " these so - called wealthy , most of them are small - business owners . "
We rate that statement Barely True .
Via Twitpic Developing ... my twitter has a play by play of today 's events so far @vincefernando
---
All hell is breaking loose in Thailand now .
The army moved to clear protesters out of their main Ratchprasong encampment this morning , moving slowly inwards towards the main protest stage while encountering sporadic resistance in the outer area of the protest site .
There were some limited casualties , including foreign journalists , though we 'll wait for official confirmation of the exact counts .
Via Twitpic
Yet even after the key Thai protest leaders surrendered themselves to police and told their followers that the protest was over , riots spontaneously broke out across Bangkok and in upcountry provinces .
There are now multiple locations in Bangkok where protesters are angry and burning tires , burning buildings , and clashing with security forces .
Even upcountry ,
Thai television has shown mobs of protesters storming some town halls and lighting them on fire .
Symbols of the Thai establishment appear to have been targeted .
For example , protesters immediately tried to burn down the luxury Central World shopping mall next to their main protest stage .
One Thai TV station , Channel 3 , is also reportedly besieged by people .
One odd occurrence in our view has involved the Thai stock exchange .
It actually ended in the green today , despite Asia being generally down .
Apparently investors under-estimated the implications of the army crackdown today .
It 's not as easy as forcing a few people into submission .
Well it 's been now made pretty clear , especially because the stock market building itself is now on fire :
Via Twitpic
UPDATE : Things continue to get dicey , it appears that protest / riot points are appearing in new areas of the city .
Via twitter I have received reports of banks being set ablaze ( banks who have been seen as sympathetic ot the establishment perhaps ) , and a large electricity building burnt down .
A huge luxury shopping mall called Central World is also reported to have a massive fire and could burn down .
Moreover the mobile phone network is going down in some places probably as cell towers burn .
Here it is , Central World pic via reporter Micheal Yon 's twitter :
Here 's a video of an upcountry riot , as an example .
I ’ve made a new thing , Today ’s Guardian , a website that features today ’s edition of the Guardian ( or the Observer on Sundays ) .
Hopefully it ’s as easy to browse through today ’s newspaper as it would be with the print edition .
It ’s made using the Guardian ’s Content API .
Read on for the thoughts behind it …
I ’ve blogged before about my dissatisfaction with news sources ( eg , 1 , 2 ) , and earlier in the year I realised that one of the major problems online was delivery of text - based news .
There was no online news source that I could browse and read as easily as I could a print newspaper .
I identified three main issues that a better online news - reading solution should address :
I ’ll discuss each in turn , but in some depth .
If you ’re short of time you could jump straight to the summary .
News about the site will be posted on Twitter at @todaysguardian .
Friction
By friction I mean any events that take place before you start reading a news article , which is the thing we want to do .
These events could be physical actions or decisions you have to make .
Let ’s assume you have a newspaper in front of you , or you have a news website open in your browser .
What are the points of pre-reading friction ?
With a newspaper there ’s almost no friction involved with the articles on the front page .
Without thinking about it your eyes will drift across the page and might settle on an article and begin reading .
You will , at some level , have to make a decision about whether to pause and read something , but it ’s a decision with few consequences — you know you can stop reading the article at any point without investing much more physical effort or decision - making , at least up to point at which the article continues on another page .
The next point of friction is when you ’ve exhausted the front page and you must decide whether to continue .
While the earlier decisions about whether to read an article had few consequences , the consequence of this decision is slightly greater : you will have to turn the page ( either to page two , a random internal page , the back page , or to another section ) .
Turning the page is possibly the greatest point of friction we ’ll discuss — turning a page is a larger physical action than clicking a link on a web page , for example .
If you ’ve casually picked up a newspaper you might not pass this point — it ’s enough friction to make you put the paper down .
But it is , nevertheless , a simple decision : yes or no ?
If you choose “ yes ” , the rewards are relatively large : you will have several articles to choose from , all requiring almost no further friction to begin reading .
So if you do turn the page , we ’re simply back to the point of making the very small decisions about which article to read next , if any .
Let ’s now look at the friction involved in reading most news websites ( eg , the Guardian itself , BBC News or CNN ) .
Initially there is very little friction — the pages are almost designed to be friction - free .
It ’s easy to take in much of the initial content without deciding whether to invest any effort .
Your eyes skate over the small images , the headlines and the explanatory blurbs .
It could be that one article grabs you and you ’ll eagerly click the article without even thinking .
That ’s pretty good ; little decision - making has to happen there .
But otherwise you now must decide which of the large number of articles you want to read .
This is very different to a newspaper front page on which we have a small number of articles but can start reading any of them immediately .
Online we have many articles but ca n’t start reading any of them without performing an action .
( When discussing newspapers I have in mind the “ quality ” press here , and I ’m also ignoring the teasers they often litter around the front page — I tend to see these as adverts for the potential purchaser , rather than the equivalent of “ links ” to content inside for the post - purchase reader .
It ’s very rare I ’d read a teaser and turn immediately to the relevant page to read the article . )
This decision , about which headline to click on the news website , is a tricky one , with a lot of potential friction involved .
If we click the link we ’ll have to wait for the next page to load and , once we ’ve read the article , we must perform another action to get back to the front page , assuming we want to continue reading — another decision !
With every single article we must weigh up how much we want to read it , based on a headline and maybe some blurb , with the effort involved .
And if we decide to read the article and then regret our decision , we still have to expend the same effort : click the link , then return to the front page .
For every story .
So , with a newspaper the biggest points of friction are turning the pages — the paper is most likely to lose us once we ’ve exhausted a spread .
And this decision is a little gamble , the paper promising us that there will be something worth reading if we turn the page .
But we do n’t know what will be there .
So , even if it ’s a paper we would n’t normally read , that we perhaps picked up in a cafe or on a train , this hope , that there will be something worth reading , may be enough to make us turn the page .
Between these page - turning points of large decision there is very little friction when it comes to deciding what to read .
Once the page is turned , it ’s easy .
Newspaper stories come in small , almost friction - free groups .
But with online news websites , every single article has a point of friction associated with it .
Does that headline make us think the article will be worth a couple of clicks and a momentary wait ?
And once we ’ve exhausted the front page we must decide where to go next .
This is different to the simple “ Shall I turn the newspaper page ? ” decision , with its two options and its unknown prize .
We must now decide which article to visit , if any , from the large choice on offer .
When we click one , we know what we ’re going to get ; there ’s no unknown prize .
And after reading it we ’re back to the start , with the same decision to be made .
Most news websites are exactly the same from this point of view .
It ’s as if the front page of a print newspaper contained only a bunch of small pictures and headlines , rather than the beginnings of stories .
( Some newspapers ’ front pages might feature nothing but one big picture , which it ’s tempting to compare to a website splash screen but , given the different purchasing and consumption patterns of the two media — a newspaper must attract a purchaser before it can be read — it ’s not a useful comparison in this context . )
Are there any news website front pages which are more like those of newspapers ?
That display big chunks of the text of the most important stories , rather than dozens of headlines and blurbs ?
I ’d love to see some sites that are different .
The New York Times ’
Skimmer is an interesting attempt to reduce some of this reading friction , and I wrote about it last year .
While the front page is more like those of news websites rather than newspapers — there ’s a decision to make before reading any article — the decisions are slightly easier because of the site ’s speed .
Because new section pages and articles are loaded using javascript , rather than causing a complete page refresh , things move more quickly — the consequence of clicking is slightly less .
However the article pages are still fairly heavy in terms of load time and they fail in terms of the second of our three issues , Readability .
Readability
By readability I mean how easy it is to read an article .
There are many design ( and editorial and technical and marketing … ) decisions that affect readability .
With most news sites it feels that these decisions are made in favour of the website ’s owners rather its readers .
Can the reading experience be better if we think about the design from the point of view of an individual reader ?
Advertising , for example , does not make an article more readable .
Obviously , they ’re currently essential for sites run by commercial organisations that require this kind of income , but they do n’t help readers in any way .
They increase the loading time of pages and they ’re an irrelevant distraction from the article you ’ve arrived to read .
Even if they ’re not animated , making noises , or floating in front of the text of the article .
Navigation can also get in the way .
Taking an article that ’s closest to hand right now , this one ( pictured below ) from the New York Times , it does n’t start until more than half - way down the screen if I ’m using my laptop , thanks to a combination of advertising and around seven levels of navigation and orientation devices .
And that ’s just the article ’s title .
The first paragraph is the only part of the article body that I can read without performing another action , scrolling .
Navigation also includes all the stuff around most news articles : links to print , email , share , recommend , Twitter , etc ; links to other services the site offers ; links to related third - party sites ; links to related articles ; links to unrelated articles ; in - house adverts for books , jobs , etc .
All of this is clutter , some of which is conceivably relevant , but all of it distracting from the page ’s main purpose : reading an article .
User comments on news sites are n’t necessarily distracting — they generally appear below an article — but like everything else they add to the loading times and slightly detract from the focus of the page .
Are they worth it ?
Personally , I think not .
They rarely foster “ community ” on major news websites and the few comments that add to one ’s understanding of an article will be lost among the howling majority .
Readability is perhaps most reduced by sites that split articles over several pages , such as the New Yorker or Wired magazine .
There ’s no way in which this is anything but a hindrance to the user ’s objective : reading .
The tool coincidentally called Readability is a partial solution to some of these problems , allowing you to read any web page in a clutter - free format that ’s simply but readably styled .
The new Safari Reader feature of Apple ’s web browser replicates this functionality .
It seems surprising that one large company ( Apple ) recognises that other companies ( owners of websites ) are acting against the interests of their customers and has decided to create a tool to solve these problems .
It ’s a shame that such tools are even necessary .
If you were creating a site whose purpose is to provide articles to read , would n’t you want to make it perform that task really well ?
Make the articles readable ?
Rather than add features that degrade this performance ?
( I know , you cynics ; these sites ’ fundamental purpose is n’t to provide the news , but to make money for shareholders or the company , but I ’m being idealistic . )
Finishability
The third and final issue is n’t crucial for a news website as a whole , but it ’s something I miss when going to read the news on one .
I wrote about the concept of finishability a while ago , but I ’ll go over it again in this context .
When I read a newspaper I ’m holding a coherent package of news .
“ Here , ” it says , “ is what you should know today . ”
Once I ’ve read it — or , at least , flicked through it — I know I ’m up to date .
I do n’t need to read anything until tomorrow ’s newspaper , which will catch me up with everything that happened in the intervening time .
And while I ’m reading the paper I know how much there is remaining — the pages in my right hand — and I know when I ’m done .
This is very much not the case with a news website .
There is no sense of an ending .
There is no way I can be sure I ’ve at least decided whether to read “ everything ” .
There is , on most websites , no way I can be sure I ’ve seen all that ’s been published since I last visited .
This is fine if you visit frequently , or rarely , or sporadically .
If you just want a dose of what ’s happening “ nowish ” , news websites are designed to show you that .
But if you want the equivalent of a newspaper —
“ Here is what you should know today ” — you ’ve gone to the wrong place .
Not everyone does want this , many people just want “ nowish ” , but if and when you do want something else , there ’s nowhere to go online , no daily newspaper equivalent .
OK , there are a few options .
The Guardian publishes a list of articles in today ’s paper , although it ’s not very friendly and could n’t be more friction - heavy .
The digital editions of newspapers at NewspaperDirect are literally the closest thing to print newspapers but I doubt this is an ideal solution for reading the content online ( I have n’t tried them ) .
The Guardian ’s iPhone app is rather nice in many ways , but it does n’t score highly on the finishability front .
I often feel lost within it , and I have no sense of how much there is left to read .
Have I seen all of the “ UK News ” articles ?
Were the ones I did see the most important ?
Have I missed any sections out ?
An old criticism of newspapers , old enough to pre-date the web , is that they ’re arbitrary amounts of news .
Every day there ’s just enough news to fill the newspaper , nothing more , nothing less .
This is true , but unless you have the time and facility to read about everything that happened in the world in the past 24 hours , you ’ll always have to stop reading somewhere .
Whether it ’s because you ’ve got to the last page , you ’ve got bored clicking round the website , or you ’ve run out of time .
Whatever the medium , you ’re only ever reading about a subset of events .
What I get with a newspaper ’s subset of events is a coherent package .
If I have faith in the priorities of a newspaper ’s editors then I get a sense I ’ve read everything that ’s most important today .
I wo n’t have missed a chunk of important news because I forgot to click a link to a particular section of a website , or because I meant to go back and read something else but got distracted .
I ’ve worked my way through , from start to finish , and read “ today ” .
Of course , I often disagree with the priorities of a newspaper ’s editors .
Less so with my paper of choice , the Guardian , but still frequently .
However , tackling that is a bigger , harder , more complicated issue .
And right now the least bad solution is to rely on people who have experience , some of whose views I agree with , to choose what counts as news today .
An alternative might be to read what ’s popular but I do n’t want my sole knowledge of the world events to be determined by what ’s being sent round on email .
Summary
So that ’s the thinking behind my Today ’s Guardian website .
I wanted something with reduced friction .
There should be as few difficult decisions as possible , nothing harder than “ shall I turn the page ? ” .
I wanted to avoid having to make a big decision before reading an article .
It should be as quick and effortless as possible , as close to how easy it is to start reading an article in a newspaper .
This meant , for me , ditching any kind of conventional news website front page , or contents page .
No lists of headlines , no decisions about which article to visit .
Unusually , perhaps uniquely , for a news website the front page is a single story .
Ideally this is the most important news of the day , although sometimes it ’s the newspaper ’s “ other ” front page item — it ’s based on the order of articles here .
Having a single story on the front page is terrible if a site wants to maximise page views and advertising etc .
You might see that one article , think it ’s boring , and go elsewhere .
But that ’s not my concern .
I ’m trying to make a site that makes it easy to read a newspaper , not support an entire company .
Reducing friction is the toughest of these three issues .
There must be many possible design and technical solutions to improve the standard way of providing news to read online .
I also wanted something with high readability .
No clutter around the articles , as little navigation as possible , no comments , no distractions ( aside from the Guardian ’s ads which should appear soon and are a condition of using their API ) .
Freed from the usual corporate constraints , this is very easy to do .
Finally , I wanted finishability .
I wanted to be able to read today ’s news , know I ’d read it all , and that I ’m done until tomorrow .
Again , this is not too difficult if you ’re willing to accept that the contents of the print newspaper is a reasonable solution .
Although the finished site looks nothing like a newspaper I think it has more in common with newspapers ’ best features than most news websites do .
The sense of browsing quickly through stories and reading the ones that catch your eye , feels similar .
While I ’ve had something like this in mind for a year or more , some of the ideas have probably been confirmed in recent months by the arrival of the iPad and apps like BERG ’s Popular Science + and Wired ’s , both of which have a similar structure — articles next to each other horizontally .
As I was building the site it felt like I was trying to make a website that was as easy to use as an iPad app .
Having said that , the site is n’t currently optimised for the iPad , iPhone or other mobile devices ; I hope to do that over the next week or so .
There are probably many ways to achieve these three goals , of improving friction , readability and finishability ; Today ’s Guardian is one attempt .
If you have any comments about the site or the ideas , please post a comment below or email me .
UPDATE : A week later , and I ’ve posted another piece about common feature requests .
( 16 June 2010 )
UPDATE 2 : I ’ve posted the source code at Github .
Read more .
( 17 January 2011 )
UPDATE 3 : I made some small improvements to the site .
Read more .
( 16 June 2011 )
Only one US state has allowed same - sex marriages so far
But the court says it is for the legislature to decide whether the state will honour gay marriage or some other form of civil union .
Lawmakers have been given six months to decide whether to change marriage laws .
It follows a case brought by seven gay couples , who claimed that the state 's constitution entitled them to marry .
" Times and attitudes have changed , " the New Jersey State Supreme Court said in its 90 - page ruling .
But it concluded that it " cannot find that the right to same - sex marriage is a fundamental right under our constitution " .
Domestic partnerships
New Jersey is one of only five US states without either a law or a state constitutional amendment blocking same - sex marriage .
Advocates on both sides had believed it was more likely than other states to allow gay people to wed , as it has a tradition of expanding civil rights .
The state authorised domestic partnerships two years ago .
Currently , only Massachusetts allows same - sex marriages .
Massachusetts is the only US state to allow gay weddings
The court 's decision was welcomed as a partial victory by both advocates and critics of gay marriage .
" It may not be a complete win , but it is a very substantial win , " said Matt Coles of the American Civil Liberties Union .
But Michael Behrens , a lawyer for the Coalition to Preserve and Protect Marriage , said the court had stopped short of granting homosexual couples the rights to the benefits of marriage .
In July , the top court in Washington state upheld a gay marriage ban .
The decision followed a string of setbacks for same - sex marriage advocates in other parts of the US , including in several states where votes were held on amending bans on same - sex unions .
Cases similar to that in New Jersey are pending in California , Connecticut , Iowa and Maryland .
Lawyers for the seven couples had asked the court to overturn an appeals court ruling that the New Jersey legislature must decide whether gay marriage should be allowed , rather than the state 's Supreme Court .
The ruling means that the appeals court decision was upheld and it remains the responsibility of the legislature to take the decision on sanctioning gay marriage .
