It may be the longest chain e-mail we 've ever received .
A page - by - page analysis of the House health care bill argues that reform will end the health care system as we know it : " Page 29 : Admission : your health care will be rationed ! ...
Page 42 : The ' Health Choices Commissioner ' will decide health benefits for you .
You will have no choice .
...
Page 50 : All non -US citizens , illegal or not , will be provided with free health care services . "
Most of what the e-mail says is wrong .
In fact , it 's a clearinghouse of bad information circulating around the Web about proposed health care changes , so we thought it would be helpful to address a bunch of its claims .
To check this e-mail , we read the health care bill ourselves .
Yes , it 's over 1,000 pages long , but that 's not as long as you might think :
The document has large margins , so the text only takes up about one third of each page .
We also read the bill 's legislative summary , a report published by the House that explains the bill in greater detail .
Finally , we consulted with Jennifer Tolbert , an independent health care analyst at the Kaiser Family Foundation , a nonpartisan foundation that studies health care reform .
Tolbert has read and analyzed all the major health proposals , including those of the Republicans , and the foundation provides point - by - point analyses of the plans on its Web site .
We 're hardened , battle - scarred fact - checkers , so false claims in e-mails do n't really surprise us anymore .
But we sent Tolbert a copy of the latest from our in - box , and she was none too pleased .
" It 's awful , " she said .
" It 's flat - out , blatant lies .
It 's unbelievable to me how they can claim to reference the legislation and then make claims that are blatantly false . "
The claim that the bill provides free health care for illegal immigrants is particularly egregious , Tolbert said .
" No one 's provided with free health care .
That 's ridiculous , " she said .
We looked for promises of free health care for immigrants and found nothing .
So we 've rated this claim Pants on Fire !
Another claim that 's Pants on Fire ! is the following : " Page 42 : The ' Health Choices Commissioner ' will decide health benefits for you .
You will have no choice .
None . "
To explain this one , we will start with an explanation of the overall bill , which was unveiled July 14 , 2009 .
The bill envisions that everyone will be required to have health insurance .
People who get health insurance through work satisfy this requirement right off the bat .
People who do n't get insurance through work or other groups will go to the health care exchange ; it 's designed to help people who have to go off on their own to buy health insurance , and for small businesses with few employees .
The reason for the exchange is that the government wants to regulate insurers to make sure that health plans clearly explain what they offer , can't refuse people for pre-existing conditions , and must offer basic levels of service .
" This is designed to protect consumers from plans that have outrageous cost - sharing or really limited benefits , " Tolbert said .
" It 's to ensure that they 're actually getting coverage and not a junk policy . "
A key point here is that employer - provided insurance is already subject to this kind of regulation .
Employer - provided insurance has to meet certain requirements to win its tax - exempt status .
That 's why , if you get insurance through work , you 're not asked about pre-existing conditions , and you pay the same rate as all of your fellow co-workers .
The bill says that a Health Choices commissioner will run the exchange , and that he or she will make sure that insurers are offering basic benefits and adhering to the regulations .
Individuals then choose their own plan from offerings on the exchange .
The health commissioner does not " decide health benefits for you . "
To the extent that insurance plans have to meet basic requirements , those instructions are ultimately coming from Congress .
The commissioner executes the rules .
One of the few claims from the e-mail that is truthful is the statement that " All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange . "
This was confirmed by our reading of the legislation , and Tolbert agreed with the statement as well .
The legislation intends to more closely regulate health insurance , so it requires plans to follow the rules if they want to sell insurance through the exchange .
We rated the statement True .
The e-mail includes almost 50 claims about the health care bill in its original form .
( The bill is still in Congress , so it 's expected to change as members negotiate for votes . )
We 've ruled on the first 15 claims below .
We wanted to publish our initial findings promptly , and we 're still deciding whether we should proceed with checking all the claims after finding so many problems with the first batch .
We 'll make our decision based on reader feedback , so e-mail us your thoughts at [ email protected ] or message us via Twitter @ politifact .
The e-mail begins , " Subject : A few highlights from the first 500 pages of the Healthcare bill in congress .
Contact your Representatives and let them know how you feel about this .
We , as a country , cannot afford another 1000 page bill to go through congress without being read .
Another 500 pages to go .
I have highlighted a few of the items that are down right unconstitutional . "
Below are the e-mail 's assertions , followed by our findings .
• Page 22 : Mandates audits of all employers that self - insure !
False : Section 113 of the bill requires the Health Choices commissioner to conduct a study to make sure health reform does not unintentionally create incentives for businesses to self - insure or create adverse selection in the risk pools of insured plans .
There is no mandated audit .
• Page 29 : Admission : your health care will be rationed !
False : Section 122 outlines broad categories of benefits that must be included in an essential benefits package .
It prohibits cost - sharing for preventive care and limits annual out - of - pocket spending to $ 5,000 for an individual and $ 10,000 for a family , indexed for inflation .
It says nothing about rationing or limiting treatment .
• Page 30 : A government committee will decide what treatments and benefits you get ( and , unlike an insurer , there will be no appeals process ) Barely True : Section 123 establishes a Health Benefits Advisory Committee that makes recommendations on what types of health insurance coverage will be defined as basic , enhanced or premium .
The committee will be chaired by the surgeon general , with members appointed by the president , the comptroller general , and representatives of federal agencies .
This committee makes recommendations on insurance regulations , so in that sense it does set standards for benefits .
But it does not make decisions about treatments for individuals .
• Page 42 : The " Health Choices Commissioner " will decide health benefits for you .
You will have no choice .
None .
Pants on Fire ! : Section 142 outlines the duties of the Health Choices commissioner , who is charged with regulating insurers .
The commissioner should seek insurers to offer different types of insurance , including basic , enhanced and premium .
Individuals will be able to choose among competing insurers who are regulated via the exchange .
• Page 50 : All non-US citizens , illegal or not , will be provided with free health care services .
Pants on Fire !
Section 152 includes a generic nondiscrimination clause , which says insurers may not discriminate with regard to " personal characteristics extraneous to the provision of high quality health care or related services . "
It says nothing about " non -US citizens " or immigrants , legal or otherwise .
In fact , the legislation specifically states that undocumented aliens will not be eligible for credits to help them buy health insurance , in Section 246 on page 143 .
• Page 58 : Every person will be issued a National ID Healthcard .
Barely True : Section 163 sets out goals for electronic health records .
It says one goal should be real - time confirmation of which services a person qualifies for and how much they will have to pay .
That could be achieved by machine - readable beneficiary cards , according to the legislative language .
But the legislation does not require the cards .
• Page 59 : The federal government will have direct , real - time access to all individual bank accounts for electronic funds transfer .
Barely True : Section 163 sets out goals for electronic health records .
One of the goals is to include features that " enable electronic funds transfers , in order to allow automated reconciliation " between payment and billing .
The legislative summary says the intent in the section is " to adopt standards for typical transactions " between insurance companies and health care providers .
The legislation generically describes typical electronic banking transactions and does not outline any special access privileges .
• Page 65 : Taxpayers will subsidize all union retiree and community organizer health plans ( read : SEIU , UAW and ACORN ) .
Pants on Fire !
Section 164 creates a temporary reinsurance program to help employers or employee associations pay for coverage for workers ages 55 to 64 .
It does not mention labor unions or community organizer groups , though presumably they could qualify for subsidies like any other employee association that previously offered health insurance .
The section 's point , however , is to offer subsidies to employer - based insurance programs , not unions or community organizers .
• Page 72 : All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange .
True .
Private health care plans must conform to government rules to participate in the exchange , and this page begins an explanation of exchange rules .
However , the requirement that insurance companies must conform to is also presented much earlier in the bill .
We spotted an earlier reference on page 15 , Section 101 .
• Page 84 : All private healthcare plans must participate in the Healthcare Exchange ( i.e. , total government control of private plans ) .
Mostly True .
Section 203 sets rules saying that plans must offer basic plans before they can offer plans with extra benefits .
These extra benefits are defined as enhanced plans and premium plans .
( The unstated assumption here is that enhanced and premium plans will be more profitable for the insurance companies . )
But this is n't the page number that requires health plans to participate in the exchange .
Technically speaking , private insurance plans are not required to participate .
Rather , only insurance sold on the exchange will satisfy the mandate that people have health insurance .
In effect , private health plans that want to sell to individuals will have to sell through the exchange , under the terms of the bill .
• Page 91 : Government mandates linguistic infrastructure for services ; translation : illegal aliens .
Half True .
Section 204 outlines more regulations for health insurance plans in the exchange .
One of the requirements is that they provide " culturally and linguistically appropriate communication and health services . "
Another part of the bill mentions that this includes " effective methods for communicating in plain language . "
There is no mention of citizenship status .
• Page 95 : The Government will pay ACORN and Americorps to sign up individuals for Government - run Health Care plan .
False .
Section 205 says the Health Choices commissioner is charged with publicizing the options on the health care exchange .
The legislation says the commissioner " may work with other appropriate entities to facilitate the dissemination of information . "
The bill does not mention ACORN or Americorps .
The bill also says that the commissioner must publicize the " Exchange - participating health benefits plan options , " which would include private insurance plans .
• Page 102 : Those eligible for Medicaid will be automatically enrolled : you have no choice in the matter .
False .
This page describes people who would qualify for Medicaid , a government insurance program for people with very low incomes .
It says that individuals will be automatically enrolled in Medicaid only if they have " not elected to enroll in an Exchange - participating health benefits plan . "
So the auto - enrollment only happens if they have not chosen another plan .
• Page 124 : No company can sue the government for price - fixing .
No " judicial review " is permitted against the government monopoly .
Put simply , private insurers will be crushed .
Barely True .
Section 223 discusses how the government will pay doctors under the public option health insurance ; they will pay 5 percent more than Medicare pays .
It 's true that this section does not set out any sort of judicial review , but it specifically states that health care providers do not have to accept patients under the public option .
The bill also says that the Health Choices commissioner has the authority " to correct for payments that are excessive or deficient , " taking into account " amounts paid for similar health care providers and services under other Exchange - participating health benefits plans . "
There may be a broader case to be made that the government can outcompete private insurers through the public option , but this section of the plan does n't have to do with lawsuits or judicial review .
• Page 127 : The AMA sold doctors out : the government will set wages .
Barely True .
Section 225 discusses payments for physicians who choose to accept the public option insurance .
Again , there may be a broader case to be made that the government can outcompete private insurers through the public option , but this section of the plan only applies to payments to doctors for patients who are part of the public option .
The government does not set wages for doctors because doctors are free to decline to see the patients .
Finally , a few words about the e-mail 's origins .
It appears that someone out there based it on the work of Peter Fleckenstein , who publishes commentary on the Twitter messaging service under the name Fleckman .
( Some of the e-mails we receive credit him , but many do not . )
Fleckenstein strongly opposes the Democratic health plan and labels most of his posts # tcot , which stands for " top conservatives on Twitter . "
Fleckenstein has also posted the analysis at his blog , Common Sense from a Common Man .
Many of the e-mails we received have made changes to Fleckenstein 's original tweets , and the e-mail we 've checked here has made changes as well .
Info Image
ID : 9aa9dda21 fef Generation : 307 Created : 2011-12-11 17:09:48 Full image ( 4600x7000 ) : full Thumb image ( 575x875 ) : thumb Mini image ( 230x350 ) : mini Instruction code : code Active : 1 In Top List : 0 Joined Top At : Computerized fitness : 13485737.4817538 Human Score : 4.462 from 13 votes Parents : Offspring : 02fce00163cc 1de1ad7643a6 2236ef7d8e20 380dab0 fea67 398283fd9bf5 503732a04626 54ff86363299 5c781f3770ab 67bbeed01b62 6ba1e1d8d8cc 6d3b8a04a2c5 6fc6b809e6c3 76cff57832b8 850d304cf753 d0e303de3d9b f9c7004876cd fed0c9ffd6a2
ID : 95da7a98e329 Generation : 315 Created : 2011-12-03 13:24:23 Full image ( 4600x7000 ) : full Thumb image ( 575x875 ) : thumb Mini image ( 230x350 ) : mini Instruction code : code Active : 1 In Top List : 1 Joined Top At : 2011-12-09 23:43:33 Computerized fitness : 22951098.5443761 Human Score : 4.5 from 4 votes Parents : Offspring : 1de272cfec92 348829d8aa45 3a30e61a9eaa 41cc661ff162 448bddc7c63e 45904eb6bbd4 59d76cfe8fa2 5e852e49e36e 603d01be69bb 6420d4d50630 79cf03a4c330 856e66fb37d4 85b8af6f9ce3 8ee6bd4718d1 9ebf234d3f16 a5d71d831bb4 ad6dc881ea5d b1a77f2d364a b6967bb53680 b747dfa6b4c0 bba393341235 d3a62df174d8 e2f75805ebd7 ec910837f6fe fc5048051cbd
ID : b6644b850ddc Generation : 311 Created : 2011-06-22 22:12:01 Full image ( 4600x7000 ) : full Thumb image ( 575x875 ) : thumb Mini image ( 230x350 ) : mini Instruction code : code Active : 1 In Top List : 0 Joined Top At : Computerized fitness : 134465339.142501 Human Score : 4.5 from 4 votes Parents : Offspring : 15644da97c92 29cea5adb5cd 2ab2179e7bb1 32cd28445e1e 3c0d0102380f 41cdad8f008f 7a932901d281 7d66b5c79508 80e241325984 81c655f7c78b acab8e9cbf08 b48b8793a827 b9ec45d81116 d87df063534f ddf52f94c599
ID : b34e79ea3713 Generation : 310 Created : 2011-12-03 06:01:23 Full image ( 4600x7000 ) : full Thumb image ( 575x875 ) : thumb Mini image ( 230x350 ) : mini Instruction code : code Active : 1 In Top List : 0 Joined Top At : Computerized fitness : 42415428.2722425 Human Score : 5 from 3 votes Parents : Offspring : 192c86895900 231136d8727d 300e95e2126 b 30f540a68b6 f 3e2968d23291 3f9ae140e452 647ab4b71c4e 6d0334b64b4b 83d8ecaa468b a5ed6eff25c5 ad7e01ca83be b3e9f06c834e b8f6ee659fd8 bfd09a210ed7 c1892d1ed2c3 c2cf4cc1c8e3 d0a780821d1a fad37cc47b05
- video encodings still in process -
A pre-eminent voice for liberal Christianity , John Shelby Spong was the Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Newark for 24 years before his retirement in 2000 .
His admirers acclaim his making contemporary theology accessible to the ordinary lay person — he 's considered a champion of an inclusive faith by many both inside and outside the Christian church .
His challenges to the church have also made him a target of hostility , fear , and death threats .
Calling himself " a joyful , passionate , convinced believer in the reality of God , " he seeks not to create a new religion , but to reform the church he loves .
One massively compulsive game playable within another massively compulsive game ?
Why , that ’s like mixing Pringles with heroin .
Yes , an official ( from Popcap ’s end , at least ) Peggle plugin has been released for World of Warcraft .
Which is a ) terrifying b) exciting and c ) supports the viewpoint that MMOs are not merely a genre anymore – they ’re a platform all of their own these days .
The obvious response is “ if you ’re bored enough in WoW to want to go play Peggle instead , you should probably just stop playing WoW . ”
Which may be true , but it ’s not that simple – the WoW devout like to live in WoW – it ’s their internet .
So this is a joyous thing – they do n’t have to leave Azeroth if they want to play something else , plus it ’s something to help while away those long minutes waiting for everyone to gather at the raid entrance or to cling to sanity during those oh - so - tedious cross -continental flights .
Sounds like Popcap have gone to some lengths to ensure WoWPeggle is n’t some weirdly compartmetalised hoojum of its own either – it can be used to settle loot rolls , there ’s a versus mode , and there are customisable leaderboards ( e.g. to create a ladder for your guild only ) .
There ’s even a special Peggle talent tree , for heaven ’s sake .
Aaargh…so…meta…hurts …brain .
Yes , this does signal The End Times .
But it ’s Peggle !
Inside World of Warcraft !
Also , free and available already .
There ’s also a similar Bejewelled plugin , which has been around for a while now – but , y’know , boring .
In the fun - backslash - awesome - news department , I 'm happy to announce a new book project that I 'll be involved in ....
Kris Straub , Scott Kurtz , Brad Guigar and I -- the four guys behind the weekly Comics How - To Podcast " Webcomics Weekly " -- will be teaming up to author a new book from Image Comics , " How To Make Webcomics " .
The book will be a how - to for the next generation of cartoonists workin ' on the web : the artistic tips , business guidelines , and creative approaches that web - based cartoonists ( young and old ) can use to make their aspirations come alive .
Look for it in January !
Reddit Email 0 Shares
AP has video of Monday ’s enormous rally for Mousavi , which defied a government ban on demonstrations .
The USG Open Source Center translates news about the Iranian election and its aftermath from the Iranian press
‘ Iran ’s Guardian Council Urges Candidates To Wait For ‘ Final Result ’
Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Network 2
Monday , June 15 , 2009
Document Type : OSC Summary
Tehran Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Network 2 at 1815 GMT on 15 June broadcast remarks by the spokesman of the supervisory Guardian Council in which he urged supporters of presidential candidates to wait for the “ final result ” of the election to be announced by the council .
Speaking in a live roundtable discussion , Abbasali Kadkhoda ’i said : “ Offenses in elections are natural ; they are not out of the ordinary .
We do not want to exaggerate and say that no violation has taken place .
No , humans are involved in this affair and human beings are not free of faults .
We have had violations in every election ( in the past ) , but the way they were dealt with ( is important ) .
The Guardian Council will start its investigation tomorrow .
The figures given by our colleagues at the Interior Ministry are preliminary figures .
These figures should be investigated and reviewed by the Guardian Council and complaints should be investigated .
The final result is the one announced by the Guardian Council .
That is to say the council will either approve or reject the soundness of the election .
Therefore , my request to the dear candidates and their supporters , who are trying to voice their objections while respecting the law and ethics , is to bear with us .
We will investigate and announce the result .
The final result will be the one announced by the Guardian Council , which everyone should hopefully accept . ”
( Description of Source : Tehran Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Network 2 in Persian — state - run television ) ‘
‘ FYI — Iran News Network Shows Footage of Pro-Musavi Rally in Tehran
Islamic Republic of Iran News Network Television ( IRINN )
Monday , June 15 , 2009
Document Type : OSC Summary
Tehran Islamic Republic of Iran News Network Television in Persian at 1748 GMT on 15 June aired footage of a peaceful rally by supporters of defeated presidential candidate Mir-Hoseyn Musavi in protest against the results of the 12 June elections .
The announcer said : “ I should say that this afternoon , supporters of Mr Musavi held a gathering between Enqelab and Azadi squares , particularly outside Sharif University .
My colleagues have prepared a video report of this rally which we will see together . ”
The video report was nearly two minutes , showing the slow and peaceful march of protesters in Tehran streets .
This is the first time Iranian domestic TV has been observed to air footage of pro-Musavi protests since Saturday 13 June , when people took to the streets in protest against the results of the election .
( Description of Source : Tehran Islamic Republic of Iran News Network Television ( IRINN ) in Persian — State - run 24 - hour news channel in Persian , Arabic and English ; presenting up to the minute domestic and international news .
It offers exclusive interviews on a variety of topics , as well as information on universities , labor , and economic developments from the capital and the provinces . ) ’
‘ OSC Report : Iran State Media Dominates , Reformists Struggle in Election Coverage
Iran — OSC Report
Monday , June 15 , 2009
Document Type : OSC Report
Iran : State Media Dominates Election Coverage , Reformists Struggle to Inform State and conservative media portrayed the results of Iran ’s 12 June presidential election as a landslide victory for incumbent President Mahmud Ahmadinezhad , touted the high voter turnout as validation of the regime ’s legitimacy , and urged acceptance of the results .
Meanwhile , reformist and pro-Rafsanjani media alleged widespread electoral fraud and carried statements calling for “ peaceful ” protests .
While access to state media and television remains unfettered , many reformist websites have been filtered and other communication disruptions appear widespread , possibly impeding transmission of reformist statements .
State Media Touts Victory While Challengers Protest Results
State and conservative media reported that congratulations on Ahmadinezhad ’s victory have poured in from across the region and the world ( 13 - 14 June ) and portrayed the election results as a win for both the incumbent and the public ’s trust in Iran ’s Islamic system .
While Iranian TV coverage over the weekend focused on voter turnout , calling it “ epic , ” some regime elites , including Supreme Leader Ali Khamene ’i and Ahmadinezhad on 13 June , encouraged public acceptance of the results following street protests , with state media minimizing its footage of the protests .
( state television news network IRINN ) .
Khamene ’i and several conservative clerics appeared on state television to urge the candidates and their supporters to accept the election results , while pro-government Mehr News Agency reported that Iran ’s Prosecutor General Qorban Ali Dori-Najafabadi said the Judiciary would deal decisively with people seeking to create disturbances in the country ( 14 June ) .
Appearing on state television on 14 June , Ahmadinezhad described the turnout in the election as “ a blow to domineering countries ” and said that “ Western countries were only interested in the sort of democracy that suited them and there was no reason why they should question the validity of these elections . ”
On 14 June , IRINN covered a pro-Ahmadinezhad rally but did not broadcast clips or coverage of challengers Mir-Hoseyn Musavi and Mehdi Karrubi .
IRINN initially did not show protest footage , but on 14 June began to show disturbances juxtaposed with a gathering of peaceful supporters of Ahmadinezhad and aired man-on - the - street segments calling the protesters criminals .
Media associated with Karrubi , Musavi and Expediency Council head Akbar Hashemi -Rafsanjani strongly protested the results of the election –although following Khamene ’i’s remarks , statements from challengers have not been reported in state - run media–and Musavi lodged a formal appeal with the Guardian Council challenging the election results .
Conservative candidate Mohsen Reza ’i initially was reported to have supported the election ’s outcome but he later vowed to appeal the decision .
In a statement on his ghalamnews .
ir website , Musavi called for peaceful demonstrations in 20 cities on 15 June at 1130 GMT to protest the election results and for a national strike on 16 June .
On 14 June he formally appealed to the Guardian Council for the vote to be annulled , according to his website .
On 14 June , Tehran ’s state - run Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Network reported that Reza ’i backed the election results .
However , in a statement disseminated on Tabnak online , Reza ’i called for calm and unity and said he filed a complaint with the Guardian Council regarding the results ( 14 June ) .
Reformists Struggle to Inform Public Despite Communications Disruptions
Online media have reported detentions and arrests , while filtered and blocked websites employed countermeasures , such as changing their website addresses to remain accessible .
SMS and cell phone service from within Tehran has also reportedly been disrupted ( pro-Musavi Iranian Labor News Agency , E’temad online , 13 June ) .
Aftab news online reported that reformist members of the Islamic Participation Front were detained and reporters from Karrubi ’s reformist E’temad-e Melli newspaper along with several members of the Mujahedin of the Islamic Revolution were arrested .
Widespread rumors of Rafsanjani ’s resignation from the Assembly of Experts were denied by his son Mohsen Hashemi in an interview with Fars News Agency ( Mizan News , 14 June ) .
The centrist Entekhab news website , which has been very active in protesting the elections results and posting opposition statements , reported filtering of numerous websites , and twice changed its own address ( 14 June ) .
Tehran Deputy Prosecutor Mahmud Salarkia confirmed website filtering of a number of sites , including Jomhuriyat , Nowruz , mowj.ir , Ayandeh , Entekhab news , and Aftab news ( Entekhab news , 13 June ) .
External State Media Outlets Offer More Nuanced Coverage
Meanwhile , Iran ’s external English - language news service Press TV and Arabic language television Al - Alam carried statements from Ahmadinezhad and his rivals , as well as coverage of street disturbances on 13 June–while they were not observed on state television–probably in an effort to compete with external Arabic and English - language news outlets . ’
End / ( Not Continued )
フランク・ロイド・ライトの最も晩年の作品（農家）が、最近売りに出されたので御紹介。一番最後にあるこの家のホームページのリンクで、建設された当時の写真も是非御覧あれ。
Wright did n’t build many houses in the Valley , and he was n’t particularly excited about the prospect of this one .
Thumbing through photographs of the area , he told Randall Fawcett , “ Not much beauty there . ”
Fawcett replied : “ Actually , Mr. Wright , the Central Valley of California contains the most fertile agriculture land in the world .
you should consider it an honor to build a house there . ”
So , he did .
( excerpt from Fresno Bee. entire story :
http://fresnobeehive.com/news/2008/10/frank_lloyd_wright_and_los_ban.html)
Students for Sensible Drug Policy is asking for your support of Assembly Bill 390 , the Marijuana Control , Regulation , and Education Act -- the first bill ever introduced to legalize the sale and use of marijuana in California .
As introduced , this groundbreaking proposal would raise over $ 1 billion in annual revenue by taxing the retail production and sale of marijuana for adults over 21 years of age .
The bill would not alter existing legislation on the use of medicinal cannabis , nor would it impose new taxes or sanctions on the medical cultivation of cannabis .
Assembly Bill 390 proposes to make California the first state in the nation to enact a rational public policy for the control and regulation of marijuana .
Please show your support for this measure by contacting your California Assembly members and urging them to support the Marijuana Control , Regulation , and Education Act .
He is thought to have let himself into the house where he sexually assaulted Zuzanna before stabbing her in the stomach , fracturing her skull by stamping on her head and slitting her throat .
Willkommen
Imago 1:1 - die größte begehbare kamera der welt
Die Kamera IMAGO 1:1 ist die weltweit einzigartige Großformatkamera , die Selbstportraits von Menschen direkt auf einem Schwarzweiß - Spezialpapier abbildet .
Wie in einen riesigen Fotoautomaten begeben Sie sich in die Kamera , begegnen Ihrem seitenrichtigen Spiegelbild , nehmen den Auslöser in die Hand , und machen ein lebensgroßes Portrait von sich .
Nach 10 Minuten stehen Sie Ihrem 60x200 cm großen Abbild gegenüber .
Die IMAGO 1:1 ein Medium zur Entdeckung der Person , des eigenen Ich und seiner Wirkung auf die Welt .
Als interaktives Kunstwerk ist die Kamera für jeden von Bedeutung , der sich in der Kunst der Selbstdarstellung üben möchte .
Kommen Sie uns von Montag bis Samstag von 11.00 - 19.00 im Kunstraum IMAGO 1:1 in Berlin - Kreuzberg besuchen oder vereinbaren Sie persönlich einen Termin für Ihr Selbstportrait mit uns .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government awarded $ 1 billion in grants from the economic stimulus plan to police departments across the country on Tuesday , but it skipped four major cities , including New York .
New York City Police Department officers stand at attention during the funeral procession for a slain NYPD officer in New York June 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
More than 7,000 cities , counties and Indian tribes applied for money to hire and retain police officers , driving the total request up to $ 8.3 billion , the Justice Department said .
New York , one of the largest metropolitan areas in the country , did not see a single cent .
Money from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act that was passed in February to help pull the country out of recession and arrest the growth in the ranks of the unemployed , is being injected through a three - year grant program known as Community Oriented Policy Services ( COPS ) .
“ The decision to deny New York City funding from the COPS grant program is disappointing , to put it mildly , ” said Mayor Michael Bloomberg in a statement .
The New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said the city needs support given its World Trade Center was attacked twice , with thousands dying on September 11 , 2001 .
“ There have been eight major terrorist threats against the city since September 11 , 2001 , ” Kelly told reporters .
The city had hoped to use the federal funds to start a police class with about 200 recruits around January but now will have to wait for the next fiscal year in July , he said .
“ After two successful terrorist attacks at the heart of the nation ’s financial center , there should be substantial and continuing federal support for the NYPD in its counterterrorism and conventional crime fighting missions , ” Bloomberg said .
The large Texas metropolis of Houston did not receive any grant funding , because “ our city budget is not distressed and our crime rates have gone down to the lowest levels in decades , ” its mayor , Bill White , said in a statement .
Still , he said , “ this is the wrong decision for the wrong reasons . ”
Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and Seattle , the dominant city of the Pacific Northwest , also did not receive any grants .
In deciding which requests to fulfill , the Justice Department weighed communities ’ fiscal health and crime levels equally .
It distributed half of the funding to areas with populations of more than 150,000 people and the other half to areas with populations of fewer than 150,000 .
Rep. Anthony Weiner , who represents Queens and Brooklyn in New York City , is demanding “ a thorough explanation ” from the Justice Department about why the four cities were skipped .
Speaking in Philadelphia , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the department received applications to hire 39,000 officers .
The final awards will cover only 11.9 percent of those requests .
They will save 881 jobs , by rehiring officers or averting layoffs , and create 3,818 .
“ The tremendous demand for these grants is indicative of both the tough times our states , cities and tribes are facing , and the unyielding commitment by law enforcement to making our communities safer , ” he said .
Nearly 30 police departments were barred from applying because they had histories of misappropriating grants or violating rules .
New Jersey ’s largest police departments , Camden and Newark , were excluded .
Mrs Brandts said : " We had our camera set up on some rocks and were getting ready to take the picture when this curious little ground squirrel appeared , became intrigued with the sound of the focusing camera and popped right into our shot . "
An 87 - year - old Tampa woman had had it with the mother - loving snakes on her mother - loving porch .
So when a seven - inch pygmy rattlesnake slithered up to Esther Orring 's door on Monday and bit her on the hand , she got even , strangling the venomous little serpent with her bare hands .
Realizing that the her wound might require a little more than a band - aid , Orring 's family called an ambulance .
She 's been hospitalized since the incident , where she was administered several vials of antivenom for the bite on the middle finger of her right hand .
" She 's a tough lady , " Orring 's daughter , Maria Pellicone , told WFLA .
" She 's a very strong person , so she will be a survivor . "
Pellicone indicated that this was hardly the first critter to fall by her mother 's hand , noting that she 'd grown up on a farm in Italy .
But the well - gripped granny is expected to make a full recovery , and Pellicone says she 'll have the dead snake framed for her .
Accenture , being the leader in service industry , had been long driven by customer requirements .
But now the era is taking a shift .
Accenture , as per Andy Zimmerman is now looking into Product solutions :
“ Open source hardware from Bug Labs is helping our company expand in mobile communications software .
Now we plan to build solutions for various industries before they come to us .
We are shifting the approach . ”
To start the initiative , the consulting giant has teamed up with Bug Labs , a New York Hardware startup , to offer hardware and software packages unique to each customer .
For Accenture the payoff is in getting these buyers to subscribe to its new software platform , AMOS , or Accenture Mobility Operated Services .
As for Bug Labs , its wager is that Accenture will open doors to big companies that will put in multiple orders for its snap - together computerized gear .
The BugLabs manufactures modular , open source system for building devices .
They have lots of offerings for Business .
“ Imagine being able to ramp from prototype to production faster and more affordably than ever before .
With BUG , businesses take advantage of a complete , integrated device development environment , enabling them to produce a proof - of - concept with a rich ecosystem of hardware , software and web services . ”
The advantage for would - be customers is that the hardware can be tailored to fit an individual company .
A shipping company might be able to buy a regular GPS unit at an electronics store , but what if it needs the device to have a 3G connection to send information over a cellular network ?
What if it also needs that device to have an accelerometer , so the company can track accidents ?
Deviation from Convention
Accenture is deviating from it ’s conventional practices .
In - order to achieve this , Accenture ’s AMOS software will be the underlying system that will take care of processing information taken from Bug ’s devices .
Take the example of Fleet management —
If a shipping company uses the fleet - tracking device , for example , it could log onto the AMOS Web site that will produce mapped routes , accident reports , vehicle histories , and other calculations .
Other industries can create devices unique to their own specs with components such as wireless Internet , a motion detector , a digital camera , or USB plugs .
The move is a break from Accenture ’s conventional business model .
Before , the $ 25.3 billion company typically waited for clients to come to its consultants with problems .
Now it ’s pitching products and services to any and all who might need them .
“ This is different for us , ” says Andrew Zimmerman , managing director of Accenture ’s New Business group .
“ Hardware was a little bit of an afterthought before .
Now we ’re being proactive . ”
In another radical depature , Accenture ’s new venture does not charge clients a consultant fee .
The cost for AMOS is transaction - based , with billing based entirely on volume of use .
The system is plug - and - play .
A base module runs open source Linux software , on which a business application can be written in as little as two days .
Modules range in price from $ 69 to $ 450 for individual customers , but Bug typically sells bundles of hardware with support services to companies , depending on volume and support provided .
Bug Labs & the Big Players
Bug Labs was founded only two years ago .
The 15 - employee company wo n’t disclose revenue or profits , but it recently raised $ 16 million in venture capital and is already doing business with Pitney Bowes , Sun Microsystems , Orange , Antenna Software , and Human Rights Watch .
Accenture came across the company several times researching trivergence — that is , a networked device that has its controls and data located somewhere else on the network .
Accenture has a five - person team that is pitching the service to potential users with presentations and research findings , and giving hands - on demos at its innovation centers in Murray Hill , N.J. , and Rome .
Also — and this is where Accenture ’s contacts and credibility come in handy — its individual consultants , most of whom work with the world ’s largest 2,000 companies , are selling AMOS to clients and networking for new ones .
So far , after six months on the market , Accenture has created devices and software applications in health care , transportation , utilities , and security .
Thirteen clients have signed up for AMOS , either in pilot projects or throughout their business , including Poste Italiane and Fiat .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Nice try , Dick /
Your mumbled , half - assed support of gay marriage , Mr. Cheney ?
Not a chance
Sorry , Dick .
You can't have it .
You can't have even a moment of credit , a glimpse of sympathy , any sort of merciful forgiveness just because you sort of , kind of half - assedly came out in support of gay marriage , again , even though you actually did n't .
Here 's what you do get : a sidelong look of momentary disbelief , a quick glance in your direction as you sit in your puddle of sour irrelevance on the sidelines of modern culture , as the rest of the thoughtful , open - hearted human race leaves you in the embittered dust .
Hey , you made your bed of nails , Dick .
You get to impale yourself on it .
What , is that too harsh ?
Too mean - spirited ?
Should I be more accepting and tolerant and kind because you supposedly revealed in your recent chat with the National Press Club that you might have an actual glimmer of an extant human heart , even though everyone knows you absolutely do n't ?
Not a chance .
You think liberals and the gay movement should somehow be grateful that you , the right 's most shameful hard - line fearmonger , America 's most beloved torture fanatic and destroyer of civil liberties and humanitarian rights worldwide , famed wiretapper and Halliburton war profiteer extraordinairre , that you recently reiterated your jumbled , caveat - thick " support " of basic civil rights for homosexuals ?
Are you joking ?
It 's sort of silly , is n't it ?
Of course , it 's the same tacit , quasi - support you 've muttered under your breath for the last eight years , but never actually stood up and did a single thing about because A ) you did n't actually believe a single word of it , and B ) were far too busy molesting the integrity of the White House , international law , the U.S. Constitition and human joy itself to really give a damn about such petty matters as the sanctity of the human heart .
Hey , I get it .
You were busy .
I can't decide what 's more incredible , really :
You actually saying , with your trademark sneer , " freedom should be for everyone , " or that lightning did n't strike you dead on the spot when you said it .
And let 's not forget your big caveat : Freedom is only sort of for everyone ; your kind of freedom is actually selective and highly discriminatory .
According to you , gay rights should be up to the states to decide .
Which is a bit like saying , hey , if Alabama or Mississippi wants to hang black folk and beat up women , they should be allowed to because , you know , states have different views on who should be allowed to exist .
Hey Dick .
Satan called .
He wants his worldview back .
Yes , I 've read of few of the cute responses to your " surprising " admission .
That you 're now " more liberal than California . "
That even President Obama could take note of your profound " change of heart . "
That there 's a small chance that your faltering words might even have an enlightening effect on the hardcore homophobes in your own party , the ones who 've worked so aggressively all these years to damn gays to moral and spiritual hell .
As if .
Of course , it 's all just so much quaint bulls - -t , is n't it , Dick ?
A nice shotgun blast in the face of hypocrisy ?
Are you snickering at all the attention your little comment earned ?
I bet you are .
Because even a child can see it 's just a big charade , a carefully timed sound - bite to keep yourself in the fading spotlight a tiny bit longer .
It 's also an obvious attempt to steal a page from the liberal playbook and make Rush Limbaugh 's GOP remotely more palatable to moderate America , given how even you know gay marriage is a foregone conclusion .
Hey , you may be a monster , but even a monster can see the writing on the wall .
Or maybe it 's the other thing , how you 're only really saying anything at all about gay marriage because you have a lesbian daughter , a sad , lost woman whose existence you barely acknowledged for eight solid years despite how she herself has so calmly spit in the face of the gay rights movement by actually campaigning for you , and by never once facing down her own party 's rampant homophobia , the fact that the GOP has happily discriminated against her for , well , for her entire unfortunate life .
Damn , Dick .
You sure taught your daughter Mary well .
Swallow your own soul , honey .
Stab it to death for the sake of power and profit .
Hide your true self .
And for God 's sake , keep your mouth shut about the civil rights crap until it 's politically useful .
Nice .
Ah , but maybe I have it all wrong .
Maybe we on the progressive left should try to be more tolerant in this case , a bit more open - minded , give you the benefit of the doubt for once .
You think ?
Maybe you deserve a moment 's grace , despite your astonishing list of human right abuses , corruptions , misprisions , war profiteerings and endless criminal activities that , in lesser times and in more barbaric countries , would get you hung up by your toenails and fed to giant leeches .
I know , the Buddha teaches endless kindness and compassion .
Jesus teaches forgiveness and turning the other cheek .
Then again , neither of them saw the look of savage bliss on your face when you hear the word " waterboarding . "
But maybe you really have seen the error of your old ways , and you 're moving one tiny , hobbled step toward kindness and enlightenment .
Hey , anything 's possible .
Maybe you really have had a change of heart .
Oh my God .
Did I just write that sentence out loud ?
I 'm so sorry .
Let 's both look to the sky , shall we ?
Because I 'm still waiting for that lightning .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
My recent post gave rise to a host of questions around the issue of recycling .
What does it mean ?
How do you do it ?
And what are the implications for ven ...
3 years ago
1
Cakes - New Arrivals
Personalized Gifts
To quote the prolific poet Rod McKuen , " The gifts that one receives for giving are so immeasurable that it 's almost an injustice to accept them " .
After all , it is said that there is happiness , not in getting , or owning ; but in giving .
Online gifting services play the perfect part in helping channel this happiness to you , by ensuring that your gift of love and kind reach your loved ones and make them feel special and remembered .
Why choose us ?
Gifting Specialist :
We do n't sell Books , Music or T - Shirts - we only do online gifts within the country , because we have vast experience in handling your precious sentiments , having served 100,000 + customers since 1998 .
We offer thousands of combos and 10000 + products to pick and choose as per your taste & budget .
All - India Logistics :
We understand that logistics is the backbone of good services - that 's why we have agents covering almost 249 cities all India .
So you may send gifts to gujarat , or tamil nadu - we cover them all , often delivering your gifts in a matter of hours !
Same day delivery is available for for express orders placed by 1:30 PM IST .
Tie - up with Blue Dart couriers , as well as Indian Post , allows us to deliver non-perishables to more than 2500 locations all over the country .
Free Greeting Card :
We understand that you need to personalize your gift with your unique words for loved ones .
So we offer a Free Greeting Card with most gifts , which are handwritten with your message , and delivered along with your gifts .
Be it Rakhi or Diwali , Valentine or Mother 's day , we have a greeting card to suit the occasion and complement your gift .
Secure Payments :
We accept all major credit cards ( both International and Indian ) , along with 35 +
Netbanking options , Debit Cards and more .
You can pay with peace of mind , knowing that transactions are processed on a 128 bit SSL encrypted payment gateway .
Commitment to Excellence :
You can read about us or browse some of our customer testimonials .
If you are a First Time Buyer , do read this guide here .
You can also browse our Privacy & Security policies .
We remain committed to helping you out to the best of our ability .
In case of any queries or issues , please feel free to contact us at our Customer Support helpdesk - rest assured , we will do our best to ensure your satisfaction !
Happy Gifting !
All Product Names , Logos and Brands are the property of their respective owners .
I read the e-mail you guys send me , and I always get a kick out of the footers .
We have aerospace engineers .
People with PHD at the end of their names .
We have kids , we have adults , we have teachers , and we have one guy who really wants the world to know he plays drums .
I love hearing from readers , just because I suck out all the information I can from your e-mails to try to figure out who the hell is reading these ramblings .
The good news is that the people who are passionate about games are my neighbors , my friends , and people with way more eduction than me .
Many of you out there wear ties .
You guys are important people with important jobs .
Except for the students , and they should of course say no to drugs and stay in school .
Why do I bring this up ?
Hal Halpin , the President of the Entertainment Consumer 's Association , has written an interesting article about combating negative stereotypes that 's worth a read .
" Negative stereotypes are perpetuated by inaction to counter them , " he writes .
" And oftentimes , the folks that propagate those defamatory impressions do n’t realize that they ’re doing as much harm as they do .
That does n’t mean however , that those on the receiving end are off the hook or doomed to martyrdom .
They have a voice .
And they can choose to take a stand .
By doing nothing they have also made a choice ; they have chosen to permit it , and as such are at least as guilty as the offenders . "
I see that as a call to arms , but when it comes to gaming that does n't have to be a tricky or hard thing .
Just live out in the open .
You can vote on issues , or join the ECA , and those things are great , but in my mind the most important thing you can do around the office or with your neighbors or even at family functions is to simply say you play games when the conversation about this news report or that study comes up .
You do n't have to march in the streets to send the message that gaming is a perfectly valid way to pass your time , you need only be a good person who games , and you can't be afraid to say you do so .
The best way to fight stereotypes is to not be one , to be a public face for gaming .
It does n't matter if you play Call of Duty or Halo or LittleBigPlanet or Left 4 Dead , just say that you play games regularly and they have n't warped you yet if someone talks about the evils of gaming .
Be the counter - example that so many people claim does n't exist .
It may not seem like much , but if everyone did it ?
It would be so hard to paint the industry with those nice , broad brushes the media often employs .
Cherie Blair , the wife of former British prime minister Tony Blair , is suffering from suspected H1N1 flu .
Mrs. Blair was forced to cancel several public engagements Thursday as she battles the virus .
A spokesman for Blair said : " She has had to cancel because of a suspected case of swine flu . "
Reports from the UK say Blair started feeling unwell at the start of the week , and was diagnosed with suspected swine flu on Tuesday .
Blair was given a course of the anti-viral drug , Tamiflu , and was told to rest .
So far her husband , former prime minister Tony Blair , has not picked up the virus , nor have their four children .
Blair , a lawyer , is the most high profile person in Britain to catch the swine flu .
We are CHH .
We are the Chicago medical malpractice law firm that will help get your life back to normal .
We are an experienced , winning team of attorneys and board - certified physicians who build cases and help rebuild lives .
We have brought our clients millions in settlements , and that goes a long way to getting life back on track .
Our proven track record of fair and just settlements and maximum jury awards is fueled by expert trial attorneys , negotiators , investigators , and board - certified physicians with over 100 years of winning medical malpractice experience in the Illinois and Chicagoland area .
Put our team in your corner , and start getting life back to normal .
ABOUT OUR FIRM WHY CHH ?
On Tuesday , Hamas forces raided a building to attempt an arrest of several suspects in the murder of Italian activist Vittorio Arrigoni last week .
When the suspects shot at the security forces , a shootout ensued , and two suspects were killed , according to local sources .
In addition , a third suspect was arrested by the Hamas security forces .
The two suspects who were killed were identified as Abdul - Rahman Al - Breizat and Bilal Al - Umari , and the suspect who was arrested was identified as Mahmoud Muhammad Nimir Salfiti .
According to a statement by the Hamas Interior Ministry , three security officers were also injured during the standoff , when one of the suspects threw a grenade at the other suspects .
The statement said , “ The operation ended with Al - Birizit throwing an explosive device at his comrades … and then firing on himself .
Three security forces were injured , two of them moderately ” .
The Hamas government in Gaza had been searching for the suspects in question for several days , after identifying them in connection with the murder of Vittorio Arrigoni on April 15th .
Arrigoni was a long - time supporter of Palestinian rights who had been living in Gaza when he was abducted by an unknown group that demanded the release of a prisoner that they claimed Hamas forces had arrested , then killed Arrigoni just hours after making the demand .
Although international media reports have stated that the group which claimed responsibility was a Salafist group , which is a right - wing political Islamic sect , but Hamas security forces say that they are still investigating that claim .
Every Palestinian political faction issued statements condemning the murder of the Italian activist , and thousands of people came out on Monday in both Gaza City and Rafah for Arrigoni ’s funeral .
Caffeine may have skin cancer protection properties according to new study .
Wired PR News.com –
New research may help validate claims that caffeine contains some skin cancer protection properties .
As reported by HealthDay , the effect of caffeine was examined on human skin cells that received ultraviolet radiation exposure , and it was found that caffeine destroyed damaged cells .
Dr. Paul Nghiem of the Seattle based University of Washington is quoted in the report as stating , “ We have found what we believe to be the mechanism by which caffeine is associated with decreased skin cancer . ”
According to the research , caffeine contributes to the self - destruction of damaged cells by interrupting the ATR - Chk1 protein , which is a necessary protein for fast - growing damaged cells .
Nghiem is further quoted as stating , “ Caffeine more than doubles the number of damaged cells that will die normally after a given dose of UV . ”
However , the effect should not be a cause for increasing caffeine consumption .
Nghiem states , “ You are talking a lot of cups for a lot of years for a relatively small effect …
But if you like it , it ’s another reason to drink it . ”
More research is being conducted on topical solutions that contain caffeine to be used in skin cancer prevention .
The results of the study were published this week in the Journal of Investigative Dermatology online .
Photo Credit : Julius Schorzman
While Hamas and the Islamic Jihad boycotted Student Senate elections at Bethlehem University on Wednesday , Fateh movement garnered 18 seats while the leftist coalition garnered 13 seats .
The leftist coalition is a coalition between the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) , the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( DFLP ) and the Palestinian People Party ( PPP ) .
Approximately %60 eligible voters ( nearly 1537 students ) practiced their right to vote , while 1435 of voting cards were accredited and the rest were blank or voided .
Students Affairs Dean at Bethlehem University , Mahmoud Hammad , stated that the Fateh Bloc garnered 845 votes while the unified leftist coalition garnered 580 votes .
The outcome of the elections enables Fateh to form the Student Council in accordance to the regulations and procedures of the internal constitution of the Student Senate .
Hamas and the Islamic Jihad refrained from participating in the polls in protest to political arrests conducted by the Palestinian Security Forces , loyal to Fateh movement , in the West Bank .
The Palestinian National Initiative also boycotted the elections .
Last year , Fateh garnered 19 seats while the leftist coalition garnered 12 seats .
Where Are They Now : Cynthia McKinney Strikes Again
Somehow we did n't think we had seen the last of Cynthia McKinney .
The former controversial congresswoman from Georgia has resurfaced - on a boat in the Mediterranean Sea trying to deliver supplies to Gaza .
Israeli forces arrested McKinney and other passengers on board the ship , according to a group called Free Gaza , which said on its Web site that McKinney and the others " have been illegally incarcerated for their solidarity work with Palestine . "
The Israeli Consulate General of Israel in Atlanta , however , accused McKinney and her fellow travelers of waging a " reckless political stunt . "
McKinney ran for president in 2008 as a Green Party candidate .
She was defeated for reelection to the House in 2006 , not long after she was accused of punching a Capitol Police officer who mistook her for a tourist .
She had made a brief comeback after being defeated in 2002 , at which time her father said he blamed the " J - E - W - S " for his daughter 's defeat .
Read more about McKinney 's arrest off the coast of the Gaza Strip on Atlanta 's 11 Alive.com site .
LAS VEGAS --
Never - before - released court documents and amateur video help provide the clearest picture yet of what happened inside a Las Vegas strip club on Feb. 19 , 2007 , when Adam " Pacman " Jones showered scantily clad dancers with money .
Just minutes after " making it rain , " Jones was involved in a fight inside the club .
A short time later , three people were shot outside the club .
Jones initially was charged with felony coercion for his role in the melee .
The charge later was reduced , but the incident ultimately helped push his NFL career to the brink .
The video and documents , including witness statements , search warrants and internal police memos , were obtained by " Outside the Lines " and the Las Vegas Review - Journal .
The documents include differing statements Jones provided to Las Vegas police -- one made the day of the shooting and one from seven months later .
The amateur video , held as evidence in the shooting case , could be played when Arvin Edwards stands trial in February .
Edwards is charged with three counts of attempted murder in connection with the shooting .
Jones was in Las Vegas for NBA All - Star Weekend .
After losing $ 50,000 or $ 60,000 gambling at Caesars Palace , according to statements , Jones went on a hot streak , winning $ 120,000 at the Palms hotel and casino .
Shortly after 2 a.m. on Feb. 19 , Jones and an entourage of about seven people -- a group that included his stylist ; his business manager , Chris Horvath ; and Robert Reid , Jones ' massive bodyguard for the evening -- arrived at the Minxx Gentlemen 's Club & Lounge .
Celebrity sightings at the club increased as the evening progressed .
Rapper Nelly and rapper / producer Jermaine Dupri , both Grammy - winning artists , arrived at the club not long after Jones .
Professional boxer Zab Judah and Houston Texans wide receiver Andre Johnson were also in the crowd .
Jones told police he arrived at the club with " close to $ 100,000 . "
He took $ 40,000 out of his Louis Vuitton bag and exchanged it for several stacks of $ 1 bills , which he put in a black trash bag , according to his statement .
So much money was thrown onto the main stage that dancers , after their sets , started filling buckets with the loose bills covering the stage .
At one point , Jones told police , Dupri called him to the stage .
Jones climbed the short steps while cradling " probably about $ 12,000 to $ 14,000 , " according to one of his statements .
Jones , with his bodyguard present in the background , can be seen on the video repeatedly throwing money to a dancer off stage at his feet and then over his shoulder to several dancers on stage .
When several dancers bent over to collect the cash , Dupri took over the DJ 's microphone and said : " We gonna show y'all how to make it rain . "
" Do n't start getting the money until I tell y'all to get off the stage , " Dupri said . " Just keep f--- ing dancing !
Do n't bend down and try to get your money . "
Moments after Dupri made those comments , the video recording ended .
It was after 4:30 a.m. when trouble inside Minxx began .
According to court documents , Jones became angry when a dancer and a club promoter continued sweeping up the money he had thrown on the stage .
Two Minxx bouncers interviewed by " Outside the Lines " said Jones approached the dancer who was collecting the money , grabbed her by the hair and hit her in the face with a closed fist .
Jones has denied attacking the entertainer .
No charges have been filed .
According to witness statements in court documents , when Minxx bouncer Aaron Cudworth grabbed Jones in an effort to forcibly remove him from the club , Jones said , " I 'm gonna kill ya .
Matter of fact , all youse are gonna get it . "
During the struggle , according to witnesses , Jones bit Cudworth near his left ankle .
In his second statement to police , when asked by a detective whether he had made any threats , Jones said : " No sir .
Not one threat . "
Jones told police that while he was " making it rain , " several dancers started fighting over the money .
While trying to break up a fight between two of the dancers , Jones said , he noticed a club promoter snatch the black trash bag , which contained the remainder of the $ 40,000 Jones had received in $ 1 bills upon entering the club .
Jones told police that when he and Reid , his bodyguard , confronted the man who took the bag of cash , they were both attacked by Minxx security .
According to Jones , the bouncers put Reid in a choke hold , pulled out expandable batons like the kind carried by riot police , and hurled racial epithets at Jones and Reid .
" I 'll crack your f--- ing knees , n----- , " threatened one bouncer , according to a statement Jones provided .
Jones and his entourage were thrown out of the club .
Moments later , prosecutors say , a lone gunman -- a man they say was Edwards -- stepped from behind a palm tree at the front of the club and opened fire .
Three people were shot .
Cudworth , the bouncer who fought with Jones , was shot in the chest and left forearm .
Shift manager Tom Urbanski was shot in the chest .
A bullet remains lodged in Urbanski's spine , and he is paralyzed from the waist down .
A patron , Natalie Jones , was grazed by a bullet on the left side of her head .
The three shooting victims have filed separate civil lawsuits against Jones .
The investigation
I first heard about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi , or “ The Butt Biting Bug ” , from the popular blog Boing Boing in August 2007 .
According to the blog , this children ’s cartoon was the biggest craze in Japan at the time :
The repeating monotonic line “ Oshiri kajiri mushi … ” ingrained the song into my brain so much that I ended up singing the tune to myself for the rest of the day .
I also found the cartoon to be hilarious , especially how the bug goes through samurai endurance training to get back his motivation for butt biting .
My fascination and love with the cartoon has not gone away in the two years since then , so when I found out that Delvi of UrumaDelvi , the husband - and - wife team who created the bug , was going to be in New York last weekend , I leapt at the chance to talk with her about the popular short and their career in animation .
The Popularity of the B.B.B .
UrumaDelvi first met each other while at design school .
They started off their careers in illustration , but then they bought a computer and began goofing around with animation .
Through all this experimentation , they came up with enough material for a demo reel .
They submitted the reel to a TV station , who then bought it and thus began the current 14 - year career of the duo .
Since that time , they have created over 400 cartoons with over 500 characters .
As Delvi explained to me following her presentation at the Japan Cuts film festival last Saturday , their most popular character actually started off as a playful joke between the married couple .
“ One day when I was washing the dishes at the sink , my husband suddenly came up from behind me .
Apparently I was sticking my butt out , so he said to me , ‘ If you stick your butt out too much , the Butt Biting Bug is going to come up and bite you ! ’
And so that ’s where the name of the character came from . ”
Urama wrote the song and the pair animated the cartoon together using Flash .
The short began airing on the national television network NHK during the children ’s show Minna no Uta ( “ Songs for Everybody ” ) in June of 2007 .
But the couple did n’t realize just how popular the cartoon had gone until two months later , when the Japanese newspaper Sports Nippon wrote a huge article on the short animation .
The song was released as a CD single that summer , and it peaked at number 6 on the national Oricon music charts .
“ At the time in Japan , there just were n’t any good songs for people to enjoy .
So I believe that Oshiri Kajiri Mushi became so popular because it was simple and fun to dance to . ”
The character of the Butt Biting Bug then became this subject of many merchandise tie-ins , from plushies to keychains to books to even a game for Nintendo DS .
The Language of Animation
The presentation of UrumaDelvi shorts in New York debuted an English version of Oshiri Kajiri Mushi .
“ We just wanted people in America to be able to enjoy it as well , ” Delvi laughs , “ and I believe that music and animation is not bound by actual borders . ”
The short now officially dubbed the character as the Bottom Biting Bug and made frequent jokes to the alliteration of B - sounds in the English name .
It might have just been my familiarity with the original song , but something did seem a little off putting about the English version .
I also sensed a lukewarm reception from the festival audience as well .
However , the other short that was also translated in English for the festival – a two - part series of songs centered around a girl named Sumiko – was hauntingly beautiful .
Like the original , the English version of Sumiko is sung by what sounds like a little girl .
However , it is not sung perfectly , as the girl is often off key and struggles to reach the high notes .
This is all done on purpose , because imperfection is the central theme of Sumiko .
“ She ’s definitely not one of those cute girls you ’d find in children ’s anime , ” says Delvi .
With a pretty mother and a homely looking father , little Sumiko is unfortunate enough to have only inherited her father ’s looks .
Her big furry eyebrows and huge mole on her face make her look like a parody of Chibi Maruko - chan .
Yet the unique look of Sumiko caught the eye of a major retailer in Japan , who partnered with UrumaDelvi to create the music , the video , and exclusive merchandise to be sold in the store .
“ She ’s very complex , and I think that the fact that she is not cute is the reason why she ’s so interesting . ”
Another catchy cartoon was Capsule Samurai , which featured four samurai singing , fighting , and training to the beat of a big drum .
Delvi was just playing around with egg - shaped character designs for her website , and a samurai character connected to her .
“ So then I was just singing to myself , ‘ Capsule Samurai , dun , dun , Fighting , fighting , dun , dun ! ' ”
They created the cartoon completely in English for the English - teaching program Eigorien 3 .
Yet most of the cartoons shown last weekend did not require a translation as most of them did not contain spoken dialogue .
“ While many cartoons tend to focus on a story line , we tend to focus on music and movement in our animation .
Like the Disney movie Fantasia , it ’s all about merging the image and music beautifully . ”
The audience ’s favorite piece that night was Shikato , a series of shorts about deer mindlessly walking forward with no regard who or what they were walking into .
There is no dialogue at all , and the shorts are accompanied by a soundtrack of loud yodeling .
Without the language barrier , the American audience loved it and laughed hysterically at the silliness of it all .
Animation in the Digital Age
One of the reasons why Delvi traveled to New York was to promote the English version of their website , UrumaDelvi Deluxe .
Uruma is very tech savvy and has been very passionate about embracing the internet and new media .
“ We , as artist , do n’t want to be restricted to just mainstream media to spread our art around .
That is why we set up the website .
Now we are able to speak directly to the public on our own terms . ”
By asking for a small $ 3 / month subscription fee for full access to the website , the team is bypassing the traditional means of media distribution and is trying to make a living off of the independent business model .
In addition to the massive amount of content added to the website every week , Uruma teamed up with a Tokyo University professor to create UrumaDelvi Paint , a computer program that would make it easy for both kids and adults to create their own cartoons .
“ Flash is a great program and up until this point , it is what we use to create all of our cartoons .
But I feel that when I draw one of my characters in Flash , it just does n’t look right .
It ’s no longer one of my characters . ”
The key feature of the UrumaDelvi Paint program is that it automatically smoothes out the user ’s drawing , which would normally come out squiggly because of the difficulty of controlling the mouse .
On top of that , the program allows the user to record movement to the beat of a metronome , making it very easy for the cartoons to dance to music .
Delvi demonstrated this new software to the Japan Cuts audience on Saturday and again with a new crowd at the Kinokunya bookstore the next day .
In both demos , the audience awed in amazement over how easy the software looked and how cute and funny the cartoons looked in just minutes .
Then Delvi invited people up to try the program out themselves , and the entire audience laughed along as their peers created silly looking cartoons in a short amount of time .
* * *
The world of UrumaDelvi is wacky , weird , and entirely unique .
Their cartoons have been described by the Japanese as being very foreign looking , while foreigners would easily describe the toons as being totally Japanese .
But with their devotion to centering around music rather than words to tell their story , and their openness with the global medium that is the internet , their works can be enjoyed by children ( and adults ) all over the world .
It ’s been a fascinating few weeks for global news — the real kind , of course — but also for the fake stuff .
I ’m referring to " The Daily Show " and " The Colbert Report , " which sent correspondents and producers to locales where comedy shows do n't normally operate : Iran and Iraq .
Along the way , these two Comedy Central commercial properties cooked up plenty of laughs .
But they also produced some insightful — and certainly entertaining — coverage of these two complex and important global stories .
If Wolf Blitzer is n’t quaking in his beard , he should be .
These foreign forays produced powerful storytelling that illustrates how intelligence and humor , when mixed with a little ground truth , can add depth to very serious matters .
It also demonstrates how fake news is , indisputably , a power on the global media stage .
As an added bonus it was yet another funny and scathing attack on the pompous earnestness that typifies much of the mainstream media :
You know you 're in trouble if you can be so brutally , and effortlessly , parodied .
Let 's start with Iran , where The Daily Show began with a simple idea , but then got much more than it was expecting .
To cover the country 's presidential election , Daily Show host and executive producer Jon Stewart sent “ senior foreign correspondent ” Jason Jones and producer Tim Greenberg to Tehran for two weeks ( the trip followed Jones ' last Daily Show piece , " End Times , " which savaged the New York Times and went viral on the web ) .
Armed with official journalist visas granted by the Iranian government , Jones and Greenberg traveled to Tehran to tell jokes , but also to poke fun at American conceptions of Iran as " evil . "
In full parody mode , they titled their series “ Behind the Veil : Minarets of Menace , ” and produced an animated introduction filled with ominous Middle Eastern music , and featuring a preening and heroic Jones scampering through the desert .
It 's the kind of cable TV flash - and - dash that Anderson Cooper would kill for .
Media - mocking humor is rampant throughout the reports : there 's Jones dressed as the stereotypical foreign correspondent — requisite facial stubble , khaki reporter 's vest and dark sunglasses , a Persian scarf draped roguishly around his neck .
There are bumbling interactions with the usual media suspects in Iran , including former foreign minister Ebrahim Yazdi , reformist cleric Mohammad Ali Abtahi , and Newsweek journalist Maziar Bahari , to whom Jones speaks Arabic instead of Farsi .
There are also street interviews with " seething " Iranians where Jones tries , and fails , to make them say how much they hate America .
On the contrary : upon learning of Jones ' Daily Show connections , one smiling and stylish young man launches into a killer impersonation of Stewart 's staccato George W. Bush .
" Heh , heh , heh .... heh heh heh . "
The coup de grace comes when Jones visits a Tehran home complete with a happy and clearly prosperous couple , two bubbly kids , flat - screen TVs and a Wii gaming console .
" You have a beautiful cave , " Jones says , handing the young daughter a carton of Marlboro Reds to " earn their trust . "
Yes , the joke here is on the American audience .
Iranians are normal .
They wear Dolce & Gabbana and Diesel , play video games and produce rap music .
They know more about American geography and history than many Americans ( one elderly man ticks off U.S. presidents in reverse order — " Bush , Clinton , Bush the father , Reagan , Carter , Ford , Nixon " — juxtaposed , naturally , with an American in Times Square who can't answer the question , " Name a country in the Middle East that begins with I - R - A - N. " )
The satire is funny .
It is also devastatingly effective .
But as the events in Tehran darkened ( Jones and Greenberg left Iran before the serious violence began ) , the tone of the coverage changed .
A later piece points out that Yazdi , Abtahi and Bahari ( " the Axis of Evil 's Axis of Evil " ) had been detained by authorities .
The reports filled with the grainy and visceral YouTube videos culled from Andrew Sullivan or Nico Pitney 's running coverage of the uprising .
And the final report leaves the humor behind altogether :
“ As I watch what ’s happening there now , " Jones says , " I know that somewhere in that sea of faces are the same people I had met , people who were gracious enough to take me into their homes , and schools , and coffee shops , people who indulged my asinine questions , people I hope will be safe and not be harmed or arrested for the simple act of wearing green and wanting a voice . ”
Do the millions of Americans who watched this series ( or , more likely , internet video clips of it ) have a better understanding of what 's happening inside Iran ?
Do they now have a stronger sense of daily life there ?
Do they now know more about the things that unite , rather than divide , the people of these two countries ?
And did they have fun watching it ?
Mission accomplished .
The Colbert Report , which earlier this month broadcast a week of shows from Saddam Hussein ’s former Al Faw Palace in Baghdad , was equally impressive in its foreign coverage — not least for pulling off the technical feat of producing five 30 minute programs from a war zone 5,200 miles from its studios in Manhattan .
( For a fascinating take about how they did it , including landing interviews with President Obama and U.S. Commanding General in Iraq Ray Odierno , check out this Terry Gross interview with The Colbert Report 's executive producer and head writer Allison Silverman ) .
So why transplant an entire comedy show into difficult , even dangerous , conditions ?
To correct yet another shortcoming of the mainstream media , of course : Iraq had fallen off the news map .
Here 's how Colbert explained it in the June 6 edition of Newsweek , for which he was the magazine 's guest editor :
“ I had n’t seen it in the media for a while , and when I do n’t see something , I assume it ’s vanished forever , like in that terrifying game peekaboo .
We stopped seeing much coverage of the Iraq War back in September when the economy tanked , and I just figured the insurgents were wiped out because they were heavily invested in Lehman Brothers . ”
Funny , of course .
But Colbert 's Baghdad caper was also smart , courageous , and culturally relevant ( the media - savvy President Obama does n't play along with a dangerous comedian like Colbert unless there 's a political upside ) .
Clips of the Baghdad shows quickly flooded YouTube , Hulu , Facebook , Twitter , as well as the mainstream media ( The New York Times , Baltimore Sun , Time , Newsweek and others covered it ) .
And so , like Jones in Iran , Colbert 's mission was also accomplished .
No , this is not journalism .
And neither Colbert nor his Daily Show counterparts make that claim .
But in an increasingly global media landscape where satire bleeds into analysis and where hope meets the brutality of a Basij baton , fake news is playing an increasingly important role — particularly on the internet , where hundreds of thousands of people download , watch and share these clips each day .
Love it or hate it , millions of people are paying attention to fake news across America and the world .
Recent columns by Thomas Mucha :
The globalization of social media
The Great Recession of 2009
Reflections on the big , sick dog
A World of Trouble , the sequel
What 's the future for a cargo plane after it was shot down ?
Well , it can start a bar and restaurant business .
Not bad .
Do n't take it as a joke .
Fairchild C-123 relates its name with one of the biggest scandals in the mid 1980's .
That involved the Reagan Administration 's bizarre of network for arms sales to Iran .
This very cargo plane was shot down on October 5 , 1986 , while delivering supplies to the Nicaraguan Contras .
However , now it 's known as El Avion Restaurant and bar .
Ready to serve you serve you food and drinks at cost little more than usual ones .
Pack your bags with lots of currency and enjoy meals under the wings , built around a 1954 Model .
The most charming feature other than the menu and plane itself is the scenic beauty around seacoast blended with mild reddishness at evening sunset .
I think other planes should seek inspiration from this unique one among them after their retirement .
In light of ever - evolving needs , the safety - critical community has spawned a variety of software certification standards .
These standards typically define multiple levels of compliance based on the criticality of the application .
One of these standards is DO - 178 B [ 1 ] for commercial avionics ( Figure 1 ) , where compliance with the highest level means demonstrating traceability from requirements to design to code , with extensive coverage analysis to verify that all requirements have been correctly implemented and that all code can be traced back to requirements .
Figure 1 : DO - 178B Life - cycle Processes and Safety Levels
Key to a system ’s safety certification is that the programming language meets these requirements :
Reliability .
The language should not contain “ traps and pitfalls , ” and it should provide features that promote early error detection ( at compile time , if possible ) .
Analyzability .
The language should have an unambiguous definition so that the effect of any program is predictable ( thus , no features with unspecified semantics ) .
Further , the language features should facilitate automated analysis techniques through which the developer can show that the program does what it is supposed to do and does not do what it should n’t .
Perhaps surprisingly , these requirements may conflict .
Analyzability demands simplicity , whereas reliability sometimes implies language features that often bring semantic complexity .
Thus , commonly used programming languages such as C , C++ , Ada , and Java are too complex in their entirety , but subsets can provide a viable and effective alternative in providing reliability and analyzability in DO - 178B certified applications .
Subsetting for safety
Defining and implementing subsets of a programming language is almost always a poor idea , because it defeats source code portability .
A program that is written for one vendor ’s compiler might not compile on another vendor ’s compiler , since the two might implement different feature sets .
However , safety - critical systems present special circumstances .
Languages that for various reasons might seem attractive candidates – for example C , C++ , Ada , and Java – are all too large and complex to be used for code that must be certified to the highest levels of DO - 178B .
The problem with certification might be due to error - prone features ( compromising reliability ) or features with complex semantics ( complicating analyzability ) .
The only viable option for the developer is to restrict usage to a subset .
However , different languages offer different answers , approaches , and suitability characteristics to utilizing a subset .
C-oriented technology
C and C++ are popular choices for many applications since compilers ( and knowledgeable programmers ) are widely available .
However , C was not designed with the goal of supporting safety - critical applications :
It has a variety of error - prone constructs – such as confusing type conversion rules and an absence of array index checking – that compromise reliability .
In addition , loose type checking complicates analyzability .
And C ’s simplicity comes at the expense of useful features such as exception handling and concurrency .
C++
C++ can be regarded as a “ better C. ”
It is based on C and shares C’s goal of efficient code generation but provides major extensions including full Object Oriented Programming ( OOP ) , generic templates , exception handling , and flexible modularization ( namespaces ) .
C++ was not designed with an explicit goal of supporting safety - critical programming , though , and shares many of C ’s reliability issues .
MISRA C
The natural question is whether subsetting can address these C and C++ issues .
Given the widespread usage of C and C++ , it is not surprising that several efforts have been made with the goal of answering “ yes . ”
For C , the best - known subset is MISRA C [ 2 ] , which was designed to promote the safest possible use of C , to prevent or restrict C constructs with unpredictable behavior , and to encourage production of static checking tools that enforce compliance .
The current version of MISRA C is based on the 1990 C standard .
The next version of MISRA C will be based on the 1999 C standard .
On the positive side , MISRA C codifies “ best practice ” for C programming and has a large supply of tool vendors and service providers ; it has become a de facto standard for safe C programming .
On the other hand , since C was not initially designed to meet the reliability and analyzability requirements for safety - critical systems , retrofitting the language – even by subsetting as done by MISRA – is difficult .
Further , some rules ( such as for documentation ) are not enforceable by an automated tool , and other rules are subject to interpretation on how they should be enforced .
For example , the prohibition against “ dangling references ” ( pointers to local variables that have been popped off the stack ) can be enforced by a range of implementation techniques with varying generality .
MISRA C++
C++ presents a similar picture .
There have been several proposed “ safe C++ ” subsets , most recently MISRA C ++[ 3 ] .
The scope of MISRA C++ is broader than just safety - critical software ; it is aimed at “ production code in critical systems . ”
It comprises 228 rules , most of which are required but some of which are advisory or documentary , keyed to the sections of the 2003 C++ standard .
MISRA C++ also includes an itemization of features that are not completely defined by the C++ standard , which serves as a valuable reference .
MISRA C++ has basically the same trade - offs as MISRA C .
It codifies “ best practice ” for C++ programming and will likely attract a large pool of tool vendors .
However , the rules are not always automatically enforceable , and some are subject to interpretation .
Moreover , with its audience broader than just the safety - critical community , MISRA C++ does not address some of the issues that complicate certification ( for example , the difficulties with inheritance and dynamic binding ) .
It is ( rightly ) focused on reliability issues but comes up short for analyzability .
Ada -oriented technology
Ada was designed to support development of high - integrity systems and avoids the various reliability “ traps and pitfalls ” common to C .
For example , in Ada an integer arithmetic overflow raises an exception instead of silently “ wrapping around . ”
And Ada performs runtime checking on array indexing ( raising an exception when the index is out of bounds ) .
A number of Ada features also help analyzability .
For example , Ada allows the programmer to specify ranges on scalar data , allowing the compiler or supplemental tool ( or a human reviewer ) to use such information in data flow analysis .
Nevertheless , Ada is still too large to be used in its entirety for a safety - critical program .
Subsetting is necessary .
The Ada model for user - defined subsets , embodied in a feature known as the Restrictions pragma , is based on the “ you only get what you pay for ” philosophy .
If a program specifies that it is not using a particular language feature , then the implementation should ensure that the executable does not contain code for that feature ’s runtime support .
This simplifies the certification effort .
( Indeed , if a support library for an unused feature were included in an executable , then it would be regarded as dead code and would violate DO - 178B . )
In addition to the a la carte style of subset definition , the SPARK language [ 4 ] and toolset is another Ada- oriented technology for safety - critical applications .
SPARK is basically an Ada subset augmented with a contract language ( annotations , as Ada comments ) that allows a program ’s specification to be precisely expressed and verified .
SPARK omits Ada features that are hard to analyze ( such as “ pointers ” and exceptions ) .
These Ada - based approaches present the opposite trade - offs to the MISRA C and MISRA C++ solutions .
However , they have a smaller presence in the marketplace , with fewer vendors to choose from .
Java - oriented technology
Java is an interesting candidate for safety - critical systems .
The language was designed with a focus on security and somewhat as a reaction to the perceived complexity of C ++.
It opts for reliability ( runtime checks on array indices , absence of features that could result in dangling references ) , and some of its major design decisions help analyzability .
For example , it has few of the implementation - dependent features found in Ada , C , and C++ , at least among its sequential programming features .
On the other hand , safety certification requirements present some significant challenges to Java technology .
The language ’s concurrency semantics are rather loose , possibly resulting in priority inversions and missed deadlines for real - time programs .
The essence of Java is OOP and dynamic allocation , both of which complicate program analysis .
Java ’s lexical and syntactic framework , as well as its arithmetic type model , is based on C , with the resulting traps and pitfalls such as silent wraparound on integer overflow .
And there are the questions of whether the execution environment is a Java Virtual Machine ( which would require certification ) and how much of the class libraries would be included .
These issues are not necessarily insurmountable , and efforts under the auspices of Sun Microsystems ’ Java Community
Process have been underway for some time to address them .
The Real - Time Specification for Java ( RTSJ ) [ 5 ] is an extension of the Java platform to make it amenable to real - time systems development .
However , the RTSJ , as an extension of the Java platform and with complex features such as asynchronous transfer of control , is not appropriate for safety - critical systems .
However , as with other languages , subsetting seems a viable approach .
To this end , an effort known as Safety - Critical Java Technology [ 6 ] is currently underway .
It has defined three levels of features , reflecting the amount of generality / complexity that an application can tolerate .
These levels correspond to particular features in the RTSJ and in the Java language and class libraries .
How to decide
No programming language stands out as a perfect choice for DO - 178B safety - critical programming .
The trade - off is generally between technical merit ( how the language supports safety - critical subsets ) and external factors .
Properties of a language that might be advantages in other contexts – powerful dynamic features or extensive libraries – are disadvantages in developing safety - critical code .
Here , reliability and analyzability “ rule , ” less is more , and subsetting is essential .
References
1. RTCA SC - 167/ EUROCAE WG - 12 . RTCA /DO - 178B – Software Considerations in Airborne Systems and Equipment Certification , December 1992
2. MISRA-C : 2004 .
Guidelines for the use of the C language in critical systems .
www.misra-c.com
3. MISRA -C++ : 2008 .
Guidelines for the use of the C++ language in critical systems .
www.misra-cpp.org
4. J. Barnes , High Integrity Software – The SPARK Approach to Safety and Security , Addison - Wesley , 2003
5. JSR - 1 : jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=1
6. JSR - 302 : jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=302
Ben Brosgol is a member of the senior technical staff at AdaCore , where he specializes in language technology for safety - and security - critical systems .
He was involved with the design of Ada 83 and Ada 95 and is a member of the Expert Groups for real - time and safety - critical Java .
He holds a PhD in Applied Mathematics from Harvard University .
He can be reached at brosgol@adacore.com .
DAVENPORT , Iowa --
The lush red strawberries caught the attention of Rachel Patrick , a mother of five shopping at a farmers market along the Mississippi River here .
She selected two cartons and ignited a little - noticed chain reaction that is an important part of President Barack Obama 's economic stimulus plan .
Ms. Patrick handed a plastic card loaded with her monthly food - stamp allocation to farmer Ed Kraklio Jr. , who swiped it through his electronic reader .
Mr. Kraklio now regularly takes in several hundred dollars a month ...
Keep the game going as long as possible by playing fast and loose with the reported number of COVID deaths .
-NW
CDC Fatality Data Appears to be Manipulated : Lets See by Analyzing the Data
Sarah Westall
July 18 , 2020
https://t.co/pOe9AOe2kw?amp=1
[ snip ]
While I cannot prove that the CDC data has been manipulated without a further investigation and access to more information , the data I do have , from the CDC , triggers major red flags and points to some disturbing questions and the very real possibility that the CDC data has been manipulated .
At the very least , this information makes it very clear that there needs to be a detailed investigation into the CDC and their data collection and sharing policies .
You may have read my past article , CDC #’s Show NO Statistically Significant Increase in Overall U.S. Death #’s , where I break down the CDC fatality numbers to show that there has not been a statistical increase of total deaths ( considering other factors ) from January thru early May of 2020 compared to that same period over the last 4 years .
If we were experiencing a pandemic the number should be much higher and the data showed it was not .
After all , politicians have shut down the entire economy and put a massive number of companies into bankruptcy and insolvency ruining countless lives .
Politicians also locked down society , implemented questionable mask mandates , created an incredible amount of fear , shut down elective services ( even ones for cancer ) , and many other unprecedented actions were implemented .
Due to these measures , suicide rates are skyrocketing , domestic violence is dramatically increasing , and many other health and social problems are on the rise .
What ’s even more concerning is that politicians are using these numbers as the reasons for taking extreme measures .
With this as our backdrop , it is very important that the numbers we are relying on are correct .
If the CDC numbers are wrong there should be hell to pay and history will not be kind .
So how far would an agency go to construct a dataset to protect themselves , politicians , and any agenda in play ?
Obviously I do not know the answer to this , but let ’s take a look at the numbers and you can decide for yourself .
Back on May 17th I downloaded nationwide CDC numbers to analyze the actual fatality rate in the country .
I used these numbers to write my article , CDC #’s Show NO Statistically Significant Increase in Overall U.S. Death #’s .
Today I decided to download the recent CDC numbers to see the latest numbers .
I was shocked to learn that the CDC altered all their previous numbers that I used in my May report .
The CDC increased the death numbers significantly ; so now the deaths have increased by what you would expect based on the deaths they are claiming all over the main stream media ( MSM ) .
If you do not dig further ( think MSM ) you will just take the CDC at its word and trust they adjusted the numbers up based on late reporting .
What is concerning is that they changed numbers , that when I downloaded in May were reported as 100 % , without an adequate explanation .
Lügen und Widersprüche Twister ( Bettina Winsemann )
Die offiziellen Netzsperren - FAQs
Das Bundesfamilienministerium verweist bei Anfragen zum Netzsperren - Komplex auf die offizielle Fragen - und - Antworten - Seite ( FAQ ) .
Diese enthält nicht nur die bekannten Lügen , sondern lässt durch einige Widersprüche und eine beklemmende Mitteilung aufhorchen .
Textbausteine aus Überlastungsgründen
Wer sich derzeit an das Bundesfamilienministerium wendet , hat schlechte Chancen , wenn es darum geht , Antworten auf konkrete Fragen zu erhalten .
Da so viele Eingaben getätigt werden , heißt es in der Aneinanderreihung von Textbausteinen , sind konkrete Antworten nicht mehr möglich .
Um die wichtigsten Fragen zum Thema " Netzsperren gegen Kinderpornografie " zu beantworten , gibt es jedoch offizielle FAQs ( Frequently Asked Questions = regelmäßig gestellte Fragen ) , welche ständig aktualisiert werden .
Wer sich diese FAQs einmal in Ruhe durchliest , bleibt nicht nur irritiert , sondern auch fassungslos zurück .
Was ist Kinderpornografie ?
Zu Beginn erläutern die FAQs , was sich unter dem Begriff Kinderpornografie verbirgt :
Kinderpornografie ist die Darstellung des sexuellen Missbrauchs von Kindern .
In Deutschland ist die Verbreitung harter Pornografie verboten .
Nach § 184 b StGB werden Verbreitung , Erwerb und Besitz pornografischer Schriften , die sexuelle Handlungen von , an oder vor Kindern zum Gegenstand haben , mit Freiheitsstrafe bis zu fünf Jahren bestraft .
FAQ
Die Erläuterung unterschlägt § 184c StGB , der sich mit dem umstrittenen " wirklichkeitsnahen Geschehen " befasst .
§ 184c ( 2 ) StGB : Ebenso wird bestraft , wer es unternimmt , einem anderen den Besitz von kinderpornographischen Schriften zu verschaffen , die ein tatsächliches oder wirklichkeitsnahes Geschehen wiedergeben .
FAQ
Das Unterschlagen dieser Regelung , die besagt , dass es bei Kinderpornografie auch um Bilder geht , bei denen kein tatsächlicher sexueller Missbrauch dokumentiert wird , ist strategisch durchaus geschickt .
Es lässt die Leser der FAQs erneut glauben , dass es sich bei den zu sperrenden Bildern lediglich um Abbildungen tatsächlich stattgefundener sexueller Gewalt handelt , nicht jedoch um Zeichentrick , Manga , schriftlich festgehaltene Fiktion ( en ) oder virtuelle Kinderpornografie .
Bei diesem
Thema sind die Meinungen geteilt , was das Sperren angeht .
Eindeutig ist jedoch , dass hier kein Kind ein Opfer war .
Die FAQs aber versuchen , das zu suggerieren , was Frau von der Leyen auch oft genug in den Interviews sagt :
Es ist nicht die Frage des Posierens nackter Kinder .
Wir sprechen , wenn wir über Kinderpornografie sprechen , davon , dass Kinder vor laufender Kamera vergewaltigt werden .
Man hört sie schreien .
Sie verbluten an den inneren Verletzungen .
Von der Leyen
Durch die Vernachlässigung / Unterlassung des Themenkomplexes " Fiktive Kinderpornografie " wird somit die Meinung derjenigen , die die FAQs lesen , absichtlich in eine bestimmte Richtung gelenkt .
Ein Zuwachs von 111 %
Erneut wird in den FAQs konstatiert :
Dennoch steigt der Vertrieb von Kinderpornografie über das Internet : 2007 stellt die Polizeiliche Kriminalstatistik gegenüber dem Jahr zuvor einen Zuwachs von 111 Prozent fest .
FAQ
Wie schon etliche Male festgestellt wurde , handelt es sich bei diesem Zuwachs von 111 % nicht um die Menge der tatsächlichen Fälle des Vertriebes von Kinderpornografie über das Internet .
Die Statistik des Bundeskriminalamtes ( BKA ) spricht hier von der Anzahl der eingeleiteten Ermittlungsverfahren , die auch eingestellte Verfahren beinhaltet und somit über eine tatsächliche Erhöhung der Fälle von Kinderpornografieverbreitung über das Internet nichts aussagt .
Diese Fehlinterpretation ist bereits sehr oft richtiggestellt worden , unter anderem bei Heise Online und Netzpolitik .
Bedauerlicherweise wird der angebliche " 111 % Anstieg von Kinderpornografie im Internet " aber weiterhin kommuniziert und findet sich unter anderem in Artikeln der Welt sowie auf den offiziellen Seiten der Bundesregierung , wo gleich von einem Anstieg der Anbieter gesprochen wird .
Da die Fehlerhaftigkeit hier leicht nachgeprüft werden kann , ist es kaum verständlich , dass die Zahl weiterhin unkorrigiert verbreitet wird .
Auch hier kann davon ausgegangen wird , dass die Aussage lediglich dazu dienen soll , dem Leser Frau von der Leyens Ansinnen nahezubringen .
Millionenbeträge
" Der Großteil der Kinderpornografie wird mittlerweile über kommerzielle Webseiten weltweit verbreitet ; die Betreiber nehmen monatlich Millionenbeträge ein " , so die FAQs .
Dieses " Millionengeschäft " wurde ebenfalls des öfteren widerlegt .
Selbst das LKA München meinte dazu :
Die überwältigende Mehrzahl der Feststellungen , die wir machen , sind kostenlose Tauschringe , oder Ringe , bei denen man gegen ein relativ geringes Entgelt Mitglied wird , wo also nicht das kommerzielle Gewinnstreben im Vordergrund steht .
Von einer Kinderpornoindustrie zu sprechen , wäre insofern für die Masse der Feststellungen nicht richtig .
LKA München
Die Institution Inhope , vom Verein Mogis befragt , teilt mit , dass sich lediglich 449 von 2.562 Beschwerden über Kinderpornografie auf den Dienst www beziehen .
Die Zahlen , mit denen das Bundesfamilienministerium hantiert , wurden von Lutz Donnerhacke , Alvar Freude und anderen bereits analysiert , dennoch werden sie weiterhin in den FAQs verbreitet .
Eingriffe in Grundrechte
Die FAQs erläutern , dass es sich bei der DNS - Sperrung um keinen Eingriff in Artikel 10 des Grundgesetzes ( Fernmeldegeheimnis ) handelt ,
da es gar nicht erst zu einem Aufruf einer Internet - Seite oder einem Verbindungsversuch kommt .
Das Fernmeldegeheimnis schützt die Verbindung an sich - sowohl den Inhalt als auch die näheren Umstände einer Verbindung .
Da es durch die DNS - Sperre noch gar keine schützenswerte Verbindung oder einen entsprechenden Versuch gibt , ist Artikel 10 Grundgesetz dementsprechend nicht berührt .
FAQ
Auch der Artikel 5 GG wird laut FAQs unangetastet bleiben :
Die Zugangssperre zu Webseiten mit kinderpornographischen Inhalten rührt nicht an der im Grundgesetz garantierten Informations - und Kommunikationsfreiheit .
FAQ
Als Antwort auf die Frage , was die gesetzliche von der freiwilligen Regelung unterscheidet , geben die FAQs jedoch an :
Das Gesetz verpflichtet alle privaten Diensteanbieter zu entsprechenden Zugangssperren , die den Zugang zur Nutzung von Informationen über ein Kommunikationsnetz für mindestens 10 000 Teilnehmer ermöglichen .
Es ist technologieneutral formuliert , mindestens muss die Sperrung aber auf DNS - Ebene erfolgen , schließt aber auch tiefer gehende Sperrtechniken ein .
Dies kann einen Eingriff ins Fernmeldegeheimnis bedeuten , so dass für diesen Fall die mögliche Einschränkung von Grundrechten ausdrücklich gesetzlich geregelt und im Gesetz zitiert wird .
FAQ
Hier wird also zugegeben , dass ein Eingriff in die Grundrechte stattfinden kann , was in den beiden anderen Antworten klar verneint wird .
Eingriff in das Fernmeldegeheimnis
Auch die Erläuterung zum Fernmeldegeheimnis offenbart ein seltsames Verständnis dieses Grundrechtes .
" Das Fernmeldegeheimnis schützt die Verbindung an sich - sowohl den I nhalt als auch die näheren Umstände einer Verbindung .
Da es durch die DNS - Sperre noch gar keine schützenswerte Verbindung oder einen entsprechenden Versuch gibt , ist Artikel 10 Grundgesetz dementsprechend nicht berührt . "
Würde dies auf das Telefon bezogen analysiert werden , so ergibt sich folgendes :
Wer versucht jemanden anzurufen und durch den Provider absichtlich nicht durchgestellt wird , der erfährt hier keinen Eingriff in das Fernmeldegeheimnis , da ja die Verbindung nicht zustande kam .
Wird er zu einer Nummer umgeleitet , welche er nicht aufrufen will ( Stopp - Nummer ) , so ist dies ebenfalls kein Eingriff in das Fernmeldegeheimnis .
Somit wäre jegliche Methode , die Anrufe verhindert , laut Familienministerium , eine Methode , die das Fernmeldegeheimnis nicht berührt .
Interessant ist , wie sich dies mit der Ansicht , dass die Daten derjenigen , die das Stoppschild aufgerufen haben , analysiert werden sollen .
Wenn doch keine ( schützenswerte ) Verbindung bzw .
der Versuch dieser zustande kam , wieso sollte dann ein Aufruf der Seite in irgendeiner Form Relevanz besitzen ?
Entweder es handelt sich um eine schützenswerte Verbindung , die unterbunden wird und auch hinsichtlich der Zählung Relevanz besitzt oder eben nicht .
Beides zusammen würde aber heißen , dass einerseits der Versuch , eine Seite aufzurufen , der ein Stoppschild vorangestellt wird , als Verbindung zu der ursprünglichen Seite ( bzw. der Versuch ) angesehen und gezählt wird , dass andererseits aber dieser Aufruf nicht als Individualkommunikation unter Anwendung des Fernmeldegeheimnisses angesehen wird .
Datenerhebung und - weitergabe
Was passiert mit den für die DNS - Sperrung erforderlichen Daten des Internetnutzers ?
Die Antwort hierauf ist geschickt formuliert und daher wenig aussagekräftig :
Die Sperrtechnik auf DNS - Basis erfordert keine Erhebung von Daten , die nicht ohnehin im Rahmen des technischen Prozesses beim Geschäftsbetrieb der Zugangsanbieter anfallen .
In der bloßen Verhinderung des Zugangs zu einer bestimmten Information , etwa der Seite mit kinderpornografischem Inhalt , liegt kein Eingriff in Artikel 10 Grundgesetz vor .
Das wäre nur dann der Fall , wenn sich staatliche Stellen ohne Zustimmung der Beteiligten Kenntnis von dem I nhalt oder den Umständen eines fernmeldetechnisch vermittelten Kommunikationsvorgangs verschaffen , die so erlangten Informationen speichern , verwerten oder weitergeben würden Dieser Sachverhalt trifft bei der DNS - Sperre nicht zu .
FAQ
Wer sich die Antwort durchliest , stellt fest , dass insbesondere betont wird , dass eine Datenerhebung von staatlicher Seite nicht erfolgt .
Tatsächlich aber wird die Datenerhebung lediglich den Providern überlassen , die die Daten gegebenenfalls an die Strafverfolgung weiterzuleiten haben , wie in dieser Antwort verdeutlicht wird :
Die Diensteanbieter dürfen auch personenbezogene Daten zum Zwecke der Verfolgung von Straftaten nach § 184 StGB erheben und verwenden und den zuständigen Stellen auf deren Anordnung übermitteln .
Auch dieser
Punkt ist mit einem Eingriff in Grundrechte verbunden , die im Gesetz abgesichert sind .
Sperren oder Verfolgung der Täter ?
Auf die Frage , ob Zugangssperren als Ersatz für die Verfolgung der Täter dienen , ist in den FAQs zu lesen :
Es geht nicht um ein Entweder - oder , sondern um ein Sowohl - als - auch .
Sperrungen sind Bestandteil einer Gesamtstrategie gegen den sexuellen Missbrauch von Kindern und seiner Darstellung im Internet .
Sie sollen die Ermittlung der Täter und das Schließen kinderpornografische Websites nicht ersetzen , sondern wirksam ergänzen .
Das Bundeskriminalamt und die Landeskriminalämter ( LKA ) leisten im Inland hervorragende Arbeit - das belegen die Erfolge über die ausgehobenen Kinderpornografie - Ringe .
Die Ermittler werden auch weiterhin hart daran arbeiten , die Täter im Inland zu ermitteln und die Quellen im Ausland zu schließen .
Da aber in der Hälfte aller Staaten Besitz und Verbreitung von Kinderpornografie entweder nicht unter Strafe steht oder nicht ausreichend sanktioniert wird , reichen in vielen Fällen polizeiliche Mittel allein nicht aus .
FAQ
Da die Bundesfamilienministerin immer wieder von Bildern von vergewaltigten Kindern spricht ( welche bisher interessanterweise nicht einmal Inhope gemeldet wurden ) , können Posingfotos und dergleichen mehr nicht gemeint sind ( auf eine gezielte Anfrage diesbezüglich erhielt ich den oben bereits zitierten Textbaustein ) .
Somit stellt sich die Frage , in welchen Ländern ( immerhin laut Aussage der FAQs die Hälfte aller Staaten ) diese Form der Kinderpornografie nicht unter Strafe steht bzw .
nicht sanktioniert wird .
Der Erfolg , der in den FAQs zitiert wird , ist ein zweifelhafter Erfolg , denn in den seltensten Fällen wurden Hintermänner / Produzenten von Kinderpornografie ermittelt und verurteilt .
In den meisten Fällen ging es um Konsumenten , durch allzu eifrige Staatsanwaltschaften wurde auch manche Ermittlung zu früh ins Licht der Öffentlichkeit gerückt , wodurch sich Spuren verloren .
Die Antwort lässt aber darauf schließen , dass es hier nur um Länder gehen kann , in denen Kinderpornografie nicht strafbar ist oder sanktioniert wird , wodurch die europäischen Länder bereits ausscheiden .
Dennoch finden sich auf europäischen Sperrlisten auch deutsche Seiten , was zu einer Ungereimtheit in den FAQs führt , die den Leser nicht nur fassungslos , sondern auch wütend zurücklässt .
Welche Seiten werden blockiert ?
Es geht ausschließlich darum , den Zugriff auf kinderpornografische und damit illegale Inhalte zu erschweren .
Die Zugangssperren betreffen nicht die Individualkommunikation , sondern dienen der Verhinderung des Abrufs von an die Allgemeinheit gerichteten kinderpornografischen Inhalten .
Die Sperrungen blocken den Zugriff auf bekannte Kinderpornoseiten - egal , wo auf der Welt die Anbieter der Inhalte sitzen .
FAQ
Die Strafverfolger sind also damit beschäftigt , Sperrlisten zu aktualisieren und Sperrungsanweisungen zu verschicken , statt ( wie es sowohl Alvar Freude als auch der Verein Carechild e.V. vormachten ) die Seiten löschen zu lassen .
Was aber in diesem Kontext nicht nur als Eingeständnis der Unfähigkeit des Familienministeriums , sondern auch der zweifelhaften Prioritäten der Sperrungsbefürworter gewertet werden muss , ist der folgende Satz :
Seiten , die von Deutschland aus ins Netz gestellt werden , werden bereits blockiert .
Es gibt also Seiten , die von Deutschland aus ins Netz gestellt werden , die Kinderpornografie beinhalten , und dennoch nur geblockt , nicht aber vom Netz genommen werden .
Warum ?
Dienen sie als Honigtopf um Konsumenten anzulocken , so dass die nächste " Operation Himmel " anberaumt werden kann ?
Gibt es Provider , die sich weigern , die Seiten vom Netz zu nehmen ?
Dies ist eher unwahrscheinlich , wenn es sich um Kinderpornografie handelt - eine richterliche Anordnung sollte spätestens den Provider überzeugen .
Aber welcher Provider sollte sich einer Aufforderung , eine " kinderpornografische Seite vom Netz zu nehmen " verweigern , muss er doch mit einem starken Reputationsverlust und gegebenenfalls mit Kundenabwanderung rechnen , ganz zu schweigen von den Kosten , die bei einer Anfechtung der richterlichen Verfügung usw .
auf ihn zu kommen .
Bedenkt man , dass es privaten Akteuren wie Freude oder Carechild e.V. möglich war , Provider ( selbst im Ausland ) schnell zu einer Löschung der Seiten zu bewegen , dann ist kaum anzunehmen , dass sich deutsche Webhoster bei einer offiziellen Aufforderung querstellen würden .
Die Frage , die sich zusätzlich stellt , ist aber :
Da Frau von der Leyen ja in jedem Bild eine Dokumentation eines realen Missbrauches sieht und sie jedes Bild für zuviel hält - wie kann es dann sein , dass in Deutschland gehostete Seiten nur blockiert werden ?
Dies auch noch in den FAQs zu verkünden , zeigt deutlich , dass die Kinder den Verantwortlichen egal sind - denn wenn die Seiten bereits blockiert werden , dann werden sie nicht angetastet und der Verantwortliche für sie nicht belangt .
Dies führt zur letzten Frage :
Was sagt dieses Eingeständnis über die Strafverfolgung aus ?
Udo Vetter führt im Lawblog aus , dass es sich hier um einen Verstoß gegen die Erforschungspflicht sowie Strafvereitelung im Amt handeln könne .
Natürlich ist das Bundeskriminalamt nicht verpflichtet , von sich aus das Internet nach deutschen Kinderpornoservern zu durchsuchen .
Aber wenn man im Rahmen der Internetzensur darauf stößt und dann nichts weiter macht als Stoppschilder aufzustellen , könnte das in eine Handlungspflicht erwachsen .
Ich möchte jedenfalls nicht der Beamte sein , der Stoppschilder vor deutsche Internetserver setzt und es damit gut sein lässt .
Das ließe sich nämlich zwanglos als Strafvereitelung im Amt ( § 258 , § 258a Strafgesetzbuch ) bewerten .
Udo Vetter
Abgesehen davon gibt es noch eine abschließende Frage :
Wie möchten das Bundesfamilienministerium und die Strafverfolgung dies den betroffenen Kindern erklären ?
" Oh , sicher gibt es die Seite mit den Bildern noch , auf denen du sexueller Gewalt ausgesetzt wirst .
( Ich übernehme absichtlich die Argumentation bzw .
Schilderung der Familienministerin )
Aber keine Sorge , wir haben ein Stoppschild , das durch einfachste Technik zu umgehen ist , davorgesetzt . "
Der gesamte Vorstoß der Familienministerin ist geprägt von Unwissen , Heuchelei , Widersprüchen , offenen Lügen und Manipulationen .
Mehr als bedauerlich ist , dass ihr Feldzug dennoch funktioniert .
Für die betroffenen Kinder ist ihr Vorgehen jedenfalls ein offener Schlag ins Gesicht .
( Twister ( Bettina Winsemann ) )
ScottishPower is planning a tidal energy project that will supply all the electricity for one of Scotland 's most famous islands , the Guardian can reveal .
The company is close to signing a supply contract with Diageo , the drinks group , to provide electricity from the project to eight distilleries and maltings on Islay – including the makers of the renowned Laphroaig and Lagavulin whiskies .
The 10MW tidal project , one of the world 's largest , will provide enough electricity for Islay 's 3,500 inhabitants for 23 hours a day .
ScottishPower will submit a planning application in the next couple of months and expects the ten 30 - metre underwater turbines to be operational in 2011 .
The turbines will cost about £ 50 m to install .
The tidal waters in the Sound of Islay , the channel dividing Islay from the Jura , move at up to three metres a second .
Energy companies and representatives from the Scottish government will publish on Wednesday a " marine energy roadmap " outlining how to reach the target of generating up to 2GW ( 2,000 MW ) of electricity from tidal and wave power by 2020 .
It will call for more grants and revenue support to enable developers to build commercial scale demonstration projects , such as the Islay installation , over the next two years .
The renewable energy industry admits the techniques to generate electricity from marine energy are in their infancy .
Morna Cannon , from Scottish Renewables , said : " This makes it very hard to pin down the costs of the technology at the moment . "
Alan Mortimer , head of renewables at ScottishPower , admitted tidal energy is more expensive than offshore wind , which costs up to £ 3 m for each megawatt built and itself is only barely economic .
Tidal developers earn more subsidies under the Renewable Obligation Scheme than offshore wind , but only once schemes are operational .
Marine energy developers such as Martin Wright , managing director of start - up company MCT , complain that few investors want to risk their money .
But the Islay project has heavyweight backers .
ScottishPower is owned by Spanish group Iberdrola and has teamed up with Norwegian oil firm Statoil Hydro to develop and finance the project .
There is also strong support on the island , although it is by no means universal .
Kevin Sutherland , manager of the Islay group of Diageo distilleries , works at the Caol Ila distillery , which overlooks the Sound .
The distillery , like the rest of the island , gets the majority of its electricity from the Hunterston nuclear reactor on the mainland .
But the reactor is being decommissioned in 2016 and the distillery suffers frequent power cuts in stormy weather when pylons are blown over .
When the tidal project is built , the distilleries on the island will enjoy a much more secure electricity supply , confounding critics of renewable energy – primarily wind power – who say it is intermittent and unreliable .
One of the biggest obstacles for renewables in Britain has been planning permission .
Onshore wind applications are frequently rejected because locals object to the visual impact .
Because the Islay generators will be on the seabed , no one can see them and the Scottish government will have the final say on planning .
Operating underwater brings its own problems , says Cannon from Scottish Renewables .
George J Gillies is a local fisherman who fishes for crab and lobster at either end of the channel in winter .
He complains that his lobster nets could get tangled in the turbines and says the project threatens the livelihood of eight local fishing families .
But he seems resigned : " If it 's going to generate money , it will get the go - ahead . "
The Islay Energy Trust , a community organisation chaired by Philip Maxwell , has been helping to lobby local politicians and opponents of the project .
In return , it will receive a small slice of the revenue to fund community projects on the island , such as a swimming pool .
I left home when I was very young and started traveling .
When I was 13 I hitchhiked from NYC to Miami , a practice run for my Great Escape , a couple years later , to California ( by thumb ) in order to stow away on a boat to Tonga .
( I got caught on the ship in San Pedro Harbor . )
Eventually I made it over to Europe , bought a VW van and drove to India .
I had an awesome 6 - 7 years .
When anyone would ask me what country I liked most I would always say I would have to take pieces of Sri Lanka , Nepal and Afghanistan to find my ideal country .
( Afghanistan was because of the people . )
But since I visited , all three have been torn apart in brutal civil wars .
I 've been back to Sri Lanka and Nepal but I 'm certain I 'll never see Afghanistan again .
Robert Greenwald -- brave , dedicated soul -- visited Afghanistan last month .
This film he shot gives you an idea why it 's not a place Americans can go any longer .
It should also give you an idea about whyhas been so adamant about defeating the $ 97 billion War Supplemental .
What we were doing to the Afghan people was unspeakable when it was Cheney and Bush .
It 's no better now that it 's Obama and Rahm Emanuel .
It has to stop .
Labels : Afghanistan , supplemental budget
Taliban militants are seen in an undisclosed location in Afghanistan in this picture released to Reuters May 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
JALALABAD , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) - Taliban fighters beat musicians , shaved their heads and left them tied to trees overnight because they performed at an Afghan wedding , a village tribal chief said Monday , a sign of the fighters ’ growing influence .
While in power from 1996 - 2001 , the Taliban banned music as un-Islamic .
The militants have returned to areas in the east and south of the country , where violence has sharply spiked in recent years .
They attack government officials , Afghan police , foreign troops and schools that teach girls , another practice they forbid .
“ A party was going on when a group of Taliban grabbed five musicians and started beating them and smashing their musical instruments , ” said Rahmatullah Khan , a head of Merke Khel village in the east of the country .
“ The musicians were tied up with rope to trees last night and villagers found them in the morning when going out for prayers , ” Khan said .
Khan said Taliban fighters shaved the heads of the musicians and made them take oaths in the presence of villagers that they would not sing or play music at weddings again .
Afghan weddings and engagement parties in rural areas are traditionally celebrated with hundreds of guests , music and singing that often continues until late at night .
Air France : Where Things Stand as Black Box Signals Fade Investigators hopeful black box signals last beyond four more days .
June 26 , 2009  --
It 's been nearly four weeks since Air France flight 447 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean enroute to Paris from Rio de Janeiro .
Search teams are now racing against the clock to find the most vital clues to the crash -- the plane 's black boxes -- before their signals fade .
At the same time , the National Transportation Safety Board this week is investigating two other incidents involving Airbus A330 planes like the one that crashed .
The safety board wants to learn more about reported problems with airspeed and altitude information .
It 's known there were faulty airspeed readings on the Air France flight before the accident , and that 's been a focus of the investigation .
Here 's the latest on where things stand :
Evidence Recovered :
50 bodies .
The body of the pilot and that of a flight attendant are among those that were identified this week .
Hundreds of pieces of debris .
A large chunk of the stabilizer from the plane 's tail , wiring , an airline seat , a boarding pass , personal belongings .
Evidence Not Recovered :
The two most important clues to the mystery -- the flight data recorder and cockpit recorder -- known as the plane 's black boxes .
Their batteries are required to last 30 days from the time of the crash .
It 's already been 26 .
The Hunt for the Black Boxes :
Earlier this week there were reports that sounds heard underwater were coming from the black boxes .
But France 's investigation bureau issued a statement Tuesday saying " no signals transmitted by the flight recorders ' locator beacons have been validated up to now . "
The company that makes the black boxes say they could emit pinging sounds a little bit longer than 30 days , but will eventually fade out .
France 's investigation bureau is hopeful they black boxes will continue to transmit signals beyond that time frame and will continue the underwater search " as long as there will be a reasonable effort . "
The world 's best teams and equipment are in the remote Atlantic Ocean trying to detect the signals .
The French nuclear sub Emeraude , equipped with high - tech sonar equipment , is listening for the acoustics , as is a U.S. Navy underwater listening device that can pick up the pinging sound from the black boxes at depths of 20,000 feet .
A French research vessel , the Pourquoi Pas , is on hand with underwater robots to retrieve the black boxes if the signals are heard .
Latest Analysis of the Evidence :
This week investigators said they 'd identified about more than a dozen of the 50 bodies recovered .
Autopsies on the bodies being examined reveal multiple fractures of passengers ' legs , hips and arms .
The evidence indicates the plane may have come part in the air as opposed to breaking apart when it hit the water .
Large pieces of the plane collected also indicate a midair breakup .
Experts also say bodies are not burned , which suggests there was not an explosion .
But they also say that while the bodies may provide clues , it 's unlikely they will indicate the probable cause of the crash on their own .
Crash remnants pulled out of the Atlantic were flown to the island of Fernando de Noronha , the closest land to the crash site , some 400 miles off Brazil 's coast .
From there they are being transported to the mainland town of Recife for further analysis .
The tail stabilizer of the plane , a huge piece of evidence , arrived in Recife June 14 .
A French technician in Recife is analyzing the evidence and will determine whether debris will be taken to France or evaluated in Brazil .
How Long the Search Will Last :
According to Agence France Presse , France 's investigation bureau will keep searching for the black boxes after June 30 as long as it will represent a " reasonable effort , " the bureau indicated Wednesday .
The bureau also said it would release its first factual report on what happened on July 2 .
The water is warm , about 82 degrees Fahrenheit , which means bodies are more likely to float .
See ABC News photo gallery of the search effort here .
Watch ABC News Video on the Crash :
Air France Crash Questions Sensor Safety ( June 9 , 2009 )
Search Intensifies for Black Boxes ( June 8 , 2009 )
Plane Disappears Off Radar ( June 1 , 2009 )
Read ABC News Stories on the Crash :
French Sub Joins Black Box Search ( June 10 , 2009 )
Carriers Rush to Replace Speed Sensors ( June 9 , 2009 )
Jet 's Tail Could Lead to Answers ( June 8 , 2009 )
Air France Official : ' We Can Fear the Worst ' ( June 1 , 2009 )
Air France 447 : A Guide to the Tragic Crash
Airline Safety Measures Taken Since the Crash :
Air France has replaced speed sensors on its planes .
Airlines , including Delta , US Airways and United are also rushing to finish replacing their sensors , a noncritical change recommended by Airbus 17 months ago .
Faulty speed readings can cause the jet to fly dangerously slow or fast .
Status of Possible Causes and Problems
Speed speculation : Agence France - Presse has reported that there is " still no established link " between the plane 's speed sensors , called pitot tubes , and the crash , according to a spokeswoman for the Bureau Enquetes Analyses , France 's equivalent of the National Transportation Safety Board .
Accident investigators have said speed sensors malfunctioned on the flight , and the problem could have caused the plane to fly dangerously slow or fast .
Last week , Pierre - Henri Gourgeon , Air France - KLM managing director , said , " We cannot , however , assume any link between the sensors and the causes of the accident . "
Meantime , airlines worldwide , including Delta , US Airways and United , are scrambling to replace speed sensors on a number of Airbus jets .
Airbus recommended replacing the speed sensor 17 months ago after reports that they 'd malfunctioned or iced over , but it was n't an urgent problem .
On Monday , June 8 , Airbus sent a note to its customers specifying that the Airbus A330 and A340 were " safe , " even if still equipped with the older speed sensors .
The sensors had not yet been changed on Air France Flight 447 .
The terrorism hypothesis : Reports surfaced June 10 that two passengers on the plane had the same names as radical Muslims on France 's watch list .
French interior ministry spokesman Gerard Gachet denied this lead to ABC News the same day .
Federal police in Rio said June 5 that they had confirmed all passengers on the flight had been checked as part of the effort to rule out terrorism .
But it 's too early to rule out terrorism entirely , officials have said .
On June 5 , French Defense Minister Herve Morin said there was " no element or lead that would allow to corroborate this , but the ongoing investigation never ruled out this because the main threat today against our democracies is terrorism . "
A bomb threat on an Air France flight from South America to Paris fueled speculation about terrorism , but there is no evidence of a similar threat to the accident flight .
The threatened May 27 flight from Buenos Aires to Paris was inspected before takeoff and was allowed to depart after investigators found nothing of concern .
Weather worries : Meteorologists say the plane 's flight path would have taken the jet right through a series of towering thunderstorms .
High thunderstorms that develop quickly are common over this part of the ocean and would have been difficult to fly above .
Aviation experts have said it would be exceedingly unusual for lightning alone , or severe turbulence alone , to bring the plane down , but have said it 's possible weather may have played a part .
The jet was equipped with sophisticated radar to help dodge troublesome storms .
Plane Crash Over the Atlantic : What We Know for Sure
The plane departed from Rio de Janeiro to Paris on May 31 carrying 228 people .
Its last communication came nearly four hours into its journey .
The pilot sent an electronic text message to the airline saying the plane was flying through turbulent weather .
That was in an area called the Intertropical Convergence Zone and it is known for thunderstorms and stormy weather .
A series of 24 automated messages over four minutes was sent from the plane shortly before it vanished , documenting a series of systems failures including lost cabin pressure and electrical failure .
The messages also indicated variable speed readings , possibly indicating a problem with the instruments that measure the speed of the aircraft .
The captain of the flight had more than 11,000 hours of flight time , including 1,700 hours on this type of plane , according to Air France .
The Airbus jet was four years old .
More from ABC
News on airline safety :
Plane Lands After Pilot Dies In - Flight ( June 18 , 2009 ) Death Knell for Geese Near N.Y. Airports ( June 17 , 2009 )
FAA Holds Regional Airline Safety Summit ( June 15 , 2009 )
Capt .
Sully Sullenberger Recounts Landing on Hudson River ( June 9 , 2009 )
Regional Airlines Under Scrutiny ( May 14 , 2009 )
The Black Holes of Plane Crashes ( June 4 , 2009 )
Fear of Flying Causes Families to Split Flights ( June 4 , 2009 )
ABC News ' Lisa Stark , Christophe Schpoliansky , Zoe Magee , Ammu Kannampilly , Renata Araujo and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
I wanted to do this on the exact half - way point , but I missed out on that Friday , so I ’ll start the inaugural Marlins Midseason Review today , after the 82nd game .
Let ’s start with the Marlins overview and offensive outlook .
Florida Marlins :
Record : 42-40
Run Scored - Allowed : 376-399
Run Differential : - 23
Pythagorean Exp Record : 39 - 43
Offense :
Runs Scored : 376
Team Slash Line : .256/.327/.401
Team wOBA : .320
The Marlins made it a focus this season to turn to the ways of 2003 , which was supposed to mean speed on the basepaths and better efficiency .
They wanted to get away from the feast - or - famine approach that led to so many home runs and strikeouts last season .
Larry Beinfest wisely dealt away Mike Jacobs to Kansas City , traded Josh Willingham to Washington in a necessary move to shed salary , and brought back the speedy Emilio Bonifacio to replace Jacobs in the infield .
The result ?
The Marlins dropped their strikeout rate form 24.0 % to 23.0 % , still good for third highest in the Major Leagues , while their walk rate has not budged from the 9.0 % of last season .
Replacing Willingham ’s OBP and SLG balance when healthy and Jacobs heavy bat with a struggling Cameron Maybin and the abject failure that was Bonifacio ’s first half have resulted in a slash line that is identical to last season ’s save for 20 fewer points of slugging .
In short , the Marlins offseason moves made the team hit far weaker and make the same number of outs .
All of this is reflected in the Marlins ’ .320 wOBA , 19th in the major leagues and ahead of such luminary offenses as the Braves , Royals , and Athletics .
In fact , only three teams still in playoff contention rank lower in hitting than the Marlins do .
It ’s safe to say that it has been a failure offensively so far this season .
In fact , one could say that without Hanley Ramirez ’s overall greatness and Cody Ross ’s timely hot streaks , the Marlins would not even be close to sniffing a division lead .
The issue the Marlins faced this offseason was a need to shed payroll .
This was done in the right fashion with regards to some of the Marlins pitching staff , but was handled in a mediocre fashion with regards to the hitters .
Willingham ’s bat was actually consistently good for the Marlins , however quiet that good was .
He constantly was among the team ’s leaders in OBP , and as everyone knows , the key to building a successful offense is to get less guys who make tons of outs .
Replacing him early in the season with Cameron Maybin was understandable but ultimately a failure , as Maybin struggled out of the gates and was demoted .
Bonifacio has provided even less value than Jacobs , as Jake ’s offensive value was somewhat measurable , whereas Bonifacio has shown nothing of worth other than his speed in the last three months .
With the trade market barren this year and the Marlins only interest , utility man Mark DeRosa , off the market , there are few options the Fish can go to to improve the anemic offense .
Cameron Maybin should return to the majors and hopefully have more success than his first stint this season .
Chris Coghlan has been a revelation with his patient approach at the top of the lineup , and if he can continue to put up .360-.370 OBP all season , the Marlins can afford to wait for him to develop more than middle infield power .
The interesting thing if and when Maybin does return to the big leagues is what the Marlins brass chooses to do with Bonifacio .
Jeremy Hermida has had around a league average bat all year but has struggled in the field , but Bonifacio has proven far worse than that .
Will the Marlins make the right choice and bench / demote Bonifacio and move Coghlan into the infield to make room for Maybin , or will Hermida be the one to get the axe as a starter ?
If you ’ve read my stuff , you ’d know my choice is obvious , but with the way Fredi Gonzalez has been dealing with both players on the cutting board , my suspicion is that they ’ll sacrifice Hermida even though his newfound patient approach and OBP will be crucial for a team that does n’t excel in that area .
This remains to be seen .
Best Performer : Hanley Ramirez
It should come as no surprise that the only man who has been consistently great this season for the Fish has been Hanley Ramirez .
Ramirez sports a nifty .346/.409/.574 line , good for a .418 wOBA that is 8th in the majors .
The south Florida media has focused primarily on Hanley ’s performance with runners in scoring position ( RISP ) ;
Hanley leads all hitters in batting average with RISP .
The truth of the matter is Hanley is hitting much the same way as he’s hit all of his career , and that works offensively whether you ’re leading off or batting third in the lineup .
Hanley ’s new aggressive approach has led to more hits but less walks , which is a bit concerning given his .376 BABIP that is likely to regress a bit .
If he stops running into pitches he can smack for singles , he might have to adopt a more patient approach to draw out more walks , especially in a lineup where few hitters are as feared as he is .
One aspect of Hanley ’s game that has significantly declined from the previous years is his speed game .
Sure , Hanley leads all players in doubles , but he has stolen only 12 bases in 19 attempts , a poor success rate and one that ’s hurting the ballclub more than helping .
His speed score is down to 3.8 from previous years , and shown steady decline since his first season .
Part of the reason why Ramirez is so amazing is his game - changing speed , and it seems the bulk - up over the offseason has minimized some of that talent .
Still , with the kind of production he ’s been throwing around , it is extremely difficult to find faults in his game , and indeed it may be best to simply sit back and watch him dominate pitchers on a nightly basis .
Worst Performer : Emilio Bonifacio
It ’s no surprise who ’s got this section wrapped up , especially if you ’ve read any of my stuff since I ’ve started my Marlins blogging .
Many of the Marlins hitters have actually been average to slightly above average at the plate ; in fact , all but one of the Marlins current regular starters have posted wOBA ’s within 0.003 of the league average .328 this season .
The only regular not to be able to perform this feat is Emilio Bonifacio , whose .276 wOBA is 7th worst among qualifying major leaguers , ahead of Jimmy Rollins , Brian Giles , and guys you would expect to be in this region of the list , including Bonifacio ’s future self , Willy Taveras .
There ca n’t be much more to say how bad Bonifacio has been at every aspect of the game offensively .
The only positive is that Bonifacio is currently stealing 72 % of his bases , which is a net positive if you buy that a caught stealing is worth two stolen bases in general to a ballclub .
But even this aspect of his game was only recently corrected , and of course it has been difficult for Bonifacio to show off his speed because he simply has n’t been on base .
As bad as Bonifacio has been offensively , the Marlins management staff has been worse for keeping him in the lineup and letting him eat up the most plate appearances on the team .
If the Marlins remain in contention and miss the playoffs by two or three games , it is plausible to blame this entirely on Bonifacio , as he likely projects to be this bad versus an average baseball player .
If this continues and we do indeed miss the playoffs by a small margin , everyone on this coaching staff should answer to the litany of questions regarding why a 24 - year old who has shown no penchant for hitting in the minor leagues was kept in the starting lineup for as long as he was while more capable options were left on the bench .
Key Second - Half Improvement : Dan Uggla
I ’ve gone over it before , but Uggla has been a bad luck hitter for much of this year .
His atrocious .222 batting average has been fueled by an extremely low .240 BABIP , but this cannot entirely be contributable to luck , as Uggla ’s fly ball approach ( hitting now 51.4 % of batted balls into the air as fly balls ) would naturally yield to a lower batting average .
That being said , his walk rate has remained stable from last year and his ISO is as good as it has been , so one would think that if Uggla could simply hit a few more singles and maintain a similar rate of extra - base hits , he can power through his season - long slump and return to being the patient slugger he was last year .
Again , his on - base - and power - related numbers , isolated from batting average , have been stable throughout the year , showing that he simply has n’t been getting the hits .
And with Uggla ’s 77.1 % contact rate being the highest of his career , one can presume he simply needs to drive the ball more and perhaps some more balls will land in between outfielders rather than in their gloves .
A lot of Marlins fans are showing impatience with Uggla because they are hung up on the high strikeout totals .
By now , most people should realize that strikeouts are not any more harmful to a team than other outs , and the patient approach that Uggla has shown in response to pitchers staying away from the zone against him shows he ’s still a quality major league hitter .
He still needs to square up on the ball a bit more and hit it more cleanly , but he should be able to regress back to a more normal Uggla line .
No one would be unhappy with a .240/.350/.455 line from Uggla , and that ’s what I ’d imagine he can end up with this year if a decent amount of regression occurs .
The sound effect made by the van during " hyperjump " , is the same as R2 - D2 's fast sound effect .
See more
Goofs
Quite a lot of the merchandise displayed in the movie was not released in 1998 .
Most noticeably the Master Replica Force FX Sabers ( 2005 ) throughout the movie ( held by the Darth Vader statue , used by fans in the theatre ) , and the 12 " Taun Taun in the 2002 " Saga " collection packaging in Eric 's bedroom .
See more
Thain knew the willingness of short - term lenders to keep funding Merrill would disappear rapidly if his firm lost the market ’s confidence , as both Lehman and Bear Stearns had .
Without short - term financing , Merrill would not be able to meet its obligations as they became due and the firm would fail .
“ I anticipated that the failure of Lehman would have caused very severe problems for Merrill Lynch , ” Thain said afterward , “ and the potential withdrawal of cash ” would cause a severe liquidity crunch for the firm , with no easy solution .
By Sunday night of that infamous September weekend , Thain and Ken Lewis , the CEO of Bank of America , had cut their deal .
“ Acquiring one of the premier wealth - management , capital - markets , and advisory companies is a great opportunity for our shareholders , ” Lewis said the next morning .
“ Together , our companies are more valuable because of the synergies in our businesses ... I look forward to a great partnership with Merrill Lynch . ” Added Thain : “ Merrill Lynch is a great global franchise , and I look forward to working with Ken Lewis and our senior management teams to create what will be the leading financial institution in the world , with the combination of these two firms . ”
Even at the time , it looked to many like an odd union — a formerly high - flying Wall Street firm , founded in 1914 , scooped up by the Wal - Mart of the banking industry , a Charlotte - based bank known for its brawn in commercial banking .
Nonetheless , champagne toasts and all the usual corporate euphoria accompanied the announcement of the deal .
For Bank of America , it was a move into the fast lane of high finance , and a validation of sorts : on October 19 , a triumphant Lewis appeared on 60 Minutes , and to the question of whether he had conquered Wall Street , he responded , “ We have , yes , we have won in that sense . ”
For Merrill , it was — if nothing else — a second lease on life .
Three months later — even before the deal closed — the engagement was on the rocks , the mood soured by staggering losses at Merrill , and Bank of America ’s executives were looking for a way to break it off .
What followed was an unprecedented series of steps , taken in December by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , to keep the two companies together .
Many of the most stunning details of the hidden negotiations between Paulson , Bernanke , and Lewis would have remained secret if not for the singular persistence of Andrew Cuomo , the New York attorney general , who in February took the depositions of both Lewis and Thain as part of his investigation into why Merrill , though reeling financially , had paid some $ 3.6 billion in bonuses to its employees before the deal closed .
Cuomo has since released large portions of the depositions .
The following account of the events that transpired during the waning days of the Bush administration comes from those transcripts , from the subsequent testimony of Lewis and Bernanke before Congress in June , and from interviews with insiders and knowledgeable observers .
( Paulson , Bernanke , and Lewis all declined to be interviewed . )
The narrative that emerges is troubling .
It raises serious questions about the sanctity of legal contracts in post - crash America , and about the fast - evolving relationship between American government and industry .
Baba Yaga is a figure in Russian and Slavic folk tales .
Operating somewhat like the Boogeyman , or the Wicked Witch from Hansel and Gretel , the Witches from Shakespeare ’s Macbeth and many other characters that fit into the “ Wise Crone ” archetype in worldwide mythology .
Unlike witches in Western folklore , Baba Yaga was rarely depicted as flying around on a broomstick .
More often , she would float around on a giant mortar , a bowl normally used for grinding plants and herbs .
She also never lived in a gingerbread house , or a dark gothic castle .
Baba Yaga ’s home was instead a small cabin that travelled with her on giant dancing chicken legs , surrounded by a fence made of human bones .
She was frequently accompanied by Horsemen wearing white , red and black that represented the Dawn , the Day and the Night .
Although usually filling the role of a villain in most of the old Slavic folk stories , kidnapping children and killing any heroes that crossed her path , Baba Yaga was sometimes depicted as a guide .
She was often said to be wise and was frequently shown to have knowledge and powers beyond any other character , hero or villain , in Russian mythology .
It was almost always dangerous to ask for the guidance of of Baba Yaga , as she was stricken by a curse that caused her to age with every question she was asked and had a tendency to kill visitors who were too nosy about her home and her powers .
Baba Yaga has appeared frequently in movies , animation and books that use the older Slavic myths as their basis .
From her appearance as a villain in Bartok the Magnificent , the prequel to the Oscar nominated musical Anastasia , from the use of a giant castle precariously balanced on a pair of chicken legs in Miyazaki ’s animated epic “ Howl ’s Moving Castle ” , the story of Baba Yaga has touched and influenced popular culture all around the world .
For sale - Moving to a better neighborhood ?
For sale - Moving to a better neighborhood ?
Apparently the neighborhood is a little congested here and a move is in order .
A coalition of indigenous rights ’ organizations and green groups is calling on the World Bank ’s International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) to suspend lending to oil palm plantation developers over revelations by its own internal auditors that the loan - making entity failed to follow its own procedures for protecting against social and environmental abuses .
“ IFC staff knew of the environmental and social risks in the palm oil sector , including unresolved land disputes and non-compliance with its social and environmental standards , but chose to ignore the risks , ” said Marcus Colchester of the Forest Peoples Programme .
“ IFC investment staff overrode IFC procedures and the warnings of environment staff in order to speed investments … [ and ] mis-categorized investments as ‘ low risk ’ ( Category ‘ C’ ) to avoid safeguards and to avoid applying their own performance standards . ”
“ It is clear to us , and the audit confirms this , that IFC suffers a systemic problem whereby the pressure to lend and to support business interests overcomes prudence , due diligence and concern for social and environmental outcomes . ”
The Forest Peoples Programme is demanding that the IFC suspend its support for the palm oil sector in Indonesia until it determines how a long list of violations , ranging from deforestation to land grabbing to human rights abuses , were allowed to continue .
The group notes that many private banks “ look to the IFC for leadership in their lending procedures and use the Performance Standards to guide them . ”
“ It is therefore all the more imperative that the IFC demonstrates responsible practice , ” said Colchester .
Environmentalists say the palm oil industry has driven large - scale destruction of forests in Indonesia , boosting greenhouse gas emissions , endangering rare and charismatic species of wildlife , including the orangutan , and displacing forest communities .
The statement is available at NGOs call on IFC to freeze financing of palm oil sector in Indonesia [ PDF ]
I think the answer to this question lies in how python pass data to parameter ( pass by value or by reference ) , not mutability or how python handle the " def " statement .
A brief introduction .
First , there are two type of data types in python , one is simple elementary data type , like numbers , and another data type is objects .
Second , when passing data to parameters , python pass elementary data type by value , i.e. , make a local copy of the value to a local variable , but pass object by reference , i.e. , pointers to the object .
Admitting the above two points , let 's explain what happened to the python code .
It 's only because of passing by reference for objects , but has nothing to do with mutable / immutable , or arguably the fact that " def " statement is executed only once when it is defined .
[ ] is an object , so python pass the reference of [ ] to a , i.e. , a is only a pointer to [ ] which lies in memory as an object .
There is only one copy of [ ] with , however , many references to it .
For the first foo( ) , the list [ ] is changed to 1 by append method .
But Note that there is only one copy of the list object and this object now becomes 1 .
When running the second foo( ) , what effbot webpage says ( items is not evaluated any more ) is wrong .
a is evaluated to be the list object , although now the content of the object is 1 .
This is the effect of passing by reference !
The result of foo ( 3 ) can be easily derived in the same way .
To further validate my answer , let 's take a look at two additional codes .
====== No. 2 ========
def foo( x , items =None ) : if items is None : items = [ ] items.append(x ) return items foo ( 1 ) #return [ 1 ] foo ( 2 ) #return [ 2 ] foo ( 3 ) #return [ 3 ]
[ ] is an object , so is None ( the former is mutable while the latter is immutable .
But the mutability has nothing to do with the question ) .
None is somewhere in the space but we know it 's there and there is only one copy of None there .
So every time foo is invoked , items is evaluated ( as opposed to some answer that it is only evaluated once ) to be None , to be clear , the reference ( or the address ) of None .
Then in the foo , item is changed to [ ] , i.e. , points to another object which has a different address .
====== No. 3 =======
def foo(x , items = [ ] ) : items.append(x ) return items foo ( 1 ) # returns [ 1 ] foo( 2 , [ ] ) # returns [ 2 ] foo ( 3 ) # returns [ 1,3 ]
The invocation of foo ( 1 ) make items point to a list object [ ] with an address , say , 11111111 .
the content of the list is changed to 1 in the foo function in the sequel , but the address is not changed , still 11111111 .
Then foo( 2 , [ ] ) is coming .
Although the [ ] in foo ( 2 , [ ] ) has the same content as the default parameter [ ] when calling foo ( 1 ) , their address are different !
Since we provide the parameter explicitly , items has to take the address of this new [ ] , say 2222222 , and return it after making some change .
Now foo ( 3 ) is executed .
since only x is provided , items has to take its default value again .
What 's the default value ?
It is set when defining the foo function : the list object located in 11111111 .
So the items is evaluated to be the address 11111111 having an element 1 .
The list located at 2222222 also contains one element 2 , but it is not pointed by items any more .
Consequently , An append of 3 will make items [ 1,3 ] .
From the above explanations , we can see that the effbot webpage recommended in the accepted answer failed to give a relevant answer to this question .
What is more , I think a point in the effbot webpage is wrong .
I think the code regarding the UI .
Button is correct :
for i in range ( 10 ) : def callback ( ) : print " clicked button " , i UI .
Button ( " button %s " % i , callback )
Each button can hold a distinct callback function which will display different value of i .
I can provide an example to show this :
x= [ ] for i in range ( 10 ) : def callback ( ) : print( i ) x.append( callback )
POOR Google .
The company that set out to change the world of computing without becoming an imperial market force looks more like Microsoft every day .
As Jeff Horwitz notes , the company is being sued over a number of claims of predatory pricing , and it 's attracting increasing interest from the trust - busters in the Justice Department .
Any day now we 'll be seeing Larry Page and Sergey Brin doing the Bill Gates perp walk up Capitol Hill .
But Google has a defence ready — it 's just not that big :
As might be expected , Google 's presentation highlights the company 's many good works and " do n't be evil " corporate philosophy .
But there 's another element at front and center of the presentation : According to Warner and Kovacevich , their company holds only a 2.66 percent share of its total market .
If that number seems low for the runaway success story of the Internet age , Google wants you to believe that it 's just a question of market definition .
Google rejects the idea that it's in the search advertising business , an industry in which it holds more than a 70 percent share of revenue .
Instead , the company says that its competition is all advertising , a category broad enough to include newspaper , radio and highway billboards .
I think that this is both correct and misleading .
On the one hand , there are a lot of substitutes for Google 's advertising business , both traditional ( newspaper and radio ) and non-traditional ( craigslist ) .
It 's obvious that Google 's activities are related to these markets , because Google 's activities have affected the profitability — and ultimately the business models — of a number of ad revenue - based sectors .
On the other hand , that 's somewhat irrelevant .
Google 's argument here is akin to a firm saying that it's not a monopolist because it is n't in the airline business , it 's in the transportation business .
But the competitive asymmetry is obvious ; an airline can influence profitability for a competing rail line on short - haul trips , but a monopolist airline has a pretty free hand to price long - haul or overseas travel as it wishes .
In other words , the fact that Google can influence newspaper profitability does n't mean that newspapers are providing any kind of competitive check on Google online .
The online market is sufficiently different that Google can and does possess signficant market power .
Now that alone does n't mean that Google should face antitrust action from the government , as Mr Horwitz notes .
It does suggest that to defuse antitrust sentiment , Google will have to come up with something better than " we 're just not that big " .
Making Sense
Bernanke ’s Bad Teachers
By Gerald Friedman
This article is from the July / August 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense : Real World Economics available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the July / August 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
Addressing a conference honoring Milton Friedman on his 90th birthday in 2002 , the future chairman of the Federal Reserve Board , Ben Bernanke , praised Friedman ’s 1963 book , written with Anna J. Schwartz , The Monetary History of the United States .
Before Friedman and Schwartz , most economists saw the Great Depression of the 1930s as proof that capitalist economies do not tend towards full - employment equilibrium .
But Friedman and Schwartz restored the prior orthodoxy by blaming the Great Depression on bad monetary policy by the Federal Reserve while exonerating American capitalism .
The Great Depression was “ the product of the nation ’s monetary mechanism gone wrong . ”
It is significant that Friedman and Schwartz never use the phrase “ the Great Depression ” ; instead , they speak of “ the Great Contraction ” of the 1930s , addressing the reduction in the money supply while treating the fall in employment and output as a secondary matter , the consequence of bad government policy that caused “ the Great Contraction . ”
By flattering the prejudices of economists who want to believe in the natural stability of free markets , Friedman and Schwartz ’s story has become the accepted explanation of America ’s worst economic disaster .
Bernanke , for one , confesses that he was inspired by their work ; “ hooked ” in graduate school , “ I have been a student of monetary economics and economic history ever since . ”
Pushing on an open door , Friedman and Schwartz persuaded most orthodox economists , and that part of the political elite that listens to economists , that the economic collapse that began in 1929 was an accident that would have been avoided by reliance on free markets and competent Federal Reserve monetary policy .
Bernanke closed his 2002 remarks with a promise .
“ Let me end my talk , ” he said , “ by abusing slightly my status as an official representative of the Federal Reserve .
I would like to say to Milton and Anna : Regarding the Great Depression .
You ’re right , we did it .
We ’re very sorry .
But thanks to you , we wo n’t do it again . ”
Bernanke had five years to ponder this promise before he faced a worthy challenge ; and then he acted with the vigor of a Friedman / Schwartz acolyte .
When this decade ’s housing bubble began to deflate in early 2007 , major financial firms like New Century Finan-cial and Bear Stearns reported major losses , and confidence in the U.S. financial system began to collapse as swiftly as in 1929�33 .
In early August , the rising tide reached tsunami dimensions when the International Monetary Fund warned of a trillion dollars in bank losses from bad mortgages .
This was Bernanke ’s moment .
Channeling Friedman and Schwartz , careful to avoid the mistakes of 1929�33 , the Federal Reserve moved quickly in early August 2007 to provide liquidity to financial markets .
It acted again on August 17 by cutting mortgage rates .
More cuts came on September 18 , on October 31 , and on December 11 .
Then , on December 12 , the Fed announced the creation of a new facility formed with the Europeans ( Term Auction Facility , or TAF ) to provide $ 24 billion in additional liquidity to financial markets .
After still more interest rate cuts in January 2008 , a new special lending facility , with $ 100 billion , was established on March 2 , along with another $ 75 billion for the TAF .
Then , on March 11 , another new facility was created , the Term Securities Lending Facility , with $ 200 billion .
And all this was long before the bailouts of Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , AIG , or the federal government ’s trillion - dollar Toxic Assets Relief Program ( TARP ) .
If insanity consists of doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results , then the Federal Reserve went insane after the summer of 2007 .
Never before has it acted this aggressively in trying to get ahead of a financial market meltdown .
Under Bernanke , the Fed has increased the money supply by over 16 % in less than two years , nearly mirroring the 18 % drop in the money supply in the same period after the stock market collapse of 1929 .
Had he lived , Milton Friedman would have been proud .
The one thing that has not changed between the crisis of 1929 + and the crisis of 2007 + has been the behavior of the real economy .
Bernanke has avoided his predecessors ’ monetary policy mistakes , but he has not prevented a sharp economic downturn .
Since 2007 , the economy has lost nearly 6 million jobs , including over half a million in the last month .
At 8.9 % , the April 2009 unemployment rate unnervingly equals the 1930 figure .
We have a long way to go before we hit Great Depression level unemployment ; but we are only in the second year of this collapse .
And monetary policy is not helping .
Here , then , we see the legacy of Friedman and Schwartz .
Confident that capitalist free markets naturally move towards a full - employment equilibrium , Bernanke and his allies saw the need for only one type of government action : providing liquidity to the banks in order to strengthen confidence in the financial markets .
Guided by Friedman and Schwartz , Bernanke has provided nearly unlimited aid to the Wall Street bankers and financiers responsible for our current economic collapse .
And he has starved the real economy — businesses , workers , and homeowners — to avoid interfering in free markets .
Bernanke has conducted an economic policy as cruel as it has been ineffective .
But the blame here goes beyond Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz .
It lies squarely on the economics profession .
Gerald Friedman is a professor of economics at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst .
Sources : Remarks by Governor Ben S. Bernanke at the Conference to Honor Milton Friedman , University of Chicago , November 8 , 2002 , available A Monetary History of the United States , 1867 - 1960 ( Princeton U. Press , 1963 ) . : Remarks by Governor Ben S. Bernanke at the Conference to Honor Milton Friedman , University of Chicago , November 8 , 2002 , available here ; Milton Friedman and Anna Jacobson Schwartz , , 1867 - 1960 ( Princeton U. Press , 1963 ) .
Did you find this article useful ?
Please consider supporting our work by donating or subscribing .
Red Remover
A block removal puzzler with a gravitational twist .
Your objective is to remove the red shapes in each level without causing the green shapes to fall off the screen .
Arguing on the Internet
Rock , Paper , Cynic has a forum , but we discuss instead of argue ( most of the time ) .
By GottaLaff
This video refers to this .
David Shuster really needs a show of his own .
How many time must we say this , MSNBC , before you take us seriously ?
Dr. Nancy ?
No. Other Guy Whose Name I Don't Even Know , but is the New Morning Guy ?
Uh-uh .
Shuster ?
Absolutely .
Ten thumbs up .
Las Mil y una lecciones de Ajedrez
There is much in the House cap - and - trade energy bill that just passed that I absolutely hate .
It is too weak in key areas and way too complicated in others .
A simple , straightforward carbon tax would have made much more sense than this Rube Goldberg contraption .
It is pathetic that we could n’t do better .
It is appalling that so much had to be given away to polluters .
It stinks .
It ’s a mess .
I detest it .
Now let ’s get it passed in the Senate and make it law .
Why ?
Because , for all its flaws , this bill is the first comprehensive attempt by America to mitigate climate change by putting a price on carbon emissions .
Rejecting this bill would have been read in the world as America voting against the reality and urgency of climate change and would have undermined clean energy initiatives everywhere .
More important , my gut tells me that if the U.S. government puts a price on carbon , even a weak one , it will usher in a new mind - set among consumers , investors , farmers , innovators and entrepreneurs that in time will make a big difference  much like the first warnings that cigarettes could cause cancer .
The morning after that warning no one ever looked at smoking the same again .
Ditto if this bill passes .
Henceforth , every investment decision made in America  about how homes are built , products manufactured or electricity generated  will look for the least - cost low - carbon option .
And weaving carbon emissions into every business decision will drive innovation and deployment of clean technologies to a whole new level and make energy efficiency much more affordable .
That ai n’t beanbag .
LOS ANGELES  Maybe it was something Jerry West said after all .
The former Los Angeles Lakers Hall of Famer , who was responsible for the franchise acquiring Kobe Bryant 13 years ago , recently said that the Cleveland Cavaliers ' LeBron James had surpassed the Lakers guard as pro basketball 's premier player .
GAME 1 REPORT : Lakers 100 , Magic 75
In one of the most dominating openers to the NBA Finals , the strictly business Bryant invigorated the Lakers with 40 points in a crushing 100 - 75 triumph Thursday against the Orlando Magic .
" I think the best thing we can do is forget about it , " said Bryant , who added eight assists , eight rebounds , two steals and two blocked shots .
" This is a resilient Orlando Magic team . "
It was the Magic 's worst loss in these playoffs , and it was their lowest point total since Feb. 11 .
They defeated the Lakers in both regular - season games .
" As a team , they kicked our butts on the board , " said Dwight Howard , league defensive player of the year , held to one field goal and 12 points .
Bryant , providing a momentum burst , scored 30 points during a 16 - minute span from the second quarter into the third .
The Lakers pounded the Magic , outscoring them 56 - 22 in the paint and outrebounding them 55 - 41 .
" We 're going to have to pick up our competitive nature , " Magic guard Rafer Alston said .
And put down the history books .
The Magic , heading into Sunday 's Game 2 in Los Angeles , face an ominous deficit even after one game .
Orlando must stare down history to overcome the favored Lakers : Phil Jackson - coached teams have a 43 - 0 record after winning the first of a best - of - five - or seven - game series .
" We 've just got to keep our foot on the gas and keep our head down and just keep on working , " Bryant said .
The last time the Lakers were seen in the Finals , they were heading toward their locker room in Boston last June and summer break after being drubbed by 39 points in a series - ending Game 6 by the Celtics .
The renewed rivalry between the league 's superpowers never panned out .
Bryant and his teammates have used that humiliation to motivate them all season and throughout these playoffs .
They are on a mission .
The Magic , who went 2 - 0 against the Lakers in the regular season , appeared a touch overwhelmed in their first Finals appearance since 1995 .
Not even the return of All - Star point guard Jameer Nelson from a four - month layoff after shoulder surgery could help the Eastern Conference champions .
Orlando center Howard was engulfed by two and three Lakers every time he touched the ball and scored 12 points — 10 on free throws — on just 1 - of - 6 shooting .
" We did a good job on him , but he 'll be ready to go Game 2 , " Bryant said .
" We worked very hard on the perimeter , keeping those guys out of rhythm , then we did a good job on him inside — giving him different looks . "
And the Magic 's outside shooters , so deadly while eliminating MVP James and the Cleveland Cavaliers in the conference finals , were off the mark .
The Magic went just 8 - of - 23 on threes and shot only 30 % overall .
" We 've never had a shooting night this bad , " Howard said .
" We 've just got to come out and give a better effort than we put out tonight . "
Bryant slithered around Magic defenders with ease .
Bryant scored an effortless 18 points in the first half and then took over in the third quarter , scoring 18 of L.A. 's 29 points with an assortment of jumpers , fadeaways and layups .
" He was great .
He was tremendous , " said Van Gundy , who felt his team did a poor job defending the Lakers ' pick and roll .
" We were giving him too much space on his pull - up jumpers and he did a good job of attacking us .
I know this :
We are a lot better than we showed . "
With the 24 - second shot clock running down on one possession , he froze Mickael Pietrus with a head fake and then sliced between Howard and Rashard Lewis , who looked as if they might applaud him , too .
Moments later , Bryant whipped a pass to teammate Trevor Ariza , who buried a three - pointer to make it 80 - 58 .
Bryant pumped both fists and yelled toward Ariza .
But this time , Bryant , who can be demanding of those around him , was offering support .
Accused of being aloof and selfish , he has become a better teammate and a better leader .
Nelson sat the first quarter as he has throughout the playoffs , but Van Gundy started him in the second quarter and the healed guard made an immediate impact .
Nervously chomping on his black mouthpiece and darting as always , he made a sweet bounce pass to Marcin Gortat for a dunk on Orlando 's first possession in the period .
Nelson then set up Lewis for a three before making his first basket in four months on a short baseline jumper .
Nelson was back and the Magic , who dethroned the champion Celtics and toppled King James , looked as if they 'd give the Lakers a run .
Bryant , though , outran them by himself .
Notes : Bryant 's 40 were a career high in the finals , and it was the 10th time he has scored 40 or more in the playoffs .
... Van Gundy said the toughest part of his decision to play Nelson was telling guard Tyronn Lue he would be inactive .
...
Bryant is ranked as the world 's 10th biggest celebrity by Forbes .
Bryant was the second highest ranked athlete , trailing only Tiger Woods , who was No. 5 . According to the magazine , Bryant made $ 45 million in salary and endorsements this year .
...
With 206 playoff wins , Jackson trails only Hall of Fame hockey coach Scotty Bowman ( 223 ) for the most wins in postseason history .
Contributing : The Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was working from home Thursday after fracturing her right elbow during a fall the day before , State Department officials said .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was treated and released after fracturing her elbow .
Clinton fell Wednesday afternoon at the State Department on her way to the White House and was taken to George Washington University Hospital .
She was treated and released .
She will have surgery to repair her elbow in coming weeks .
Clinton was with Richard Holbrooke , President Obama 's special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , when she fell .
" Secretary Clinton appreciates the professionalism and kindness she received from the medical team who treated her this evening and looks forward to resuming her full schedule soon , " said department spokeswoman Cheryl Mills .
Philip Crowley , an assistant secretary of state , said Obama was one of the first people to call Clinton Wednesday night .
Clinton was at home " resting comfortably , or uncomfortably .
She is working from home .
She is already taking some calls , and I 'm sure starting to learn the limits of movement -- how well you can text with one arm in a sling , " Crowley said .
CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .
All About Hillary Clinton
On a Sunday afternoon , lounging around my apartment watching “ Terms of Endearment ” on HBO , inspiration suddenly strikes and I am compelled to make ginger ale from scratch .
It would take a team of behavior specialists and Debra Winger fans to analyze this phenomenon , but suffice it to say : I was hot and I had ginger .
I recalled a recipe for homemade Ginger Ale in Jean - George ’s book “ Cooking At Home with a Four - Star Chef ” , so I tore myself away from Aurora Greenway and studied the recipe .
The recipe is pretty specific : it calls for one pound of fresh ginger , two stalks of lemongrass , and two small fresh chiles ( “ stems removed . ” )
I did n’t have much of that : I just had a big knob of ginger leftover from something gingery .
There are two types of cooks in this world : those who wo n’t do a recipe unless they have everything the recipe calls for , down to the smallest detail ( a pinch of salt measured by approximating the cookbook author ’s finger size and pinch - grasp ) and those who use a recipe as a launching pad , throwing things together willy - nilly * and hoping for the best .
[* Note :
This is the first time I ’ve used the phrase “ willy - nilly ” on this blog and I wanted to point that out .
Thank you ! ]
I used to be in the former category , a recipe purist , until I saw Julia Child say on TV that “ anyone who does n’t do a recipe because they ’re missing an ingredient or two , will never be a cook . ”
The more and more I get into cooking , the more I realize that Julia ’s right .
And such was the case with this ginger ale .
For example , in the recipe proper , it tells you to chop the ginger ( skin-on ) , the lemongrass and the chiles and then puree them in a food processor .
My food processor has n’t been working lately , so I just grated the ginger into a little pot and when i got tired of grating , I chopped up the rest .
I took one dried red chile and crumbled it in :
I added about 2 cups of water ( maybe a little less ) , 1/2 cup of sugar , and put it on the boil .
When it came to the boil , I reduced to a simmer and let it simmer for 15 minutes .
Pretty quickly I tasted to make sure I liked the balance and , indeed , I did .
Once it ’s syrupy , and 15 minutes have passed , let it cool and then strain it ( I strained into a measuring glass to make it easier to pour later ) :
Chill it in the fridge until you just can’t wait anymore , and then get yourself a glass with some ice in it ( we do n’t have any glasses !
Just mugs ! ) and some soda water and set it all out with the syrup :
Pour 1/ 4 cup of syrup into the glass then stir in the soda water .
Taste !
Add more syrup if you think it needs more .
Is n’t it refreshing ?
Seriously : this is one refreshing summer drink .
And it has a real kick to it with those chiles ( or , in my case , that one chile ) .
It ’s a heat that sneaks up on you , you take a gulp , you smile , and then the back of your throat starts to burn .
You ’ll love it .
For those recipe purists , though , who want to know Jean - George ’s exact recipe : here it is .
Skip the lemongrass if you can’t find it , though next time I make this , I ’m going to include it .
I ’m also going to make the full recipe next time because the small amount I made will hardly make three drinks and I have a feeling I ’m going to be drinking this a lot this summer .
It ’s a perfect summer drink .
Homemade Ginger Ale
recipe by Jean - Georges Vongerichten
from “ Cooking at Home with a Four - Star Chef ”
Ingredients :
1 pound fresh ginger , unpeeled and cut into small dice
2 stalks lemongrass , trimmed and roughly chopped
2 small fresh chiles , stems removed
1 1/2 cups sugar
Soda water
Lime wedges
1. Combine the ginger , lemongrass and chiles in food processor and process until minced , stopping the machine periodically and scraping down the sides .
2 . Place the puree in a saucepan with the sugar and 1 quart water ( that ’s four cups ) .
Bring to a boil over high heat , then reduce to medium and simmer for 15 minutes .
Turn off the heat .
Cool , then strain and chill .
3 . To serve , place 1 /4 cup of the syrup in a glass full of ice .
Fill with soda water , taste and add more syrup if you like .
Garnish with a lime wedge , then serve .
Related Recipes :
Ginger Cookies
Momofuku ’s Ginger Scallion Noodles
Pumpkin Muffins with Molasses - Ginger Glaze
Nectarine - Apricot - Ginger Jam
Nectarine Pie with Candied Ginger
The U.S. General Accounting Office produced a report on cooperatives in March 2000 that was mostly sour on the idea .
Using five different co-ops as examples , the study concluded that on the key function -- lowering the cost of insurance -- these non-profit insurance pools came up well short .
" The cooperatives ' potential to reduce overall premiums is limited because ( 1 ) they lack sufficient leverage as a result of their limited market share ; ( 2 ) the cooperatives have not been able to produce administrative cost savings for insurers ; or ( 3 ) their state laws and regulations already restrict to differing degrees the amount insurers can vary the premiums charged different groups purchasing the same health plan . "
Part of the problem was availability .
While cooperatives sought to provide more choice of insurance to participants , oftentimes they failed to get consumers a broader range of options .
" Not all plans are available in all areas served by each cooperative , and individual employers using some cooperatives may limit the choice of plans their employees can select , " the study concluded .
And without a large number of participants , co-ops essentially were subject to the whims of the insurance market , unable to use market influence to get consumers better deals on coverage .
" None of the purchasing cooperatives we reviewed had a large enough market share to create bargaining leverage and therefore had a limited ability to significantly increase the percentage of small employers offering coverage in their state , " the study found .
As the President stated in March , ‘ The thinking on the public option has been that it gives consumers more choices and it helps keep the private sector honest , because there ’s some competition out there . ’
We agree with the President that a public option will keep insurance companies honest and increase competition .
There is strong support in the House for a public option .
In the House , all three of our bills contain a public option , as does the bill from the Senate HELP Committee .
A public option is the best option to lower costs , improve the quality of health care , ensure choice and expand coverage .
The public option brings real reform to lower costs over the 10 - year period of the bill .
The public option is central to healthcare reform .
Real reform , which lowers costs and ensures all Americans get the quality , affordable healthcare that they deserve , cannot be accomplished without a robust public option .
As we have stated repeatedly for months now , a majority of the members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus will oppose any healthcare reform legislation that does not include a robust public option .
Our position has not , and will not , change .
As Co-Chair of the Progressive Caucus , I look forward to working with my colleagues to develop comprehensive legislation that allows all Americans to choose the healthcare plan that ’s right for them and their families .
But I will not support any bill that does not include a public option .
This morning Howard Dean was on MSNBC explaining why Insurance Industry shill Kent Conrad 's ( D - MT - $ 828,787 ) coops wo n't work -- and then taught the media a lesson about buying into right - wing / corporate talking points -- i.e , that the " public option " is a " dirty word . "
He also brought up the specter of primaries against corporate shills passing themselves off as Democrats who oppose the public option .
Take a look at the video at the bottom of the post .
Dean did a good job but it's a complex issue and not one that sounds good as a slogan or works on a bumper sticker .
Sam Stein over at HuffPo , on the other hand , nails it so that even the weakest members of the Democratic herd , your Blanche Lincolns , Richard Pryors and Kent Conrads -- will understand why coops wo n't lower costs
Like we pointed out yesterday , over 60 progressives have said they will not vote for a bill that does n't include the public option .
Today more members of Congress started speaking out against the attempt by the Insurance Industry and their right - wing , Limbaugh / Fox - fueled screaming wind - up soldiers to turn back the clock again .
Speaker Pelosi has reiterated that even if Obama and the shills in the House of Lords cave to the Insurance Industry , the bill that comes out of the House will have a public option Anthony Weiner ( D - NY ) one of the 60 - some - odd signers of the various pledges to kill any bill without a public option .
But , in an interview on CNBC this morning , he made it clear that he and many other Democrats who did n't take the pledge feel just as strongly as those who did .
He said there are around 100 members of Congress who will oppose a bill written by Insurance Industry lobbyists for the Senate Finance Committee .
" There are just too many people in Washington who believe that the public plan was the only way that you effectively bring some downward pressure on prices , and if he [ Obama ] says well we 're not going to have that , then I 'm not really quite sure what we 're doing here .
" One of the members who organized the original letter to Pelosi saying that progressives would not accept a shill bill without a robust public option was Arizona Congressman Raúl Grijalva , co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus .
Is issued a statement today that made it clear that he does n't give a hoot what Wall Street wheeler dealer Rahm Emanuel is doing to appease political donors with a meaningless bill .
Pretty clear !
And so was Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) , Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus , which has tended to give Obama a great deal of leeway .
Rep
Lee just drew a line in the sand " “ Recent comments by Obama Administration officials regarding the public option and health reform are deeply troubling .
Any bill without a public health insurance plan like Medicare is not health reform .
Without a public option there will be no way to keep insurance companies honest and their rates down .
A public health option that competes with private insurers will set standards that could help lower costs and improve access .
The Congressional Black Caucus remains committed to ensuring that health reform is meaningful and that means making sure the a public option is part of the package .
” Jerry Nadler ( D - NY ) , one of health care reform 's most devoted champions , was on NPR this morning with Katherine Lanpher and he did n't shy away from reminding his listeners / constituents that insurance companies are " basically the most profitable industry in the country because they are skimming so much off the top , " before pledging again that he 'll vote against any bill without a robust public option .
Its even more difficult for members of the House of Lords to take these kinds of strong statements against the Insurance Industry and their colleagues who are in the lobbyists ' pockets .
Over the past couple of weeks we 've watched admiringly as the Senate 's two most courageous and independent - minded members , Bernie Sanders ( I - VT ) and Jeff Merkley ( D - OR ) , have done just that .
Today Russ Feingold also stepped forward on behalf of working families .
“ A public option , " he told his Wisconsin constituents , " is a fundamental part of ensuring health care reform brings about real change .
Opposing the public plan is an endorsement of the status quo in this country that has left tens of millions of Americans uninsured or underinsured and put massive burdens on employers .
I have heard too many horror stories from my constituents about how the so - called competitive marketplace has denied them coverage from the outset , offered a benefit plan that covers everything but what they need or failed them some other way .
A strong public option would ensure competition in the industry to provide the best , most affordable insurance for Americans and bring down the skyrocketing health care costs that are the biggest contributor to our long - term budget deficits .
I am not interested in passing health care reform in name only .
Without a public option , I do n’t see how we will bring real change to a system that has made good health care a privilege for those who can afford it .
” Almost time to watch the Howard Dean video I promised .
But first let me implore you again to thank the members of Congress who are standing up the Obama and standing up to the threats and wrath of the big corporations and , worse , Rahm Emanuel .
You can do what they did -- stand up for the public option .
Even a one dollar symbolic donation will let these members of Congress know you appreciate their stand .
Even Bob Herbert at theand Eugene Robinson at the Washington Post are starting to wonder what has happened to the agent of Change and Hope we elected a few months ago .
Has Rahm Emanuel had this much of an impact on him already ?
Labels : Anthony Weiner , Barbara Lee , Howard Dean , Jerry Nadler , public option , Raul Grijalva , Russ Feingold
As the panellists walked on stage for the Wonder Women talk at Comic - Con yesterday ( subtitled " female power icons in pop culture " ) it was interesting to see the various levels of famous ; Eliza Dushku , formerly of Buffy and now star of Joss Whedon 's Dollhouse , got a good round of applause .
Zoe Saldana , the new Uhura , got lots of claps and growing number of " whoop whoop whoooooooo ! " , noises .
Elizabeth Mitchell , from Lost , received both whoops and several cheers of " Lost ! Lost ! Lost ! " .
And then ?
Ripley beat them all .
And so she should , being the best female action hero ever despite it being 30 years since Alien was released .
Sigourney Weaver got a standing ovation for simply walking on stage - and from that point until the end of the panel , the air was crackling with bright little flashbulb hiccups and the little electric cla-chuk of 4,000 digital cameras taking 400,000 pictures of a stage that felt as if it was 40 miles away .
Weaver was passionate in her belief that female action stars - and powerful female roles in general – should be action stars and roles first , and female depending on whoever was best for the role .
" Science fiction is an investigation into what it is to be human , " she said at one point .
" A lot of the roles I have played , they 're not trying to create a female action figure - they 're trying to create a fully - functioning human being ; a character comes first . "
Of Ripley she said , " I was playing a person : people want things , believe in things .
I am grateful , though that when we started out , I got to wear clothes .
Real clothes .
" I think my issue was what people were always looking for was someone who was 5 ' 2 " and petite and blonde and I could n't possibly do that , I would tower over these leading men " - and she patted the shoulders of the tiny , younger actors to her side .
" I get sent roles now , but still , men 's roles - because society is changing faster than Hollywood moves and can understand . "
The question of appearance ended up being one of the key points of debate .
Saldana , already all the rage thanks to her turn in the Star Trek reboot , was by this point becoming more popular by the second thanks to her intelligence and articulacy on the panel .
" It 's about how long I have to stand fighting a room full of men about why I should do a fight scene in trousers , where I 'm required to run across a floor and leap on to a moving elevator , " she argued , " They 're confused because they 're convinced I should be just as good at doing that in a leather miniskirt and Gucci boots . "
Dushku , meanwhile , came across as somebody who wanted to be both powerful and frequently score roles that being a young , striking woman allowed her to play .
She talked of having a character that was able to sell sex - to use , as she put it , her feminine wiles .
" I asked Joss for the most kick - ass multi-dimensional character he could think of , and he delivered ... this character , it 's just a lot like me . "
So is the problem in the writing , the casting , or what the audience demands and understands ?
Lessons here :
1. Soldana has her head truly on her shoulders in terms of what 's going on , as well as her ability to connect to an audience .
2 . Age is also an issue .
Elizabeth Mitchell : " My roles have been far more adventurous , far more interesting , once I moved beyond 30 ; my roles are juicer , and sexier , and more powerful - we 're allowed to do all those things , be all those things , once we pass 30 . "
But , and this was a point that both she and Saldana touched upon , these roles are more likely to be in TV than on film .
It seems to take ideas longer to filter through Hollywood than through TV , and riskier casting , they suggested , is more likely to happen on the small screen than the big .
This was all wrapped up when someone brought the title back into play .
If this was all about Wonder Woman , why was n't there a Wonder Woman movie ( Dushku , the most likely to know what the hold - ups on Whedon 's planned project , was n't saying anything , if she knew ) .
Could there be a 35 - year - old Wonder Woman ?
Or even a 45 - year - old one ?
Or would she have to be 25 , like so many other roles ?
The affectionate crowd could have named Soldana Wonder Woman on the spot , who responded with a thoughtful critique : " 65 - year - old men want to see 25 - year - old women .
And they 're the people that are cutting the cheques , they 're the people that are making the decisions , and until we change that - until they allow a younger segment of the audience to have a say in those decisions that 's going to continue to be the way . "
" I think it 's a mistake to look to Hollywood as the bringer about of socio- economic , sociological change , " said Weaver .
" It 's about your writing the scripts , leading them by the nose into making the decisions that actually , and accurately , represent the feelings of the audience . "
Or as Saldana put it - you have to ask .
The fans have to say they want something different when it comes to casting women in supernatural or super - powerful roles .
But that just makes you wonder whether it 's wishful thinking on the part of female actors .
After all , when the super - fans typical of Comic - Con want something , they are not backward in coming forward .
Perhaps they are already getting what they want .
High court says detective constable had ' no reasonable expectation of privacy ' in landmark ruling for bloggers
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Blogging is a public activity with no right to anonymity , the high court ruled today in a decision expected to have far - reaching repercussions for thousands of bloggers who keep their identities secret .
Richard Horton had obtained a temporary injunction against the Times after a reporter discovered he was the officer behind the NightJack blog , which attracted hundreds of thousands of followers to its behind - the - scenes commentary on policing .
Horton , a detective constable with the Lancashire constabulary , prevented the Times from revealing his identity after arguing the paper would be putting him at risk of disciplinary action for disclosing confidential information about prosecutions within the force .
However , in a landmark judgment Mr Justice Eady overturned the injunction , stating that Horton , whose blog at one time had around 500,000 readers a week , had " no reasonable expectation of privacy " .
" I do not accept that it is part of the court 's function to protect police officers who are , or think they may be , acting in breach of police disciplinary regulations from coming to the attention of their superiors , " Eady added .
The case comes as court decisions on freedom of expression and privacy , both rights protected by the Human Rights
Act , come under increasing scrutiny after a series of controversial court decisions , many involving Eady .
Ruling in favour of the right of the press to report details in the public interest , Eady stated his decision was in part informed by " a growing trend towards openness and transparency in such matters " .
However the implications of the judgment for bloggers who rely on anonymity to reveal confidential information will be immediate , critics of the ruling have said .
" Thousands of regular bloggers who communicate nowadays via the internet under a cloak of anonymity would be horrified to think that the law would do nothing to protect their anonymity if someone carried out the necessary detective work and sought to unmask them , " said Hugh Tomlinson QC , the barrister for Horton .
The law protects confidential information where that information is shared in circumstances that are proved to be confidential , and where there is a " reasonable expectation of privacy " .
Today 's ruling , believed to be the first on the privacy rights of internet bloggers , confirms that a desire to remain anonymous is insufficient to be enforced by law .
In one city classroom this summer , a computer algorithm is telling students what to do .
The classroom is actually a library at a Chinatown middle school with just 80 students , but school officials are hoping that it offers a glimpse into the future of the school system , one in which every student ’s individual strengths and weaknesses are calculated before each day is planned .
Students in the new pilot program , a $ 1 million effort that officials are calling the School of One , take a quiz every afternoon , and then receive a computer - generated schedule each morning , called a “ playlist . ”
A student ’s playlist might tell him to begin the day by meeting with a tutor , then to complete a set of online tasks , and then to work on a project with his classmates .
The program , which focuses only on math instruction , will expand to three sites in January .
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein will roll out the program today , along with its mastermind , Joel Rose , who previously worked for Edison Schools , the for - profit education management company now known as EdisonLearning .
The announcement will mark one of the first initiatives of Klein ’s administration that focuses on what happens inside classrooms since he unveiled citywide math and reading programs six years ago .
That effort scripted moves down to how teachers should arrange their classrooms and the size of rugs .
The School of One project is based on the much different view that every student in the city should be taught a curriculum designed specifically for him or her , with technological innovations leading a transformation of the way teachers and students interact .
Earlier this year , Klein told a New York Times columnist that he envisioned a school system where instruction was individualized by cutting down on the number of teachers and relying more on technology .
The School of One actually has a lower student - teacher ratio than typical middle school classrooms , with 10 students to every one adult .
The summer pilot includes 80 rising seventh - graders from Manhattan ’s MS 131 and , on the supervisory side , four teachers , four assistant teachers , and two high school interns , according to Will Havemann , a schools spokesman .
At the end of the summer , the department will test the students on 80 discrete math skills , and an independent group will assess the program ’s effectiveness .
The department plans to open three School of One math programs in January , Havemann said .
Expansion beyond that and into other subjects is dependent on the pilot ’s success , he said .
But he noted that most schools would not need any major structural changes before they could run a School of One program .
John Chubb , a fellow at the Hoover Institution and an executive at EdisonLearning whose new book “ Liberating Learning ” lays out the vision for using technology to individualize instruction and lower the number of teachers , praised the School of One in an interview yesterday .
But Chubb , who co-authored the book with Stanford professor Terry Moe , cautioned that it ’s too early to decide whether the program is working .
“ There are lots and lots of people who are trying to figure out how to use technology to figure out its promise , which is to be able to meet the needs of students at their own pace , ” Chubb said .
“ This is a very promising effort to try to do just that .
How well it works out — who knows . ”
CORRECTION : This article originally said that Joel Rose “ headed ” the Edison Schools company .
In fact , he managed only Edison ’s after school division .
Rose joined the Department of Education in early 2007 .
From the ' insightful comments ' files :
Yesterday Microsoft put out an out of band release to deal with a killbit issue that will be discussed today at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas .
I caught up with Mike Reavey Director of the Microsoft Security Response Center ( in a hallway in Caesars Palace where Black Hat is being held ) to talk about how Microsoft deals with security research - and how he sees the whole kill bit issue .
I 've got a three minute slice of the full interview below , and I 've also pulled out what I see as the really noteworthy quotes as well .
" The killbit is still a very important security function when you 're dealing with ActiveX controls , " Reavey told me .
" The right way to fix software problems is in the code itself , so the same practices we have around secure development will help to mitigate threats beyond just using the killbit . "
That does make good sense , but wait ... Reavey has more insights to share .
" The other thing is you can't eliminate all possible vulnerabilities in all possible parts of software , " Reavey said .
" You can work to mitigate them . "
In the clip below , in addition to killbit , ( the latter part of the video ) , Reavey also explains how Microsoft works with security researchers ( including those that helped to disclose the killbit issue ) .
Canada has signed off on a free - trade agreement with Panama , which will immediately slash tariffs on a number of Canadian exports .
The trade deal was announced by Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Panamanian President Ricardo Martinelli at the presidential palace in Panama City .
Harper congratulated Martinelli on his recent electoral win and saluted his interest in breaking down trade barriers .
" You talked about the need , especially during these difficult times , to open doors to neighbours and allies , " said the prepared text of Harper 's speech .
" I could n't agree more .
We must remember that the prosperity generated around the world in the last part of the 20th century and the beginning of the 21st has been unprecedented in human history . "
" Removing protectionist barriers and easing trade restrictions helped to usher in this extraordinary era . "
Harper travelled to Panama City after leaving the North American Leaders ' Summit in Guadalajara , Mexico , on Monday afternoon .
The new agreement with Panama will cut more than 90 per cent of tariffs on various Canadian exports , including agricultural exports and high - tech machinery .
Any remaining tariffs will be eliminated within 10 years under the terms of the deal .
Beef producers will also benefit , as Panama will lift a six - year - old ban on Canadian beef as part of the deal , CTV's Roger Smith said Tuesday .
Canada sent $ 128 million worth of exports to Panama last year , a total that was 48 per cent more than the year before .
The Panamanian economy grew 9.2 per cent in 2008 , and the Central American country has seen its poverty levels drop in recent years .
Panama 's boom has been tied to successes its banking and shipping sectors , as well as services related to its transport sector .
Beyond reducing tariffs on export goods , the deal will help Canadian businesses gain greater access to the Panamanian market , Smith said .
The deal still has to be approved by Parliament .
Panama is the eighth country to reach a trade pact with Canada in the past year .
Canada has also reached trade deals with four European countries and Peru .
Similar deals with Colombia and Jordan have been signed , but not implemented .
In 2008 , Canada 's top goods exports to Panama were :
Vehicles , including diesel
Electrical and electronic equipment
Aerospace ( primarily flight simulators )
Pharmaceuticals
Pulses ( primarily lentils )
Frozen potato products
The top exports to Canada from Panama were :
Mineral fuels and oils
Fruits and nuts
Fish and seafood products
Spices
Coffee
Mineral ores ( primarily silver ores and concentrates )
In 2008 , Canada exported six times the amount of goods that it imported from Panama .
With files from The Canadian Press and a report from CTV's Roger Smith
Farmers told how to save huge amounts of water Environment
Left to right , Quincy Stivers , 7 , Maddie Marchand , 7 , and Aiden Stivers , 5 , take a break from hiking while on a tour of the Hetch Hetchy area with their parents and a group folks interested in Restoring Hetch Hetchy .
less Left to right , Quincy Stivers , 7 , Maddie Marchand , 7 , and Aiden Stivers , 5 , take a break from hiking while on a tour of the Hetch Hetchy area with their parents and a group folks interested in Restoring Hetch ... more Photo : Shelley Eades 2005 , Special To The Chronicle Photo : Shelley Eades 2005 , Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Farmers told how to save huge amounts of water 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
California farmers could save enough water each year to fill Yosemite 's Hetch Hetchy reservoir 16 times by using more efficient irrigation techniques , according to a study that is bound to be highly controversial among the state 's powerful agriculture interests .
The report , released today by the Pacific Institute , an Oakland water policy group , also recommends that the state rethink its historic water rights system and boost water prices .
Both measures , in theory , would spur agricultural users to use less water at a time when climate change , urban growth and ecological restoration are expected to further cramp water supplies .
" If we want to have a healthy agriculture economy , the only real option is to figure out how to produce more food with less water , " said Peter Gleick , president of the Pacific Institute and co-author of " Sustaining California Agriculture in an Uncertain Future . "
Farmers agree water supplies are stretched , but they disagree on the cause .
During recent " fish vs. farm " rallies in the Central Valley , protesters decried environmental rules that have cut water exports from the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta to protect endangered fish species .
What 's more , farmers say , they are doing their part .
For instance , California growers in 2000 produced double the volume of crops in 1967 with only 2 percent more water , according to Mike Wade , executive director of the California Farm Water Coalition .
Further , sweeping changes to water prices or supplies would simply hammer an industry reeling from a three - year drought , he added .
" You ca n't just wave a magic wand , " Wade said .
" There are consequences .
It affects things like ... what consumers can put their hands on at the grocery store . "
But maintaining the status quo is n't an option , Gleick argues .
" California agriculture is in trouble , " Gleick said .
" If we continue doing the things the way we 've always done them ... there 's not going to be enough water - that 's indisputable . "
California 's produce growers , cattle ranchers , and rice farmers use about 34 million acre-feet of water each year ( one acre - foot equals about 326,000 gallons ) , compared with 8 million acre - feet used in cities , according to Gleick .
In a 2003 study , Gleick found cities could save 2.3 million acre-feet - nearly 30 percent , compared with the 16 percent prescription for agriculture ( the report said farms could save 4.5 million to 6 million acre - feet a year ) .
Gleick 's recommendations for the agriculture sector range from relatively simple to positively thorny .
In addition to increasing drip rather than " flood " irrigation , Gleick proposed re-examining state water rights and renegotiating higher prices for long - term federal water contracts as ways to promote conservation .
The report also called for better monitoring of water supplies .
" There are a lot of districts that have no idea how much water they use , " said David Sunding , co-director of the Berkeley Water Center .
" That needs to change .
We 're past that point in California . "
Tuesday , July 28 , 2009 Synopses
I have two screenplays going into the various Canadian and Quebec funding agencies for rewrite funding this round , which means I 'm writing a whole bunch of auxiliary material for the applications : long synopses , short synopses , dramatis personae (! ) , " author 's vision . "
It 's odd to write an " author 's vision " of a screenplay ; I mean , read the screenplay , eh ?
And if the author 's vision does n't come through , then it 's not a very good one .
And anyway , who cares what the author 's vision is ; it's what comes through in the screenplay that counts .
On the other hand , this is for a rewrite funding application , so by definition the author 's vision is n't coming through perfectly if the thing needs a rewrite .
So the document helps the funders figure out what you are going for .
I hate writing synopses of a completed script .
Just hate it .
But I 've found two ways to make the process work for me .
The second is to write the synopsis for the rewrite , not the synopsis for the current draft .
I spent a couple of hours driving over the mountains to New York talking over a thriller synopsis with Lisa .
We talked over what made sense and what did n't make sense .
Some character motivations got changed .
Some scenes got dropped .
Some got changed .
One may get added .
( There 's really nothing like a long drive for working on screenwriting stuff , I 've found .
We 've created a lot of our TV ideas in the car . )
I know it 's easier to write a synopsis by blitzing through the pages and writing down what you see .
That 's certainly faster .
But if you use every opportunity to come at your script from a different direction creatively , you 'll see room for improvement .
A synopsis can be a chance to strip your script back down to its story .
Often , problems that were n't apparent when you 're looking at the pages become obvious when you retell it as a story .
You realize that once scene does n't follow , or it 's framed wrong , or it needs to be completely switched around .
I wonder what we 'll do on the road to East Hampton ?
The first is to try to write the synopsis off the top of my head , without looking at the script .
This gives me a shorter , snappier , clearer synopsis .
It also tells me if the story is holding together .
If there are spots where I can't remember what comes next , then the plot is n't as strong as it could be .
I have two screenplays going into the various Canadian and Quebec funding agencies for rewrite funding this round , which means I 'm writing a whole bunch of auxiliary material for the applications : long synopses , short synopses , dramatis personae (! ) , " author 's vision . "
Labels : writing is rewriting 1 Comments : Back to Complications Ensue main blog page .
The Kyle and Jackie O radio show has been suspended indefinitely after last week 's lie detector stunt , with host Kyle Sandilands declaring he is unable to go on air .
There have been calls for 2 Day FM's Kyle and Jackie O breakfast show to be axed by the station 's owners , Austereo , since Wednesday when a 14 - year - old girl was strapped to a lie - detector and asked on air about her sexual history .
When her mother asked if she was sexually active the girl replied : " I 've already told you the story about this ... and do n't look at me and smile because it 's not funny . "
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- I 've always thought that the guys running Goldman Sachs were really smart , not only about making money , but also about projecting a classy image to the world outside of Wall Street .
Clearly , I overestimated them .
If there was ever a firm with the motivation -- and the money -- to be gracious to the U.S. taxpayers who kept it alive when the financial markets were imploding , it 's Goldman .
It had a chance to look good and do good for taxpayers and itself and Wall Street for a relative pittance -- and has blown it .
Horribly .
As you have probably noticed , Goldman is getting attacked for posting record profits and setting aside a record amount for employee compensation about three seconds after it repaid its $ 10 billion of loans from the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Repaying those loans freed Goldman from pay restrictions on its top honchos , who seem headed for record or near - record bonuses unless things go badly for the firm in the second half of the year .
What you probably do n't know is that Goldman , flush with cash and profits , is squabbling with the Treasury about how much it should pay taxpayers to buy back the stock purchase warrants it gave the government as part of the TARP deal .
Talk about tacky .
Had Goldman retained something it was once reputed to have -- a sense of short - term sacrifice in return for long - term profit -- it would have agreed to pay the government generously for the warrants .
It could have announced that on Tuesday , along with its profits , and looked like a decent , concerned corporate citizen instead of Greedhead Central .
The warrants are very valuable , especially with the recent sharp run-up in Goldman 's stock price .
The warrants carry the right ( but not the obligation ) to buy 12.2 million Goldman ( GS , Fortune 500 ) shares at $ 122.90 each .
Goldman 's closing price of $ 156.84 yesterday put the warrants " in the money " by a bit over $ 400 million .
( That 's the $ 33.94 difference between $ 156.84 and $ 122.90 , multiplied by 12.2 million . )
Given that the warrants still have more than nine years to run , they 're clearly worth more than $ 400 million , because its owner has years of upside .
However , because there 's no existing market for such long Goldman warrants , their value is in the eye of the beholder ( and the pricing modeler ) .
Alas , no one would tell me what the government is asking for the warrants or what Goldman is offering for them .
" We are in discussions with the Treasury on the buyback of the warrant , " said Goldman spokesman Lucas VanPraag .
" The purchase price has yet to be determined ....
We believe that taxpayers should get a decent return , and we hope that our discussions with the Treasury will do just that . "
The Treasury declined comment .
My estimate -- okay , my SWAG ( for scientific wild - assed guess ) -- is that the Treasury is asking for $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion and Goldman is offering $ 500 million or so .
Under the law , Goldman , like other early TARP repayers , has the right to force the Treasury to sell back the warrants after a lengthy set of price arbitrations .
When I say that taxpayers kept Goldman alive , I 'm not talking about the $ 10 billion of TARP money or the $ 12.9 billion of AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) bailout money that Goldman got .
The $ 10 billion was nice , but not necessarily essential to Goldman 's survival , and Goldman says it was holding enough assets and collateral to get all or almost all of the $ 12.9 billion had the government not bailed out AIG .
Rather , I 'm talking about the way that U.S. and foreign governments -- in other words , taxpayers -- saved the world 's financial system , saving Goldman in the process .
Had many of the world 's biggest institutions collapsed , which would have happened without taxpayer aid , Goldman would have been wiped out because the firms that owed it money would n't have been able to meet their obligations .
I 'm also talking about the Federal Reserve Board moving with lightning speed last fall to allow Goldman to become a bank holding company .
By giving Goldman access to vast amounts of money it was making available to bank companies , the Fed ended panicky demands from Goldman customers that the firm immediately return the cash and securities it was holding for them .
That was the equivalent of a run on the bank , which no institution can survive .
Stopping it saved Goldman .
Now this is how Goldman shows its gratitude .
It could have shelled out a few extra bucks and done the right thing for taxpayers ( and ultimately for itself ) by exercising good business judgment and looking generous .
Instead , it 's behaving in a way that brings to mind one of my favorite Biblical verses , Deuteronomy 32:15 : " So Jeshurun waxed fat and kicked ... and spurned the Rock of his salvation . "
In these ultra-political days , filled with economic pain for so many Americans , that 's not only the wrong way to act , it 's foolish .
A word I never thought I 'd associate with Goldman .
With reporting by Mina Kimes
Report on young people 's media habits written for investment bank by teenage intern causes huge interest in the City
A research note written by a 15 - year - old Morgan Stanley intern that described his friends ' media habits has generated a flurry of interest from media executives and investors .
The US investment bank 's European media analysts asked Matthew Robson , an intern from a London school , to write a report on teenagers ' likes and dislikes , which made the Financial Times ' front page today .
His report , that dismissed Twitter and described online advertising as pointless , proved to be " one of the clearest and most thought - provoking insights we have seen – so we published it " , said Edward Hill - Wood , executive director of Morgan Stanley 's European media team .
" We 've had dozens and dozens of fund managers , and several CEOs , e-mailing and calling all day . "
He said the note had generated five or six times more responses than the team 's usual research .
His colleague , Julien Rossi , added : " It 's an interesting starting point for debate . "
The rapid surge of interest in social networking and messaging sites has prompted speculation that sites such as Twitter or Facebook could be taken over .
But Robson 's report , which was sent to Morgan Stanley 's clients as a research note last Friday , suggested that such a move could be folly .
He said teenagers were using more and more media , but they were unwilling to pay for it .
" Teenagers do not use Twitter , " he wrote .
" Most have signed up to the service , but then just leave it as they realise that they are not going to update it ( mostly because texting Twitter uses up credit , and they would rather text friends with that credit ) .
They realise that no one is viewing their profile , so their tweets are pointless . "
He warned that traditional media – television , radio and newspapers – are losing ground .
No teenager Robson knew reads a newspaper regularly since most " cannot be bothered to read pages and pages of text while they could watch the news summarised on the internet or on TV " .
The only newspapers that are read are the cheaper tabloids and freesheets .
His peers are also put off by intrusive advertising so they prefer listening to advert - free music on websites such as Last. fm to traditional radio .
Teens see adverts on websites - pop ups , banner ads - as " extremely annoying and pointless , " Robson said .
However , " most teenagers enjoy and support viral marketing , as often it creates humorous and interesting content " .
He stressed that his peers were " very reluctant " to pay for music and most had never bought a CD , with a large majority downloading songs illegally from filesharing sites .
Money and time are instead devoted to cinema , concerts and video game consoles .
Downloading films off the internet is not popular as the films are usually bad quality and have to be watched on a small computer screen and there is a risk of viruses , Robson said .
Game consoles like Wii , which are now able to connect to the internet and offer free voice chat between users , have emerged as a more popular choice for chatting with friends than the phone .
His report came as media moguls gathered at the Allen & Co conference in Sun Valley , Idaho .
This annual event is a chance for the likes of Rupert Murdoch , Steve Jobs and Bill Gates to discuss the latest business and technology issues in a relaxed atmosphere .
When interviewed at the event , Murdoch appeared to rule out making a bid for the micro- blogging site Twitter .
Asked if he was considering buying Twitter , Murdoch said , " No . " Asked about selling MySpace , he replied , " Hell no . "
For those familiar with my posts , last year we moved into a trailer that was mold infested .
However , it was under the trailer and we did n't see evidence of it anywhere in the home -- but it was also in the air conditioning ducts where they had small holes underneath the home .
The entire family became extremely ill for months , and we took the children to some of the best medical facilities in the area and no one had a reasonable diagnosis .
Finally , one bright neurologist asked if there was mold in the home and stated it could be the cause of the debilitating headaches the children were experiencing , and the immense fatigue my sister and I were constantly battling .
We spent hundreds of dollars in gas money taking the children as far as 75 miles from home to Scottish Rite Children 's Hospital , Without doubt or question , they are one of the best in the world but sadly , they do n't have the capacity to test for mold poisoning .
The moment the neurologist mentioned mold as a possibility , I crawled under the trailer , and to my surprise , it was everywhere and appeared to be " Black Mold , " one of the most dangerous varieties .
We moved within days and it cost us almost everything we had .
We obtained petri dishes to have the mold tested to find out what the best treatment was .
However , our landlord , when inspecting the house , saw the petri dishes , the last item left in the refrigerator , and refused us further entry into the residence .
He thought we were attempting to sue , when in fact , the company in Arizona that does these tests does not support litigation as several do -- but suggests the best method of treatment for the precise strain of mold .
Our interest was the health of the children .
who were suffering immensely , and we also needed to get better so we could properly care for both of them .
In spite of them missing so much school , the 11 year old made the honor roll , and his 13 year old sister only missed it by one C .
In spite of their great grades , the school referred us to truancy court because they missed too many days of school , and when you live in a mold infested house , recovery does n't occur the day you move out .
It takes time , and now both children are healthy again , but what my sister went through in court revealed aspects of " No Child Left Behind " that interferes with a parents ability to take care of their own children .
We were bluntly told that we could not determine whether the children were sick ; we had to send them to school , and the school nurse would decide if they were ill .
When a child is up all night vomiting and crying because of a debilitating headache , I believe it 's cruel and unusual punishment to send them to school the next day .
The 11 year old vomited several times on the bus on his way to school .
Did they send him home ?
Hell No !
They gave him clean clothes and made him stay in school .
I imagine you 're asking yourself why a school would act in such a horrendous manner .
From the court appointed attorney , as well as a private attorney , that sold us out .
While I was absent from the courtroom , he coerced my sister to plead guilty , and she was made to sign a stack of forms , the impact of this signing which was never disclosed in court .
The public Defender advised her against pleading guilty .
However , one of the " good old boys " of the county convinced her to make a guilty plea against my advice while I was removed from the courtroom .
Even though I am the head of the household , my sister has sole custody of the children , so I was n't allowed to say anything during the actual hearing even though I was served a subpoena to the hearing .
What we learned is that the schools are funded by how many days the child is actually is in school , so the court in our county did n't give a damn about their grades - only their attendance !
They also imposed a court order that each child had to maintain an A/ B grade average , and since the 11 year old is learning disabled , I consider that to be an impossibility .
I believe the court is attempting to maneuver itself so they can take away my sister 's children , even though they are well taken care of and are happy children .
Prior to these children and my sister moving into my home , neither of them had good grades in school .
The year before last , in a different county , my niece made the honor roll for the first time in her life !
If she would n't have been ill the past school year , she would have made it again .
I believe it 's unconstitutional to state that a parent cannot keep their child home when they are sick .
To complicate matters , the move we made from the mold infested home broke us financially .
My truck is broke down , and doctor appointments are extremely hard to make to provide the school with an excuse for any illness they might incur -- thus giving the court the right to punish my sister -- who is disabled and has several health issues of her own .
We were n't the only people hauled before this court .
For the most part , those I interviewed had " special needs children " and one family had a son who was recovering from a serious accident .
Since when does n't a parent or guardian have the right to determine when their child is ill ???
When a school district places money above a child 's health and orders that they go to school when they are sick I consider this to be a travesty of the law and absolutely unconstitutional !
Furthermore , the 11 year old is learning disabled , yet somehow he made the honor roll in 4th grade when he can barely count to 21 when attempting to add up cards .
He reads on what I believe is a second or third grade level , yet he was moved on to the 5th grade .
I have no doubt that the school cheated on his grades , thus making sure that they received the funding for his miraculous " honor roll " performance last year , which we know is a lie !
We are pressing to have him tested again , but the school will hear nothing of this and maintain that he is ready for the fifth grade .
It 's total B.S. , and anyone that sees him struggle to read and perform mundane math tasks would instantly be aware that the school engaged in fraud as to his grade performance .
We believe that our federal civil rights have been violated and that " No Child Left Behind " is wholly unconstitutional when money is a greater factor in a child 's development rather than their actual performance and health .
As always in this country , money trumps parents rights and common sense .
If and when I can figure out how to get transportation to the county law library , I will be filing a federal civil rights action against No Child Left Behind and the atrocious manner in which my sister was treated in court .
I do worry that this post will result in a contempt of court citation against me for criticizing their system , But it 's my belief this law is unconstitutional , and as long as some semblance of freedom of speech remains in this country , I will voice my opinion and damn the consequences !
If either child is up sick all night , which I do n't expect this year unless it 's the flu or another ailment - we will keep them out of school , and we refuse to have the court interfere with raising these children .
Their remarkable grades since moving into my home prove that we are doing the right thing , and until I acknowledge that our country has turned into a communist or fascist regime - we will attempt to hold on to our constitutional right to raise these children as we see fit , not so the school can get more money when a real illness strikes our home .
The attorney did argue that the grades of both children made the hearing somewhat ridiculous , but nevertheless , my sister and the children are on six months of what is essentially probation , and to this day , I believe it 's a travesty of the law and what we attended was nothing less than a " Kangaroo Court " that valued money more than a child 's health !
It 's time that we as a nation do away with No Child Left behind .
The law is fundamentally unconstitutional and has driven many new teachers away from becoming teachers who changed their majors because of the rigors that this program has on the academic world in our country .
Please read about ESU , one of the most prestigious teaching colleges in the nation which I covered in this article :
" No Child Left Behind - Posted on RAW "
William Cormier
NEW YORK ( AP ) 
A Transportation Security Officer and a luggage handler have been arrested on charges they stole items from passenger luggage at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport .
The pair were awaiting arraignment Tuesday in Queens Criminal Court on grand larceny and possession of stolen property charges .
Port Authority police , TSA investigators and other agencies assisted in a six - month investigation after authorities received complaints that passengers were missing items from their luggage .
Among the items stolen were a laptop computer and a cellphone .
TSA officials say their employee was placed on unpaid leave pending resolution of the charges .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
IPv6 took more than two decades to upgrade from an existing internet standard that drove traffic of Trillions of Terabytes of Data every year .
After , IPv4 , IPv5 was a literal Realtime protocol which was not practical to implement , hence was a failure , never came out of paper .
We had high hopes for a Internet standard that emerges after a complete decade of development life cycle .
It never came upto the Expectations
IPv6 the so called “ next - generation ” Internet protocol is n’t keeping too many U.S. CIOs and network managers up worrying at night .
But the story is two folded with an Irony .
IPv6 Irony
IPv6 was primarily designed to encounter two problems taking the third point into consideration :
1. Meet growing IP address requirements .
2. Provide Inherent Proven Security to make IP communications more secure .
3. Easy Migration / Adoption while doing 1 and 2 .
No doubt , IPv6 addressed the first issue very well by upgrading address space from 32 bits to 128 bits .
Enough addresses to assign unique IP to every sand grain in the Thar Desert , fair enough for the next few decades .
But what About Security ?
Network security is integrated into the design of the IP v6 architecture .
Internet Protocol Security ( IPsec ) was originally developed for IPv6 , but found widespread optional deployment first in IPv4 .
The IPv6 specifications mandate IPsec implementation as a fundamental interoperability requirement .
But despite this promise , IPv6 is n’t as secure as it was intended or pretneded to be .
There are lots of Holes that are still left un-plugged at this moment when Industry is already mandate on migrating to it .
Experts say that most U.S. organizations have hidden IP v6 traffic running across their networks , and that few network managers are equipped to see , manage or block it .
Increasingly , this rogue IP v6 traffic includes attacks such as botnet command and controls .
Hackers are taking advantage of this uncertain time , as IPv6 begins to find its way into networks but is not yet fully deployed .
Ironically , one of the benefits of IP v6 was supposed to be greater built - in security .
But in this interim period before widespread IP v6 deployment , any network that has n’t fully and completely made the shift to IP v6 may still be transporting IP v6 traffic via a tunnel in IP v4 traffic .
That would be fine in a world where we ’re all on the same team and just want a way for our networks to all get along .
But in reality , malware creators see those tunnels as a way in or out of your network .
The Solution ?
The Answer is either to block IP v6 traffic altogether or to upgrade your firewalls so that they can see inside those tunnels .
3rd point ( Adoption / Migration ) brought another pathetic Irony .
It ’s not as easy as it sounds to migrate and inter -operate IP v4 with IP v6 while adhering to reliable security .
Adoption Challenges
IPv6 has had enough challenges with adoption already .
Even though the need has very clear for years , the issue just has n’t felt very urgent .
The biggest reason for upgrading is that we ’re getting closer and closer to running out of IP v4 addresses , but it seems like we will actually have to go to zero before people will act .
Coincidentally , we are entering an “ awkward ” phase for networks , the transitional period between the old and new protocols .
They will have to coexist for years , he points out , and service providers will be challenged to find ways to reduce the impact of any changes on the end users .
The security holes that the transition leaves open , but obviously they ’re there , and the bad guys are already using those channels for their own ends .
It ’s pretty clear that the sooner we can make the transition , the better off we ’ll all be , but there ’s no sign that it will be a quick or a smooth transition .
“ If you are n’t monitoring your network for IP v6 traffic , the IP v6 pathway can be used as an avenue of attack , ” says Tim LeMaster , director of systems engineering for Juniper ’s federal group .
“ What network managers do n’t understand is that they can have a user running IP v6 on a host and someone could be sending malicious traffic to that host without them knowing it . ”
Most U.S. network managers are blind to rogue IP v6 traffic because they do n’t have IP v6 - aware firewalls , intrusion detection systems or network management tools .
Also , IP v6 traffic is being tunneled over IP v4 connections and appears to be regular IP v4 packets unless an organization has deployed security mechanisms that can inspect tunneled traffic .
( See also : 5 of the biggest IPv6 - based threats facing CIOs . )
“ At least half of U.S. CIOs have IP v6 on their networks that they do n’t know about , but the hackers do , ” says Yanick Pouffary , technology director for the North American IPv6 Task Force and an HP Distinguished Technologist .
“ You ca n’t ignore IPv6 .
You need to take the minimum steps to secure your perimeter .
You need firewalls that understand IP v4 and IPv6 .
You need network management tools that understand IP v4 and IPv6 .
Although they ’re not thinking about IP v6 , for most of the Fortune 500 , it ’s in their networks anyways , ” agrees Dave West , director of systems engineering for Cisco ’s public sector group .
“ You may not see IP v6 today as a business driver .
But like it or not , you are running IP v6 in your network . ”
Though available for a decade , IPv6 has been slow to catch on in the United States and rest of the world .
Now that unallocated IP v4 addresses are expected to run out in 2011 , the pressure is on U.S. carriers and corporations to deploy IP v6 in the next few years .
IPv6 - based threats are not well understood , but they are becoming more prominent .
For example , the issue of IPv6 - based attacks was raised at a June meeting of the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee , a high - level industry group that advises the White House about cybersecurity .
“ We are seeing quite a bit of command and control traffic that is IPv6 , ” says Jason Schiller , senior Internet network engineer , global IP network engineering for the public IP network at Verizon Business .
“ Hackers are trying to leverage IP v6 to fly under the radar .
We ’re seeing a lot of bot networks where the command and control is under IP v6 .
We ’re also seeing illegal file sharing that leverages IP v6 for peer - to - peer communications . ”
Rogue IP v6 traffic is an emerging threat for network managers .
The biggest risk is for organizations that have decided to delay IP v6 deployment because they do n’t see a business driver for the upgrade – a category that includes most U.S. corporations .
U.S. federal agencies are in a better position to protect themselves against IPv6 - based threats because they have enabled IP v6 across their backbone networks .
Federal agencies are moving ahead with plans to integrate IPv6 into their enterprise architectures and capital investments .
Rogue IP v6 traffic “ is a very real threat , ” says Sheila Frankel , a computer scientist in the Computer Security Division of the National Institutes of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) .
“ People can have IP v6 running on their networks and not know it .
Computers and other devices can ship with IP v6 turned on .
Ideally , if you ’re not prepared to protect against IP v6 , it should be turned off for all the devices on your network .
You need to be prepared to block it at your perimeter .
You want to block it coming in and going out , ” Frankel says .
“ You should be blocking not only pure IP v6 traffic but also IPv6 traffic tunneled inside of other traffic , ” Frankel says .
“ Network operators have to be aware of the ways IPv6 would normally be tunneled in IP v4 traffic and in the different types of transition mechanisms , and they have to become aware of the rules necessary to block these various classes of traffic . ”
Frankel recommends that organizations that do n’t want to run IP v6 in production mode buy firewalls and intrusion - prevention systems that can block both native and tunneled IP v6 traffic .
Where does rogue IP v6 traffic come from ?
IPv6 traffic gets on your network because many operating systems –including Microsoft Vista , Windows Server 2008 , Mac OS X , Linux and Solaris — ship with IP v6 enabled by default .
Network managers have to disable IP v6 on every device that they install on their networks or these devices are able to receive and send IP v6 traffic .
“ We ’re probably talking about 300 million systems that have IP v6 enabled by default , ” estimates Joe Klein , director of IPv6 Security at Command Information , an IP v6 consultancy .
“ We see this as a big risk . ”
Experts say it ’s likely that network managers will forget to change the IP v6 default settings on some desktop , server or mobile devices on their networks .
At the same time , most organizations have IPv4 - based firewalls and network management tools that do n’t automatically block IP v6 traffic coming into their networks .
“ The most common IPv6 - based attacks that we ’re seeing right now are when you have devices on the edge of your network that are dual stack , which means they ’re running IP v4 and IPv6 .
If you only have an IP v4 firewall , you can have IP v6 running between you and the attacker , ” Klein says .
“ The attacker is going through your firewall via IP v6 , which at that point is wide open . ”
Another common problem is IP v6 traffic tunneled over IP v4 using such techniques as Teredo , which is supported by Microsoft , or the alternative 6to4 and Intra -Site Automatic Tunnel Addressing Protocol ( ISATAP ) approaches .
“ The typical IP v4 security devices are not tuned to look for IP v6 tunnels , ” Klein says .
“ They offer very weak defense , which is kind of scary . ”
Klein says the only way network managers can discover IP v6 devices on their network is to run IPv6 .
Even then , it ’s extremely difficult to discover IP v6 tunnels .
“ You might be able to find the top three tunnels but not all the other sub- tunnels , ” Klein says .
“ You can tunnel IP v6 over HTTP over IPv4 .
How are you going to find that ? ”
To battle these threats , Command Information is offering software called Assure6 , which operates in conjunction with deep packet inspection systems to identify IP v6 traffic tunneled over IPv4 .
Similarly , the McAfee Network Security Platform offers full IPv6 and tunnel inspection .
Cisco and Juniper offer IPv6 - enabled routers , firewalls and other systems that allow network managers to set IPv6 - related security policies .
Klein says he gets one or two calls a month from organizations that have been attacked through rogue IP v6 traffic .
“ One of our honeypots that we have set up saw a botnet using an IPv6 - only attack , ” Klein says .
“ It was hiding itself as IP v4 through our router , and it was attacking and issuing command and controls to a botnet in the Far East . ”
The number of IP v6 attacks is small but growing , LeMaster says .
“ There are fewer people that have IP v6 enabled , so it ’s not as rich a target as IPv4 , ” LeMaster adds .
“ The majority of the vulnerabilities are over HTTP .
They ’re application related , where IPv6 is just the transport for those security concerns . ”
Frankel says IP v6 - based threats are common enough that every network manager needs a plan for mitigating them .
“ Nobody today will deny that they have to do something about viruses or about spam , ” Frankel adds .
“ It ’s fair to say that rogue IP v6 traffic is in this category of threats that ’s going to hit you if you ignore it . ”
To block or not to block IPv6
Experts disagree about whether it ’s best for network managers to block IP v6 traffic or to enable IP v6 traffic for monitoring purposes .
Most say that if an organization is n’t prepared to support IP v6 , it should block IP v6 traffic coming into and leaving its network using IPv6 - enabled routers , firewalls , intrusion - prevention systems and intrusion - detection systems .
Network managers “ should be creating policies … that look for IP v6 traffic and if they see it to drop that packet , ” LeMaster says .
“ Within their security incident manager solution they need to look at the profiles of traffic coming into their network .
They need that visibility .
If they see IP v6 traffic , they need to find out what host it ’s coming from or going to , and turn that traffic off . ”
But these experts admit that blocking IP v6 traffic is a temporary solution because a growing number of your customers and business partners will be supporting IPv6 .
“ If you ’re not prepared for IP v6 , then the prudent thing to do is not to allow it into your network , ” LeMaster says .
“ But you should n’t be blocking all IP v6 traffic for the next five years .
You should only block it until you have a policy and understand the threats . ”
Long term , the better solution is to start running IPv6 so you can gain visibility into your IP v6 traffic and experience with the new protocol , experts say .
“ We do n’t recommend that you block IP v6 traffic .
We are recommending that you do an audit and find out how many IP v6 devices and applications are on your network .
If you have IP v6 traffic on your network , then you ’ve got to plan , train and implement IPv6 , ” says Lisa Donnan , vice president of advanced technology solutions at Command Information .
Cisco recommends that its customers adopt the same security policies for IP v4 and IPv6 , and that these policies be implemented using a layered approach .
“ Configuration management , configuration control and policy are going to be pretty critical now as all of these IP v6 devices just show up on the network , ” West says .
“ Configuration management may be the largest threat we have around IPv6 . ”
Frankel says now is the time for corporations to start training staff in IPv6 and getting experience with IPv6 so they can protect themselves against IP v6 - based attacks .
“ Companies need to acquire a minimal level of expertise in IPv6 , which will help protect them against threats , ” Frankel says .
“ The other thing they should do is to take their outward - facing servers , those that are external to the corporation ’s firewalls , and enable IP v6 on them .
That way customers from Asia with IP v6 addresses will be able to reach these servers and their own people will acquire expertise in IP v6 .
This will be a first step in the process . ”
IPv6 is “ coming ” , The best way is to face it head on and to decide you ’re going to do it in the most secure manner possible .
Question still left unanswered is , “ Will IPv6 Ever be fully adopted ? ”
Or do we need IP v7 to address the issues ?
Here is a related video I found on InformIt.com discussing challenges on iP v6 security :
by Cisco Engineer , Eric Vyncke :
Download the video file
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
In a breakthrough that may make vehicle starting issues due to fouled plugs or inclement weather a thing of the past , engineers at Ford have reportedly teamed with scientists at Liverpool University to develop a laser beam ignition system to replace ye olde spark plug .
The researchers claim their technology is more efficient , more reliable , and it will enable vehicles to start easier in extreme temperatures and damp climates .
Unlike traditional spark plugs ( invented way back in 1839 by Edmond Berger ) , laser light may be split into multiple beams distributing ignition points within the cylinders – not just at the tip of the plug .
This not only aids combustion , it also lowers emissions during cold starts .
Researchers also point out that the lasers use less energy than their spark plug counterparts , eliminate wear items and wires ( fiber optics will carry the laser beam to the cylinders ) , and improve fuel burn by " watching " ignition from within the combustion chamber and sending messages back to the ECU to adjust fuel mixtures , timing , and ignition .
Ford is expected to introduce the technology in its top models within the next few years , and then make it more widely available .
Thanks to everyone for the tips !
[ Source : Telegraph UK | Image : New Line Cinema ]
It 's been less than a month since many feared the BitTorrent world would collapse due to a $ 7.8 m investment in The Pirate Bay .
Since then OpenBitTorrent has come along to largely take its place , backed up by PublicBT to spread the load .
Now comes Hidden Tracker , a brand new public tracker which hides itself using Tor .
There is cautious optimism that things in the BitTorrent world are looking more secure than ever before following the initially depressing news that The Pirate Bay will probably be sold off by August .
First we reported on OpenBitTorrent .
Would it become a Pirate Bay replacement ?
Turns it out does the tracking element rather well , already tracking all of the Old Pirate Bay ’s torrents .
But what if OpenBitTorrent goes up in smoke ?
Administrators of other torrent sites already considered that possibility when they came together to create PublicBT , a ‘ pirated ’ version of OpenBitTorrent .
The tracker is open to all , just like OpenBitTorrent .
So if The PirateBay closed tomorrow there are already two other sites available to do the tracking , but all good things come in threes .
The brand new Hidden Tracker has a homepage that looks very similar to those sported by the trackers above .
It is an open tracker , just like the other pair but this one has an added layer of security .
Most file - sharers will be at least aware of the Tor network and the fact that it provides anonymity .
Most BitTorrent users should also know by now never to use
Tor for file - sharing – it is painfully slow and actually ruins the network for other people .
However , Tor has a neat trick up its sleeve known as hidden services ‘ .
Tor is able to provide anonymity to servers by offering Tor clients or relays which run specially configured software .
In order to hide the IP address of a service ( in this case , a BitTorrent tracker ) , they are accessed via the special Tor .onion pseudo TLD ( top level domain ) .
The Tor network sees .onion and routes data to and from the hidden service , completely anonymously .
Hidden Tracker is operated as a Tor hidden service and ideally the user would install
Tor along with their regular torrent client in order to use it – it would be essential for correct processing of its announce hyperlink ;
http://z6gw6skubmo2pj43.onion:8080/announce
However , with a helping hand from the handy Tor2 Web service , it ’s possible to make a modification to the above URL and use Hidden Tracker even without Tor installed .
Simply replace .onion with .tor2web.com , like so ;
http://z6gw6skubmo2pj43.tor2web.com:8080/announce
The owners of Hidden Tracker say they want to make an open but secure public BitTorrent tracker for the enjoyment of everyone but find the legal attacks tiresome , hence hiding their tracker with Tor :
“ To protect the identities of the people and hosting service who run and maintain this tracker , we ’ve used a Tor hidden service to conceal the IP address ( es ) of the server (s ) that run the tracker .
We hope that this will help to increase the reliability of this tracker for everyone . ”
The website itself can be accessed via http://z6gw6skubmo2pj43.onion ( with Tor installed ) or via http://z6gw6skubmo2pj43.tor2web.com using the web .
All we need now is a few content - agnostic Imageshack - style sites where anyone can upload torrents and the replacement of The Pirate Bay will be more or less complete .
Completely painless , was n’t it ?
Update :
The admin of Hidden Tracker emailed to say that they had to change the announce URL of the tracker .
The article has been updated to reflect that .
Additionally , he tells us that as tor2web caches pages for longer than is desirable , it is better to use
Tor along with the .onion links on ‘ young ’ torrents .
by Ben Cohen
Rachel Maddow calls Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh and Michelle Malkin out for overt and shameless race baiting :
This type of nonsense must stop as it could have some pretty nasty consequences .
As millions of people lose their jobs , minorities are at a particular risk from violence because they are the first to get the blame , and the least able to defend themselves .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
While Rupert Murdoch epitomizes corporate greed and corruption , he must know that this invective is counter productive to his business in the long run .
No one wants to be responsible for a full blown fascist resurgence in America , and the way Fox News is going , they might just well be .
It 's time to reign in the attack dogs and quietly put them to sleep .
Hats off to Rachel Maddow for calling it like it is .
While the MN Supreme Court deliberates on Norm Coleman 's latest appeal , the Election Contest Court addressed and resolved the issue of disbursements ; the monetary reimbursement of court associated fees .
The legal process began shortly after the ECC declared Franken the victor with the first disbursement filing arriving on April 28th from the Franken campaign ; just 15 days after the court 's final judgment .
The Franken document totaled 394 pages with 384 pages of exhibits .
The first ten pages contained the body of the filing while the remaining 384 pages , of exhibits , were found within a gray three ring binder .
The digitization of the exhibit portion was just completed this morning by the Ramsey County Court Administration Office .
Prior to purchasing the first ten pages , and then later receiving the exhibits from a Ramsey County Court Administrator , no portion of this document could be publicly accessed without making a physical trip to the Ramsey County Court House .
The entire document has been converted to PDF for public consumption below with the highlights excerpted :
David L. Lillehaug , being duly sworn , on oath says that he is one of the attorneys for Contestee Al Franken ( " Contestee " ) in the above entitled action and certifies that he has investigated the costs and disbursements claimed herein , and that the following is a true statement of the taxable costs and disbursements incurred by Contestee ; and that each and every item thereof has actually and necessarily been paid or incurred in this action .
Documents supporting each of Contestees ' costs and disbursements are attached .
Statutory Costs $ 205.50 ( Minn. Stat . § 549.02 , subd .
1 ) Court Filing Fees $ 1,130.00 ( Minn. Stat. § 357.021 ) ( Tab A ) Deposition Transcripts of Testifying $ 7,315.30 Witnesses ( Minn. Stat. § 357.31 ) ( Tab B ) Written Deposition Transcripts $ 812.50 Entered Into Evidence ( Minn. Stat § 357.31 ) ( Tab C ) Deposition Transcripts Entered $ 3,200.70 Into Evidence ( Minn. Stat. § 357.31 ) ( Tab D ) Trial Transcripts $ 35,382.55 ( Abraham v , County of Hennepin , 622 N.W.2d 121 , 129 ) ( Minn. Ct. App. 2001 ) ( Tab E ) Trial Exhibits $ 26,576.38 ( Minn. Stat. §§ 357.31 and 357.315 ) ( Tab F ) Data Practice Requests / Subpoenas $ 59,078.89 ( Minn. Slat . § 357.31 ) ( Tab G ) Trial Technology & Equipment $ 6,031.23 ( Minn. Stat. § 549.04 ) ( Tab H ) Photocopying & Service of Trial Motions $ 2,152.51 ( Minn. Stat. § 549.04 ) ( Tab I ) Trial Subpoenas & Witness Fees ( Tab J ) $ 19,625.07 Total Costs and Disbursements $ 161,510.63 Dated : April 28 , 2009 Source : Contestee 's Bill of Costs and Disbursements via VoteForAmerica.net [ PDF ] [ Exhibits : 394 Pages , 12.7 MB , PDF ]
The list above contains the itemized cost for each subheading for which the Franken campaign is seeking reimbursements from the losing party ; in this case , the Coleman campaign .
It 's also pertinent to note that the Franken campaign did not provide a rational for why any item should be reimbursed ; they were simply presenting the ECC with a probable list of expenditures which they believe qualify for reimbursement .
On another note , the projector used during the ECC trial was actually provided by the Franken campaign .
The State of Minnesota does not provide a projector for use in their most prestigious court room ; this is absolutely astonishing to me .
I also found it humorous that the Franken campaign made a roughly $ 600 purchase of printing related goods from BestBuy ( on page 329 ) ; BestBuy was the 14th largest corporate supporter to Norm Coleman according to OpenSecrets.org for the period from 2007 - 2008 .
The Coleman campaign then responded to Franken 's list of applicable expenditures on May 8th by providing their rationale for why some of the listed items do not qualify for compensation .
The introduction and conclusion of their opposition is excerpted below with the accompanying PDF as published on the MNCourts website on May 21st :
I. Introduction Contestants Cullen Sheehan and Norm Coleman ( collectively , " Contestants " ) , by and through the undersigned counsel , hereby object to Contestee Al Franken 's ( " Contestee " ) Bill of Costs and Disbursements , notice of which Contestee served May 6 , 2009 .
Contestee has not provided sufficient detail and / or documentation from which to determine the basis of many of the costs he identifies and the purpose for which they were incurred .
Nor has he provided a sufficient explanation as to whether the costs claimed were necessary or reasonable , and it is his burden to do so .
Accordingly , this Court should disallow the taxation of costs and disbursements to the Contestants to the extent Contestee has inadequately described his costs or it deems them unnecessary or unreasonable .
... III .
CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons , Contestants respectfully request that this Court disallow Contestee 's costs and disbursements to the extent he has improperly classified them as " costs , " inadequately described them , or failed to justify them as necessary and reasonable .
Dated : May 8 , 2009 Source : Contestants Objections to Contestees Bill of Costs and Disbursements via MNCourts.gov [ PDF ]
Unsurprisingly , the Coleman campaign essentially argued that the Franken campaign did not adequately provide needed detail .
The brunt of their argument can be summarized with the following quote from the third page , " [t ] he burden is on the prevailing party [ Franken ] to show that its claimed costs are necessary and reasonable . "
The Coleman campaign also took issue with the expedited status of the many transcripts and witness filing fees that the Franken campaign incurred .
From a details point of view , the Coleman filing did not contain any attached exhibits or material evidence supporting any of their claims .
The Franken campaign responded on May 13th in 9 pages by addressing each of their claims and Coleman 's associated refutations .
The Coleman campaign did not refute each item as the Franken campaign noted $ 5,392 worth of requested disbursements lacking objections .
The introduction and conclusion of Franken 's response is excerpted below as posted on the MNCourts site on May 21st :
Contestee Al Franken ( " Contestee " ) respectfully submits that his costs should be awarded and in the full amount requested pursuant to Minn .
R. Civ. P. 54.04 .
Contestee has submitted a sworn affidavit and numerous invoices documenting costs and disbursements necessarily incurred , as required .
Contestants have submitted no affidavit in response .
Nor have they suggested that the total amount requested is unreasonable for a complex , seven - week , exhibit - intensive trial .
Instead , they raise a series of ill - founded objections , all of which should be rejected .
Contestee 's costs were reasonably incurred , necessary to the defense of Contestants ' lawsuit , and are fully recoverable under Rule 54 .
...
For all of these reasons , Contestee submits that the full amount itemized in the Bill of Costs and Disbursements should be taxed to Contestants .
The costs were reasonably incurred , necessary for the presentation of relevant and admissible evidence at trial , and should be awarded to Contestee as the prevailing party in this action pursuant to Rule 54.04 .
Dated : May 13 , 2009 Source : Contestees Response to Contestants Objections to Bill of Costs and Disbursements via MNCourts.gov [ PDF ]
The ECC issued their ruling today by awarding the Franken campaign roughly two - thirds of their requested disbursements .
The publicly available filing from the ECC is fairly terse and without details ; the entire document is quoted below :
You are hereby notified that a judgment has been entered in the above entitled matter Pursuant to The Findings of Fact , Conclusions of Law , and Order for Judgment , Judge Elizabeth A. Hayden , Judge Kurt J. Marben and Judge Denise D. Reilly dated April 13 , 2009 .
Judgment Information Entered Date : April 14 , 2009
Debtor(s ) : Cullen Sheehan ; Norm Coleman .
Creditor(s ) : At Franken Monetary Award :
Monetary Amount : $ 94,783.15
A true and correct copy of this notice has been served by mail upon the parties .
Please be advised that notices sent to attorneys are sent to the lead attorney only .
*** Pursuant to MSA 548.09 , Judgment shall be docketed upon the filing of an Affidavit of Identification of Judgment Debtor ***
Note : Costs and interest will accrue on any money judgment amounts from the date of entry until the judgment is satisfied in full .
Dated : June 10 , 2009 Source : Notice of Entry of Judgment Taxation of Costs via MNCourts.gov [ PDF ]
The ECC order appears to retroactively take effect on April 14th and requires the Coleman campaign to pay $ 94,783.15 in reimbursements to the Franken campaign .
I am unsure as to when the " date of entry " officially begins ; the interest rate on any delinquent payments is also not explicitly given .
The ECC may have also provided additional documentation that has not yet been made available .
A decision from the MN Supreme Court is still pending , but according to John Kostouros the Director of Communications for the Judicial Branch , their opinion " will be released during normal business hours ( 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. , Monday - Friday ) . "
Until this unknown date occurs , political posturing will continue as several outside groups have filed additional lawsuits relating to the MN Senate Election .
While the outcome rests solely in the hands of the MN Supreme Court , the battle for public opinion never ends .
I 'll try to detail these auxiliary lawsuits later next week , after completing the necessary research .
Un intéressant concept et une exécution très réussie sur un design de Tobias Fränzel .
En cas de besoin , cette porte peut se transformer en une table de ping - pong .
Plus de visuels dans la suite .
Economist Paul Krugman is back at it , whining for more stimulus .
If you can stomach it , please consider What did n’t the vice president know ?
But never mind the hoocoodanodes and ayatollahyaseaux .
What ’s important now is that we do n’t compound the understimulus mistake by adopting what Biden seems to be proposing — namely , a wait and see approach .
Fiscal stimulus takes time .
If we wait to see whether round one did the trick , round two wo n’t have much chance of doing a lot of good before late 2010 or beyond .
I see the following scenario : a weak stimulus plan , perhaps even weaker than what we ’re talking about now , is crafted to win those extra GOP votes .
The plan limits the rise in unemployment , but things are still pretty bad , with the rate peaking at something like 9 percent and coming down only slowly .
And then Mitch McConnell says “ See , government spending does n’t work . ”
Let ’s hope I ’ve got this wrong .
Krugman Wrong Again
Fiscal stimulus takes time .
now
in theory
Stimulus Plans Raise National Debt For Dubious Benefits Now
Ludwig von Mises on the Endgame
Ludwig von Mises describes the endgame brought on by reckless expansion of credit : " There is no means of avoiding the final collapse of a boom brought about by credit ( debt ) expansion .
The alternative is only whether the crisis should come sooner as the result of a voluntary abandonment of further credit ( debt ) expansion , or later as a final and total catastrophe of the currency system involved . "
The FED should have been listening to Mises all along .
Instead they have put their faith in " productivity miracles " , " new paradigms " , and their own hubris .
Those actions have accomplished nothing other than delay the eventual day of reckoning .
No Amount of Stimulus Will Work
Study separates russian flat tax myth and fact
Proponents of a flat rate income tax often point to Russia 's 2001 switch to a 13 percent flat tax as nothing short of an economic miracle .
The new tax policy slashed taxes for higher - income Russians who previously paid rates of 20 and 30 percent .
Despite the savings to taxpayers , real tax revenues reaped by the government increased by 25 percent in the year after the reform .
The windfall , flat tax advocates say , happened because a simpler , fairer tax system leads to better compliance , and because lower taxes spur productivity .
That assessment is half right , according to a study published this month in the Journal or Political Economy .
The study by economists Yuriy Gorodnichenko ( University of California , Berkeley ) , Jorge Martinez - Vazquez and Klara Sabirianova Peter ( both of Georgia State University ) looked at household level data to see how tax reform influenced tax evasion and real income .
The study found that tax evasion decreased under the flat tax , but the reform did little to increase real income for taxpayers .
The lesson ?
Where underreporting of income is widespread , a flat tax can produce a revenue increase , but do n't expect massive economic productivity gains .
Tax evasion by nature is tough to quantify .
To get an estimate of the extent to which Russians hide income from the tax collector , the researchers used what they call the " consumption - income gap . "
They gathered data from household surveys conducted in 1998 and from 2000 to 2004 by the University of North Carolina .
The surveys asked respondents to catalog their monthly spending on everything from food to entertainment .
The data from these surveys show that Russians generally spend 30 percent more than they report receiving in income .
It 's unlikely that households are getting the extra buying power by dipping into savings accounts , because most of those surveyed had little or no savings .
So the gap between household consumption and reported income is largely explained by an underreporting of income .
Looking at the survey data over time , the researchers found that the consumption - income gap shrank substantially in the years after the tax reform .
In other words , the amount of income Russians reported got closer to the amount they spent .
This effect was strongest for households who had been in the highest tax brackets before the reform .
That 's a good indication that the flat tax was directly responsible for decreasing tax evasion in Russia .
The other implication in these data is that the flat tax seems to have done little to increase real income for taxpayers .
If real income had increased substantially , one would expect consumption to increase as well .
That was n't the case .
Taxpayers whose tax rates were cut increased their consumption net of windfall gains by less than 4 percent .
" The results of this paper have several important policy implications , " the authors write .
" The adoption of a flat rate income tax is not expected to lead to significant increases in tax revenues because the productivity response is shown to be fairly small .
However , if the economy is plagued by ubiquitous tax evasion , as was the case in Russia , the flat rate income tax reform can lead to substantial revenue gains via increases in voluntary compliance . "
China 's CBHD vendors are expected to face stiff domestic competition from Blu - Ray discs after Philips ' launch of a $ 293 BD player in China , Digitimes reports .
Despite initial optimism , the Chinese format , distributed by Shinco and TCL , has n't been meeting with strong adoption .
China Blue High Definition , China 's home - grown Blu - Ray alternative , harnesses technology adapted from HD - DVD to produce high definition discs at lower cost .
CBHD discs can retail in China for as little as $ 7.50 , compared to upwards of $ 30 for Blu - Ray discs .
Players are also cheaper , but only one major Hollywood studio , Warner Brothers , has agreed to license movies to the new format .
With a new , cheaper BD player launching in China , it seems increasingly likely that CBHD will follow the same course as HD - DVD , and fail to attain relevance even inside China .
When CBHD was announced last year , it was already clear it faced an uphill battle .
It 's hard to avoid expressing some sympathy for the plucky Chinese format , but equally hard to envision a successful future for it .
The abortionist , George Tiller , was shot to death ... in a Wichita church this morning .
It was the culmination of a campaign of domestic terrorism against him :
Protesters blockaded Tiller 's clinic during Operation Rescue 's " Summer of Mercy " protests during the summer of 1991 , and Tiller was shot by Rachelle Shannon at his clinic in 1993 .
Tiller was wounded in both arms , and Shannon remains in prison for the shooting ...
Tiller 's clinic was severely vandalized earlier this month .
According to the Associated Press , his lawyer said wires to security cameras and outdoor lights were cut and that the vandals also cut through the roof and plugged the buildings ' downspouts .
Rain poured through the roof and caused thousands of dollars of damage in the clinic .
Tiller reportedly asked the FBI to investigate the incident .
Christianist terrorism is no more defensible than Islamist terrorism .
And there is a Bill O'Reilly connection :
On Friday , November 3 , 2006 , Bill O'Reilly featured an exclusive segment on his show , The O'Reilly Factor , saying that he has an " inside source " with official clinic documentation indicating that George Tiller performs late - term abortions to alleviate " temporary depression " in the pregnant woman .
According to reporting data provided to the Kansas Board of Healing Arts for the year 1998 , all of the post-viable partial - birth ( dilation and extraction ) abortion procedures performed in Kansas during that year were performed because " the attending physician believe [d ] that continuing the pregnancy [ would ] constitute a substantial and irreversible impairment of the patient 's mental function . "
Tiller responded to O'Reilly 's statements by demanding an investigation into the " inside source " through which the information was leaked , suggesting that Phill Kline , then the Kansas Attorney General , was responsible .
Kline denied the charge .
O'Reilly calls
Tiller the " so - called baby killer " below .
He calls his outfit a " death - mill , which is exactly what it is " :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The Sartorialist is a unique fashion blog that highlights people ’s hot styles on the street .
I ’m pretty sure there ’s very little overlap with its readers and FlowingData ’s , but maybe I ’m wrong .
The above infographic shows how you can get shot by the Sartorialist .
I ’m all over it .
[ Thanks , @ MacDivaONA ]
Following on from Duncan 's work on Building plugins as Haskell shared libs , I 've been working on supporting the same functionality on Windows .
The end goal is to have a rts.dll , libHsBase.dll and myPlugin.dll and be able to write things like Excel plugins in Haskell without needing to statically link the whole runtime system and set of libraries into each one .
Windows uses the Portable Executable ( PE ) Format , so the hoops that must be jumped through are different than those for Linux and Mac OS X. Linux uses ELF for its object format , and Mac OS X uses Mach - O .
Tool chain programs such as linkers and object file views are also different .
One of immediate issues is to deal with mutually recursive imports between Haskell libraries and the GHC Run Time System ( RTS ) .
Clearly , the code for a Haskell library will call the RTS to perform tasks such as allocating memory , throwing exceptions , forking threads and so on .
However , the runtime system also calls back on the base library .
For example , here is a function from the RTS which helps to create parallel threads :
void createSparkThread ( Capability * cap ) { StgTSO *tso ; tso = createIOThread ( cap , RtsFlags.GcFlags.initialStkSize , &base_GHCziConc_runSparks_closure ) ; postEvent ( cap , EVENT_CREATE_SPARK_THREAD , 0 , tso->id ) ; appendToRunQueue ( cap , tso ) ; }
The variable base_GHCziConc_runSparks_closure is the name of a function closure in the GHC .
Conc library which we wo n't have code for when we 're linking the RTS .
One of the quirks of Windows is the need to generate so called " import libraries " .
These contain stub code that is used to call a function in a DLL .
For example , if code in module main .
o wants to call a function fun in a library base.dll , the picture looks something like this :
## in main . o ##################### ( linked into main.exe ) main : call fun .... call dword ptr [ __imp_fun ] .... ## in base.lib ###################### ( linked into main.exe ) fun : jmp dword ptr [ __imp_fun ] __imp_fun : .data .dword fun ## in base.dll ###################### fun : .. actual code for fun
In Windows , all calls to a function in a DLL go via the Imported function Address Table ( IAT ) .
This is a table of pointers , and in the example above there is one entry named __imp_fun .
There are two ways to use this table .
The first way is illustrated by the first call to fun in main .o .
This call targets stub code that looks up the pointer from the table and then jumps to it .
The second way is to lookup the pointer and jump to it directly , but to do this we need to know that the function is in an external DLL at code generation time .
A call fun instruction uses a PC relative offset , and is physically shorter than a call dword ptr [ ] instruction , so it 's not practical to change one to the other at link time .
The file base.lib is the " import library " , which contains the call stub and the IAT .
Import libraries need to be generated independently from the main compiling and linking process , using Windows specific tools .
The import library for a particular dll is then linked into every executable ( or other dll ) that uses it .
Anyway , I 've spent the last few days wading through MSDN and the GHC build system , and I think I 've cataloged at least all the major hoops .
I 'll let you know how the jumping goes next post .
People noticed the plastic bags in the middle of North Salina Street that weary way they discover another obligation on a busy day .
More garbage to pick up on the corner of a street with lots of garbage and sad old brick buildings : a strip club , an antique store and a barbershop .
There were 14 murky plastic bags near Wolf and North Salina streets May 29 , a Friday .
The trail started at the sewer grate , where one bag was wedged , and ended at a sandwich board sign advertising lap dance specials at Night Lights .
But it was n't garbage .
The bags were full of money : $ 328,000 in 14 bags .
In the middle of the street .
It was heaven - sent in a poor part of the city where jobs were scarce even before the economy tanked .
To hold those bags full of hundred dollar bills was to hold possibility .
To be forced to make a decision .
The antique store owner , the construction worker , the barber and the landscaper all held those bags and pressed them flat to see the money inside .
They saw vacations , bills paid off , a chance for college , a few nice things .
Then they all made a choice .
The antique store owner
Police say it was an accident .
The 14 bags containing $ 328,000 slid from the back of a Brinks truck on its way from Carousel Center to the Syracuse headquarters of Brinks on Lodi Street .
Police reports say the broken door swung open every time the truck turned .
Every corner on that half - mile trip was an opportunity to spill cash onto the street .
The two drivers took polygraph tests to make sure they had n't planned the cash dump .
Both passed , according to police reports .
They said the side door had been opening on and off throughout the day , but there had n't seemed to be a problem with the back door .
David Jenks was finishing some grunt work in his shop , the Syracuse Antiques Exchange around 5 p.m .
He was sweaty and needed to clean up for a charity event at the shop that night .
He walked down the street to his minivan to get a clean shirt .
On his walk back , Jenks saw the bags .
" I thought , ' Who threw all of that trash in the middle of the street ? '
I 'm always picking up trash around here , " said Jenks , whose business has been two storefronts up from the corner for 18 years .
He picked up one of the bags .
It was heavier than trash .
Jenks could see the bands of hundreds through the plastic .
The bags said " Loomis " on the outside , and he could see deposit slips .
He counted roughly $ 80,000 , and the slip said the deposit was from Macy's .
To no one , he yelled : " They 're full of money ! "
Everyone in Cuttin '
Up , the barbershop on the corner , heard him .
People came running into the street .
Jenks , worried about a riot , tried to keep order as nine or 10 people gathered in the street .
He told everyone there was a police officer in his store .
( There was .
The officer is part of the antique co-op . )
But Jenks thought about taking the money , too .
He held the bag of $ 80,000 for longer than needed .
He 'd never seen so much money .
He paused .
The conversation in his head was full of ifs .
If the money had just landed in the street , if it had n't clearly fallen off a truck , if there had n't been deposit slips , maybe then it would be OK to keep .
He made his choice .
He grabbed two plastic mail bins that must have fallen off the truck , too , and started asking people to put the money in them .
They carried the bins back to his store where he stuffed the 14 bags into an antique blanket chest until the police could arrive .
There was so much money that they had to force the lid shut , to hide the loot from the people filtering through the store for a charity event .
Jenks had a dream he kept the money .
He woke up sweating .
He still thinks about it -- he wishes he could have opened the bag and smelled it .
But he ended up with at least a little money .
Brinks , he said , gave him a cash award .
He would n't say how much , and Brinks would n't return phone calls for this story .
In the past , the company has given awards of as much as $ 10,000 for people who recovered money and jewels that were lost by drivers .
The construction company owner
Hanson Herring was getting his hair cut in the North Salina Street barbershop after he finished work .
He owns Barnes and Herring Construction .
He was walking out to his truck when he saw the bags .
He thought they were full of garbage , too .
He and Jenks headed into the street about the same time .
As Herring got closer , he could see the $ 100 and $ 50 bills .
Working construction , he 's seen a lot of odd things .
But this was one of the strangest .
" You have a split second where you think , ' Should I ? ' " Herring said .
" No .
It 's not worth it .
Here -- you can have it back . "
Herring , who knows the barbers in the barbershop and the bouncer at the strip club next door , told the people who rushed into the street to put the bags into the bins that landed near them .
Put it here .
Put it here .
He kept telling them .
" There are a lot of honest people there , " Herring said , looking into the full barbershop Wednesday afternoon .
Minutes before , a Brinks truck rounded a corner on its way to a heaved asphalt lot a block away on Lodi Street .
The barber
Denvil Hammons was giving someone a haircut when he heard the cry : " There 's money in the street ! "
Everybody went running .
He finished the cut and went running after them .
He did n't stop to ask questions .
He ran into the middle of the street , scooped up a bag under his right arm and ran .
Fast .
To his car .
Everyone kept calling after him .
Come back .
You can't take that money .
Denvil !
Last week , as the 26 - year - old rounded out the corners on another cut inside the yellow barbershop , it still made him sick to think about it .
" I came back .
I was sad , too .
About to cry , " he said , over the buzz of the razor .
He was only half - smiling .
He does n't know how much money was in the bag .
The 2000 Henninger graduate said he would have gone to college with the money .
For marketing .
He wo n't forget what it felt like to hold that much money .
To hold possibility .
" I wish I went deaf .
For real .
And kept running , " Hammons said , brushing the fallen hairs off a customer 's neck .
The landscaper
Peter Eppolito was coming home from a part - time job landscaping .
He turned onto North Salina at Wolf Street and had to swerve to avoid the bags in the street .
Eppolito , 29 , pulled his car over and picked up one of the bags .
He was alone .
The truck had just spilled the money .
There was a big bag .
It looked like it might have had $ 100,000 in it .
" I would n't have lived with myself if I took something like that , " Eppolito says now .
So he took the small bag .
It had about $ 10,000 in it .
He knew right from wrong .
He knew he should n't have done it .
And he knew the money belonged to someone else .
He saw it on the news that night .
But it was money in the street .
Enough money for some little things .
Nothing big .
He paid some bills .
He bought a nice pair of sneakers .
Nike Air Jordans for about $ 100 .
His good friend needed some money for his mom .
So he gave him a thousand or so in wads of $ 20s .
It was n't the gift that did Eppolito in .
It was the talking .
He told a few friends .
Who told a few more at a bar called the Caddyshack , according to police reports .
So when the police came knocking at Eppolito 's door in Syracuse June 30 , he was n't surprised .
Police did n't find all of the money .
They searched Eppolito 's apartment and found $ 3,260 stuffed in a heating vent and his bathroom vanity .
There was another $ 273 in his wallet .
For all the money he found , Eppolito lost much more .
He is facing charges of third - degree grand larceny , a felony .
He borrowed $ 10,000 from his dad in an attempt to make restitution in court .
Police say there 's still $ 50,000 missing .
The rest will be difficult to find .
Syracuse police Sgt. Tom Connellan said there are no leads .
Eppolito lost his landscaping job when his boss found out .
He 's doing self - imposed community service at his dad 's church and hopes that he does n't end up in prison .
A cold night in the Onondaga County Justice Center was enough for him .
Somehow he felt better after he got arrested .
The guilt was off his chest .
He always knew how it would end .
" I know right from wrong , " Eppolito said .
Marnie Eisenstadt can be reached at meisenstadt@syracuse.com or 470-2246 .
M - 1 Global President Vadim Finkelstein released a statement Friday in which he criticized reports that Fedor Emelianenko had turned down a lucrative offer from the UFC and he stressed that talks with the promotion are ongoing .
“ It is unfortunate that so much incorrect information has been leaked to the public , ” Finkelstein said .
“ It is M - 1's preference not to negotiate in public and we are unsure why people claim that Fedor and M - 1 turned down a six - fight , $ 30 - million contract to fight in the UFC when no such offer was ever made .
“ Even though Lorenzo Fertitta and Dana White did not meet with Fedor in person on Tuesday , they were represented over the phone .
Outside of representatives of the UFC and M - 1 , no other company was represented during our negotiations .
Since we did not go to the media with details of the meeting and only responded to the erroneous reports , we are unsure how these reports started .
” CBS Radio host Carmichael Dave reported Wednesday that Emelianenko had turned down an agreement that would have paid him $ 5 million per fight and $ 30 million total .
Sources for the information were not named .
" It 's unfortunate because these type of tactics will not help ensure that M - 1's talks with the UFC are fruitful , ” Finkelstein said .
“ M - 1 Global is still interested in continuing to negotiate with the UFC and while we are fielding offers from other major promotions ; nothing has been decided .
It is our hope that the UFC will remain in active dialogue with us as we try to find ways for us to work together .
All we are asking is that there is give - and - take in the negotiations and that they are not one - sided .
" Multiple reports this week have focused on M - 1 ’s demand that the UFC co-promote with them .
UFC officials said the earliest they might comment on the matter would be Friday during a conference call .
Pixar 's artists definitely have a racy side , even if it does n't always come out in their G - rated fare .
But with The Ancient Book of Sex and Science , the studio's artists let loose with saucy images of science and science fiction .
The Ancient Book of Sex and Science is the second book in a planned four - book series ( the first was The Ancient Book of Myth and War and explores the relationship between sex and science in Pixar 's familiar , Mary Blair - inspired style .
Said editor and Pixar animator Scott Morse :
Well , we 're usually pretty introverted , so maybe that makes us a little kinkier .
And there 's a tradition of us loving Playboy cartoons and naughtier things in general .
We all remember drawing in the margins of our textbooks when we were younger .
Advertisement
And he feels the connection between physicality and the exploration of the physical world was a natural one :
They 're similar in that they both have correlating patterns , like the rhythm of math and sex , or like music with peaks and valleys , highs and lows .
They can both be very calculated .
Advertisement
Below are samples from the book .
Somehow , I 'll never look at the characters from Monsters Inc. the same way again .
Warning :
One picture is NSFW , as you can probably tell from the thumbnail .
[ Amazon via Nerve ]
Phillip Broadwith / Paris , France
The tenth Tetrahedron Symposium in Paris opened its doors to the virtual world this year , with presentations being streamed over live video webcasts and delivered to desktops worldwide .
However , the idea has met with mixed reactions from the community , with concerns over presentation of unpublished results jeopardising later journal publications .
The idea behind the virtual conference is to extend the audience to those who could not physically attend , explains Nigel Clear , commercial director of science and technology conferences for publishing company Elsevier , which organises the symposium .
’ This is n’t going to replace physical conferences , which are a primary means of academic communication , ’ he explains .
’ We want to augment the physical event by making the content of the conference accessible to more people . ’
After paying a reduced registration fee (
99 ( ? 85 ) in this case , instead of anything from
300 to
600 to attend in person ) , virtual delegates can log in to the event , which is set up to look like a real conference using a platform similar to the Second Life 3D virtual world .
Delegates can ’ attend ’ talks live , chat and network with other online delegates and even visit posters and virtual exhibition booths .
They can then access the presentations on - demand after the conference and download PDF copies of posters ( around 110 of the 661 posters are currently available ) .
Delegates at the physical conference can pay a supplement of
49 to access the virtual content .
’ People ’s information consumption habits are changing , ’ says Clear .
’ The current economic climate makes travel more difficult to justify , and there are also environmental concerns . ’
But by recording the speakers , what was previously a transient medium becomes permanent , and there is a risk that those presenting unpublished results could have that work refused by journals on the grounds that it has already been ’ published ’ .
’ I do n’t have the right to deny my students papers , just because I want to present their work at a conference , ’ says Barry Trost of Stanford University , US , especially in a world where so much relies on publication .
He adds that , while there is a definite role for more tutorial and review - style talks - especially to expose students to new areas of chemistry - ’ part of the idea of conferences is to convey ideas that are still being formulated , to share the problems you ’re facing and get feedback from colleagues .
It ’s that exciting edge of the science that you lose . ’
Karel Nederveen , publishing director for chemistry at Elsevier , agrees that pre-publication is a tricky problem :
’ The community , including the publishers , needs to hammer it out and agree on what constitutes publication . ’
He explains that in other fields such as vaccine research , where the virtual conference concept has been trialled , publishers have taken a more relaxed view .
’ We do n’t want authors to feel limited or constrained in what they present , but at the moment they might , ’ he adds .
The virtual Tetrahedron event will be online for six months after the physical conference and will only be accessible to those who register , so Clear argues that this closed audience and limited access time means that the content of the presentations should be treated like that at any other conference .
Dafydd Owen of Pfizer Research Chemistry in Sandwich , UK , attended the virtual event and sees the on - demand access to conference material as a significant advantage , particularly for the posters : ’ Having the rich scientific content of the posters available for download counteracts the haste and hurry of the live sessions .
For people physically attending , they can spend that time talking to the authors , knowing that the rest are available to go through at their leisure - so it might change the dynamics of the poster session . ’
But despite the convenience of the virtual event , Owen is conscious of the potential drawbacks :
’ If this were to influence what people put up , either in poster or speaking format , then that would be a backward step , ’ he says .
’ As scientists , both industrial and academic , we have built up a conferencing ethos and I would n’t want that compromised by conservatism or holding back the latest results . ’
There is also the issue of what happens to video footage once the virtual conference is over .
Speakers at the symposium were quick to point out the potential of a library of video presentations as an invaluable teaching resource .
’ For students this could be very helpful , ’ says Trost , ’ but it would really have to be available for free , or at worst something like a journal , where libraries could subscribe rather than the students paying individually . ’
Clear agrees that the opportunities are wide open : ’ We ’re right at the beginning of a journey here - we can see the benefits , but where it goes will change and adapt depending on the users - we have no idea what the final product will look like . ’
Holy #%$@ !!!
Damn , that feels better already .
And that 's just what British scientists would expect , saying they 've learned cussing may be good for you .
Their study , " Swearing as a Response to Pain , " is published in August 's NeuroReport , a journal " for rapid communication of neuroscience research . "
The report by researchers at England 's Keele University found volunteers withstood pain longer when they resorted to distasteful invective .
So , let loose when the pain comes .
It 's something English chef Gordon Ramsay has put to use with wild abandon on his TV shows , but his pain is more often of the temporal kind , when kitchen wannabes burn the brûlée or char the Arctic char .
Real pain calls for tougher talk .
Dr. Richard Stephens , who led the research , said he got the idea for the study after watching his wife give birth to their daughter , spilling a slew of swear words as she pushed and pushed and pushed .
While stubbing your toe can invoke an unfettered stream of profane platitudes , it may also be an inherited guttural response from our hairy - backed ancestors when faced with fearsome predators .
Stephens said that may explain why swearing is still in vogue around the world .
" We think it could be part of the flight or fight response , " he explained .
" In the volunteers who swore , we also found they had an elevated heart rate , so it could be increasing their aggression levels .
Increased aggression has been shown to reduce people 's sensitivity to pain , so it could be swearing is helping this process . "
Researchers tested how 64 students tolerated pain by having them plunge a hand into ice water while repeating swear words .
They were then asked to do it again while saying non-offensive words to describe a table .
They found that foul - mouthed volunteers could keep their hands submerged for about 40 seconds longer and felt the pain less .
It 's unclear how that colours the f-bomb dropped by Transport Minister John Baird last month when Toronto asked for federal funding for new streetcars .
Baird dismissed Toronto's request with an overheard " f--- off " that ultimately proved to be Ottawa 's final decision in the matter .
Federal Finance Minister Jim Flaherty was also overheard telling Tory MPP Ernie Hardeman to " f--- off " because he had n't supported Flaherty 's wife , Christine Elliott , in the recent provincial Conservative leadership contest .
Perhaps he was feeling her pain .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
With files from Star wire services
North Korean hackers are suspected of launching a cyber - attack on some of the most important government offices in the US and South Korea in recent days , including the White House , the Pentagon , the New York Stock Exchange and the presidential Blue House in Seoul .
The attack took out some of South Korea 's most important websites , including those of the Blue House , the defence ministry , the national assembly , Shinhan bank , Korea Exchange bank and the top internet portal Naver .
Ahn Jeong - eun , a spokeswoman for Korea Information Security Agency , said the websites of 11 organisations had either gone down or had access problems .
The Associated Press reported that the White House , Pentagon and New York Stock Exchange were also targeted , but apparently deflected the electronic barrage .
South Korea 's
Yonhap news agency said military intelligence officers were looking into the possibility that the attack may have been carried out by North Korean hackers and pro-North Korea forces in the South .
It resembles an attack that began last Saturday on government websites in the US , including some that are responsible for fighting cyber -crime .
John Bumgarner , director of research at the US Cyber Consequences Unit , said : " There 's been a lot chatter recently about cyber - war .
The North Koreans may have felt they were not getting enough attention launching missiles so they moved into another potential warfare – cyber .
It 's a form of sabre rattling .
But the big question is , did the North Koreans launch it themselves or did someone do it for them ? "
Yang Moo-jin , a professor at Seoul 's University of North Korean Studies , said he doubted whether the North had the capability to knock down the websites .
But Hong Hyun-ik , an analyst at the Sejong Institute thinktank , said the attack could have been carried out by either North Korea or China , saying he " heard North Korea has been working hard to hack into " South Korean networks .
South Korea 's National Intelligence Service told a group of politicians today that it believes that North Korea or its sympathisers were behind the attacks , a source at the meeting told Associated Press .
The agency refused to comment , but it confirmed it was working with US authorities to investigate the attack .
It said it believed the attack was thoroughly prepared and committed " at the level of a certain organisation or state " .
The attacks appeared to be linked to problems on the US sites , although investigators were still unsure who was behind them , Ahn said .
In the US , the treasury department , secret service , Federal Trade Commission and transport department websites were all down at varying points over the 4 July holiday weekend .
Some of the sites were still experiencing problems last night .
The website of the Washington Post was also affected .
Its computer security writer Brian Krebs blamed " malicious software " that ordered infected PCs to repeatedly visit targeted websites .
A large proportion of the PCs involved were located in South Korea , he reported .
An initial investigation in South Korea found that many personal computers were infected with a virus ordering them to visit official websites in South Korea and the US at the same time , the Korean information agency official Shin Hwa - su said .
The US homeland security department confirmed that officials had received reports of " malicious web activity " and said they were investigating .
Two government officials confirmed that the treasury and secret service sites had been brought down , and said the agencies were working with their internet service provider to resolve the problem .
Ben Rushlo , director of internet technologies at the website monitoring company Keynote Systems , called it a " massive outage " .
Denial of service attacks against websites are not uncommon , and are usually caused when sites are deluged with internet traffic to take them offline .
Documenting cyber-attacks against government sites is difficult , and depends heavily on how agencies characterise an incident and how successful or damaging it is .
The Associated Press reports that Mehdi Karroubi , another of Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s rivals in the presidential race , issued a statement on his Web site that echoed Mr. Moussavi ’s sentiments .
" I do n’t consider this government legitimate , " Mr. Karroubi said .
Mr. Moussavi ’s continued defiance of the authorities has prompted the Basij militia to call for his prosecution on nine charges , including " disturbing the nation ’s security , " which carries a maximum 10 - year prison sentence .
http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/...
That 's seriously brave of Mousavi considering the Basij is after his hide .
Iran 's feared Basij militia asked the country 's chief prosecutor Wednesday to investigate embattled opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi for his role in violent protests that it said undermined national security in the aftermath of last month 's presidential election .
The semiofficial Fars news agency said the militia - known as supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's street enforcers - sent the prosecutor a letter accusing Mousavi of taking part in nine offenses against the state , including " disturbing the nation 's security , " which carries a maximum penalty of 10 years ' imprisonment .
" Whether he wanted to or not , Mr. Mousavi in many areas supervised or assisted in punishable acts , " said the Basij letter , which also accused Mousavi of bringing " pessimism " into the public sphere .
http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/...
pessimism ?!?
The dude 's brought nothing but optimism you deranged A Jad mouthpiece .
Will Mousavi 's defiant message be a rallying cry , the start of new protests perhaps ?
Is it even visible to the masses within Iran ? dunno .... One hopes it 's a spark , but because Madman Mahmoud has arrested all the opposition leaders and has effectively clamped down on means of communication between dissenters that seems unlikely .
However , there seemed little prospect of any chance for organized and sustained action .... , political analysts said , in part because the arrests had starved the opposition of leadership , foot soldiers and an effective means to communicate .
Reporters Without Borders , a press freedom organization , said that the concern extended beyond opposition leaders .
Several witness accounts makes us fear that torture and ill treatment are being systematically inflicted on prisoners who have demonstrated against the regime , the group said in a statement .
Several journalists and bloggers were brutally treated by the guards and by men employed by the state prosecutor Saeed Mortazavi .
http://www.nytimes.com/...
Yes that 's state prosecutor Mortazavi , also known as " the butcher " .
As I diaried yesterday in , Amnesty International : Iran Political Prisoners May Face Torture , true reformist opposition leaders have been arrested and possibly tortured in Evin prison .
Further reports have more mass arrests taking place of any and all vocal opposition .
One prominent independent thinker was just arrested and he had not even taken part in the demonstrations .
Authorities continued to detain hundreds of journalists , former government officials , political activists and even independent researchers .
The recent arrest of Bijan Khajehpour , an independent political economist , sent a chill deeper yet into Iran 's civil society because he had not been involved in demonstrations , political analysts said .
Khajehpour was detained at the airport coming into the country from Britain and , like many others , has disappeared into the notorious Evin prison , raising the prospect of a political purge , the analysts said .
" Bijan was perhaps the last independent - minded analyst living in Tehran who continued to travel to Europe and the U.S. and give open lectures about Iran , " said Karim Sadjadpour , an Iran expert with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
" He always believed that if he was totally transparent , the government would understand he was not doing anything wrong . "
The government also has fired high - ranking officials who had supported Mir Hossein Mousavi , according to Iranian news reports .
http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/...
A purge of all dissenters within the gov't is underway .
Those who did not support A Jad - now gone .
In addition , the propaganda campaign on gov't controlled media has ramped up .
Iran 's state - controlled media are waging an all - out propaganda assault to cast post-election unrest in the Islamic Republic as a futile attempt by " the West " to interfere .
From news stories alleging a British Embassy staffer was a ring - leader of the dramatic street protests , to editorial columns deriding a " West that imagined that supporting chaos in Iran would reduce the Islamic Republic 's power , " the message is clear .
It has been a classic one - two punch from Iran 's hard - line rulers : first they hit on the streets with batons , tear gas and arrests of opposition leaders .
Now , in the newspapers and television broadcasts , they 're striking with their own version of the truth .
If their version is repeated often enough , and dissenting voices are kept silent , it will quickly become the accepted reality for many Iranians .
In this manner , the Islamic establishment which has ruled the country for 30 years may be able to sweep this " revolution " under the carpet .
http://www.cbsnews.com/...
So it remains to be seen what 's simmering below the surface among Iran 's disaffected masses .
Will they have the will , the fortitude , let alone the means to continue their active campaign against Khamenei , Ahmadinejad , their Basij goons and basically the entire power structure of this corrupt , brutal , militant theocracy ?
We 'll see .
Certainly , a great fissure runs deep between the gov't establishment and a great mass of Iranian people .
moon
Please use Navigation links above and click on " Dead Mall Stories " .
Thanks !
The left hemisphere of the human brain controls language , arguably our greatest mental attribute .
It also controls the remarkable dexterity of the human right hand .
The right hemisphere is dominant in the control of , among other things , our sense of how objects interrelate in space .
Forty years ago the broad scientific consensus held that , in addition to language , right - handedness and the specialization of just one side of the brain for processing spatial relations occur in humans alone .
Other animals , it was thought , have no hemispheric specializations of any kind .
Since I ’m working to recover both energy and funds from the long trip west , I ’ve put up the entirety of the previous storyline , This Is How I Deal , for sale in the store .
They start at $ 85 , and most are under $ 100 ( save a few double - pagers and detailed ones )
These are enormous pages done on bristol board , and as always they are completely one - of - a- kind and signed by the artist .
Check out the collection here .
In 2007 , a standoff unfolded between China and several American companies , including W.R. Grace , a major supplier of oil refining products .
China was threatening to withhold supplies that keep refiners in business .
A worried State Department intervened .
By then , W.R. Grace had only a three - month supply of the special metals it needs for its refining products .
Because the metals come almost exclusively from China , if the government had not acted , sources say , oil refineries could have been forced to shut down , possibly triggering shortages across the country .
The metals W.R. Grace needed belong to a group known as " rare earths . "
They are the backbone of the Information Age and , potentially , the clean energy future .
They are in iPods , Blackberrys , and plasma TVs .
They are powerful and compact ; they are exceedingly efficient .
In many cases , there are no substitutes .
On the periodic table , they have their own section , 17 metals in all , reflecting their unique atomic structure .
Fifty years ago , the world 's economy was built on steel , aluminum , and iron .
Today , rare - earth metals are reshaping it .
But they are not easy to acquire , not anymore .
In the 1970s and 1980s , the United States was the world 's leading producer .
Today , China provides nearly 97 percent of the world 's supply .
It has a near monopoly , and it is cutting exports .
Dominance .
The strategic implications of this growing imbalance are vast , particularly for defense and energy .
Wind turbines and electric cars have become clean energy symbols , but they are merely final products , the visible results of a supply chain that spans international borders and , for the most part , is largely overlooked by policymakers .
At the bottom of this chain , at its most basic level , are rare - earth metals mined from the Earth 's crust and made into magnets or other parts , then put into motors or batteries .
China 's dominance in this arena , and its displacement of American leadership , are not accidental .
In 1992 , Deng Xiaoping , then the country 's most powerful politician , outlined a plan .
" The Middle East has oil ; we have rare earths , " he said .
" We must develop these rare earths . "
Today this phrase is emblazoned , like a campaign slogan , across the roof of at least one Chinese factory .
Deng 's call to arms has been carried out nearly flawlessly .
China dominates the world market and in recent months has taken control of mines in Brazil and Australia , thereby eliminating potential competitors .
It is poised to do with rare earths what the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries has done with oil : make the world dependent .
In 2002 , China exported about 60,000 tons of rare - earth metals .
In 2008 , it exported about 45,000 tons .
In 2009 , based upon preliminary estimates , that will drop into the 30,000s .
The slide will most likely continue , with potentially serious implications for President Obama 's energy goals .
In 2008 , an Australian analyst named Dudley Kingsnorth released a report in which he calculated that China 's rare - earth supplies could become off limits to the world as early as 2012 .
The severity of Kingsnorth 's projection has been questioned by some , and the global recession has probably pushed the date back a few years .
But the general trend holds .
Resource production is limited , and China 's internal demand is soaring , fueled by consumers and new energy ambitions .
Within five years , China wants to be the world 's leading manufacturer of wind turbines and electric batteries .
Global demand for rare - earth metals , meanwhile , is expected to grow at least 10 percent annually .
If no new mines open , the scenarios are daunting .
At best , if China continues exporting , global prices seem sure to rise .
At worst , the West could be shut off altogether , left scrambling to find new sources of these metals for turbines , batteries , and other parts .
" The very basic question is ' Are we going to trade dependence on Mideast oil for Chinese rare earths ? ' " says Jeff Green , a lobbyist who specializes in metals .
" I think the answer is ' Probably . ' "
Falling behind .
This is not just a story about metals , though .
It is also a story about decline and innovation , about what has happened to American manufacturing , and about the gap that exists between where the country 's political leaders want to go — to a " clean - energy economy , " with thriving factories and state - of - the - art research facilities — and where some industries stand today .
That the United States was once the leader in this field is a fascinating byproduct of the country 's nuclear past .
In the aftermath of World War II , with the Cold War setting in , U.S. officials were terrified that the country would run out of uranium .
So they began encouraging prospectors to look for uranium deposits .
Radioactive materials were rarely found alone .
They came with other metals , like rare earths .
This was the case at Mountain Pass , Calif. , in the Mojave Desert , where the world 's largest rare - earth mine opened in the early 1950s .
Thus began a nearly half - century reign for the United States .
By the late 1960s , Mountain Pass was the world 's leading supplier of europium , a rare - earth metal that creates the red color in color TVs .
The mine 's owner , Molycorp , poured millions into research .
By the mid-1980s , China wised up .
The terrain of Inner Mongolia , where there was already extensive iron mining , became ground zero for a new venture .
Backed by a deliberate national push , rare - earth production boomed .
China 's rise eventually triggered the end of a proud chapter of American innovation .
But this fate was not immediately apparent .
A poignant example involves General Motors .
In the early 1980s , GM scientists invented a new way to make magnets .
Rather than use pure magnets , they developed a magnetic powder , which they could mix with rubber and inject where needed .
This powder , like many high - performance magnets , required neodymium , a very strong rare earth .
With the powder , less metal was needed , so car parts could be lighter — in the auto industry , a good thing .
GM 's magnet division got its own name , Magnequench , and a 175,000 - square - foot facility was built in Indiana in 1986 .
But the timing proved terrible .
As the 1980s wore on , China 's strip mining accelerated .
Production soared , and global prices dropped .
American magnet companies began to close down or , seeking cheaper resources , moved to China .
In 1995 , two Chinese companies , with the help of American investors , purchased Magnequench .
The move , a report to Congress later found , was part of a " detailed strategy " by China to control rare earths .
To win U.S. approval , the buyers had promised to keep the magnet facility in Indiana .
They moved it to China in 2002 .
By then the mine at Mountain Pass had fallen idle , hurt by excess supplies and , some say , Chinese competition and fallout from a mid-1990s incident involving a contaminated water spill .
This leaves the United States with no active rare - earth mine ( although Molycorp continues to process ore it had already dug up at Mountain Pass ) .
Meanwhile , the number of workers in the U.S. high - performance magnet industry has fallen 80 percent over the past decade .
Not a single American company today makes neodymium magnets for wind turbines , smart bombs , or anything else .
All this is very likely just the first act of a bigger drama .
For the past year or so , Western analysts had been buzzing about the potential opening of a rare earth mine in western Australia by Lynas Corp. , an Australian company .
Many saw it as potential counter to Chinese dominance , a friendly foothold in an uncertain market .
It is a large mine , with the potential to supply a decent fraction of the world 's rare earth needs .
But in May , hopes faded .
Offering $ 366 million , a company owned by the Chinese government bought a majority stake in the mine .
" I think they 've worked their plan to perfection , " says Ed Richardson of Thomas & Skinner , one of the remaining U.S. high - performance magnet companies .
" If we look at how dependent the world has become on rare - earth elements , it 's kind of scary .
It all happened right under our nose . "
An idle mine , niche companies fleeing to China — all this may sound like another case of globalization ills .
But it 's also a telling example of what 's necessary for innovation and economic growth .
In Washington , there is bipartisan support for renewable electricity and next - generation cars , which will require significant innovation .
The disagreement is over how to spur it .
Republicans favor private investment .
Democrats favor public funding and regulations , such as requiring utilities to generate more of their electricity from renewable sources .
Both sides may be missing a key element .
Economists generally agree that innovation is a major driver of economic growth .
Innovation , however , does not occur in isolation .
It is not the product of one company 's efforts or of a single lab 's work .
It is the result of a whole cluster of things , including raw material suppliers , research labs , and manufacturing firms , working together .
Remove one of these links , and the innovation chain weakens or breaks .
In the case of American energy technologies , the rare - earth component has been absent for a while .
According to a paper published by Brian Fifarek of Carnegie Mellon University last year , its absence has left a mark .
As domestic resources have vanished , he found , the number of successful patent applications filed by American companies for technologies using rare earths has declined precipitously since the early 1990s .
There is also anecdotal evidence to suggest that research and development activity , the lifeblood of innovation , has followed resources overseas .
In 1999 , Magnequench opened a research facility in North Carolina .
In 2004 , the company , citing access to resources , moved it to Singapore .
Another rare - earth facility , in Ames , Iowa , closed in 2002 .
Understandably , it has taken some countries and companies a while to make connections between innovation and resources .
Mainly , someone in power has to look pretty far down the supply chain , through several layers of middlemen , to spot a problem .
In some cases , they have n't or say they do n't see problems .
" I do n't think about it that much , " says Siemens CEO Peter Loscher .
But events have started to open some stakeholders ' eyes .
In 2005 , the Chinese national offshore oil company , CNOOC , made a hostile bid to take over American oil giant Unocal .
Congress rejected it , fearing that the Chinese might gain a foothold in the oil - rich Gulf of Mexico .
Ultimately , Chevron acquired the company .
But many observers now believe China was also after something else : the Mountain Pass rare - earth mine , which Unocal had acquired in the 1990s .
" I was getting phone calls from the highest levels of management at Unocal , asking what it would take to sell Mountain Pass , " says Molycorp CEO Mark Smith .
" I do n't think it 's too hard to put the two together . "
Next was the incident in 2007 in which W.R. Grace and others felt squeezed by China 's threat to withhold rare earth shipments .
Then , in 2008 , prices for all commodities , including rare earths , began to skyrocket .
Neodymium jumped from $ 8 per kilogram to $ 50 per kg .
Suddenly , people became concerned about the supplies of rare earths .
The same year , a report by the National Research Council found that shortages of rare earths would have a bigger impact on manufacturers than problems with the supply of any other commonly used metal .
U.S. revival .
Can the United States make a comeback ?
" When you have given up the capacity to innovate and manufacture and build , it is difficult just to buy it back , " says Mary Poulton , a geological engineering professor at the University of Arizona and a coauthor of the NRC report .
" You 've given up a lot of the leads to other countries . "
There is first the challenge of reopening a mine ; that in itself is difficult enough , requiring money and an appetite for risk .
In the business world , mining investments are considered among the riskiest of deals .
The full challenge , rebuilding a supply chain , is much greater .
Metals have to be purified , refined , and assembled into components .
These steps require money , technology , and expertise .
In the United States , according to government estimates , there are only three facilities that refine rare earths .
Most of the engineers who understand the processes are either retired or dead .
But the start of a revival may be underway .
Molycorp is trying to restart mining by 2012 .
Another company , Thorium Energy , which owns an enormous swath of land in Idaho 's rare - earth - rich Lemhi Pass , is seeking investors .
Both Smith and Thorium Energy CEO Ed Cowle have been trekking to Washington to talk to congressmen , senators , and agency officials .
Part of their problem , they say , is getting people to realize there is actually a problem .
" This portion of the supply chain is buried deep , " says Smith .
" You really have to understand this whole supply chain concept .
I sit down with car companies and wind turbine companies , and the first response you will get is ' Oh , I do n't worry about that .
I buy my motors or generators from this company or that company and I did n't know there were rare earths in them . ' "
As Jack Lifton , a longtime metal analyst , says , " The Chinese are depending , as they always do , on the myopia of the American investment community that only sees to the end of its nose . "
Some say the concerns are overblown , that China will do everything it can do to ensure steady exports .
And for certain technologies , researchers say there are potential alternatives to rare earths .
The leading technology in electric batteries , nickel metal hydride , requires them , but a possible alternative , lithium ion , does not .
" Lithium batteries have higher energy and power , " says Gary Yang , a scientist at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory .
" That is their advantage over rare earths . "
But lithium ion batteries require years more research .
Nevertheless , a global quest for new mines is dawning .
" They are all out looking for money , " says Richardson .
' The Canadians , the Australians , Molycorp here in the U.S. , Thorium Energy — all these mines are looking for big bucks , but it 's high risk . "
Environmental issues can crop up , as they have in the past for Molycorp .
Investors can pull out , as they have in Australia .
A new mine will cost hundreds of millions .
On Capitol Hill , interest is tepid but picking up .
" Folks are finally starting to say , ' How are we going to advance the ball ? ' " says Green .
" The Chinese are expected to consume all their production by 2012 , 2013 , or 2014 .
I think this needs to cause alarm in the U.S. government . "
In 2007 , supporters managed to secure an earmark for a Defense Metals Technology Center in Ohio , which advises the military on strategic metals .
Last month , Rep. Mike Coffman , a Colorado Republican , slipped an amendment into the House 's defense budget bill that would require the watchdog Government Accountability Office to review rare - earth concerns .
And Sen. Evan Bayh , an Indiana Democrat , has just proposed requiring the defense department to evaluate the extent to which the country 's weapons are dependent upon rare earth metal supplies " that could be interrupted . "
But that 's about it .
So far , the focus of most politicians and the American public is still at the top of the supply chain — on the gleaming turbines and electric vehicle prototypes — rather than on the dusty metals at the bottom .
NEW YORK , July 8 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. dollar is in the line of fire as leaders from the largest developed and developing countries gather in Italy for talks , as China pushes for debate on an eventual shift to a new global reserve currency .
Sources have said the dollar ’s role probably will not be included in the final communique of a G8 meeting .
Even if it does rate a mention , the language used would likely be extremely general to avoid destabilizing financial markets .
Still , the symbolic importance would be immense , as it would underscore the determination of emerging economies , who will also be present in Italy for the talks , to win greater say in the global financial system and , over time , to reduce their dependence on the U.S. currency .
WHY REPLACE THE DOLLAR AS GLOBAL RESERVE CURRENCY ?
China and other emerging market heavyweights such as Russia and Brazil , are among the biggest holders of dollar assets , mostly in the form of U.S. Treasury debt .
Indeed , China has the biggest stock pile of foreign reserves in the world .
Yet for most of this decade , the United States has struggled to maintain the dollar 's value .
Against major currencies , the dollar has lost 33 percent in value since 2002 .
DXY .
And with the financial crisis prompting the United States to commit trillions of dollars to rescue the economy , these countries fear inflation will further debase the dollar .
China , which is thought to hold some 70 percent of its massive $ 1.9 trillion FX reserves in dollars , is especially vulnerable .
Critics also say the benefits the United States enjoys as printer of the premier reserve currency promotes imbalances in the world financial system , leaving Washington to run deficits as it supplies the world with a steady supply of dollars .
The accumulation of excessively large dollar reserves can then lead to asset bubbles .
Some economists contend China ’s recycling of reserves into U.S. Treasury debt kept U.S. interest rates low and contributed to the housing bubble behind the global downturn .
WHAT ARE THE OTHER CURRENCIES TO WATCH ?
A. Euro status grows
The euro is the world ’s most actively traded currency after the dollar and so is highly liquid , making it easy to buy and sell euro - denominated bonds without disrupting the market .
As a result , the share of global foreign exchange reserves held in the euro has grown since its 1999 inception and stands at 25.9 percent from 18.1 percent .
Russia ’s central bank has adjusted its holdings to the point where it holds roughly equal amounts of euros and dollars , though that is partly because of Russia ’s strong trade links with the 16 - country euro zone .
But the European Central Bank has refrained from promoting the euro as a reserve currency , as doing so would stoke demand from central banks and push up its value against the dollar .
A strong currency could hamper euro - zone growth .
B. The Mighty Yuan
China ’s yuan , also known as the remnimbi , is the currency of the most populous country on earth and many believe China will in coming decades be the world ’s most powerful economy .
China has already inked deals with trading partners to use the yuan as an invoicing currency , and demand from central banks to hold it as a store of value will increase as China secures its place on the top rungs of world economic power .
But there are major financial and political obstacles that will ensure this process will take years , and perhaps decades .
China would have to loosen controls over its economy and financial system to allow the currency to flow more freely and the likes of central banks and foreigners to invest freely .
Indeed , top Chinese officials seem to recognize a shift away from the dollar would take a long time .
For more on what it would take for the yuan to be considered a viable reserve currency , see [ ID :nL677953 ] and [ ID : nPEK225167 ]
C. In commodities we trust
Demand for oil , metals and other commodities could prompt central banks to diversify some reserves into currencies from commodity exporters such as Australia , Canada and New Zealand .
A big problem is that the market for these currencies is tiny relative to the $ 6.5 trillion in global reserves .
Even minor price moves would spark huge exchange rate volatility .
D. Super - sovereign SDR
China and Russia have suggested the International Monetary Fund ’s Special Drawing Right , essentially a basket of currencies , could become a global reserve currency unit .
Greater SDR use would involve promoting it for use in trade settlement and as a monetary unit in which private international transactions -- loans , bonds , deposits -- are denominated .
The IMF will review the SDR ’s composition in 2010 , and emerging countries will likely follow China in pushing for their own currencies to be included .
Some have said it would be easier for central banks to simply shuffle reserves to reflect the SDR ’s composition .
The IMF ’s quarterly Currency Composition of Foreign Exchange Reserves data showed the dollar ’s share of central bank reserves rose in the first quarter to 64.9 percent from 64 percent .
That was its highest share in nearly two years but was partly tied to temporary safe - haven demand for dollars during the midst of a financial crisis .
It was still below the dollar ’s 73 percent share in early 2001 .
[ ID : nN30446414 ]
By Karen Sternheimer
Being unemployed can be an incredibly stressful experience .
Difficulty paying bills is the most obvious stressor , but there are others : the threat of losing a home , feeling rejected while looking for a new job , and declining self - esteem are others .
How do you now answer the question , “ what do you do ? ”
Yet the challenges of unemployment are not equal opportunity experiences .
An individual ’s socio-economic status ( SES ) makes a big difference ; two people standing next to each other in line at an unemployment office might have very different realities .
Socio-economic status is a collective measure of status based on education , income , wealth , and occupation , as well as an individual ’s family background : parents ’ education , income , wealth and occupation .
All of these impact how a person will experience unemployment .
For instance , someone with more education is less likely to be unemployed .
As you can see from the graph below , people without a high school diploma were three times more likely to be unemployed as those with bachelor ’s degrees were in 2008 .
And because median earnings are higher with more education , people with college degrees might be more likely to have savings to dip into should they become unemployed .
Source : Bureau of Labor Statistics
And yet for those people who are highly educated and unemployed — note the 2 % with doctoral degrees who were unemployed in 2008 — the sense of personal failure might be more significant .
One possible silver lining to being unemployed during a recession is that a person might know many others in the same situation and therefore take their situation less personally .
People with higher levels of education may feel more isolated if they are unemployed .
Another factor defining SES is occupational prestige , which can also shape how someone experiences unemployment .
For example , a friend of mine who held an executive - level position lost her job when her company was bought out by a competitor .
She was given nine months severance pay of her full salary and decided to start her own business , knowing that she would still collect a significant paycheck for several months .
For other people accustomed to not just a high salary , but the power and authority that comes with a high - prestige position , it may be tough to accept that a high - level job might not open up for them .
This is one example of the downward mobility many people are experiencing right now .
Aside from having less money to spend and having to alter their lifestyle , finding a job with less prestige also means a shift in one ’s social standing and sense of self .
But for some people , who maybe identified too much with their work , unemployment seems to be liberating .
In a recent article , the Los Angeles Times described how some people , mostly young and single , experienced “ funemployment ” by going to the beach , hanging out with friends , and even doing volunteer work .
“ And at least till the bank account dries up , they ’re content living for today . ”
Another Times article describes how to have fun in Las Vegas after losing a job by going to the cheaper restaurants in the older , downtown area of Fremont Street .
“ Vegas is not just the high - priced adult Disneyland I used to revel in .
It has spirit and ( dare I say it ? ) soul , and it was totally worth dipping into my severance package . ”
The author also described how her newly unemployed status meant she would be mingling with a different crowd that she was used to : “ Signs warn patrons not to smoke in line and not to steal the glasses .
How enchantingly old school .
But the jeans - and - T- shirt - wearing crowd said ‘ Midwestern tourist ’ more than hip gambler . ”
It ’s interesting how the author conflates downward mobility with people from a certain region of the country ( as a native Midwesterner this rankled me a bit ) , but it is also a way of trying to distinguish one ’s sense of self at others ’ expense .
A letter to the editor later chided the author for going on vacation at all while she was unemployed .
Clearly having a severance package , previously holding a high paying job , and not having a family to support might make the unemployment experience easier .
So too might having a social network with valuable job connections , and family members willing and able to provide financial support and / or a place to live in the meantime .
What other factors might make unemployment easier ?
What might make it more difficult ?
The Statue Of Liberty Reopens Its Crown
By Gilbert Mercier , NEWS JUNKIE POST
Today marks the reopening of the Statue of Liberty ’s crown for visitors .
It could not be more appropriate to reopen the monument today , as America celebrates its birthday .
It will take visitors to climb 156 steps to get to the crown and enjoy the amazing view .
The crown was closed to visitors right after 9/11/2001 for security reasons .
The people of France gave the statue to the people of the United States 120 years ago in recognition of the friendship established during the American Revolution .
Sculptor Bartholdi was commissioned to design a sculpture with the year 1876 targeted for completion , to commemorate the centennial of the American Declaration of Independence .
Bartholdi required the assistance of an engineer to address the major structural issues associated with designing such a colossal copper sculpture .
Eiffel ( designer of the Eiffel Tower ) designed the massive iron pylon and skeletal frame work holding the copper skin .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Curly cucumbers , crooked carrots and mottled mushrooms - odd- looking fruit and vegetables are making a comeback as 20 - year - old EU rules are lifted .
Marketing standards for 26 types of produce have been scrapped , in a drive to cut EU bureaucracy .
The standards will remain in place for 10 of the most popular types .
But with an appropriate label shops will be able to sell " ugly " specimens of these too .
The European Commission 's move has been welcomed by supermarkets .
Consumer choice " July 1 marks the return to our shelves of the curved cucumber and the knobbly carrot , " said Agriculture Commissioner Mariann Fischer Boel .
" We do n't need to regulate this sort of thing at EU level .
It is far better to leave it to market operators .
Your pictures : Wonky fruit and veg Will we eat wonky fruit and veg ?
" The changes also mean that consumers will be able to choose from the widest range of products possible .
It makes no sense to throw perfectly good products away , just because they are the ' wrong ' size and shape , " she said .
The rules were introduced to ensure common EU standards , but are regarded by critics as examples of Euro - madness .
Some 20 % of produce is rejected by shops across the EU because it fails to meet the current requirements .
The 26 types are : apricots , artichokes , asparagus , aubergines , avocadoes , beans , Brussels sprouts , carrots , cauliflowers , cherries , courgettes , cucumbers , cultivated mushrooms , garlic , hazelnuts in shell , headed cabbage , leeks , melons , onions , peas , plums , ribbed celery , spinach , walnuts in shell , water melons and witloof / chicory .
Rules designed to enforce a uniform common market are n't exactly the EU 's thing any more
BBC Europe editor Mark Mardell
Blog : Rule change bears fruit
The rules will remain unchanged for 10 types of produce , which account for 75 % of EU fruit and vegetable trade : apples , citrus fruit , kiwi fruit , lettuces , peaches and nectarines , pears , strawberries , sweet peppers , table grapes and tomatoes .
But an apple which does not meet the standard could still be sold , as long as it were labelled " product intended for processing " or equivalent wording , the commission says .
A spokesman for the British supermarket chain Tesco said : " We welcome this move and it's not before time " .
" We look forward to selling curly cucumbers and knobbly carrots while ensuring the quality of our ranges is n't compromised , " said Adam Fisher .
A manager at Sainsbury 's , Lucy Maclennan , voiced hope that " by being able to sell more wonky fruit and veg , we can help cash - strapped Britons save even more on their weekly shop and help farmers use more of their crop " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Right after Roger Federer won his 15th Grand Slam at Wimbledon this month , Pete Sampras declared , " The guy is a legend ; now he 's an icon . "
In his eyes , this was a status upgrade .
Shortly after that , In Touch magazine referred to both Michael Jackson and Farrah Fawcett as felled icons .
PeopleandTime chimed in .
None of the big guns seemed prepared to award Ed McMahon official iconic status , but loads of other smaller media outlets did .
Other icons were on the way .
Karl Malden , star of both " On the Waterfront " and " The Streets ...
Being terrified is infectious
The smell of fear really does exist , according to a new study , which also suggests that being terrified is infectious .
The study , conducted by Dr Bettina Pause and colleagues at the University of Dusseldorf in Germany , suggests that people subconsciously detect whether others are scared by picking up chemicals they release from their bodies .
Researchers believe the signals can be contagious and can spread around a group .
For the study , researchers put cotton pads under the armpits of 49 student volunteers before they were due to start a university exam , reports the Telegraph .
Pause and colleagues also collected sweat from the same group of students as they worked out on exercise bikes .
They asked another group of 28 volunteer students to sniff the cotton pads while their brains were monitored with an MRI scanner .
None were able to tell the difference between ‘ panic sweat ’ and ‘ exercise sweat ’ but the brain scans told a different story .
When sniffing ‘ panic sweat ’ , the researchers found that the regions of the brain that handle emotional and social signals became far more active .
Parts of the brain involved in empathy also lit up .
The researchers reckon that fear and anxiety trigger the release of a chemical that makes other people empathise .
Via The Times of India
Date : August 20 , 2009 11:13 PMNice to view , I like the partial exposure ... much , much better than the gynecological closeups ...
Basket - case network news producer Jane Craig falls for new reporter Tom Grunnick , a pretty boy who represents the trend towards entertainment news she despises .
Aaron Altman , a talented but plain correspondent , carries an unrequited torch for Jane .
Sparks fly between the three as the network prepares for big changes , and both the news and Jane must decide between style and substance .
Written by Scott Renshaw < as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu >
Overlord 2 is the sequel to Codemasters first game Overlord which was met with mixed reviews .
With the sequel expanding on the first , can Overlord 2 excel where the first faltered ?
Or is this destined to be another rental only ?
The story behind Overlord 2 is the original Overlord has been killed and his minions have been scattered .
In the wake of a new powerful empire rising the minions search the land for a new Overlord .
Their searches bring them to Norburg a quiet snowy village .
Here they find an outcast boy that every one makes a fool of .
His nickname is witch boy and his only friend is a young girl .
When the minions discover him they put him to the test to see if he will be the true overlord .
They accompany him in chasing after the boys that made fun of him , and ultimately wreak havoc throughout the town .
He finally finds his way to the Netherworld castle , the place where he will raise his empire .
The controls for Overlord work wonderfully .
As in most games , the left stick moves you and the right stick moves the camera .
The right stick will also move your minions as well .
When you want to move them to an area first hold up on the right stick , and once they start moving you can take them anywhere .
This is a good tactic to take out enemies quickly .
Your other controls are all aimed towards controlling your minions .
R1 is used to select individual classes .
There are four different classes with each class having its own special ability , but more on that in a bit .
Once you select R1 you can let go to select all minions or press one of the face buttons to choose a class .
R2 is used to send your minions in whichever direction you are facing .
Once sent your minions will attack enemies destroy crates and vases , lift statues and generally just cause havoc .
Holding circle will call all minions back no matter what they are doing .
The minions are a gremlin like creature .
They are dumb , yet loyal , and when you need something done they will gladly sacrifice themselves .
Like stated above there are four types of minions that you will have to find to complete your tasks .
The first are the browns , they are your fighters .
They are the toughest and when moved with the right stick and are able to send enemies flying in the air when they collide .
They are also able to ride wolves which give them more speed and allow them jump over wide gaps .
Police said today that dental records confirm the remains found Sunday in Mt. Forest , Ont. , are those of Victoria ' Tori ' Stafford but say they still are n't certain about the cause of death .
The remains were identified after a forensic examination at Toronto 's Centre of Forensic Sciences , Oxford Community Police Chief Rod Freeman said in Woodstock today .
" It will bring some sense of relief to Tara McDonald and Rodney Stafford , " he said at a news conference .
" It also helps in bringing the case to court . "
Tori disappeared on April 8 after leaving her school .
The petite , light - haired 8 - year - old was last seen walking away with an unidentified woman in a white coat .
She would have turned 9 last Wednesday .
Two Woodstock residents , Michael Rafferty , 28 , and Terri - Lynne McClintic , 19 , are charged with abduction and first - degree murder .
Their trials are expected to begin early next year .
OPP Insp. Bill Renton , who led the investigation team , said the cause of death is not yet known and that the forensic examination is still continuing .
No other charges are expected to be laid , he added .
Tori 's parents were told about the identification last night .
OPP Commissioner Julian Fantino , who was also present for the news conference , called it a " very tragic situation . "
Police found Tori 's body in an area that had not been searched but was within the search grid .
The remains , police said , were " consistent with being exposed to the elements for quite some time . "
Talking about the complex nature of the investigation .
Renton said a case like this is always difficult but " we can bring Tori home now and set ourselves the task of preparing for court . "
Yesterday , Rodney Stafford said the grisly discovery brings some closure for his family .
" It 's not the outcome we wanted to find but it is a step forward , " said Stafford .
Rebecca Nichols , Tori 's aunt , said the family had always held out hope that the girl would return safely .
" This is not the ending we were hoping for , " Nichols said .
" But we 're not going to spend a lifetime wondering , looking in every car , in every back seat , through every window and wondering , ` Is Victoria there ? ' "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Investigators will be at the scene again today gathering evidence where Tori 's body was found , near 6th Concession North in Arthur Township .
Police are still looking for the rear seat of a Honda Civic that Rafferty allegedly drove the day Tori went missing .
Eric Bishop , a middle - aged postman working for the Manchester sorting office , is going through a dreadful crisis .
For starters , his second life companion has not resurfaced although she was released from prison a few months ago .
He is left alone with two stepsons to look after , which is no bed of roses since the two teens disrespect him and keep disobeying him .
To make matters worse , Ryan , the older boy , fascinated by Zac , a dangerous gangster , has accepted to hide his gun in Eric 's house .
On the other hand , he is asked by Sam , his student daughter who has a newborn baby , to get back in touch with Lily , his separated wife .
Now , Eric left her not long after she gave back to their daughter .
As a result Eric panics - Having lost all his bearings , Eric Bishop soliloquizes face to the poster of his idol , another Eric , French footballer Eric Cantona , when the latter appears just like the genie out of Aladdin 's lamp .
Through a series of aphorisms peculiar to him , the footballer - philosopher ... Written by Guy Bellinger
Just read the description carefully , or you wo n’t understand )
Look at the flashing small circles in the center of the larger ones .
They flash differently , do n’t they ?
When one is white , the other is black .
Right ?
Well , no .
Click on " Add/ remove surrounds ” and watch how they actually flash .
I did n’t believe it at first .
I even took a screenshot ...
Anyway , they flash at the same time and have the same color when flashing .
[ via shapirolab.net
It seems like everyone has been excited about the recent release of Intel 's second - generation solid state drives ( SSDs ) this week .
I am the proud owner of one of the first - gen models , and the idea that more affordable models will help more people to adopt this technology is just cause for celebration .
It came as quite a shock to me , then , when we were told to hold delivery of the drives to end - users this morning - just before our first shipment came in to the Puget warehouse .
There was a lot of confusion , but it was clear that something was wrong with these first units - enough so that Newegg and other online vendors had also pulled them entirely from their sites .
We too stopped listing them , and began contacting our customers who were expecting us to ship them out this afternoon .
We could n't say much , though , since the details were still sketchy , and nothing was posted publicly online .
After several hours of waiting on Intel 's tech folks I am now pleased to be able to relay to our customers the status of the Intel drives .
There is a defect in the units which causes data corruption if - and only if - a password is set on the drive in the system BIOS ... and then changed or disabled later .
Initially we were told this might require a complete reworking of the drives , and that those we had gotten in were effectively unusable , but Intel was able to work out a firmware fix for the problem .
That wo n't be available immediately , but should be showing up in about two weeks .
In light of this set of circumstances , we are contacting all of our customers who already purchased to let them decide if they want the drives now , with full understanding of the situation , or if they want to wait till we get units with the updated firmware from Intel .
Since few people seem to put BIOS passwords on their hard drives the overwhelming response so far has been to ship them out , but we want to make sure that we work with each of our customers to get them the results that are best suited to their needs .
One other interesting tidbit is that Intel is not going to be shipping more of these until they have the firmware fix , so there will likely be a shortage of the drives for the next couple weeks ( especially depending on how other vendors handle their existing orders ) .
We will continue to sell the stock that we have , though - and any others we can get through suppliers - so that we can meet customer demand and get these high - performance SSDs to the masses !
Exclusive to Buzzflash.com
Damn that Abe Lincoln .
When Louisiana and Mississippi seceded from the Union , a sensible president would have sent them a box of chocolates with a note , “ Goodbye and good riddance . ”
Tonight , following Barack Obama 's budget presentation to Congress , effectively the president 's first State of the Union Address , the Republicans chose to give their party 's response , the governor of the state that wanted to leave the Union , Louisiana 's Bobby Jindal .
Jindal told us that Barack Obama is a terrible President who passed a stimulus bill “ larded with wasteful spending . ”
Where 's the lard ?
All week , Jindal has been screeching that Obama wants to require states like Louisiana to extend unemployment insurance to – get this – the unemployed !
( Technically , the federal government would pay 100 % of the cost of reforming Louisiana 's and Mississippi's Scrooge - sized benefit requirements . )
Jindal , and some other Republican governors , notably Haley Barbour of Mississippi , are actually turning down millions in federal funds for their own state 's unemployed out of fear that , four years from now , they may have to maintain full unemployment insurance like the rest of America .
Barbour 's excuse , parroted by Jindal , is that the Obama payments to the unemployed of their states would mean , when the economy returns to expansion , that their state would have to increase unemployment insurance taxes and payments to the US average , scaring away new employers .
“ I mean , we want more jobs , ” says Barbour .
Um , this is the Governor of MISSISSIPPI talking .
Exactly what new “ jobs ” is he talking about ?
Is Microsoft is based in Gulfport ?
Is Genentech opening its new headquarters in Moss Point ?
As an economist , I can tell you that the only industry Mississippi leads in is deep - fried chicken - dog manufacturing .
I will admit that Louisiana and Mississippi can boast of growing employment at several casinos and cathouses spilling across what the locals charmingly call the “ Coon-ass Riviera . ”
Jindal 's Louisiana is , after all , the state that solved its unemployment problem by sending its unemployed to Texas in FEMA trailers .
And it 's true that Jindal 's and Barbour 's states do lead the nation in a few indicators .
Like poverty : Mississippi has America 's highest poverty rate .
Louisiana is third worst in America .
And how about their commitment to education ?
Louisiana ranks 5th and Mississippi 2nd worst in school kids ' math scores .
As Randy Newman notes about the gulf states ' education policies , “ good ol ' boys … from LSU , went in dumb , come out dumb , too . ”
Jindal himself is a product of a more advanced culture :
His parents are Democrats .
The Jindals are Hindus who come from the Punjab in India , a state known for its welfare safety net .
Jindal , turning away from the successful example of his parents ' politics and culture , has gone native , becoming a born - again Christian Republican who does n't accept Darwinian evolution nor Keynesian economics .
( I hear he may complete his redneck makeover next week by marrying his cousin at a tractor pull . )
For over a century , Louisiana and Mississippi have been trying to attract employers by changing their economy from one based on involuntary servitude to one based on voluntary servitude , selling their citizens to the lowest bidder .
The results are blindingly visible : Mississippi and Louisiana , under the Barbour / Jindal Republican regime , maintain the lowest per-capita incomes in the nation ( 50th and 46th respectively ) .
Mississippi and Louisiana infant mortality rates ( 1st and 3rd in deaths in the USA ) would shame Costa Rica .
Years back , when I worked as an economic consultant to New Orleans , the Louisiana State Legislature was about to require that schools teach evolution as merely a theory equal to the Bible 's literal creation myth .
When asked if this would harm big employers ' views of the state , I said , “ Not at all : most national employers think of Louisiana as a state filled with Bible - thumping , dumb - bell rednecks .
You wo n't have to worry about changing that impression . ”
OK , it 's easy to make jokes about America 's own Third World states .
And before I get a zillion complaints , I 'll be the first one to note that Louisiana has birthed the extraordinary , including the greatest of America 's investigative journalists , the late Ron Ridenhour , jazz , Ruth 's Chris Steakhouse and gris - gris .
And it was Louisiana that long ago led the nation in social reform , whose governor , in 1932 , led the national fight to create a program now known as “ unemployment insurance . ”
Really .
Nevertheless , Jindal 's rejection of funds for his state 's own unemployed simply follows a history of local Republican plantation - mentality cruelty .
After Hurricane Katrina , I met a young man , Stephen Smith , who was stranded with a family on Highway 10 for four days while George Bush photo - strafed him from overhead .
An elderly man with Stephen died of dehydration after giving his grandchildren his last bottle of water .
I investigated the drowning of New Orleans and the “ let 'm drown ” rescue plans of the Bush Administration .
What I found was sickening , heartless and Republican .
Marie Antoinette at least offered cake .
Now , once again , the Republican party , by making Jindal the party 's official spokesman , is adopting the Barbour - ous refusal to reach out a saving hand to Americans drowning in this economy .
So , let me make a suggestion for Governors Jindal and Barbour .
If you cannot join America in accepting our President 's call to arms against disaster , if you reject our President 's State of the Union – then leave the Union .
As the prescient Phil Ochs sang ,
And here 's to the government of Mississippi
In the swamp of their bureaucracy they 're always bogging down
And the speeches of the governor are the ravings of a clown
Oh , here 's to the land you 've torn out the heart of
Mississippi find yourself another country to be part of
Amen .
*************
Greg Palast 's investigative reports can be seen on BBC Television Newsnight .
Palast , author of the New York Times bestsellers Armed Madhouse and The Best Democracy Money Can Buy , is a Nation Institute / Puffin Foundation Writing Fellow for investigative reporting .
Big Easy to Big Empty is available on DVD at the Palast Investigative Fund website .
This story appears in the July 13 issue of ESPN The Magazine .
It 's March 3 , 2008 , a brilliant day in Santa Barbara .
But for Eric Frimpong , it feels like hell .
He 's in Superior Court , encircled by sheriff 's deputies , making one more trip to the Department 2 courtroom .
This is his last stop on the outside for a while , a painful reminder of how far he has fallen .
He left his native Ghana in 2005 to play soccer for UC Santa Barbara ; a year later he became a campus hero while leading the Gauchos to their first - ever national championship .
If the immigrant experience can have a sound , Frimpong 's sound was a raucous stadium .
But in 2007 , just weeks after being selected by the Kansas City Wizards in the MLS draft , he was accused of raping another student on the beach near his house .
Now he 's a convicted felon .
Frimpong enters the courtroom , which is packed with students and parents , former teammates and coaches -- row upon row of supporters .
They 've come for the sentencing that concludes a trial that has rocked this community : People v. Eric Frimpong .
Or more accurately , People v. Eric Frimpong and His People .
A victim's advocate reads a statement on behalf of the accuser , referred to in this story and in news coverage throughout the trial as Jane Doe .
" I do n't care that he 's a soccer star …and I 'm a nobody , " the statement says .
" Eric Frimpong ruined my life . "
There 's a rumble in the gallery .
If his supporters could chime in now , they 'd say that the kid in the prison garb has never spoken an unkind word or acted aggressively toward anyone .
They would remind the court of the points made at trial : that his accuser was a woman with little memory of what happened that night because of a near - toxic blood alcohol level ; that Frimpong 's DNA was n't found on the victim ; that semen found on her underwear belonged to a jealous boyfriend , a white student who was never a suspect .
They would argue that overzealous law enforcement was determined to nail a high - profile athlete , facts be damned , and that this was the Duke lacrosse case all over again -- except that the defendants in the Duke case were white men from affluent families with the means to navigate America 's justice system , unlike Frimpong , who is poor and an immigrant .
Judge Brian Hill , citing Frimpong 's clean record and " a lot of community support , " delivers his sentence : six years in state prison .
As Frimpong is led away , many people in the gallery are crying .
Out in the hall , Paul and Loni Monahan stand solemnly while the courtroom empties .
Their son , Pat , was Frimpong 's teammate , and the Monahans -- a white , middle - class family -- had ­embraced " Frimmer " like a son and a brother .
Loni distributes copies of a printed statement : " We will continue to fight for Eric .
We will not rest until he is exonerated and the ugly truth of his wrongful prosecution and conviction comes out . "
When the leaflets are gone , she leans against a wall , tears flowing .
" Eric believed in our system , " she says .
" He believed justice would prevail . "
Then she straightens .
" Before I was sad , " she says .
" Now I 'm mad . "
Something good happened in Santa Barbara .
Even now , as Frimpong sits behind a glass partition in the visitors ' room of a California jail , he smiles easily while talking about where he 's come from and what he has achieved .
The way he sees it , he has always been fortunate .
Back in Ghana , in western Africa , he and his three younger siblings were raised by their mother , Mary , in the poor farming community of Abesin , but her job as a typist with the government forestry department allowed the family to have plumbing and electricity , unlike many of their neighbors .
Eric was an engineering major and a midfielder for Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology , in Kumasi , when he caught the eye of UCSB assistant Leo Chappel , who attended a 2005 match to scout the son of a Ghanian pro but ended up offering a scholarship to Frimpong instead .
The first words out of Frimpong 's mouth ?
Thank God .
The next : What 's UCSB ?
By that August , the Gauchos had a crafty midfielder with intangibles to burn .
Frimpong 's intelligence , instinct and vision , along with his speed and touch , made him an on - the - ball force .
He also had a winning personality .
" Frimmer was very humble and considerate , on and off the field , " says head coach Tim Vom Steeg .
As a senior the next year , the 5 ' 6 " Frimpong developed a reputation as a lockdown defender in leading the unseeded Big West champs to a string of improbable NCAA tournament wins .
When the final whistle blew on the 2006 national championship game , the Cinderella Gauchos had defeated four - time king UCLA .
Frimpong earned All - Big West honors , a spot in the MLS supplemental draft and the gratitude of his peers .
" He was the heart and soul of the team , " says Pat Monahan .
" Eric won us that championship . "
Everyone around Frimpong was buoyed by his success : his mother , friends and classmates , prominent locals who had helped him out along the way with invites to dinner , rides to the store and , when he struggled with homesickness during his junior year , a fund - raiser that yielded $ 3,000 for a ticket to Ghana .
" We all tried to pitch in , because Eric 's so darn likable , " says Tim Foley , a booster who made Frimpong a regular guest at his family 's home .
" He was an American success story . "
The Monahans were especially proud .
Frimpong had met his " American parents " on move - in day in 2005 , and they promptly invited him to spend Thanksgiving in San Diego .
They gave him his first cell phone and laptop and took him on family vacations .
They sat in their kitchen for hours listening to his stories about Ghana .
They were also impressed by his knowledge of the Bible , and his quiet spirituality helped bolster their own faith .
" He was going to graduate , play professionally , make more money here than he ever could in Ghana and bring it back to support his family , " Loni says .
" Eric really had it all . "
With the support of friends , including girlfriend Prieto ( far right ) , Frimpong stayed in school after the incident and graduated .
Something bad happened in Santa Barbara .
On Feb. 17 , 2007 , sometime after midnight on a fast - eroding bluff of beach right below 6547 Del Playa Drive , Jane Doe was raped .
She said Eric Frimpong did it , and an all - white jury agreed .
But the nature of the case , and some of the more slippery details surrounding it , has divided the community , raising questions about the reliability of the victim 's memory , the true character of the accused , the motives and tactics of law enforcement , even the fairness of the justice system .
Amid all the controversy , though , two simple truths remain : A young woman was victimized , and a young man 's dream was shattered .
UCSB is among the nation 's top party schools , and oceanfront Del Playa is the belly of the beast .
Even a model student - athlete like Frimpong , who maintained a 3.0 GPA while working on a double major in applied mathematics and business economics , found it hard to skip the party entirely .
After the Gauchos won it all , they were the toast of the town , especially Frimmer .
As Pat Monahan puts it , " You 'd walk into apartments and see Ghanian flags hanging over people 's beds . "
Frimpong 's journey from soccer hero to convicted felon began a little more than halfway through his senior year .
( The account that follows is based on police reports , interview transcripts , court proceedings and comments from trial observers . )
The night of Feb. 16 began for Frimpong in the same place where he started most Friday nights , on the couch in his house at 6547 Del Playa Drive , watching a movie with housemates .
His girlfriend , Yesenia Prieto , was working late , but Eric had reason to celebrate , fresh off an impressive 10 - day tryout for the Wizards , so he showered and went to meet friends at a party at 6681 Del Playa Drive .
It was outside that home , at about 11:30 p.m. , that Frimpong met Jane Doe , a UCSB freshman .
They struck up a conversation , then walked back to his house to play beer pong .
They arrived just before midnight , and Eric introduced Jane to his roommates before taking her to the patio , where the two of them played beer pong for a few minutes until , according to Frimpong , Doe said she wanted to smoke , so they headed for the park next door .
At the park , he says , Doe approached another male , who appeared to have followed them .
When she walked back to Frimpong , she started kissing him , but he was n't interested because she smelled of cigarettes .
Doe became aggressive , he says , and stuck her hand down his pants .
He pushed her away , then headed to the home of his friend , Krystal Giang , who 'd been expecting him .
By 4 a.m. , he was in bed at Prieto 's apartment .
About an hour and a half earlier , Jane Doe , accompanied by her sister and two friends , checked into Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital emergency clinic , claiming she had been raped .
She was transferred to the Sexual Assault Response center downtown , where a nurse discovered a laceration to Doe 's external genitalia and bruises on her body , findings consistent with sexual assault .
" Yesterday was a really good day , " Doe told sheriff 's detectives Daniel Kies and Michael Scherbarth when they arrived at her dorm room the next morning , according to a police transcript .
The reason for cheer :
The 18 - year - old Doe had just regained her driver 's license following a juvenile DUI conviction .
At around 9 p.m. on Feb. 16 , she went to a party with her sister , Elizabeth , and friends Mia Wolfson and Lakshmi Krishna .
After stopping at a second party , Doe left the group and headed for a fraternity bash on Del Playa .
" That 's where I saw the guy , " she told police .
From there , Doe 's story is mostly consistent with Frimpong 's , up to and including their game of beer pong .
" He was really nice , " she said .
But their accounts differ sharply after that .
According to Doe , the next thing she remembers is being on the beach , where the nice guy turned violent , knocking her to the ground , striking her in the face , holding her throat and raping her before fleeing .
Having lost her purse , Doe walked to Del Playa , where she stopped a passerby , student Justin Hannah .
Using his cell , she phoned a friend , her father and then Wolfson and Krishna , who picked her up around 1:30 a.m .
Doe , who admitted to drinking heavily throughout the evening , could n't remember anything between stepping into their car and going to the hospital -- a period of one hour -- but her friends would fill in the blanks :
At first Doe did n't want to go to the hospital because she was worried about getting in trouble for drinking .
But back at the dorm , her friends kept urging , and she relented .
Sitting with the detectives that morning , she described her attacker as a black male who spoke with an " island accent " and had " big lips " and short hair .
His name ?
" Eric , I think . "
Sometime around noon on Feb. 17 , Kies and Scherbarth spotted Frimpong hanging out with friends at the park on Del Playa .
When Kies asked if he would accompany them to the station to talk about " what happened last night , " Frimpong agreed to go , despite being unsure what the detective meant .
Once at the station , Kies reminded Frimpong that he had come voluntarily and asked him to describe what he'd been doing the previous night .
According to the police transcript , Frimpong told Kies about watching a movie at home , then going to a party and eventually meeting Doe , whom he described as one of the " random soccer fans , " and playing beer pong with her before heading to Giang 's house and later to Prieto's .
Kies then asked for Frimpong 's consent to collect the clothes he'd worn the night before .
" Yeah , " Frimpong responded , " but I still do n't know what 's going on . "
Kies explained that the girl said that they'd " had sex " on the beach .
" Wow , " Frimpong responded .
Kies then informed Frimpong that he was being detained and read him his rights .
Minutes later , he explained the rape accusation .
" I did n't have sex with her , " Frimpong insisted .
Charged with felony rape , he phoned Paul Monahan , who spread the word .
Vom Steeg could n't believe it : " I 'm thinking , Frimpong ?
Rape ?
No way . "
( The coach later asked Frimpong directly .
" I said , ' Eric , is there any chance you had sex but you thought maybe it was consensual ? '
He said , ' Tim , I never pulled my pants down . '
I said , ' If you did this , DNA will prove it . '
He said , ' Coach , I 'm not stupid . ' " )
The ugly truth about one night stands
-end -
Men are far more interested in casual sex than women .
While men need to be exceptionally attractive to tempt women to consider casual sex , men are far less choosy .
These findings ( 1 ) by Dr Achim Schützwohl , from the Department of Psychology at Brunel University in the UK , and his team are published online in Springer 's journal
The research shows that men are more likely than women to report having had casual sex and they express a greater desire for it than do women .
It is also thought that women but not men raise their standards of attractiveness for a casual sex partner .
Dr Schützwohl and his colleagues looked at the influence of an imagined requestor 's physical attractiveness on men's and women 's willingness to accept three distinct offers : go out , go to their apartment and go to bed with them .
A total of 427 male and 433 female students from the US , Germany and Italy answered a questionnaire .
They were asked to imagine being approached by a member of the opposite sex , described as either " slightly unattractive " , " moderately attractive " or " exceptionally attractive " .
They then rated how likely they would be to accept each of the three offers .
The authors found that the requestor 's looks affected men and women differently .
Across all three levels of requestor attractiveness , men were more likely to go out , go to their apartment and go to bed with them than were women .
German men were less likely to go out with the requestor and go to their apartment than American and Italian men .
Italian men were more likely to go to bed with the requestor than were American men .
German men were even less likely than American men to go to bed with the requestor .
These differences highlight cultural differences in sexual morals and preferences .
For each of the three offers , men were more likely to accept when the hypothetical woman was moderately or exceptionally attractive than when she was slightly unattractive , but whether she was moderately or exceptionally attractive made no difference .
Women however placed more importance on the requestor 's good looks .
They were more likely to accept the apartment and bed requests from an exceptionally attractive man than from either a moderately attractive or slightly unattractive man .
The authors conclude : " While men are not entirely insensitive to their requestor 's attractiveness , women have higher standards and are more likely to engage in casual sex with an exceptionally attractive man than with a less attractive man .
" Reference1 . Schützwohl A et al ( 2009 ) .
How willing are you to accept sexual requests from slightly unattractive to exceptionally attractive imagined requestors ? ; DOI 10.1007/s12110-009-9067-3
The full - text article is available to journalists as a pdf .
Contact : Renate Bayaz , Springer , tel +49-6221-487-8531 , renate.bayaz@springer.com
Springer
The New York Times reports that the Chrysler brinkmanship continues , with some small hedge funds acting as pigs in the hope of extracting yet more concessions from the government , as the bankruptcy deadline looms .
The reason the funds can play such hardball is that the Administration does not want to BK Chrysler .
Despite all the cheery assertions of a speedy bankruptcy , there is no assurance that would indeed come to pass .
Even in prepaks , where the creditors have a an arrangement they want a judge to bless .
the process can become protracted .
And a Chapter 11 filing with no creditor deal runs the risk of loss of customers as uncertainty hangs over the manufacturer , and a Chapter 11 could morph into a liquidation , with not only big job losses , but damage to significant suppliers who in turn may fail , causing problems for other US automakers and transplants ..
The latest update on the negotiations from the New York Times :
Last - minute efforts by the Treasury Department to win over recalcitrant Chrysler debtholders failed Wednesday night , setting up a near - certain bankruptcy filing by the American automaker , according to people briefed on the talks .
Barring an agreement , which looked increasingly difficult , Chrysler was expected to seek Chapter 11 protection on Thursday , most likely in New York , these people said .
The automaker , which is in talks with the Italian automaker Fiat , would file for bankruptcy first .
It subsequently would present an agreement with Fiat to the court for approval , possibly on Monday , these people said .
They requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak for the government .
A bankruptcy filing by Chrysler would be the first by one of Detroit ’s three auto companies amid a devastating slump , and could serve as a preview of what a filing by General Motors might look like .
G.M. , which like Chrysler received federal assistance last year , faces a June 1 deadline for its own restructuring .
To win over several hedge funds , which have been holding out for better terms , the Treasury increased its cash offer to holders of Chrysler ’s secured debt by $ 250 million , to $ 2.25 billion , these people said .
If all of the secured holders would agree to the new deal , which would give them the cash in exchange for retiring about $ 6.9 billion of debt , Chrysler would still have a chance of restructuring out of bankruptcy court .
Several investment funds , however , continued to reject the Treasury ’s sweetened offer at a vote of the lenders on Wednesday evening , people familiar with the talks said … .
The Obama administration is adamant that every lender participate in the debt swap , according to people close to the talks .
One reason is that the deal would face legal challenges .
The Wall Street Journal also sees a Chapter 11 filing as “ imminent “
Talks between the Treasury Department and lenders aimed at keeping Chrysler LLC out of bankruptcy broke down Wednesday , making it all but certain the car maker will file for Chapter 11 protection Thursday , according to people familiar with the discussions .
Administration officials , who have been braced for a Chrysler bankruptcy filing for weeks , say all the pieces are in place to get the company through the court quickly , perhaps in a matter of weeks .
The talks with Chrysler ’s lenders broke down after the Obama administration ’s automotive task force worked into the evening to persuade several hedge funds and other lenders to accept a deal to reduce Chrysler ’s debt , said people involved in the talks .
The Treasury boosted its most recent offer to lenders on Wednesday by $ 250 million to $ 2.25 billion in cash for the banks and hedge funds to forgive $ 6.9 billion in Chrysler debt , people familiar with the matter said .
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. , which leads the creditor group as Chrysler ’s largest lender , gave the other 45 banks and hedge funds 90 minutes Wednesday to vote on the deal .
A large number of the funds voted no and refused to budge , paving the way for an all but unavoidable trip to bankruptcy court , said people close to the talks .
How can the Administration spew such rubbish ?
Bankruptcies go quickly in the courthouse ONLY if there is a pre-negotiated deal with creditors .
With no agreement , the fight with the lenders will continue in court .
James Kwak parsed the Administration ’s dilemma :
I ’ve been writing a lot about the game of chicken recently , most often in connection with the GM and Chrysler bailouts .
On the Chrysler front , the game is in its last hours .
Even after a consortium of large banks agreed to the proposed debt - for - equity swap , some smaller hedge funds are holding out for more money , and even the extra $ 250 million that Treasury agreed to kick in seems unlikely to keep Chrysler out of bankruptcy .
The problem is that bankruptcy is the only weapon Chrysler and Treasury have in this fight , and it ’s a strategic nuclear weapon .
Bankruptcy is the only threat that can get the bondholders to agree to a swap ; but because a bankruptcy carries some risk of destroying Chrysler ( because control will lie in the hands of a bankruptcy judge – not Chrysler , Treasury , the UAW , or Fiat ) , and taking hundreds of thousands of jobs with it , everyone knows that Treasury would prefer not to use it .
The bondholders are betting that they can use Treasury ’s fear of a bankruptcy to extract better terms at the last minute .
( And it ’s even possible that the large banks agreed to the swap knowing they could count on the smaller , less politically exposed hedge funds to veto it . )
But Treasury may still press the button , because it needs to make a statement in advance of the bigger GM confrontation scheduled for a month from now .
So Treasury cannot win ,
If it calls the banks ’ bluff , it risks a slow motion Lehman .
The Times says “ people briefed at the negotiation ” believe Chrysler would emerge from Chapter 11 .
But bankruptcy , like war , has uncertain outcomes , and no automaker has emerged from bankruptcy ( they have either been liquidated or sold in pieces or entirety ) .
Note Lehman was not rescued for essentially political reasons , that it was time to draw the line and show that there were indeed consequences for mismanagement .
Here , again , some scalps ned to be harvested , since the banks are now completely out of hand in the utter shamelessness of their extortion .
Kwak details their intransigence on other fronts in his post .
Revenge for behavior is often served cold .
Recall Bear Stearns ’ refusal to participate in the LTCM bailout created Ill will that caught up with it a decade later .
But that ’s no remedy in real time , when this rent seeking is taking place .
In the bad old days , you might have seen extra-legal measures .
J , Edgar Hoover , then head of the FBI , was known to have dirt on pretty much anyone of consequence .
People who take noisy political stands seem more subject than the average Joe to highly intrusive and costly IRS audits ; uncooperative hedgies would seem ideal targets for that sort of harassment , and double goes for any entities that are subject to US regulations .
But I am concerned this behavior is setting the stage for another sort of extra-legal measure : violence .
I have been amazed at the vitriol directed at the banking classes .
Suggestions for punishment have included the guillotine ( frequent ) , hanging , pitchforks , even burning at the stake .
Tar and feathering appears inadequate , and stoning has n’t yet surfaced as an idea .
And mind you , my readership is educated , older , typically well off ( even if less so than three years ago ) .
The fuse has to be shorter where the suffering is more acute
But the banksters are eagerly , shamelessly , and openly harvesting their pound of flesh from financially stressed average taxpayers , and setting off a chain reaction in the auto industry which has the very real risk of creating even larger scale unemployment than the economy already faces .
It ’s reckless , utterly irresponsible , over - the - top greed .
And there is a tipping point , which I sense is closer than most imagine .
Nassim Nicholas
Taleb points out that thirteen centuries of peaceful ethnic coexistence in Lebanon exploded overnight into brutal , completely unexpected civil war .
Everyone assumes America is too complacent for class warfare in the literal sense to erupt .
The way the banksters are demanding to be disciplined , that assumption may prove naive .
The dominant view of the origin of oil amongst western oil companies until 1969 was that it was due to the decay of living matter .
Now other views are making themselves heard .
To try and resolve the issue whether oil is biogenic ( derived from living matter ) or abiogenic ( built up from primordial matter and therefore not from living matter ) a Hedberg Conference recently took place .
The issue was not resolved .
This suggests that a third alternative is needed , especially as neither model fits into a young - earth scenario .
The purpose of this paper is to discuss those naturalistic models , show that there are severe problems with both models , and offer a robust alternative which respects the geochemistry of oil , the known geology of rocks involved in the process , the Creator ’s power , and the geological events surrounding the Noachian Flood .
I have called it the “ theobaric ” model , meaning made by God .
The oil existed in pristine state before the Flood , and moved during the Flood into the reservoirs where we now find it .
This has interesting implications for Christian apologetics and the choice of Flood models .
Keywords : Oil , Origin , Migration , Faults , Provenance , Catagenesis , Diagenesis , Fluid Inclusions
Introduction
The purpose of this paper is to discuss the origin of oil and gas , collectively called petroleum because they are found in rock ( petros ) .
There are two models competing for attention in the secular world .
The best known is that where living matter is assumed to decay and form oil — hence the name “ fossil fuel . ”
The other model is that of an abiogenic origin — meaning that oil is directly produced from primordial matter .
Because of the interest in the topic , a recent Hedberg Conference turned its attention to the topic , and a summary paper has now been produced ( Katz , Mancini , and Kitchka 2008 ) .
The conference could not resolve the dilemma —
“ Which of the models is correct ? ” .
Both models contain subjective assumptions , and so the answer may be neither model is correct , and that a third model is required to cope with all the known data .
All three options are explored in this paper .
The science is not particularly difficult .
A basic knowledge of geology , a little physics , and some chemistry will suffice .
The real problem for most readers will be the mental ascent needed to reject a naturalistic explanation for the origin of oil and replacing it with a biblical one , when for so long we have only heard about naturalistic models .
Units
The oil industry uses units that are not consistently imperial nor metric .
Where I am quoting from a particular report I have used the units that the authors of that report have used .
To one figure precision , 3 feet equals 1 meter , 5,000 feet equals 1 mile , 1 barrel equals 6 cubic feet .
For further details , see Bradley ( 1984 ) .
The two current models
In the last 80 years , it has become almost universally accepted in western countries that oil and natural gas have a biological origin ( Gold 1987 , p. 2 ) .
Although Gold does not believe this explanation he lists the factors that favour that assumption1 :
Hydrocarbons ( a dominant part of petroleum ) are clearly identified as break - down products of organic molecules from plants .
Hydrocarbons show optical activity .
They rotate plane - polarized light indicating left - handed molecules are preponderant as found in living organisms .
Hydrocarbons show preference for odd - numbered alkanes ( which is considered to be a feature of “ organic oil ” ) .
Hydrocarbons are found in sedimentary rocks rather than primary rocks .
Gold then lists the reasons why oil should be considered to be of an abiogenic origin ( meaning that the precursors are not biological in any shape or form ) .
However , he is not excluding the possibility that minor fractions of oil have a biological origin .
He , like the author of this paper , is principally concerned with explaining the origin of the bulk of oil .
His list is : Hydrocarbons are found in the line of arcs which are deep - seated crustal structural features .
Hydrocarbon areas tend to be rich at many depths .
Deep hydrocarbons show no biological evidence ( for example , optical activity or disparity between the even - and odd - numbered alkanes ) .
Methane is found where a biological origin is not probable .
There is no link between the hydrocarbon characteristics across different areas of the world with the geological column .
There is associated helium ( up to 10 % in some U. S. reservoirs ) alongside the hydrocarbons .
Whilst Gold does not list them , there are additional points that contradict the standard “ fossil fuel ” model , viz : Many gas reservoirs , particularly in Germany , contain considerably in excess of 50 % nitrogen ( Barnard and Cooper 1983 ) , which is nonbiological .
Other reservoirs in the U. S. contain consistent ratios of helium and nitrogen ( Osborne 1986 ) which are also non-biological .
There are also many Russian dry gas reservoirs which not only contain 20 % nitrogen , but also 30 % hydrogen ( Smith et al 2005 ) .
There are also the thorny issues of mercury , vanadium and chromium within oils .
Though they are present in North Sea oils , they are at relatively lower concentrations compared with world oil .
These heavy metals are poisonous to life , but their presence calls into question both models for the origin of oil .
Why have we not settled on one of the naturalistic models ?
There are three possible reasons why scientists and engineers may not have settled on one of the naturalistic models :
It does not matter to many people .
An individual can fill up with fuel at a garage , or turn on the central heating ( oil or gas ) , and not even think about where the petroleum products came from .
Even within the oil industry , engineers can work on a reservoir to extract all the oil and gas possible , and still not ask the question — how did they get into the reservoir ?
Admittedly , the regulatory bodies in the United Kingdom will have required oil companies to show , as a particular reservoir approaches exhaustion , that there was no other oil and gas within the region that could be extracted by their wells and other equipment .
Only then would they have permission to abandon the project .
To some extent , this requirement is driven by Gold ’s point 6 .
Positions about the origin of oil are deeply entrenched .
Careers and reputations are at stake .
It took a lot of effort to get the two opposing sides to meet at the Hedberg Conference ( it was postponed several times [ Katz , Mancini , and Kitchka 2008 ] ) .
Some people changed their minds about the origin of oil during the conference , but there was no significant movement to one choice or the other .
Not surprisingly , “ Little common ground was found between the two models . ”
Those who supported the biogenic model criticized the abiogenic model because it did not make any useful predictions about volumes and locations of oil .
Those who supported the abiogenic model complained that the paradigm that oil is biogenic is “ a scientifically vulnerable template acting like a tax on out - of - the - box thinking . ”
While the reader may not be familiar with the detailed science in Gold ’s list or read all the Hedberg Conference papers , it is obvious that neither model may be a robust explanation for the origin of oil .
To investigate the topic we start with a consideration of what oil is , and the nature of the reservoirs where oil is found , before examining the details of the individual models .
Finally , we shall offer an alternative to those two naturalistic models ( meaning that they are set in a secular framework ) which meets scientific and biblical requirements .
It thereby has the potential to become a positive force in evangelism .
Most of the examples on which the thesis of this paper is based will come from the North Sea and the wide range of reservoirs on the United Kingdom , Norwegian and Danish portions ( Glennie 1998 ) .
This is because in a 31 - year career in the upstream oil industry the author became intimately familiar with many of these reservoirs ( see , for example , Fayers , Hawes , and Matthews 1981 ; Matthews , Carter , and Dake 1992 ; Matthews , Carter , and Zimmerman 2008 ) and the people who have studied them .
However , there is no indication that any of the conclusions drawn from the North Sea are not appropriate to all other parts of the world .
The first task is , however , to remind ourselves of how we use facts to support particular hypotheses .
Necessary and sufficient conditions
To support a particular hypothesis regarding the origin of oil we need a number of facts .
However , these facts may not be sufficient to support an individual hypothesis .
Consider the syllogism of Socrates ( Chilingar et al 2005 ) .
The two facts , Socrates is a man , and all men are mortal , allows us to infer that Socrates is mortal .
However , if we state that Socrates is mortal , and Socrates is a man , we cannot infer that all men are mortal from the available evidence .
The premises are necessary , but not sufficient , to show that all men are mortal .
To take a particular point about the origin of oil , the literature abounds with comments that certain oils contain biological markers .
In reality , this statement is already an inference .
We have taken a fact ( that oils contain molecules that can be generated in the laboratory from biological material ) and made two assumptions .
The first is that the molecules in the sample of oil tested had a biological origin .
The second assumption is an even bigger step — that all oil molecules had a biological origin .
Circular reasoning is another problem that so easily creeps into scientific discussions .
Examples will be discussed below .
The Nature of Oil and Gas
Crude oil is a natural multicomponent mixture ( Chilingar et al 2005 ) .
The bulk of oil and natural gas consist of a numerically ordered sequence of hydrocarbons , which are molecules of hydrogen ( H ) and carbon ( C ) only .
For convenience , it is typical for the hydrocarbons with N atoms of carbon to be written as CN .
The names and brief properties of the smaller molecules are listed in Table 1 .
Alkane number Name Properties 1 Methane Natural gas 2 Ethane Natural gas 3 Propane Gas , though liquid under moderate pressure 4 Butane Gas , though liquid under light pressure .
5 Pentane Liquid 6 Hexane Liquid
Oil and natural gas are found together without exception , though the proportions differ .
See Table 2 for a typical industry classification .
The contents of one reservoir may be dominated by natural gas , with only a fraction of one percent being liquid oil .
These reservoirs may be referred to as dry - gas reservoirs ( type 1 ) .
Examples include the giant Groningen gas field and the gas fields in the southern North Sea basin ( Glennie 1998 ) .
The contents of other reservoirs may be dominated by oil ( type 4 onwards ) , with perhaps only a few percent ( by weight ) being natural gas .
Type number Type name Main composition range Comments 1 Dry gas C1 Methane ≥ 95 % 2 Wet gas C1–C4 Methane ≤ 95 % 3 Gas condensate C1–C20 4 Light oil C1–C25 Most North Sea production 5 Mid-gravity crude C1–C35 6 Intermediate C1–C35 7
Heavy oil Unresolved complex mixture
The hydrocarbons from a reservoir consist mainly of a special group of hydrocarbons called the alkanes .
On occasions , though not typically from the North Sea , the produced fluid will contain carbon dioxide , hydrogen sulfide , helium , hydrogen , and nitrogen .
Putting a light North Sea oil into a gas chromatograph yields the result shown in Fig. 1 for the relative amounts of each alkane .
2
Very small quantities of nitrogen , and in specific cases mentioned below , larger quantities of carbon dioxide , will also be present , but these are specific to particular areas of the North Sea ( for example , Brae , see later ) .
The nth alkane has the formula C n H 2n + 2 .
Some are straight - chained ( the normal alkanes ) .
Others are branched ( the iso - forms ) , with the lightest alkane that betrays this behavior being butane .
In consequence they have slightly different thermodynamic properties ( such as boiling point ) .
Molecules such as alcohols and carbohydrates , though having a preponderance of carbon and hydrogen atoms , are not found in measurable quantities in reservoir hydrocarbons .
The four lowest alkanes are removed at the reservoir production site , and sold as natural gas , or natural gas liquids ( NGLs ) .
The remainder , referred to as stock tank oil , to distinguish it from the fluid that emerges from the reservoir , is sent to the refinery .
In a refinery , further separation occurs .
Alkanes 6 to 10 typically form petrol ( gasoline ) , alkanes 14 to 18 form diesel fuel , and alkanes 26 onwards form lubricating oil ( Krauskopf and Bird 1995 ) .
The boundaries and purity are not precise .
For example , in summer the refinery will include slightly higher alkanes in its petrol than in winter , because the variations in air temperatures cause changes to the optimum volatility .
Other components of natural oil may include the benzenes , waxes , and the asphaltenes .
The Nature of Petroleum Reservoirs
Oil and gas reservoirs consist of a volume of porous rock ( typically one to three miles beneath the ground surface ) .
Fluids occupy the spaces between the grains of sand , limestone and / or chalk .
3
Within the pore space there will be oil , gas , and water .
Since oil is much lighter than water , there must be some means of retaining the oil in the reservoir .
A typical oil reservoir maybe anticlinally shaped .
The oil is prevented from rising out of the reservoir by an impervious cap rock .
Oil is prevented from moving out of the reservoir sideways either by the shape of the anticline or some other impervious rock .
Maureen is an example of an anticlinal reservoir which will be discussed later — see Fig. 2 .
Except for a few specific reservoirs , all the evidence points to oil having been generated elsewhere .
Consider the assumption of oil being derived from the decay of biological matter .
This biological matter initially resides in another rock formation ( the source rock ) and the oil generated in those source rocks later flows into the reservoirs where we now find the oil .
In the case where oil is assumed to have an abiogenic origin , the oil is generated at depth and rises through the rock sequence in order to enter its present resting place .
The individual parts of a typical reservoir
To understand the origin of oil ( and gas ) we need , as a minimum , to have a model of the origin of the host reservoirs .
It is insufficient to have a model which may be able to explain the origin of the molecules that comprise oil , if that same model fails to explain how the molecules moved from the positions in the rocks where they were created ( the source rocks or the depths of the earth ) into the reservoirs where we now find them .
The sufficiency conditions are not met .
This is not the place to discuss the dating of rocks , but we have to respect the fact that radioactive decay rates have fallen during earth history ( DeYoung 2005 ) and to that extent reservoirs are probably around 4,000 – 6,000 years old , rather than millions of years old .
It is not foundational to the development of a new model for the origin of oil that the rocks are less than 6,000 years old , but as we explore the known facts about oil , we have to review the timescales under which oil and gas have moved within the rocks .
The place to start is with a detailed discussion of the individual components of a reservoir .
The rock grains
The sandstone rock grains that make up the reservoir are assumed to have come from erosion and weathering of topographic highs over a period of millions of years .
It would appear that the required massive amounts of weathering cannot be completed in 6,000 years , which is a typical estimate of the age of the earth based on biblical chronologies .
Of course , there could have been huge amounts of sediments on the pre-Flood ocean floor , put there when the land was raised by God on creation day 3 causing the original globe - encircling waters to be drained off into the ocean basins .
Estimates of the time to weather 1 mm of fresh rock to kaolinitic saprolite are at least 20 years ( Krauskopf and Bird , 1995 , p. 326 ) .
Now while that may suggest that the earth is millions of years old , if sediments are the product of weathering , then the problem is that of explaining how , during the long periods of weathering of the metamorphic rock to sandstone and clays , the substances have not become intimately mixed in rivers , lakes , and on the sea bed .
Typical attempts to reconstruct reservoir history ( paleo- reconstruction ) is a near - impossible forensic problem .
Apart from vague mentioning of topographic highs , the literature contains very little in the way of useful suggestions in a uniformitarian sense .
Furthermore , there seems to be a contradiction with this idea .
The slumping in Maureen ( see later ) and the water - escape features in Magnus ( see later ) point to rapid deposition , possibly as short as a few minutes .
The history of the rock grains .
As grains of rock are deposited , they may be compacted by the weight of the overburden .
Additionally , the water surrounding individual grains will rise in pressure , and some of the rock grain material will therefore be taken into solution .
That material will be re-deposited either elsewhere or back on the same grains in a crystalline form should there be inversion of the formation .
( There is plenty of evidence of inversion of oil reservoirs . )
The net effect is that the rock grains we now find in a reservoir are not the same , chemically or morphologically , as those at deposition .
They may also be clay overgrowths and / or fluid inclusions , all of which help to unravel the history of the rock and the fluids that were once in the reservoir but are no longer there .
Compaction and oil - emplacement .
In some reservoirs , compaction of the rock grains has not been fully achieved , even though such reservoirs are many miles below the surface .
This means that the rock grains are not fully supporting the formations above .
Part of that support comes from enhanced fluid pressures .
Wilson ( 2005 ) has pointed out the oil must have entered many types of reservoirs while the reservoirs were at a shallow depth , at which point there is only partial compaction .
4
This causes him a problem , since the oil must leave the source rock5 early in its supposed process of catagenesis ( see later ) .
His listed examples include the Ekofisk reservoir ( see later ) , but there is similarity with the Brae and Miller complex listed later .
We will return to the topic under the heading of “ secondary migration ” ( see later ) .
Quartz overgrowths .
Much work has been carried out by the oil industry on explaining quartz overgrowths on rock grains within reservoirs .
Jourdan et al ( 1987 ) have pointed out that the evidence of quartz overgrowths indicates that SiO 2 rich fluids were at temperatures of 120 – 140 °C , and the rock was at shallow depth .
6
Fluid inclusions and fluid history .
One result of the growth of original rock grains is that the growths can trap small quantities of water , gas , and oil .
These can be used as diagnostic tools for understanding the fluids that have passed through the reservoir ( see Krauskopf and Bird 1995 , p. 508 for a general introduction ) .
For a reservoir specific example , see Karlsen et al 2004 , from which Fig. 3 was taken .
Cap rock
The cap rock is what is there to prevent the petroleum from escaping to surface .
Anything impervious will retain the oil and gas , at least over short periods of time .
Mudstone , clays , and evaporites are satisfactory in this sense .
In traditional models of the origin of oil , the cap rock is considered to be in position as an impervious layer before the oil enters the reservoir .
Otherwise it will leak .
Why then , in many examples , does the cap rock contain hydrocarbons ?
If we adopt the model that oil is generated in the source rocks , then because the Kimmeridge Clay is the source rock for the South Brae field , then the Clay is both source and cap rock .
That , of course , begs the question as to how the oil was ejected downwards against gravity , when we would expect it to be easier to move the oil upwards into the next formation .
Møller - Pedersen and Koestler ( 1997 ) have edited a major study on the integrity of cap rocks .
Kettel ( 1997 , p. 175 ) is puzzled why there is twice as much methane in the salt - seal cap rock of a reservoir as in the reservoir .
In his view it has to be diffusion , because he is unwilling to countenance the mechanisms that occurred during the Flood .
The gas - chimney over the Ekofisk reservoir is a consequence of fracturing of a whole series of rocks over the reservoir .
In summary , something does not quite fit with regard to the conventional ideas about cap rocks , though it does have a close link with Wilson ’s ( 2005 ) thesis .
We will return to the issue later .
The formation waters
All the oil and gas reservoirs contain water .
Some of this exists in the oil column , suspended intimately with the oil by capillary forces ( Matthews 2004 ) .
At the base of the oil column will be an aquifer of additional water ( for example , see fig . 2 ) .
There are wide variations between the compositions of formation waters , and these differ dramatically from seawater according to a survey of U. S. fields by Collins ( 1984 ) .
A similar situation prevails in the U. K. North Sea ( Fayers , Hawes , and Matthews 1981 ) .
Most formation waters are quite saline ( typically two or more times the content of NaCl than seawater , but some are almost fully saturated ) .
There is a relative absence of sulfate ( SO 4 ) and sometimes a preponderance of barium ( Ba ) and strontium ( Sr ) ( Warren , Smalley , and Howarth 1994 ) .
There is also quite a variation between the formation waters of reservoirs of similar age .
In terms of uniformitarian timescales , this is a contradiction that the sedimentation took place in seawater that had had plenty of time to approach near equilibrium .
Examples of reservoirs
We give a few examples of reservoirs from the North Sea .
The aim is to show that the problems of the origin of oil are not just about the oil as a fluid , but the origin of the physical structure of the reservoir and all fluids within it .
This has already been hinted at in the literature ( Matthews et al. 2008 ) .
The data will be used to construct a new model of the origin of oil .
This particular section is based around reservoirs the author has studied in a commercial environment , but all the data quoted is taken from published sources .
A few other reservoirs will be discussed later in the section on secondary migration .
The Maureen Reservoir
The Maureen reservoir is a sandstone reservoir ( Cutts 1991 ) and anticlinal in shape in U. K. block 16 /29 .
The cap rock is a mudstone ( see fig . 2 ) .
It contains a light oil ( type 2 of table 2 ) , with a total volume around 400 million barrels .
7
The water is quite salty ( twice that of seawater ) .
The reservoir sandstone is assumed to have been deposited as a submarine fan , but the timing of the emplacement of oil in relation to deposition , and central uplift ( creating the anticline ) , is the subject of continuing speculation ( Matthews et al. 2008 ) .
There are a number of slump features within the reservoir .
Within the main body of the sandstone there are some major volumes of shale .
In other places , the sandstone has been cemented by calcite , so that the porosity is destroyed .
The chalk , judged to be contemporaneous with that at the Ekofisk reservoir , contains oil , but the permeability there is so low and little of the oil has been extracted .
We will return to this intriguing aspect in the discussion about secondary migration .
There is oil beneath the main sandstone and chalk formations in several independent accumulations ( Gold ’s point 6 ) .
However , there is a relatively insignificant amount of oil in the surrounding areas , and the reservoir is not filled to spill - point .
The Wytch Farm Reservoir
The Wytch Farm reservoir is the U. K. ’s largest on - land oil field , located in southeast Dorset .
Several reservoirs are stacked on top of each other ( Gold ’s point 6 ) .
The oils are all of type 4 , but differ significantly within the broad classification of Table 2 .
A generalized stratigraphy is shown in Fig. 4 .
Starting from the bottom , the deep ( 1600 m ) Sherwood Sands ( quoted as Permo - Triassic ) contained about 750 million barrels of oil .
The sands consist of a variable sequence of floodplain deposits , sandflat and lacustrine deposits , sheetflood deposits , channel - fill deposits and aeolian deposits ( McKie , Agget , and Hogg 1998 ) .
The reservoir is sealed vertically by the Mercia mudstone ( fine - grained ) .
A mixture of geological faults and a dipping structure seal the reservoir laterally ( see fig . 5 ) .
The Bridport Sands ( quoted as Jurassic8 — Underhill and Stoneley 1998 ) contained about 120 million barrels of oil .
Those sands are considered to be diachronous .
Above the Bridport Sands is the Inferior Oolite .
In places the Oolite contains small amounts of oil , but generally it seals the Bridport reservoir with support from the Fuller ’s Earth .
A small amount of oil is present in the overlying Frome Clay member .
Apart from relatively small oil fields in the vicinity , nothing the size of Wytch Farm is encountered for around 1,000 km to the northeast ( for example , Brae ) .
Further details of Wytch Farm will be discussed in the section on secondary migration .
The South Brae Reservoir
The South Brae reservoir ( Turner et al 1987 ) in U. K. block 16/7 differs from Maureen in several respects .
Although sandstone is the porous medium , it is conglomeratic .
In conjunction with another paper by Harris and Fowler ( 1987 ) , a depositional model is provided , but collectively the two papers fail to provide a single concise model of how South Brae came to be .
The diagram in Harris and Fowler ( 1987 ) shows an attempted paleo - reconstruction during deposition , but the diagram only goes a short way into what is called “ the hinterland , ” with supposed “ energetic streams ” supplying the sediment into a subsiding basin.9
The Turner et al. ( 1987 ) paper mentions the need to envisage a “ relatively rapid waning of coarse - clastic supply to the fan ” twice during the deposition of the sediments .
Such abrupt cessation does not tie naturally with the Harris - Fowler diagram .
Whilst the oil is also light and has a volume of around one billion barrels , it contains a moderate amount of carbon dioxide ( ≥ 20 mol % ) .
It is also at a high pressure , which is a puzzle for uniformitarian timescales .
10
The water in the reservoir contains moderately large amounts of barium and strontium , which would be unusual if the deposition took place within a normal seawater environment .
11 Finally , the whole of the reservoir is surrounded by a shaley material , called the Kimmeridge Clay .
To the east of Brae , the Miller reservoir exists with a carbon dioxide concentration slightly less than than of Brae .
A syncline of sandstone provides a hydraulic connection between the two .
The Magnus Reservoir
The Magnus reservoir in U. K. blocks 211/12 and 17 also contains a light oil ( type 4 again ) , and the fluid pressure is high ( De’Ath and Schuyleman 1981 ) .
In round figures the volume of oil is again one billion barrels .
Between the sand grains there is a large amount of clay .
The clay ( illite ) has a hairy form .
There is more clay at the bottom of the reservoir than at the top .
Within the sandstone , there are many water - escape pipes , dish structures , and sand injection features .
The Alba Reservoir
The Alba reservoir , in U. K. block 16 / 26 , is sandstone , rather like an elongated pod within an area of mudstone .
Sand injection structures exist above the reservoir , and there is evidence of extensive re-mobilisation of the sands ( Hurst et al 2003 ) .
The oil is unusual .
It consists of a heavy oil ( type 7 ) , but the quantities of methane are high .
To that extent , Fig. 2 is not strictly relevant .
The standard reasoning for the lack of low - weight alkanes is that the oil was light at the time of emplacement , but has been bio -degraded .
It may be difficult to sustain that argument on the basis of a young - earth timescale , the reaction kinetics , and the location of the reaction - byproducts .
The Ekofisk Reservoir
The Ekofisk reservoir is a chalk reservoir in the Norwegian block 2/4 .
It is at high pressure , and the oil is a condensate ( type 3 ) .
Above the reservoir in the cap rock is a gas - chimney .
The depletion of this reservoir caused the seabed to sink ( Zoback and Zinke 2002 ) , because as the hydrocarbons were withdrawn , the fluid pressure fell , and the chalk particles became compacted .
The compaction was transmitted back to the seabed .
The Biogenic Model of the Origin of Oil
The biogenic model of the origin of oil ( and gas ) is the one most commonly held in the West .
12
There are eight major stages in the biogenic model of the origin of oil .
If any one of the stages can be shown not to have occurred , then the whole model fails the test of sufficiency .
It is wrong .
Some of the stages are shown in Fig. 6 , based on Cornford ( 1998 ) .
Fig .
6 . Schematic diagrams showing how oil is supposed to have formed ( based on Cornford 1998 ) .
First , the organic material ( biological remains of life ) must be deposited in large volumes in a matrix of shales and silts .
The carbon content is judged to be the most important part .
This mixture of organic matter and shales , and / or silts , is called the source rock , though at this stage it does not contain oil .
Second , the material must be lightly buried where it can undergo a process of diagenesis ( so that only the insoluble kerogen part of the organic matter is left ) .
Section A of Fig. 6 shows the collection and burial of the biomolecules .
Third , the host formation must then be buried to depth .
Fourth , the kerogen must undergo catagenesis ( changing into molecules of oil ) .
As part of this process , some of the chemical bonds in the kerogen must be broken to form bitumen ( Barker 1996 , p. 64 ) .
These two stages are shown in section B of Fig. 6 , though the provenances of the sediments that bury the source rock are not shown .
Fifth , the oil must not dis-associate .
Sixth , the oil must be released from the source rock .
These two stages are shown in section C of Fig. 6 .
Seventh , the oil must migrate long distances to the target reservoir .
Eighth , the target reservoir must be capable of accepting and then retaining the oil .
These two stages are shown in section D of Fig. 6 .
Each of these stages is problematical , and there is often circular reasoning adopted to justify a particular stance .
Also , many of the problems are worsened by the need to respect the fact that the earth is young .
This is not the place to discuss the age of the earth , though we are getting hints that sedimentary processes are rapid ( for example , the energetic streams of Brae , high fluid pressures , and unequilibrated formation waters ) .
The reader is referred to DeYoung ( 2005 ) for details about radiometric dating which supports this assertion .
Note that most authors will add a ninth stage , that is , alteration of the hydrocarbons when they are in the reservoir .
This is shown as section E .
This stage is germane to the origin of the oil in the Alba reservoir ( see later ) .
The problems with the biogenic model of the origin of oil
We start with organic matter in the source rock which has molecular weights in the region of 106 , and the need to reduce the bulk of this to values below 1,000 , and even as low as 16 ( methane ) .
Otherwise , we do not get the alkane distribution shown in Fig.
1 . Finally , the molecules of petroleum must find their way into the host reservoir and stay there until recovered by human activity .
We list and discuss the individual problems .
Collection of organic matter
The collection of sufficient organic matter within shales and silts is a pre-requisite for the formation of oil to be explained by this model .
( The possibility that coal has sometimes acted as a source rock is considered later . )
The organic content of ocean sediments , such as in the North Atlantic , is around 0.1 % by weight ( Hunt 1979 ) .
Most other places are less than 1 % , except for anaerobic areas such as the Black Sea with values of 6 to 15 % .
It is only with these last values that , even in the most unprescriptive conditions that have been suggested as part of this biogenic model , enough organic carbon can be found to make useful amounts of an oil - like substance .
There are also restrictions on the type of organic matter which will eventually provide oil .
Only the marine planktonic algae have the potential to produce more than a small volume of an oil - like substance ( Tissot and Welte 1978 , p. 54 ) .13
There are differences in the amount of organic carbon in recent and ancient sediments .
The former , as mentioned above , are generally below 0.1 % .
The ancient sediments have higher levels of organic matter ( up to 3 % ) .
Furthermore , if we wish to sustain the model that oil is biogenic , the values must have been much higher at deposition , because these sediments are assumed to have yielded up some of their mass to form oil , which subsequently left the sediment .
In conclusion , the present is not the key to the past .
Even if all other parts of the biogenic model for the origin of oil can be justified , the model as a whole is not tenable .
Shallow burial
The silts and shales containing organic matter are now assumed to have been buried to a shallow depth .
Here , in the absence of oxygen , it will undergo a process of diagenesis ( Hunt 1979 ) .
The reducing conditions will remove oxygen from the organic matter to convert it to kerogen .
There are few problems with assuming that this step of the long conversion process did not work , but that is only true for uniformitarian timescales .
Subsequent burial history
A very specific burial history must occur for the kerogen to be heated to the correct temperatures for the correct amount of time to form oil .
The completeness of the geological record is a matter of considerable uncertainty ( in uniformitarian terms [ Barker 1996 , p. 91 ] ) .
Questions about how much sediment was deposited over the source rock , and how much erosion of those sediments took place ( which controls the burial history ) , can not be answered .
We may summarize this problem by stating that the Davisian cycle of uplift and erosion is not known a priori in basin modelling ( Lerche 1990 ) .
One of the other problems , that will be amplified later , is that if the burial is too deep , or too long , any oil formed will be destroyed by further thermodynamic processes .
However , even those who have been deeply involved with basin modelling ( for example , Waples 1998 ) state that basin modelling
is , in my opinion , characterized more by unfulfilled promises , remaining questions , lingering doubts , and a sceptical base of potential clients than by its successes .
And , of course , some of the “ successes ” may be accidental .
No one is mad enough to use basin modelling to predict where oil is not , and then spend £ 10 million on a well to prove that basin modelling correctly predicts the absence of oil .
So in a “ Popper ” sense , we cannot easily falsify the model ( Popper 1994 ) .
The problem of timing and burial is even more critical for the theory of biogenic oil generation if we insist ( quite rightly ) on young - earth timescales where much geological history is condensed into a period of perhaps as short as 370 days ( by believing that most fossiliferous sediments are the result of Flood geology ) or a few thousand years ( that some fossiliferous sediments are due to Recolonization geology [ Bush 2008 ] ) .
Catagenesis
Assuming that we have the necessary kerogen at the correct depth , and therefore exposed to the correct temperatures , this now has to be converted to the oil described previously .
In the laboratory it is possible to convert kerogen into an oil - like substance .
The laboratory process only works provided intermediate reaction products ( oxygen , nitrogen , and sulfur ) are removed as the process continues .
The problems with assuming that this is what happened underground are :
We have no idea how nature cooperated in the removal of the intermediate reaction products .
If it did not , the reactions could reverse , and we would still have only kerogen .
Alternatively , we would expect to find major amounts of nitrogen .
The oxygen might be expected to react and form carbon dioxide and water .
No waxes are generated .
Admittedly they are only a small fraction of the components of most oils , but their absence is diagnostic .
No asphaltenes are generated .
Admittedly they are only a small fraction of the components of most oils , but their absence is also diagnostic .
We have used higher temperatures ( 300 to 500 °C ) than expected in the history of the source rock ( 100 to 200 °C ) .
This is excused ( but not justified ) on the basis that millions of years at a lower temperature will have the same effect on the thermodynamic disassociation of kerogen as a shorter period of time at a higher temperature .
14
The alkane distribution is completely different to that of oil in the reservoir .
No alkanes lower than number 15 are generated .
No even numbered alkanes are generated .
The sheer disparity between what is found in reservoirs and what we have produced is shown in Fig.
7 .
In summary , we have managed to generate an unusual set of molecules which have some characteristics of crude oil .
However , in comparison with real reservoir oil , the bulk of the hydrocarbons are missing .
And they are the ones most useful for human life ( heating , plastics , petrol , and diesel ) .
This part of the model , as for other parts , therefore fails the sufficiency test .
Primary migration
Assuming that oil has been produced from organic matter , it now has to leave the source rock .
Five mechanisms have been suggested , but each suffers from problems .
Hunt ( 1979 , p. 207ff ) lists and comments on the first four .
Surfactants .
Surfactants15 have been suggested as a way of swelling the oil so that it flows naturally out of the source rock .
Explaining where the surfactants came from , and where they went after the oil has left the source rock , simply replaces one problem with another two .16
Migration in water .
Migration of oil in solution of water has been suggested .
However , the solubilities are low , especially for molecules heavier than methane .
Migration in gas .
Migration of oil in the gas phase has been suggested .
However , the problem is then explaining why large volumes of oil are found independently of large volumes of gas .
Single phase movement .
Oil phase migration as a single phase has also been suggested .
However , source rocks have very low permeabilities ( Okui , Siebert , and Matsubayashi 1998 , p. 46 ) , and the oil does not move in any of the laboratory experiments that have been set up to check this mechanism .
What Okui , Siebert , and Matsubayashi ( 1998 ) have found is not unexpected .
The author was involved ( Matthews et al , 1988 ) in experimental and mathematical modelling studies to determine how internally generated phase saturations could flow .
Even within highly permeable rock , large volumes have first to be created .
There would also be large quantities of oil and gas left in the source rocks if this biogenic model were correct .
Migration by diffusion .
Migration by diffusion has also been suggested , but Hunt ( 1979 ) offers no comments for or against .
In a young - earth scenario it certainly would not work when timescales have been reduced by around five orders of magnitude .
Perhaps the fact that these ideas have all hit unmovable barriers suggests that primary migration did not happen , though the Hedberg Conference summary said euphemistically that “ migration is inefficient . ”
Secondary migration
This section on secondary migration will be one of the longest .
This is because there is extensive literature on the subject and it has a closer association with Flood geology .
When a new oil reservoir is found , apart from asking the engineers how to get the oil out , one of the next questions will be to ask how it got there .
If the petroleum geologists can understand the tracks and conduits by which the oil moved from the source rock to the reservoir , they may have a handle on where else oil from those source rocks went , and this in turn gives them a clue as to where to explore for that oil .
However , as we shall see , it does not work that way .
At the end of an American Association of Petroleum Geologists conference on secondary migration ( 1980 ) , the chairmen ( Roberts and Cordell 1980 ) said that there was “ honest agnosticism and confessions of ignorance ” on how secondary migration occurred .
Models had been based on “ interpretation of factual observations sponsored and enhanced by imagination . ”
One looks for enlightenment in the proceedings of an equivalent conference 10 years later ( England and Fleet 1992 ) and finds nothing except for a reiteration of the problems of 1980 .
Even after a further 12 years , nothing substantive was offered at a follow - up conference .
17
The suite of papers has since been published ( Cubitt , England , and Larter 2004 ) , and papers rather steered away from the identifying the conduits and tracks of the supposed migration except by oblique methods .
To that extent , the studies have a questionable value .
We will first examine some slightly less general statements about secondary migration to show that it is a worldwide problem .
We will then examine some of the reservoirs that have been described above .
In a desired model of secondary migration , faults appear to be conduits for migration at some times and barriers at others ( Barker 1996 , p. 384 ) .
There is no logic to this , other than to get the petroleum into the reservoir by a secondary migration model , and then keep it there .
Oil cracking to gas leaves bitumen .
Since in west Africa ( Barker 1996 , p. 288 ff ) bitumen is found above gas reservoirs , irrespective of where the supposed source rocks were , the lighter gas should be above the heavier bitumen .
We do not have that .
In the North Sea , oil has to penetrate Heather shales in a downward movement to enter the huge Brent reservoir on the basis of the assumed source rocks above the reservoir ( Barnard and Bastow 1992 , p. 177 ) .
The same would be true of many of the other Brent - type reservoirs , such as Statfjord ( Morton et al. 1992 ) .
We do n’t have a mechanism .
A catalog of other North Sea reservoirs ( Alba , Gullfaks , Ekofisk , Frigg , and Fulmar ) where , in spite of major commercial activity in the areas , no understanding of secondary migration has been obtained ( Matthews 2004 ) .
Reconsideration of Wytch Farm .
The quotation by Roberts and Cordell ( 1980 ) ( “ models of secondary migration have been based on interpretation of factual observations sponsored and enhanced by imagination ” ) can be illustrated by the models of secondary migration suggested for Wytch Farm .
The authors emphasise that the explanation is hypothetical , and the number of questions raised by this explanation points to a need for a fundamental rethink along the lines advocated in this paper .
Fig. 5 shows a simplified form of the reservoir cross-section from Underhill and Stoneley ( 1998 ) as it is interpreted today .
Fig. 8 shows a simplified paleo - reconstruction at the end of the “ Cretaceous ” .
The problem is to explain how oil from the supposed source rock beneath the Bridport Sands in the south moved three miles to the north to enter Bridport and Sherwood sandstones .
Furthermore , the sections of these sandstones between faults A and C are not oil - filled .
The mechanism suggested for the filling of the two main sandstone sections of the Wytch Farm oil field are as follows .
The details are from Selley and Stoneley ( 1987 ) :
In the early Cretaceous ( Gault and Chalk are not yet deposited ) , faulting results in the downthrow of reasonably horizontal strata to the south .
( This has been labelled as Fault A. )
The fault , which is listric ,18 allows the oil in the source rock to rise past the Clays and enter the Bridport Sands to the south of the fault , because near the fault the Bridport Sands are dipping north .
Some oil will continue to leak to surface , but there is no explanation as to why petroleum does not enter the Bridport Sands to the north of the fault .
Nor do the authors mention the thorny issue of how primary migration occurred .
Leakage effectively ceased when the overlying Upper Cretaceous deposits were emplaced .
At this point ( late to end Cretaceous ) further tectonic activity ( a pericline is forming in the south ) tilts the southern portions of the Bridport Sands the opposite way ( to the south ) .
This allows the petroleum to move north back towards the fault , rise through the fault , and enter the northern portions of the Bridport and Sherwood Sands .
This is between Faults A and B on the Figs. 5 and 8 .
The oil continues to move downwards to the north and across another two faults ( B and C ) by a process labelled “ back - filling . ”
Fault C now becomes sealed , though no explanation concerning these crucially timed events is offered .
In the early Tertiary oil is “ lost ” in the blocks between faults A and B , and B and C to surface , though this is not really consistent with point number 2 .
Selley ( 2005 ) came back to the topic of secondary migration later with a comment that in gas - shales : “ Because the source rock is also the reservoir , it is not necessary to agonise19 over migration pathways as with conventional petroleum exploration . ”
He is clearly uncomfortable with secondary migration and the specific suggestions that he made with Stoneley in his earlier ( 1987 ) paper on Wytch Farm .
He also voted in my informal survey at the Petroleum Geology Conference in 2003 ( see footnote 12 earlier ) in support of Gold ’s idea that oil is not biogenic .
A further point that strengthens the current argument that secondary migration of the envisaged form does not occur is that if the Underhill and Stoneley ( 1998 ) model were correct , then there is good reason to expect other pockets of oil in the area .
To quote Underhill and Stoneley ( 1998 ) , there was “ relative disappointment of exploration wells ” when extensive exploration took place around the area of Wytch Farm .
Gullfaks .
Gullfaks is a giant Norwegian reservoir ( over three billion barrels ) .
With such a huge amount of oil that has supposedly migrated from the source rocks , the argument is ( if you accept the paradigm that oil is biogenic ) there must be other small accumulations of oil in the area .
Larter and Horstad ( 1992 ) brought together the evidence .
The authors briefly show that it is impossible to confirm or identify the movement of oil through the “ necessary ” conduits between the source rock and the reservoir .
However , they claim that they can identify the keyholes that allowed oil to enter the reservoir by geochemical signatures of oil already in the reservoir .
This is done on the basis of looking for immature and mature pockets of oil .
But the concept of immature and mature oil only arises through the a priori assumption that oil is biogenic .
That paper thus proves nothing .
Alwyn .
We have briefly referred to the work of Jourdan et al ( 1987 ) on quartz overgrowths previously .
A later paper by Hogg , Selliers , and Jourdan ( 1992 ) provides additional data , specifically on the Alwyn reservoir .
There are also a good selection of photographs ( some color ) and labelled diagrams .
The key points that the authors make is that the overgrowths indicate several different silica - rich pulses of fluids produced the overgrowths .
One source of the silica - rich fluids is identified , and fluids are shown to have spread several kilometers to the north and west .20
Smørbukk and Smørbuuk Sør. Smørbukk is another of Norway ’s giant hydrocarbon fields .
Karlsen produced a poster display on fluid inclusion work at the 2003 conference on Geochemistry and Reservoir Engineering .
Earlier studies on the reservoirs had supposedly shown that oil entered Smørbukk from the west , where there is now a sealing fault .
On that basis , wells were drilled to the west , because if oil had filled Smørbukk from the west , there ought to be pools of oil still there .
No oil was found , but the sand grains showed fluid inclusions ( fig. 3 ) .
As a session chairman , Karlsen admitted that he had come to the conference hoping for some answers , but was going home with more problems than he had come with .
The paper covering the items in the poster presentation has now been published ( Karlsen et al 2004 ) .
It is a mammoth tome of over 60 pages .
The following points are made :
The failure of drilling to find the conduits by which oil entered Smørbukk meant that the engineers had to use indirect methods to try and understand how oil entered Smørbukk .
Inevitably these were based on geochemistry , and the principle that oil has a biological origin , and therefore shows different levels of maturity .
On basin modelling , calibration is required to make models correctly predict where oil is found .
If temperatures are changed by 20 °C , no oil is predicted .
( This temperature range is not an unreasonable amount .
So the basic level of confidence in basin modelling is low , because the model requires a subjective assumption about temperature . )
The authors offer no simple explanations as to how oil - filled inclusions occurred .
We are reminded that quartz is naturally water - wet21 so the oil does not stick to the grain surfaces .
However , if events were rapid , then oil droplets could be trapped during precipitation of the quartz around them .
Stokes Law shows that oil droplets of size = 10 μm will not rise rapidly .
Several levels of oil - filled inclusions are found , suggesting that different types of oil were passing by at the same time as the silica - rich fluids were passing .
Smørbukk Sør contained a reduced number of inclusions .
This supposedly testifies to the later filling ( 3 million years ago ) of Sør from a basin between Smørbukk and Smørbuuk Sør , whereas Smørbukk filled supposedly 50 million years ago .
In summary , we appear to have been presented with a series of facts and a forced interpretation based on an a priori assumption that oil is biogenic .
Troll .
The Troll field is a Norwegian gas reservoir .
The fields are apparently filled to spill - point , and have a tilted oil - water contact implying active migration ( Goldsmith 2000 ) .
On the basis of an inferred migration route , a well ( 31/6 - 3 ) was drilled but found no hydrocarbons .
This failure to find more reservoirs “ acted as a challenge to seek alternative migration routes where “ intuition ” suggests that there should be a migration path . ”
That paper concludes with the statement that “ Troll may be a unique example of a field that is apparently full to spill , but not spilling ” ( into other reservoirs ) .
That use of “ intuition ” failed , because it was based on long timescales .
We need the biblical fast - Flood model .
An independent assessment of secondary migration .
There are further problems that have since been identified concerning secondary migration .
Oil has to enter the target reservoir when the reservoir is at shallow depth ( Wilson 2005 ) .
To that extent , the origin of oil has to be discussed alongside the question of the origin of the reservoirs .
We shall return to this point later .
The timescales
Although timescales for secondary migration are not a specific problem for those who adopt an old - earth scenario , they are for those who believe that the age of the earth is less than 10,000 years .
The issue of timescales applies in several areas .
There is the catagenesis , which , even if we accept works at low temperatures ( ~100 °C ) , does not deliver the oil volume within 10,000 years .
No one has demonstrated primary migration , so we can not put a timescale on that .
On secondary migration and the way the oil equilibrates chemically in a typical reservoir , we can put timescales .
In the Danish chalk reservoirs , estimates have been made of how long it took to reach fluid equilibrium after emplacement .
Around 2 million years are needed ( Vejbæk et al. 2005 ) .
Recognizing that we have at most 10,000 years , the migration the authors proposed must be completely wrong .
( This analysis is based on supposed fluid flow rates obtained from Darcy ’s Law , and is not related in any way to uniformitarian geological timescales . )
A similar problem is present in the Moretti ( 1998 ) paper , because she considers that there are millions of years available to charge reservoirs when there are not , otherwise they cannot be filled on the basis of the known hydraulic properties of faults .
Porphyrins
“ Porphyrins ” are present in many oils and the claim is made that they have a similar basic structure to those of chlorophyll from plant material .
Krauskopf and Bird ( 1995 , p. 396 ) state that this is “ a piece of chemical evidence that petroleum must be chiefly of organic origin . ”
But what do these and other authors mean when they declare similarity ?
Krauskopf and Bird admit that some of the side chains are missing in the petroleum “ porphyrins ” and further that the magnesium in the chelate ring ( in plant porphyrins ) is either absent or replaced by a heavier metal such as vanadium or nickel in the supposed petroleum equivalents .
So at a biological level ( which is the essential test that determines whether the oil is of organic origin ) the two are not similar .
Magnesium is a light metal essential to the chemistry of life whereas nickel and vanadium can be poisonous .
Thus , innocuous statements ( that there is similarity between the structures of porphyrins from plants and the same substance in oil ) are insufficient to show that oil is of organic origin .
To clinch the point that the presence of “ porphyrins ” is not an indicator of an organic origin for the bulk of oil , we note that there are no recorded examples of pure plant porphyrins being found in oil nor of laboratories successfully converting plant - porphyrins into oil - porphyrins .
Should these statements ever be successfully challenged , there are still the other seven or so problems with the organic explanation for oil in reservoirs listed above which rule out ( on a sufficiency basis ) the idea that the bulk of oil has an organic origin .
Coal
There are many references to coal being seen as a source rock for oil ( for example , Cornford , 1998 ) .
As far as the North Sea province is concerned , in the Carboniferous the coal beds are seen as the source of hydrocarbons in the gas fields of the southern North Sea ( Besley 1998 ) .
In the Brent province , the mid-Ness shale which separates the upper part from the lower part of many reservoirs contains coal sequences ( Morton et al 1992 ) .
Undoubtedly , samples of coal could , under controlled laboratory conditions , be turned into a partial set of hydrocarbons .
That is a necessary requirement , but not a sufficient condition , to sustain the argument that the bulk of oil is biogenic in origin .
Ultimately , coal can be ruled out as the source rock for the bulk of hydrocarbons in proximity to coal beds on the basis of the problems described above with reference to the supposed clay , shale , and silt layers being source rocks .
The geochemistry does not have to be explored in detail when migration is a fundamental problem of getting hydrocarbons out of the source rocks and into the reservoirs .
The other problem with suggesting that coal can be a source rock for oil is the question of the origin of the coal .
The secular model is that coal is formed from organic matter in peat swamps over long periods of time .
Within a Flood geology paradigm , we simply do not have the years available , but they are not necessary if the coal beds formed within the Flood year from the destruction of pre-Flood vegetation .
Conclusion about biogenic oil
There appear to be too many subjective assumptions regarding the possibility that the bulk of oil is of a biogenic origin .
A few percent of certain alkanes may be of a biogenic origin , but it is misleading to say that these are “ fingerprints ” telling us about the origin of oil .
The “ fingerprints ” are not an integral part of the bulk of oil .
To that extent , we need now to turn to the other secular option advanced for the origin of oil .
Abiogenic Oil
The idea that oil does not have a biological origin has been prevalent amongst Soviet block countries for perhaps the last 100 years .
The reason is that many of their oil and gas fields are either in metamorphic or igneous rocks , or seemed to have no biogenic source rocks beneath them because the basement rocks were crystalline .
The idea has been promoted in the West more recently by Gold ( 1979 , 1987 ) .
Two things would have pointed him in this direction .
First , Thomas Gold , along with Fred Hoyle and Herman Bondi , are better known for their work on radar during World War II , and their subsequent studies in astrophysics .
They promoted the idea that the universe is self - generating .
It is then a short step to suggesting that hydrocarbons are self - generated .
They pointed out that there is spectral evidence for hydrocarbons on astronomical bodies .
Second ,
Gold recognized that volcanoes discharge many complex molecules ( Gold , 1979 ) , and because these have no obvious biological origin , they must have been either primordial , or constructed from smaller primordial molecules in a process which he calls abiogenesis .
The fact that the geochemistry is not described in detail has made his theory difficult to accept in the West ( see for example , Cornford , 1998 ) , but the situation is not that simple , as shown by the summary of the 2005 Hedberg Conference by Katz , Mancini , and Kitchka ( 2008 ) .
Within the oil industry , some may argue that oil is of biogenic origin .
But the fact that we have shown that huge volumes of oil , supposedly the result of biogenic origin , cannot be explained in this way means that an alternative explanation for oil is needed .
To that end the abiogenic origin must be considered , even if we do not end up with the details as Gold suggested .
As a very minimum , for an abiogenic model to be acceptable , we need to explain the missing alkanes ( below C15 ) which are not formed by biogenesis .
Many of the problems with the biogenic model of the origin of oil do not occur in the abiogenic model :
We do not have to find large volumes of organic matter , since this is no longer the precursor material .
We do not need diagenesis .
We may not need a very specific burial history .
We do not need the doubtful thermodynamics of catagenesis .
We do not need to find mechanisms that would release oil from shales .
We do still need a mechanism for secondary migration ( moving oil from the point of its origin to the host reservoir ) , but Gold and Soter ( 1982a , b , 1984/1985 ) suggest that a series of fracturing episodes can perform this operation .
We comment briefly on the points listed in the Introduction above using that numbering system :
Hydrocarbons are found in the line of arcs which are deep - seated crustal structural features .
I am not familiar with any examples , but the evidence points to little or no precursor sedimentary rocks in these areas , so the idea is at least attractive .
Hydrocarbon areas tend to be rich at many depths .
( Examples already quoted include Maureen and Wytch Farm . )
This implies a localized source of hydrocarbons with vertical puncturing to allow hydrocarbons to move upwards , but Gold cannot explain the variations in alkane distributions that are seen in vertically stepped accumulations , though natural chromatographic separation during fluid movement through the rocks could play a part .
Deep hydrocarbons show no biological evidence ( for example , optical activity or disparity ) between the even and odd numbered alkanes .
The hydrocarbon molecules are therefore , in some sense , primordial .
Methane is found where a biological origin is not probable .
The planet Jupiter is believed to be covered by methane , so therefore the origin of that must be primordial .
However , the more complex heavier alkanes , waxes , etc. are apparently not present .
There is no link between the hydrocarbon characteristics across different areas of the world with the geological column .
Although the point is a valid one , Gold may be making too much of this , because in his evolutionary mind - set he may be thinking that types of animals and plants varied significantly ( thereby controlling the compositions of oil they produced after catagenesis ) during geological history .
There is associated helium in some U. S. reservoirs .
Helium is assumed in Gold ’s mind to be the next building element after hydrogen in the total collection of the periodic table .
What Gold forgets is that since there are no stable elements of ( atomic ) mass numbers 5 and 8 , construction of the elements by this route is not tenable .
In particular , therefore , the origin of nitrogen ( atomic number 14 ) in the German reservoirs is unexplained .
Options for explaining abiogenic oil
The Geological Society memoir by Petford and McCaffrey ( 2003 ) is one useful source of information on the abiogenic model of the origin of oil .
The memoir is principally about hydrocarbons in and around igneous rocks , rather than a detailed discussion of abiogenic hydrocarbons .
It is admitted by authors of key papers , such as Potter and Konnerup - Madsen ( 2003 ) , and Schutter ( 2003 ) , that some of the hydrocarbons in igneous rocks probably have a biogenic origin .
To that extent they are not providing an explanation for the origin of oil at all , because they fail the sufficiency test — their requirement does not fit with the analysis that we have concluded previously .
At this part of our study , having rejected biogenic oil , we are therefore relying entirely on an abiogenic process to explain alkanes up to C15 and even - numbered ones thereafter .
Schutter ( 2003 ) reviews many reservoirs that are supposed to have hydrocarbons in them that have an abiogenic origin .
22
Some of these reservoirs are not of trivial size .
He notes one giant reservoir in Java having over one billion barrels of oil in place .
Generally there is a “ lack of rigorously documented geochemistry ” which prevents us from being convinced , even before we get to the detailed reasoning behind the suggestion that abiogenesis is a viable process , that the hydrocarbons are not abiogenic .
Specifically he has said , “ Many more questions arise than answers exist concerning hydrocarbons in and around igneous rocks ” .
Potter and Konnerup - Madsen ( 2003 ) review the three common suggestions for explaining hydrocarbons by abiogenesis , though they admit that the true origin remains controversial .
There is supplementary information by Schutter ( 2003 ) .
The following are the suggestions : 23
Direct derivation from the mantle ; Formed by respeciation of the C - O - H system during late crystallization at temperatures below 500° ; and Synthesis by the Fisher - Tropsch process during post - magmatic alteration processes .
Suggestion 1 allows the hydrocarbons to be primordial ( as on Jupiter ) or to be continuously produced by a Fisher - Tropsch process in the mantle .
The Fisher - Tropsch process is an industrial process used to convert a material with a high carbon content ( such as coal ) into petroleum liquids in the presence of catalysts such as ferric oxides and / or silicates .
A supply of hydrogen is needed , and the suggestion is made that this comes from the splitting of water .
The reaction may be written
nCO 2 + ( 2n + 1 ) H 2 → C n H 2n + 2 + nH 2 O
The suggestion is declared as invalid because of the disappointing results from the Siljan Ring well , and is also precluded by the estimated low temperatures and pressures of entrapment of fluid inclusions found .
Furthermore , the Fisher - Tropsch process can be controlled in an industrial plant , but in the geology and history of rocks , where there cannot have been such control , it really can only be explained by Roberts and Cordell ’s “ sponsored . . . enhanced . . . imagination . ”
Suggestion 2 can be demonstrated in a ternary diagram ( with vertices C , O and H ) with specific temperature and pressure histories , but as to whether the history of rocks allowed this to happen to produce the particular distribution of alkanes that we cannot explain biogenically is an open question .
Suggestion 3 is the most favoured in the literature , but in view of the fact that this still requires a geological history that allows the Fisher - Tropsch process to occur , as if it were an industrial process with operators controlling the individual stages of the process , the suggestion remains contentious .
Conclusion about abiogenic oil
There appear to be too many subjective assumptions regarding the possibility that the bulk of oil is of an abiogenic origin .
A few percent of certain low numbered alkanes may be of an abiogenic origin , but that is all .
Prompting a Complete Re-think
To summarize so far :
We have two secular theories for the chemical origin of the hydrocarbons , and the methods by which it may reach reservoirs .
There are a catalog of problems with the biogenic model , and a catalog of guesswork as to how abiogiesis assembled complex hydrocarbons , waxes , etc .
Both models involve “ geological timescales ” of millions of years .
Reservoir paleo - reconstruction cannot be performed .
There is no a priori geological history of the reservoir rock to support the geochemical history .
geological history of the reservoir rock to support the geochemical history .
Guesswork has to be used to explain events surrounding the emplacement of the reservoir cap rock .
Quiet , long timescales cannot explain the variability of the formation waters .
We have no uniformitarian explanation for the oil emplacement whilst the reservoirs are at shallow depth .
Therefore , there must exist another explanation .
The two models that have been proposed have been based on an implicit assumption of naturalism .
The danger that many people see if a non-naturalist explanation is allowed in science is that there are unattractive philosophical consequences ( Johnson 1998 , p. 51 ) .
Freedom to ignore a creator may be more important to scientists and engineers than to establish the truth about oil and gas .
Johnson ’s ( 1998 ) essays are about evolution .
He puts the unthinkable into words and asks why we are giving answers to questions before asking what the question should be .
We have two major theories of the origin of life .
In the first , we have a slow evolution of life due to natural selection ( Darwin 1859 ) .
However , the fossil record does not show slow changes , but rapid and punctuated changes .
So there is available an alternative model to the origin of life , namely punctuated equilibrium .
At the chemical level ( DNA ) we cannot explain rapid changes because of the complex inter-linking of genes , and the fact that mutations are generally harmful .
As for Darwinism , it does not explain the “ fossil record . ”
However , the question that is not being asked is “ how did life come to be ? ” .
We have been offered an answer that a priori excludes anything other than naturalism .
The remaining option is that life was directly created by an intelligent designer .
Many have taken that route and accepted that , in view of the problems with Darwinism ( and its modern versions ) and punctuated equilibria , life was directly created by an intelligent designer .
We need to apply this kind of thinking to oil and gas .
The American Association of Petroleum Geologists produces a technical Bulletin which generally contains articles on the geological origin of oil , and trying to trace the source rocks .
There is also a monthly magazine ( Explorer ) which contains oil industry news items and a forum for readers ’ letters .
In 2005 , a series of letters appeared , apparently prompted by a high - profile author criticizing creationism in an earlier article .
A number of creationists ( they appeared to be old - earth creationists ) wrote letters ( which were published ) , and these were interspersed by letters from anti-creationists .
From my viewpoint in the U. K. , I was encouraged by the dialog , even if I could not subscribe to all that the old - earth creationists were saying .
In the U. K. , our learned bodies such as The Geological Society forbid any kind of dialogue with creationists ( Nield 2008 ) .
We are considered to be no better than flat - earthers .
I took the plunge and wrote to the editor , pointing out that there was a fundamental practical point to the discussion which had not been addressed .
If the origin of oil could not be explained by biogenesis or abiogenesis , then there was only one option left — creation .
That letter was printed ( Matthews 2006 ) , but it brought the shutters down on the discussion .
I found a similar conspiracy of silence in the U. K. oil industry .
I joined over thirty years ago when I was an old - earth creationist .
Within five years I had encountered Whitcomb and Morris ’ ( 1961 ) book , and after a long gestation period had become a young - earth creationist .
The geology I was discovering as a petroleum specialist was bringing me into contact with real geology , as opposed to the sterilized geology in textbooks and journal articles which often deal only with facts that do not compromise naturalism .
There were many occasions when I put forward the view that the earth is young , life is created , and oil is also created .
No one ever put any structured counterarguments forward .
A Biblical View to Explaining Hydrocarbons
To summarize , the fact that the two major suggestions for explaining the origin of oil have numerous problems suggests that we have to rationally examine the idea that oil is theobaric ( made by God ) .
This suggestion will be examined under scriptural and technical headings .
In the process we need to ask where and when God made it .
For a moment we consider the geology in the Bible .
There is n’t a lot , but it is crucial and sufficient to develop a third option for explaining the origin of oil .
During the Creation Week , God created a mature earth .
It remained relatively undisturbed until the Noachian Flood .
The goodness of God in creating a mature earth
The Garden of Eden had everything ready for its first occupants .
There must have been mature plants and trees to supply food for immediate consumption .
There must also have been partially grown plants which Adam and Eve would have to tend in order to supply food for the days ahead .
It would mirror the tree of life described in Revelation 22 which produces a new crop each calendar month .
The need for harvesting and storage is then much reduced .
In fact , Genesis talks about harvests being a feature of life only while earth remains .
We can only talk about these anthropomorphically , and further discussions are not germane to this note .
Life without oil with the population we now have , and cold climates , would be almost impossible , even if we walked everywhere and / or used donkeys to save driving or flying .
Consider how we use the components of oil .
Methane is the smallest hydrocarbon .
It is the main component of natural gas , which we use in our central heating .
Ethane , which is number two in the sequence , is used for making the multi-purpose plastics .
Propane and butane are next , and are valuable for portable heating because they are almost liquids under normal conditions .
The next part of the alkane sequence are the hydrocarbons that make up petrol .
Then comes diesel fuel , lubricating oil , and finally the asphaltenes .
Each seems to have a purpose in life .
Even helium is valuable because of its use for welding , and as an additive for compressed - air diving .
My thoughts are that God , in His bounty , made hydrocarbons to meet our specific needs .
Although the molecules that make up the hydrocarbons are complex , 24 their complexity is miniscule compared with that of molecules ( such as DNA ) within living matter .
So God would have no difficulty ( I speak anthropomorphically to avoid arguments that I am invoking God of the Gaps ) in making hydrocarbons .
It also fits in with ideas expressed in Isaiah ’s Song of the Vineyard ( chapter 5 ) .
God is seen as someone who prepared the earth fully for man ’s habitation .
The hydrocarbons are useful , not only as a fuel , but for their ability ( through changing the carbon bonds around in the refinery ) to be transformed into other conveniences of modern life , such as the plastics .
Biblical evidence for God creating oil
Some kind of oil derivative was used by Noah to waterproof the Ark .
We also have to recognize that , in the pre-Flood landscape ( although we do not have detailed descriptions in the book of Genesis ) , we do know that a wide range of minerals were available for human use .
We read of gold , onyx , soil , 25 building materials ( for cities ) , 26 bronze and iron .
The wide range of vegetation and the number of animal kinds also point to God who was liberal with his creative activity .
So that although oil is not something simple ( see earlier ) , the idea of God directly creating oil is not unreasonable when compared with other aspects of the young - earth creationist model .
On thoughts about other minerals
Although my ascribing the origin of oil to the direct creation of God is something new , the idea that minerals were already present on the earth ( and oil is one of many minerals ) as part of the rich diversity in creation has been made before , and therefore strengthens the case I am making .
Jones ( 1998 ) , considering the way science is taught , points out that there is no way in which science is neutral about origins .
Whilst the following quote was written about cells , I consider that it is appropriate to oil .
He says ( Jones 1998 , p. 103 ) : “ each design is special , and has that unique combination of features and properties that fit it for specific roles and relationships in God ’s world . ”
We turn our attention now to how the reservoirs where we now find oil are related to earth ’s history , especially in the Flood .
Completing the geological story with reference to the Flood
In a young - earth framework , the oil reservoirs that we now find were either deposited during the Noachian Flood ( Flood geology for short ) or formed after the Flood ( Recolonization geology ) .
Either way , the oil that we now have access to was either :
created after the Flood ;
or lain relatively undisturbed during the tectonic activity of the Flood ( since then it has been released from wherever it was placed by God during the Creation Week and now entered the reservoirs that we now have ) ;
or was placed in deeper locations during Creation Week , and moved by standard hydraulic means into the target reservoirs during the Flood ( Flood geology ) whilst the “ fountains of the great deep ” were open .
Oil created after the Flood
It would seem unusual for God to have created oil after the Flood .
Whilst the Bible contains many examples of God actively creating new healthy limbs ( for example , in some of the miracles of the New Testament ) after the Creation Week , and oil ( though surely comparable to a plant derivative rather than what we get out of the ground ) for the Shunammite woman , that level of creativity is miniscule to what God did during the Creation Week .
It would therefore seem more likely that God created oil during the Creation Week .
There is a technical issue that seems to confirm God creating oil in the Creation Week .
Oil in known reservoirs seems to have entered from deeper positions in the earth ( Wilson 2005 ) .
We will examine the details later .
Oil moving into target reservoirs after the Flood
In the Recolonization model of geology ( Bush 2008 ) , the bulk of the fossiliferous sediments are assumed to have been deposited after the Flood .
For the fossiliferous sediments to have filled with oil only after the Flood , we have to accept that for all the tectonic activity during the Flood , oil was not released from the repositories that God placed it in during the Creation Week .
Since during the Flood the “ fountains of the great deep ” burst forth , the oil repositories must have been deeper so that the oil remained undisturbed .
How the oil could then have been released from these even deeper repositories becomes a matter of unreasonable speculation .
The “ fountains of the great deep ” were “ closed , ” yet as oil would have to pass these “ shallower ” positions during migration , it seems unreasonable to expect that the intense tectonic activity associated with the release of the oil would not also have breached the “ fountains of the great deep . ”
In addition , there are severe problems with the recolonization model of geology which we will briefly list .
Some of them are general issues , but some are specifically derived from the information supplied in this document .
They are :
The timescale needed for animal recolonization of the world , and their subsequent fossilization , requires an unacceptable stretching of biblical dating .
There is often no provenance for the sediments .
The Davisian cycle does not work ( see previously ) .
The enormity of geological events during recolonization .
As an example , consider the dry valleys in what is commonly called Tertiary times compared with the paucity of evidence of rapid run-off of Flood water somewhere lower in the rock sequence .
The fact that during the Flood the “ fountains of the great deep ” were closed , so no new deep water has since been delivered to the surface of the earth .
To that extent we would expect a high degree of similarity between the salinity of the sea at the end of the Flood and that of the present day .
The variability of the formation waters in reservoirs of many ages shows that that post - Flood emplacement of oil is not a convincing model .
Oil moving into target reservoirs during the Flood
The most likely event that placed oil in the target reservoirs is the Flood .
There are biblical and scientific reasons for this interpretation .
We have suggested that oil was created by God in the beginning .
What we have not discussed is the question where God put that oil .
Noah had access to some of this oil , 27 but that is all we know .
The known evidence could be explained by suggesting that God created oil in deep primordial repositories during the Creation Week , and that it migrated upwards into present - day reservoirs during the Noachian Flood .
28
Since the secular ideas on migration of oil are not viable ( discussed previously ) , we need a new explanation for this vital part of the process .
A new model of hydrocarbon emplacement
Whichever Flood model one adopts , intense geological activity will have occurred whilst the “ fountains of the great deep ” described in Genesis were active , though after day 150 of the Flood God said that the fountains were closed , so we would expect a sharp cut - off in hydraulic activity .
During the Flood , the primordial repositories containing the hydrocarbons will have been breached and fluids released .
Provided that the sedimentation was rapid , both in respect to the porous rocks and the cap rock , then most of the hydrocarbons could be trapped at shallower depths than the primordial repositories .
If sideways sedimentation occurred , then the trapping of oil by the process discovered by Berthault ( 1986 ) would have been even more effective , because cap rock and reservoir rock would have been deposited at the same time .
29 Whatever the true events , the new hydrocarbon emplacement model favors the short timescale associated with the 150 - day period when the “ fountains of the great deep ” were active , rather than the post - Flood strata model where sedimentation takes place over many subsequent years .
The author is not precluding the formation of oil reservoirs after day 150 , since after day 150 , in order to drain large tracts of land ready for rehabitation , significant tectonic events will have had to take place .
We observe oil seeps ( for example , see fig .
5 ) today when tectonic activity is limited .
Some reservoir rocks will therefore have been deposited as a result of a Davisian type of sedimentation ( though on timescales unbelievably short for Davis ) and the hydrocarbons would have been released from lower temporary positions .
Paleo - oil is one example of this .
Even more significant are the blowout pipes being observed as a result of improved seismic surveys , as will be discussed .
Illustrating the model - synchronous geo-events
Cause and effect is not always unravelled in geology .
One exception is synsedimentary faulting .
Faulting , if it takes place in a watery environment , will give rise to sedimentary activity .
Material may be eroded from the footwall of a normal fault , and deposited in the basin created by the hanging wall .
Another example of a synchronous geo-event is when tectonic activity results in abnormal oil seeps at the surface .
This is common in the fault zones on the western seaboard of the USA ( Sibson 1990 ) .
These separate cause and effects may be illustrated by Fig. 9 .
What is not considered is whether all the three events are synchronous .
The reality has to be that a single tectonic event could have the links shown in Fig. 10 .
Finally , if we reduce conventional timescales by 6 to 10 orders of magnitude , then the sedimentation is potentially fast enough to entrap the released oil .
We can then complete the diagram as Fig. 11 .
In this scenario , oil will also have the potential for release into the environment .
If the reservoir cap material is deposited in a matter of hours after the reservoir sediments , then the loss will be small , and some of the escaping oil will be entrained in the cap rock ( as in the Kimmeridge Clay ) .
Sideways sedimentation , as suggested by Berthault ( 1986 ) , would be an even more effective means of trapping oil .
Explaining individual reservoir phenomena
We briefly recap on the list of reservoirs described so far .
The aim is to see how what we know about them fits in with the idea that theobaric oil moved into the reservoirs during short , though sometimes localized , bursts of sedimentary activity during the Noachian Flood .
Cap rock hydrocarbons
— Maureen , Brae , and Wytch Farm
Hydrocarbons within the cap rock ( shales and saltseals ) are a consequence , not of local generation of the hydrocarbons or of diffusion ( there is not enough time ) , but of hydrocarbons being intimately mixed with the cap - rock material while those materials are being deposited , and before they are sufficiently compacted to be impermeable .
This explains the situation in Maureen , Brae and Wytch Farm regarding oil in “ cap rocks . ”
Explaining capillary behavior
— Magnus
Capillary behavior30 within the reservoir and the distribution of illite in the Magnus reservoir is explained ( see Matthews 2004 ) .
Explaining high pressures
— Brae , Magnus , and Ekofisk
The high pressure of the Brae reservoir is now explained .
Sedimentation of the conglomerates ( 200 to 500 meters of it ) must have taken place within a matter of minutes to an hour or so .
The source of the “ cap rock ” is already active ( those sediments are inter- digitating with the Brae conglomerates ) .
That sudden cessation of reservoir sediment31 simply allows the deposition of the Kimmeridge Clay to continue , trap some of the oil , and finally seal the Brae reservoir .
Such abrupt cessation of the conglomerate sediment supply does not tie naturally with the diagram in Harris and Fowler ( 1987 ) .
The Ekofisk and Magnus reservoirs support this same interpretation .
In Alba , the pressures are “ normal , ” but this is due to extensive remobilization of the sands which have penetrated the “ cap rock , ” thus releasing any original over - pressure .
But the oil was already in the reservoir .
Fluid inclusions
While geological features such as kimberlite pipes have been mined below the level of the Precambrian basement ( Holmes 1979 ) , 32 we now have a greater understanding of the earth ’s structure because of improvements in seismic capability .
For example , Cartwright ( 2007 ) shows examples of what he calls “ blowout pipes ” within the North Sea .
Later he quotes diameters of 100 m to 3 km , and heights up to 2.5 km .
These pipes are potentially the answer to Hogg , Selliers , and Jourdan ’s ( 1992 ) question about the origin of hot acidic waters during deposition of the reservoir facies for Alwyn and Smørbukk that give rise to the fluid inclusions .
They could be the conduits used by the “ fountains of the great deep , ” but if any over - pressured formations remained at the end of day 150 ( when the “ fountains of the great deep ” closed ) they may have had a less - catastrophic origin due to de-watering .
Dealing with Objections
Theological and physical objections have been raised against this theory that oil is “ theobaric . ”
This section deals briefly with four key ones .
Readers are welcome to contact the author for more details , or discuss their own points .
Secular pressure
Mention the word “ God ” in a science paper , and it is not likely to be printed .
Gould ( 1999 ) came up with this idea of science and religion having their individual magisteria .
Science and religion cannot be mixed .
But the truth is that most people who object to the Bible do so , not on intellectual grounds , but because of its call to be obedient to the ways of God ( Lennox 2007 ) .
Furthermore , Jesus never seemed to divide life into the secular and the sacred .
This view is sustained in Romans 1:20 , where we are reminded that God ’s invisible nature can be understood through what He has created .
Objections from old - earth creationists
Disappointingly , some Christians fail to offer a consistent reason for their line of thinking , because young - earth creationism may be seen as going back to “ the God of the gaps . ”
The issue has been addressed by Weinberger ( 2008 ) , who argues that as long as the science is consistent with the Bible , then we should not worry about offering an explanation for phenomenon that science has no explanation for .
After all , God does not try to prove His existence .
He simply tells us that He is there .
The science and the theology now form an impregnable position on the origin of oil .
Objections from some young - earth creationists
There has been much discussion within young - earth creationist circles about Whitcomb and Morris ’ ( 1961 ) thesis that the bulk of the fossiliferous geological strata are the result of the Flood .
Theological objections have been raised against this point of view , with claims by Recolonization geologists that God would have surely destroyed everything so completely during the Flood that no evidence of it would remain .
In answer to this objection there are several points :
Fish survived outside the Ark during the Flood .
Why not other things ?
Seeds and tree branches survived the Flood ( to propagate the olive tree ) .
So why not other things ?
God teaches us through recordable and observable events in the physical world .
( Jesus , according to Luke , began to “ do and teach . ”
Note the order ! )
If the Flood left no trace ( so that the fossiliferous strata are post - Flood ) , then the biggest geological event after Creation breaks this pattern .
In terms of the science , we have shown that oil reservoirs must have been deposited and filled during the Flood .
Since , using uniformitarian terminology , reservoirs vary in age from Carboniferous to Tertiary , these strata and the ones in between must be Flood deposits , although it would be risky without further work trying to find boundaries for the pre-Flood landscape , day 40 ( when the mabbul ceases ) , or day 150 ( when the “ fountains of the great deep ” close ) , on the basis of material in this paper .
Smelly fossils
There are occasions when fossils ( including marine life ) are reported to have an oily smell .
The claim is made that this supports the biogenic origin of oil , and may be inconsistent with the model described above .
The human nose can identify a small number of individual smells , but not with sufficient precision to identify the alkane 15 ( which could have come from a biogenic oil ) from the alkane 14 , which cannot be explained ( yet ) by biogenic methods .
Technical objection — environmental loss
If the oil entered the reservoirs whilst sedimentation was proceeding , perfectly impervious cap rocks could not have been present to ensure that no oil was lost to the environment .
Just as today , seeps of oil occurred , so some loss of oil to the environment would have occurred during emplacement .
In the case of certain petroleum reservoirs , there appears to have been more petroleum in the cap rocks than in the reservoirs .
Three mechanisms would have served to reduce the losses .
First , there may have been a limited volume of oil released , governed by the physical size of the primordial repository .
Second , the oil would have been migrating upwards into a rain of sediment downwards .
This would have slowed the oil ’s ascent to Darcy flow rates .
Third , the cap rocks could have arrived like a focal - plane shutter on a camera .
Theological objection — environmental loss
Why , if God created the oil and then it moved during the Flood , did He allow so much waste of oil in the cap rocks that we cannot access ?
We could as easily ask why God made so many galaxies .
They have no effect on life now .
Yet is n’t the oil to remind us that the Flood was real ?
Summary and Conclusions
The biogenic process that supposedly converted organic matter into the full suites of oils and gases is a seriously deficient idea .
The abiogenic route has some merits , but is ill - defined in terms of its geochemistry and secondary migration .
Its main support comes from those who see problems with biogenic oil , but are not willing to accept any form of metaphysical origin of oil .
Neither of the two models provides a geological explanation as to how oil and gas entered reservoirs whilst they were still at shallow depth , and how the hydrocarbons were subsequently retained .
We are therefore left with the distinct possibility that oil and gas were made by God in the Creation Week , and that they moved into their present positions during the biblical Flood .
Scientific and theological reasons have been provided to substantiate this thesis .
The conclusions about the origin of oil confirm that the bulk of the fossiliferous geological strata are Flood deposits .
This means we have some potential powerful Christian apologetics .
References
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , May 6 , 2009 Wednesday , May 6 , 2009
On the eve of the 2009 Bilderberg Group conference , which is due to be held May 14 - 17 at the 5 star Nafsika Astir Palace Hotel in Vouliagmeni , Greece , investigative reporter Daniel Estulin has uncovered shocking details of what the elitists plan to do with the economy over the course of the next year .
The Bilderberg Group meeting is an annual confab of around 150 of the world ’s most influential powerbrokers in government , industry , banking , media , academia and the military - industrial complex .
The secretive group operates under “ Chatham House rules , ” meaning that no details of what is discussed can ever be leaked to the media , despite editors of the world ’s biggest newspapers , the Washington Post , the New York Times and the Financial Times , being present at the meeting .
According to Estulin ’s sources , which have been proven highly accurate in the past , Bilderberg is divided on whether to put into motion , “ Either a prolonged , agonizing depression that dooms the world to decades of stagnation , decline and poverty … or an intense - but - shorter depression that paves the way for a new sustainable economic world order , with less sovereignty but more efficiency . ”
The information takes on added weight when one considers the fact that Estulin ’s previous economic forecasts , which were based on leaks from the same sources , have proven deadly accurate .
Estulin correctly predicted the housing crash and the 2008 financial meltdown as a result of what his sources inside Bilderberg told him the elite were planning based on what was said at their 2006 meeting in Canada and the 2007 conference in Turkey .
Details of the economic agenda were contained in a pre-meeting booklet being handed out to Bilderberg members .
On a more specific note , Estulin warns that Bilderberg are fostering a false picture of economic recovery , suckering investors into ploughing their money back into the stock market again only to later unleash another massive downturn which will create “ massive losses and searing financial pain in the months ahead , ” according to a Canada Free Press report .
According to Estulin , Bilderberg is assuming that U.S. unemployment figures will reach around 14 % by the end of the year , almost doubling the current official figure of 8.1 per cent .
Estulin ’s sources also tell him that Bilderberg will again attempt to push for the enactment of the Lisbon Treaty , a key centerpiece of the agenda to fully entrench a federal EU superstate , by forcing the Irish to vote again on the document in September / October despite having rejected it already , along with other European nations , in national referendums .
“ One of their concerns is addressing and neutralizing the anti-Lisbon treaty movement called “ Libertas ” led by Declan Ganley .
One of the Bilderberger planned moves is to use a whispering campaign in the US media suggested that Ganley is being funded by arms dealers in the US linked to the US military , ” reports CFP .
Daniel Estulin , Jim Tucker , and other sources who have infiltrated Bilderberg meetings in the past have routinely provided information about the Bilderberg agenda that later plays out on the world stage , proving that the organization is not merely a “ talking shop ” as debunkers claim , but an integral planning forum for the new world order agenda .
Indeed , just last month Belgian viscount and current Bilderberg - chairman Étienne Davignon bragged that Bilderberg helped create the Euro by first introducing the policy agenda for a single currency in the early 1990’s .
Bilderberg ’s agenda for a European federal superstate and a single currency likely goes back even further .
A BBC investigation uncovered documents from the early Bilderberg meetings which confirmed that the European Union was a brainchild of Bilderberg .
In spring 2002 , when war hawks in the Bush administration were pushing for a summer invasion of Iraq , Bilderbergers expressed their desire for a delay and the attack was not launched until March the following year .
In 2006 , Estulin predicted that the U.S. housing market would be allowed to soar before the bubble was cruelly popped , which is exactly what transpired .
In 2008 , Estulin predicted that Bilderberg were creating the conditions for a financial calamity , which is exactly what began a few months later with the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
Bilderberg has routinely flexed its muscles in establishing its role as kingmaker .
The organization routinely selects presidential candidates as well as running mates and prime ministers .
Bill Clinton and Tony Blair were both groomed by the secretive organization in the early 1990 ’s before rising to prominence .
Barack Obama ’s running mate Joe Biden was selected by Bilderberg luminary James A. Johnson , and John Kerry ’s 2004 running mate John Edwards was also anointed by the group after he gave a glowing speech at the conference in 2004 .
Bilderberg attendees even broke house rules to applaud Edwards at the end of a speech he gave to the elitists about American politics .
The choice of Edwards was shocking to media pundits who had fully expected Dick Gephardt to secure the position .
The New York Post even reported that Gephardt had been chosen and “ Kerry - Gephardt ” stickers were being placed on campaign vehicles before being removed when Edwards was announced as Kerry ’s number two .
A 2008 Portuguese newspaper report highlighted the fact that Pedro Santana Lopes and Jose Socrates attended the 2004 meeting in Stresa , Italy before both going on to become Prime Minister of Portugal .
Several key geopolitical decisions were made at last year ’s Bilderberg meeting in Washington DC , again emphasizing the fact that the confab is far more than an informal get - together .
As we reported at the time , Bilderberg were concerned that the price of oil was accelerating too fast after it hit $ 150 a barrel and wanted to ensure that “ oil prices would probably begin to decline ” .
This is exactly what happened in the latter half of 2008 as oil again sunk below $ 50 a barrel .
We were initially able to predict the rapid rise in oil prices in 2005 when oil was at $ 40 , because Bilderberg had called for prices to rise during that year ’s meeting in Munich .
During the conference in Germany , Henry Kissinger told his fellow attendees that the elite had resolved to ensure that oil prices would double over the course of the next 12 - 24 months , which is exactly what happened .
Also at last year ’s meeting , former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice formalized plans to sign a treaty on installing a U.S. radar base in the Czech Republic with Czech Foreign Minister Karel Schwarzenberg .
Rice was joined at the meeting by Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who reportedly encouraged EU globalists to get behind an attack on Iran .
Low and behold , days later the EU threatened Iran with sanctions if it did not suspend its nuclear enrichment program .
There was also widespread speculation that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama ’s “ secret meeting , ” which was accomplished with the aid of cloak and dagger tactics like locking journalists on an airplane to keep them from tracking the two down , took place at the Bilderberg meeting in DC .
It remains to be seen what kind of mainstream media press coverage Bilderberg 2009 will be afforded because , despite the proven track record of Bilderberg having a central role in influencing subsequent geopolitical and financial world events , and despite last year ’s meeting being held in Washington DC , the U.S. corporate media oversaw an almost universal blackout of reporting on the conference , its attendees , and what was discussed .
Once again , it will be left to the alternative media to fill the vacuum and educate the people on exactly what the globalists have planned for us over the coming year .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Graham Hayden , Managing Director at Excel Passenger Logistics , said :
" We want passengers to enjoy the very highest level of service and the installation of free " We want passengers to enjoy the very highest level of service and the installation of free Wi-Fi on our fleet is a major part of our offering .
For international passengers , the presence of free Wi-Fi avoids expensive data roaming fees that make using 3G connections aboard so unattractive . "
The Sweden - based Icomera , a provider of cellular broadband gateways , has announced that UK - based Excel Passenger Logistics has selected its Mobile Broadband Gateway to provide Wi -Fi ( wireless broadband ) connectivity and GPS tracking on buses and coaches serving British airports .
Passengers travelling on Excel ground transport connections to Stansted , Liverpool and Manchester airports will benefit from free Hotspot Internet access at broadband speeds up to several megabits per second ( Mbps ) .
To date all five major UK transport operators – Stagecoach , Arriva , FirstGroup , National Express and Go-Ahead – have deployed Icomera - based Internet systems on key routes favoured by commuters .
With the proliferation of Wi-Fi enabled portable devices such as the iPhone , free on - board wireless broadband is rapidly becoming expected by passengers , especially on commuter routes and inter-city transport services .
While his latest movie Being John Malkovich ( 1999 ) is in production , screenwriter Charlie Kaufman is hired by Valerie Thomas to adapt Susan Orlean 's non-fiction book " The Orchid Thief " for the screen .
Thomas bought the movie rights before Orlean wrote the book , when it was only an article in The New Yorker .
The book details the story of rare orchid hunter John Laroche , whose passion for orchids and horticulture made Orlean discover passion and beauty for the first time in her life .
Charlie wants to be faithful to the book in his adaptation , but despite Laroche himself being an interesting character in his own right , Charlie is having difficulty finding enough material in Laroche to fill a movie , while equally not having enough to say cinematically about the beauty of orchids .
At the same time , Charlie is going through other issues in his life .
His insecurity as a person does n't allow him to act upon his feelings for Amelia Kavan , who is interested in him as a man .
And Charlie 's twin ... Written by Huggo
Titolo : Jonathan Strange e il signor Norrell ( Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell ) .
Scrittore : Susanna Clarke .
Genere : fantasy , fantastico , storico .
Editore : Tea .
Anno : 2004 .
Voto : 7.5 .
Dove lo trovi : qui .
Oggi recensisco un romanzo fantasy recente , e in particolare un romanzo di grande successo , best seller per diversi anni e additato da molte parti come una sorta di “ grande romanzo ottocentesco ” .
Parlo di Jonathan Strange e il Signor Norrell , primo libro di Susanna Clarke , scritto nel 2004 e vincitore l’anno seguente del Premio Hug o e del World Fantasy Award , i massimi riconoscimenti per la narrativa fantastica a livello mondiale ( insieme al Premio Nebula ) .
La storia è ambientata nel XIX secolo , benché in un XIX secolo alternativo , in cui , ossia , la magia esiste ed è sempre esistita , per quanto nell ’ultimo periodo sembra essere scomparsa , tanto da aversi solo maghi teorici e non pratici .
Dunque , solo studiosi di magia e di libri sulla magia , ma non maghi veri e propri .
Fino a che entra in scena Norbert Norrell , il primo mago pratico da lungo tempo , che , una volta trasferitosi a Londra , cercherà in tutti i modi di riportare in auge la magia .
Il suo obiettivo è però duplice , e in parte contraddittorio .
Da un lato , difatti , vuole che la magia torni ai fasti di un tempo , come riconoscimento sociale e come utilizzo , con tanto di incarichi governativi .
Dall ’altro lato , egli vuole rimanere l’unico mago esistente , e non a caso scoraggia chiunque altro dal suo studio , tanto a parole , quanto nei fatti ( per esempio comprandosi ogni libro sulla magia pratica , tagliando le fonti alla base ) .
Ma un secondo mago spunta fuori : Jonathan Strange , personalità del tutto differente da quella di Norrell : tanto vivace e ardito il primo , quanto prudente e introverso il secondo … che comunque accetterà di prendere il primo come allievo , pur facendogli leggere non tutti i libri della sua ricchissima biblioteca .
Ciò metterà in moto tutta una serie di eventi , che porterà all ’allontanamento , e anzi all ’aperta rivalità , dei due .
In mezzo , molti altri personaggi : da John Childermass a Henry Lascelles , da Christopher Drawlight a Sir Walter Pole , la cui moglie Norrell riporterà in vita dopo la sua prematura dipartita , benché in modo artefatto .
E ancora , da Stephen Black , servo di Sir Pole , a Vinculus , bizzarro mago di strada , da Arabella , moglie di Strange , a John Uskglass , il Re Corvo , il più grande mago di tutti i tempi , dal gentiluomo dai capelli lanuginosi , essere fatato dall ’egotismo molto spiccato , a Henry Woodhope , fratello di Arabella .
Passando poi per svariati personaggi realmente esistiti , col libro che peraltro ha una connotazione storica molto forte : Napoleone , Lord Byron , il Duca di Wellington , Giorgio III , etc .
La connotazione storica del libro è data da differenti fattori : non solo i personaggi realmente esistiti in esso inseriti , ma anche l’ambientazione generale , la descrizione di eventi reali ( per esempio la guerra tra Inghilterra e Francia ) , nonché , soprattutto , uno stile letterario veramente vecchia maniera , di un’eleganza molto semplice e contenuta .
Un’eleganza molto “ british ” , che ha un forte vantaggio e un altrettanto forte svantaggio :
- il primo è di conferire a Jonathan Strange e il signor Norrell un fascino retrò ,
- il secondo è di generare un testo lunghissimo e lentissimo .
Per dare un ’idea , il testo consta di quasi 900 pagine , che tuttavia non si divorano perché Susanna Clarke non ha il potere di tenere il lettore incollato alle pagine del suo libro .
romanzo abbia delle sue peculiarità positive , e nonostante alla fine la trama scioglierà tutti i suoi nodi , intersecando peraltro tutti i personaggi tra di loro ( cosa lodevole ) , il libro non ingrana , e si legge con discreto piacere ma non con entusiasmo ( quello che , per intenderci , ho provato per Harry Potter , per , per La storia infinita , per Il gioco di Ender , etc ) .
Insomma , nonostante ilabbia delle sue peculiarità positive , e nonostante alla fine la trama scioglierà tutti i suoi nodi , intersecando peraltro tutti i personaggi tra di loro ( cosa lodevole ) , ilnon ingrana , e si legge con discreto piacere ma non con entusiasmo ( quello che , per intenderci , ho provato per , per Eragon , per , per , etc ) .
Dunque , per farla breve , iniziate il libro di Susanna Clarke solamente se pensate che il suo stile possa piacervi , tanto da reggerlo per tutte le sue 900 pagine (! ) .
Fosco Del Nero
Libri e Romanzi
Per rimanere aggiornato con le recensioni di , iscriviti al feed
Charles Robert Jenkins is running late .
He hurries into work at the souvenir shop to a chorus of approving calls that has become the foreign - language soundtrack to his life .
“ Jenkins - san ! ” shout two dozen tourists lined up to meet this diminutive man with jug - handle ears , a 69 - year - old American who speaks only a few words of their native tongue .
With a weary smile , Jenkins poses for a frenzy of snapshots , awkwardly holding a box of specialty cookies .
Everyone wants a piece of him , pressing in close to shake his hand and ask him to sign their souvenir snacks .
“ One day I counted 300 pictures in the first hour alone , ” Jenkins recalls in the easy cadence of his native North Carolina .
“ Then I just gave up counting . ”
Advertisement
And so begins another day in the bizarre life of a man famous for “ the stupidest decision of my life . ”
In 1965 , Jenkins was a U.S. Army sergeant assigned to the demilitarized zone that divides the Korean peninsula , a skinny 24 - year - old who was terrified of being sent to what he considered a sure death in Vietnam .
One night , after guzzling 10 beers for courage , he abandoned his sense of duty and freedom as he knew it to stumble across the border into North Korea , a desperate midnight maneuver that led to four lost decades in communist captivity .
Jenkins quickly became the Pyongyang government ’s most prized Cold War pawn .
He starred in propaganda movies and memorized the inflated political tracts of “ Great Leader ” Kim Il Sung , enduring a life so dreary and deprived that “ most days you wished you were dead . ”
Advertisement
Eventually , he married Hitomi Soga , a Japanese woman abducted in 1978 as a teenager by the North Koreans .
They raised two daughters , eking out an existence on government - issued rice and the undersized vegetables they grew in their garden .
Soga was released by Pyongyang in 2002 but later reconnected with Jenkins and the children she left behind .
The couple ’s emotional reunion , falling into each other ’s arms at an Indonesian airport , elevated them to the status of unofficial Japanese royalty -- their fairy - tale cross-cultural romance celebrated by an entire nation .
In 2004 , Jenkins settled here on isolated Sado island off Japan ’s western coast , explaining that it was for the sake of his family .
Soga , who was abducted from Sado , and daughters Mika and Brinda , who speak little English , have declined to discuss their captivity , which , for the daughters , ended along with Jenkins ’ in 2004 .
Not Jenkins .
Since his U.S. Army court - martial , at which he was sentenced to 30 days in jail for abandoning his unit , he has published a memoir , “ The Reluctant Communist , ” a book his wife did n’t want him to write out of fear of North Korean reprisals .
Advertisement
Still part Southern good ol ’ boy , Jenkins likes fast cars and racing his motorcycle .
He slaps his knee when he tells a joke .
But despite his five years of freedom , the Wal - Mart - style souvenir shop greeter remains a solitary figure , a modern - day man without a country .
He ’s an accidental expat with few close friends who still grapples with the guilt and shame of abandoning his men and his nation so many years ago .
The fallout from being held more than half his life in a secretive , alien culture still hovers about him :
He knows that some folks back in North Carolina , the place that ’s still part of his bones , dismiss him as a communist sympathizer .
Yet in Japan , where he is accepted , even embraced , he often feels like a dime - store curiosity .
Life remains a dizzying cultural puzzle .
He admits that he speaks better Korean than English .
He uses Korean with his wife and daughters , who prefer to speak Japanese among themselves .
Advertisement
He likes Elvis Presley , a boyhood hero , but also listens to Michael Jackson , whose music he first discovered buying black - market cassettes in Pyongyang , which he pronounces “ pinyan . ”
“ You could n’t make up his life -- it ’s something out of an absurd film , ” said Jim Frederick , who co-wrote Jenkins ’ 2008 book .
“ It ’s the story of a stranger in a strange land .
“ While everyone is nice to him , he ’s still an outsider , still a stranger .
He ’s still not home , and he probably never will be . ”
--
Advertisement
The moment he crossed the barbed - wire border into North Korea , Jenkins realized he ’d made a terrible mistake .
His time in North Korea was part comedy , part horror .
He says he and three other American deserters mocked their political minders , whom they nicknamed Whitey , the Fat Cadre and the Colonel in Glasses .
Jenkins also says he once had part of a U.S. military tattoo on his arm cut away -- without anesthesia .
In 1980 , he was introduced to Soga and soon became protective of the slight woman 20 years his junior .
They quickly married .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t know what drove us together .
On the face of it , we had very little in common , ” Jenkins wrote in his memoir .
“ I do know that we were very lonely in a world where we both were total outsiders .
And it took us a very short time to realize that we both hated North Korea .
That gave us a strong common bond . ”
--
Jenkins rounds the corner in his Japanese subcompact and points to a spot along the road .
“ There , ” he says , “ right there . ”
Near his wife ’s childhood home , where the family now lives , is the place where Hitomi Sago and her mother were abducted as they returned home from the market .
Decades later , the mother ’s whereabouts remain unknown .
Advertisement
Nearly 700 miles east of Pyongyang , the site serves as a grim reminder of a captive past that will not leave Jenkins be .
He often dreams about being chased by North Korean agents .
More often , he fantasizes about kidnapping one of the sons of current North Korean leader Kim Jong
Il , as a way to have some sort of revenge for a life lost .
Jenkins still shivers and looks over his shoulder , unconvinced that North Korean agents wo n’t come for him .
“ I figure I know more about North Korea than any foreigner in the world outside of Pyongyang , ” he says .
“ I do n’t care if they kill me .
I just do n’t want them to take me back . ”
Each day , Jenkins reports to the souvenir shop with a homemade lunch of rice and dumplings his wife prepares before she heads off to work at a nearby nursing home .
He has gained weight since arriving here at just over 100 pounds .
Advertisement
Sometimes he tires of the fishbowl life , the reporters who follow his every move .
They trailed him to Tokyo when he went to take his driver ’s license exam and followed him to North Carolina , erecting their cameras in the front yard when he returned home to bury his 94 - year - old mother .
And although he is thankful to the Japanese , he often feels like screaming if he has to pose for one more tourist snapshot .
He now declines to autograph the boxes of cookies thrust at him .
With a smirk , he wheels out the life - size replica he calls “ the dummy ” that his bosses produce for tourists when he ’s not there .
“ The tourists have seen his face on TV so often , they consider him a movie star , ” said Keigo Homma , a volunteer who helps Jenkins with his Japanese .
“ He ’s about their size , not like other Americans who tower over them .
So they feel comfortable with Jenkins . ”
Advertisement
Despite the annoyances , Jenkins revels in his life without barbed wire , in being free to kick - start his motorcycle and go out for a spin .
Like the day the local mayor let him race down the tiny island airport ’s runway .
“ Got up to 150 miles an hour , ” he says with a smile .
“ Man , that ’s fast . ”
He has quit smoking , but he says he can still taste the harsh North Korean cigarettes that burned your lips when lighted .
There are other legacies of the nightmare :
On an island where sashimi is plentiful , Jenkins says he can’t bring himself to eat raw fish .
He ’s afraid the taste will evoke the sickening feeling he had in North Korea , eating fish he was sure had fed on the bodies of starvation victims dumped into rivers .
He feels anxious about money , so he keeps working .
“ I ca n’t retire , ever , ” he says .
“ I ’m not living off my wife -- I ’m not doing that . ”
Advertisement
He might , he says , write another book about his life in North Korea -- half for the money and half to spite Kim Jong Il .
“ I do n’t have to get his permission to do something anymore , ” he says .
He keeps tabs on his old captors via the news on cable TV and says he pities the two U.S. reporters being held in North Korea .
They ’re being played like cheap marionettes , just like he was , “ dancing to Kim Jong Il ’s fiddle . ”
And he does a lot of remembering .
The rest of his family just wants to forget , but Jenkins cannot .
So on long walks along the scenic island back roads with his Labrador named Biscuit , the dog hears his stories .
Jenkins wonders about the soldiers he left behind that night before crossing the border north :
Are they alive ?
Would they ever forgive him ?
Advertisement
Often , involuntarily , the mindless North Korean political tracts Jenkins was once forced to learn invade his mind .
He ca n’t help but remember the beatings he received if he did n’t know them well enough , and he winces .
Struggling with Japanese , he insists that the language is n’t hard because it ’s grammatically similar to Korean .
“ All I ’ve got to do is memorize the words , ” Jenkins says .
Then he sighs .
“ But I ’m tired of memorizing things . ”
--
john.glionna@latimes.com
LONDON , July 14 , 2009  -- Great Britain has long struggled with the highest teenage pregnancy rate in Western Europe .
Now a local government initiative in northern England is trying a new and somewhat controversial approach to sex education -- encouraging teenagers to masturbate .
In a new National Health Service leaflet entitled " Pleasure , " teenagers are encouraged to exercise their right to " an orgasm a day . "
" Health promotion experts advocate five portions of fruit and veg a day and 30 minutes ' physical activity three times a week .
What about sex or masturbation twice a week ? " says the leaflet , which Sheffield 's Primary Care Trust has circulated to parents , teenagers and youth workers in and around the city .
The leaflet has caused quite a stir .
Many people say they believe it will encourage teenagers to engage in underage or unsafe sex .
Steven Slack , one of the authors , disagrees .
He was unavailable for comment to ABC News , but previously told the Daily Telegraph that the leaflet does the opposite , and , in fact , encourages teenagers to delay losing their virginity until they are certain they will enjoy the experience .
Slack also said that by encouraging teenagers to experiment with sex , the pamphlet could dispel the myth that " there is only one way to have ' proper sex . ' "
Psychologists who specialize in sexuality and family health in the United States generally supported the message , but disagreed about the method to reach teens .
" These are still minors , and the parents , even if they are supportive of the idea , might be a bit scandalized to see their children being talked to directly about sexuality without taking the parents ' consent into account , " psychologist and columnist Pepper Schwartz wrote in an e-mail to ABCNews.com .
" I think talking about and demystifying masturbation is a great idea -- but it should be done with parent cooperation rather than bombarding their child with information without context or respect for their own cultural and historical traditions , " she said .
Experts Disagree About Pro-Masturbation Pamphlets
Other psychologists specializing in sexuality , however , were completely supportive of a comprehensive education campaign , including covering masturbation .
" Generally speaking , I see nothing inappropriate in suggesting that masturbation is both pleasurable and healthy for both young adults and older adults , " New York City - based psychologist and author Joy Davidson said .
" If one is old enough to be potentially sexually active , one is old enough to deserve honest , comprehensive information about all aspects of sexuality , including desire and pleasure , and to be encouraged to learn about one 's body via self - stimulation , " she said .
" It 's long past time that appreciation of one 's sexual feelings , blended with emotional awareness and knowledge of safer sex practices , replace methods of fear - provoking and shame - instilling sexuality mis-education , " she said .
This leaflet is just the latest in a succession of U.K. government initiatives to try and reduce the rate of teenage pregnancies .
Earlier schemes have generally involved educational classes and courses designed to teach teenagers how to practice safe sex .
However , shock tactics have also been tried .
In one video , teenagers were shown running across a school sports field to watch a fellow student giving birth .
The video was an attempt to convey to teenagers the harsh reality of parenthood at such a young age .
Earlier this year , another leaflet was distributed to parents to encourage them to talk to their teens about sex without judgement , explaining that there is no " right " or " wrong , " rather that generations simply view sex differently .
Finally , the U.K. government has proposed relaxing the rules on condom advertising and allowing abortion clinics to advertise their services on TV and radio , despite doctors ' calls for these advertisements to be banned .
Mr. Panetta scuttled the program , which would have relied on paramilitary teams , shortly after the C.I.A. ’s counterterrorism center recently informed him of its existence .
The next day , June 24 , he told Congressional Intelligence Committees that the plan had been hidden from lawmakers , initially at the instruction of former Vice President Dick Cheney .
The program was designed in the frantic weeks after the Sept. 11 attacks when President George W. Bush signed a secret order authorizing the C.I.A. to capture or kill operatives of Al Qaeda around the world .
To be able to kill Osama bin Laden or his top deputies wherever they might be  even in cities or countries far from a war zone  struck top agency officials as an urgent goal , according to people involved in the discussions .
But in practice , creating and training the teams proved difficult .
“ It sounds great in the movies , but when you try to do , it it ’s not that easy , ” said one former intelligence official .
“ Where do you base them ?
What do they look like ?
Are they going to be sitting around at headquarters on 24 - hour alert waiting to be called ? ”
A C.I.A. spokesman declined to comment for this article .
There has been intense speculation about the nature of the program since members of the House Intelligence Committee disclosed last week that Mr. Panetta had put an end to it .
The Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that the secret program was intended to capture or kill senior Qaeda leaders .
Current and former officials said that the program was designed as a more “ surgical ” solution to eliminating terrorists than missile strikes with armed Predator drones , which cannot be used in cities and have occasionally resulted in dozens of civilian casualties .
PHOENIX — President Obama urged more than 5,000 veterans gathered here to brace for a daunting and perhaps bloody period ahead in Afghanistan , but told them he believes this war is “ fundamental to the defense of our people . ”
“ As I said when I announced this strategy , there will be more difficult days ahead , ” the president said at the annual convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars .
“ The insurgency in Afghanistan did n’t just happen overnight , and we wo n’t defeat it overnight .
This will not be quick .
This will not be easy . ”
In a 35 - minute speech to a group that harbors , in some cases , deep reservations about the president ’s war policy , Mr. Obama took firm ownership of the long - running Afghan initiative .
The speech came as Afghanistan prepares for presidential elections on Thursday .
Hamid Karzai , 51 , the incumbent , is expected to win re-election despite widespread criticism among ordinary Afghans and Western critics of weak leadership and tolerance of rampant corruption and drug trafficking .
A late surge by his chief rival , former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah , threatens to deny Mr. Karzai the 50 percent margin needed to win outright in the first round of voting .
At the same time , Mr. Obama ’s administration is in the midst of an escalation in Afghanistan , with 62,000 American troops now on Afghan soil , including 21,000 that he dispatched as part of the so - called “ surge . ”
The president ’s speech appeared in part to be aimed at preparing the country for the road ahead .
“ These new efforts have not been without a price , ” he said .
“ The fighting has been fierce .
More Americans have given their lives . ”
As he prosecutes the Afghan war , Mr. Obama pledged he would carefully look after the needs of returning troops and would work hard to eliminate the wasteful spending that he believes is gumming up the funds he needs to get the job done .
To drive home his defense of the effort under way in Afghanistan , the president made clear reference to the contrasts between the Afghan initiative and the one he inherited in Iraq .
The Afghan war , he said , “ will be based on good intelligence and guided by a sound strategy … I will give you a clear mission , defined goals , and the equipment and support you need to get the job done . ”
“ We must never forget , ” he added .
“ This is not a war of choice .
This is a war of necessity … .
This is not only a war worth fighting , it is fundamental to the defense of our people . ”
His discussion of the Iraq war offered a sharp point in contrast .
After more than six years , he said , the United States has taken important steps forward , transferring control of all cities and towns to Iraq ’s security services in June and beginning the transition to an Iraq with full responsibility for its own security .
Using some of his most pointed language on the topic , he told the veterans that the military will begin removing combat brigades from Iraq later this year , remove all combat brigades by the end of next August and bring home all troops by the end of 2011 .
“ And for America , ” he said , “ the Iraq war will end . ”
Peter D. Feaver , a National Security Council adviser on Iraq during the George W. Bush administration , said that even if the United States meets the 2011 withdrawal deadline , the number of U.S. troops still allowed in Iraq would remain in the thousands and possibly tens of thousands under an agreement between the governments in Washington and Baghdad .
In addition , Mr. Feaver said that while Mr. Obama has “ always been very clear that he views those deadlines as hard deadlines … two years is a long time from now , so a lot could happen between now and then . ”
“ The interesting test will be what he ’ll do two years from now if a responsible withdrawal requires some tweaking of that deadline , ” said Mr. Feaver , a professor of political science and international relations at Duke University .
“ My guess is he will tweak it . ”
Meghan L. O’Sullivan , a key adviser on Iraq to former President George W. Bush , advised that the Obama administration should “ put a premium on maintaining flexibility within the time lines that have been established , particularly given that 2010 has the potential to be a very volatile year for Iraq . ”
At the end of 2011 , she said , “ it is conceivable that both the United States and Iraq could see it as in their interests to negotiate some kind of modest follow - on agreement , particularly in light of the fact that Iraq will be unlikely to protect itself from all external threats for some time to come . ”
The president ’s speech was not his first on military matters .
In February , Mr. Obama laid out his plans for withdrawal from Iraq during a speech at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina .
Earlier this month , he visited George Mason University to discuss new benefits for troops returning from Iraq and Afghanistan .
But this speech appeared more mindful of concerns that have been dogging the president about his ability to keep a lid on spending of all sorts , including for the military budget .
Mr. Obama told the group he has put an end to unnecessary no - bid contracts , reformed defense procurement “ so weapons systems do n’t spin out of control ” and proposed cutting tens of billions of dollars in projects he said were not needed .
He referred specifically to the F - 22 fighter jets , plans for a new engine for the Joint Strike Fighter and billions of dollars for a new presidential helicopter that he has opposed in recent spending bills on Capitol Hill .
“ Maybe you heard about this , ” he said .
“ Among other capabilities , it would let me cook a meal while under nuclear attack .
I ’ll tell you something — if the United States of America is under nuclear attack , the last thing on my mind will be whipping up a snack . ”
The talk of reform garnered some positive reviews from the veterans , who sat quietly through most of the speech .
“ If he does what he says , it will be fine , ” said Milo Hazen , 80 , a Korean War veteran from Syracuse , Neb .
“ But I worry he ’s just a windjammer , full of bull .
A great speaker who ca n’t do a lot , and probably wo n’t even try . ”
One of the best - received moments of the speech came when the president tipped his hat to his Republican rival for the presidency .
Saying government waste is neither a Democratic nor a Republican issue , he said he was “ glad that I have a partner in this effort in a great veteran , a great Arizonan and a great American who has shown the courage to stand and fight this waste — Senator John McCain . ”
Mr. McCain was not in Phoenix to receive the compliment , though .
He was spending a portion of his August recess on a fact - finding mission to Iraq .
Jon Ward and Willis Witter contributed to this report .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
There are some surprises on the list .
The list is based on a survey by condom maker Durex , so the accuracy is debatable , but it ’s fun to peruse it nonetheless .
**************************************************
No.10 – Mexico
Want to take a sexy siesta ?
Meet people of the sun and fun in our No. 10 horniest country .
Mexicans kick off our list of boot - knocking peoples , and they start from an early age .
In fact , in May of 2008 Mexico City ’s government distributed 700,000 copies of sex-ed textbooks to deliver to the city ’s student population , well aware that the kids would be doing the horizontal tango one way or another .
And when it comes to sex south of the border , there ’s always a way .
While prostitution is generally illegal in Mexico , it is legal in select cities like Tijuana where sex worker zones are set up for your benefit .
Horny hangouts : A huge spring break getaway , Mexico ’s resorts often melt into one giant pickup place .
Here are some of the more notable places to go in this horny country :
In Cancun , check out the popular bars — Senor Frogs , Daddy ‘ O and Coco Bongo .
In Acapulco try Palladium , a huge disco that overlooks several other bars , there ’s also Baby Lobster Bar and Thai Bar , both of which have a reputation for hot girls .
Visiting Cabo San Lucas ?
Then you definitely need to check out Squid Roe , a popular dance bar flowing with tequila .
A few other Cabo San Lucas pickup options include The Zoo and Mango deck .
If you ’re in Puerto Vallarta check out The Zoo ( another one ) and El Hilo for hot Mexican nights .
In Tijuana ?
Hit up Senor Frogs , Mundo Cafe or Safaris .
No.9 – Switzerland
Sure , they ’re politically neutral , but the Swiss definitely have an opinion about sex .
That opinion roughly translates to : “ Gimme more . ”
Apart from their regular bedroom feats , prostitution is also legal in this horny country .
Every year 350,000
Swiss pay their own way for pleasure .
With this level of commitment it ’s no wonder they made our list of top 10 horniest countries .
Horny hangouts :
If you ’re traveling in Zurich , you ’ll want to check out this popular spot , the Hive Bar or even Ba Ba Lu for loud music and a lively crowd that ’s sure to make your night one to remember .
No.8 – Spain
In the land of Latin love , sex is a foregone conclusion .
Its traditional , sexually charged culture has even gone through a modern update .
Recently , it ’s been reported that Spanish men have turned to our modern - day Spanish fly , Viagra , to please their ladies longer — even if they are fully capable of the act without the pill .
Of course , this little enhancement makes sure they meet their own expectations as well , proving that this is definitely one of the horniest countries around .
Horny hangouts :
In Barcelona , visit the seaside club Baja Beach where plenty of women come to see and be seen .
Your other bet for hot Spanish nights is Razzmatazz , which is a single club with five different clubs attached to it .
Here to party ?
Ibiza ’s got the answer : Just pick a bar , any bar , and you ’ll do fine .
No.7 – Malaysia
In public , this country definitely appears conservative .
For example , there was a recent controversy over whether sex education should be taught in high school or not — not exactly sexually liberated .
However , behind closed doors lies ( pun totally intended ) the real story : Malaysians are swinging from the bedposts , and loving every minute of it .
Occasionally we ’ll get a glimpse of it – like when Malaysia ’s Minister of Health was forced to step down after his homemade sex tapes made the rounds in January of 2008 .
Horny hangouts :
In Kuala Lumpur , check out these bars and clubs for a straightforward party : Aloha , Poppy Bar or the Rum Jungle .
To “ choose your own adventure ” visit the Beach Club where there ’s a good chance a girl comes at a price , but she ’ll be worth every penny .
No.6 – Italy
Many Italians live la dolce vita with sex high on their list of things to do on a daily basis .
A poll found that 32 % of Italians over 60 years old have sex regularly .
It ’s unclear if this means seniors are schtupping around the clock or once a week .
However , one thing ’s clear ; their frequency in the sack helped give this country a spot on our list of top 10 horniest countries .
Horny hangouts : Visiting Florence ?
Check out the Red Garter , a classic American - style bar with an international reputation as a pickup joint .
Your second choice should be Moyo , a laid - back club whose volume lets you have a conversation .
In Milan , good bets for passionate encounters are Propaganda , a huge nightclub , plus The Shocking Club , a club known for its crazier theme nights .
And when in Rome , visit the Drunken Ship , a popular party bar , and do n’t forget to do it as the Romans do it .
No.5 – Poland
For a fairly conservative culture , Poland has earned a steamy reputation as one of the horniest countries out there .
Poland has an annual Eroticon festival that showcases the latest and greatest sex toys and mechanisms in the adult industry .
Even one of Poland ’s politicians was caught in a sex scandal .
However , the most obvious evidence of Poland ’s hound - dog ways has to be the two Polish women who once held the world gangbang record , which they completed in their home country .
Need we explain ?
Horny hangouts :
If you ’re going to Warsaw , you ’ll want to visit Organza , a club with a good share of women .
Or for variety check out the two - floor bar Zoo ; this bar features plenty of space to party or chat up women .
Now Krakow :
While you ’re there go to Cien Klub , described as an institution it ’s a big club with lots of girls .
Krakow also features Frantic , another two - floor bar and the Goraczka Freak Club , not that kind of “ freak , ” but a good party place filled with ladies nonetheless .
No.4 – China
The more China ’s Cultural Revolution thaws , the more its sexual revolution heats up .
Want proof ?
Just in the past eight years , 5,000 sex shops have opened in Beijing alone .
Plus , China even has a SEXPO , where Chinese residents come to check out sex paraphernalia .
And with 70 % of the world ’s sex toys made in China , its horniest country status means that a good deal of their hard work wo n’t have to go very far .
Horny hangouts :
If you ’re visiting Shanghai , you need to check out these better - known spots : Bar Rouge , Zapata ’s and Windows .
If you ’re in Beijing , you ’ve got a few options : Visit the Sanlitun Lu District , often dubbed “ bar street ” for all its action .
For the tried - and - true joints check out Bar Blu , Suzie Wong and Brown ’s , all renowned meat markets .
And for your seedier pick you need to head to Maggie ’s , a popular nightclub known for its working girls .
No.3 – Russia
Was the Cold War ’s biggest secret that the Russians were having more sex than we were ?
Since the fall of Communism it looks a lot more likely that it actually was .
Russian ’s libidos are inspiring them to fill tons of new Moscow clubs and bars where hookups are a nightly pastime in this horny country .
Horny hangouts :
In Moscow , go to The Hungry Duck , a crazy bar that runs ladies ’ nights with male strippers three times a week , then lets men in the door once the strippers are off stage .
Sure , nothing is set in stone , but you ’d have to try hard to miss this softball pickup pitch .
Other Russian hot spots include Night Flight , where you can pick up Russian girls , and Propaganda , which is better - known for housing tourists rather than locals .
No.2 – Brazil
Considering this is the birthplace of the thong , it makes sense that sex is as essential as breathing in Brazil .
This horny country ’s beaches are filled with gorgeous women and during its annual Carnaval even the most stubborn inhibitions disappear and this destination proves its spot on our top 10 horniest countries list .
Horny hangouts :
In Rio , definitely visit the Lapa district .
It ’s a huge party spot , filled with clubs and gyrating women .
Other Rio options include the Nuth Bar , a two - story nightclub notorious as a pickup bar , plus Baronetti or Club Six .
Up for more adventure ?
You can negotiate your price openly at Help .
No.1 – Greece
This country has a long tradition of sex that dates back to ancient times — these are the guys that brought us pederasty and Sapphic love .
With its temperate Mediterranean weather , beaches and tons of islands , Greece ’s ingredients make it the No. 1 horniest country in the world .
Horny hangouts :
Set aside some time , and plenty of protection , because there are a number of pickup spots throughout the islands and on the mainland .
First , in Athens , try out Hoxton in the Gazi district , it ’s a trendy bar where backpackers are known to hang out .
For the islands , Corfu is renowned for its infamous pickup spot , The Pink Palace .
And while on the island of Los , check out these bars : Kahlua , Slammer Bar or the Red Bull Bar .
Finally , make sure to check out Mykonos , an island known for its partying .
While in Mykonos , visit Paradise Beach club that ’s set right on , you guessed it , a beach .
Paradise Beach is a big hangout , where clothing has been known to occasionally disappear .
Forwarded to us from EMBARQ Senior Fellow Lee Schipper :
The trouble with the DPJ is that it is a marriage of convenience between disparate groups that are united in their dislike of the LDP – both Mr Hatoyama and his immediate predecessor , Ichiro Ozawa , are defectors from the LDP – and once Mr Aso 's party has been overthrown , they may very quickly discover that there is insufficient glue to hold them together .
The party is made up of at least eight factions , ranging from a Left - wing grouping under former party president Naoto Kan , to an extremely conservative element that many observers believe make the LDP appear middle of the road .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia ’s most powerful business lobby moved to clamp down on Skype and its peers this week , telling lawmakers that the Internet phone services are a threat to Russian businesses and to national security .
In partnership with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ’s political party , the lobby created a working group to draft legal safeguards against what they said were the risks of Skype and other Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) telephone services .
VoIP software has used the Internet to let hundreds of millions of people talk long - distance for free , or at far cheaper rates than traditional service providers can offer .
At a meeting of the lobby this week , telecom executives portrayed the most popular VoIP programs like Skype and Icq as encroaching foreign entities that the government must control .
“ Without government restrictions , IP telephony causes certain concerns about security , ” the lobby ’s press release said .
“ Most of the service operators working in Russia , such as Skype and Icq , are foreign .
It is therefore necessary to protect the native companies in this sector and so forth . ”
Skype was not immediately available for comment .
In a presentation posted on the lobby ’s Web site , Vice President of TTK , a telecoms unit of state - owned Russian Railways , Vitaly Kotov , called on regulators to stop VoIP services from causing “ a likely and uncontrolled fall in profits for the core telecom operators . ”
Valery Ermakov , deputy head of Russia ’s No.3 mobile phone firm MegaFon , drove the point home with a picture of two hands in handcuffs , the caption running , “ protect investments and fight VoIP services . ”
Delegates at the meeting also warned that it has been impossible for police to spy on VoIP conversations , Vedomosti business daily reported on Friday .
The lobby , called the Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs , forecast that 40 percent of calls could be made through VoIP services by 2012 .
As an alternative to Skype and its peers , the telecom executives proposed creating VoIP services inside their own firms , which would then make them safely available to the Russian public .
“ MegaFon is interested in this market .
We ’re interested in providing analogous services .
We do n’t support limiting competition , but we want the market to be civilized , ” Ermakov said .
TTK ’s press service said on Friday that it will take until September for the relevant legal amendments to be drafted by the special committee , whose members include top telecoms executives and lawmakers from Putin ’s United Russia party .
British scientists are to begin work on a revolutionary project to record three - dimensional models of world heritage sites so that they can be re-created if they fall victim to climate change , natural disaster , war or terrorism .
The team of six – from Historic Scotland and the Glasgow School of Art – will team up next month with an American company , CyArk , to shoot laser beams at Mount Rushmore in South Dakota , creating a 3D model accurate to within 3 mm , digitally preserving the carved faces of former presidents George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln should archaeologists need to repair them .
Funding for the project was rushed through because of concerns over the deterioration of the granite rockface .
CyArk has identified several other " at- risk " sites , including the Acropolis in Athens , threatened by acid rain , and Machu Picchu in Peru , which suffers from excessive tourism .
Pollution , over - expansion and deforestation may have already permanently damaged Tikal National Park in Guatemala , one of the largest archaeological remains of the pre-Columbian Maya civilisation .
CyArk 's ultimate aim is to create 3D models of 500 sites around the world .
Work began this year on scanning the underworld of Rome , 170 km of winding catacombs dating back two millennia , and the Zapotec capital of Monte Albán , in Mexico .
Other sites proposed for digital mapping include Angkor Wat in Cambodia , the Khmer temple complex built for King Suryavarman II in the early 12th century , Thebes in Egypt and Pompeii , the Roman town buried by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius .
Digital scanning might have saved some of the historic buildings destroyed in the L'Aquila earthquake in Italy in April .
They include Santa Maria di Collemaggio , the church that was the site of the coronation of Pope Celestine V in 1294 , and Porta Napoli , Naples 's oldest gate , built in 1548 in honour of the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V. David Mitchell , director of the technical conservation group at Historic Scotland , cites the Buddhas of Bamiyan in Afghanistan – blown up by the Taliban in 2001 – as another example of what could have been saved by the new technology .
Although the Japanese government has pledged to help rebuild the giant monuments , carved from sandstone cliffs , it will be difficult to replicate the originals .
" If only they had been scanned , we could have helped rebuild them to their original state , " said Mitchell .
CyArk , founded by Ben Kacyra , the " John Logie Baird " of laser technology , teamed up with Historic Scotland and Glasgow School of Art after witnessing the latter 's pioneering work at digital documentation conferences in the United States and Scotland .
Mitchell said the Americans were amazed by the Scottish team 's technical capabilities , which have been used to create 3D models of Stirling Castle and Rosslyn Chapel in Midlothian .
" When Ben saw the work we were doing he said we were miles ahead of anyone else and was blown away , " said Mitchell .
" We have worked with Glasgow School of Art for a number of years on laser scanning and became the first group to use this technology on heritage sites .
It can pick out millions of points on a monument down to an accuracy of 3 mm , which has never been done before .
It 's cutting - edge stuff .
Working on Mount Rushmore will give us the opportunity to put Scotland on the world stage . "
Michael Russell , Scotland 's minister of culture , said the link with CyArk was the beginning of what he hoped would become " a successful long - term international partnership " .
Speaking from the US , Kacyra told the Observer he was delighted the Scottish team was on board for the five - year project .
" I was amazed at their advanced work , " he said .
" I had never seen any government organisation acquiring this kind of scanner and then start experimenting with it in the heritage field .
We are indebted to Historic Scotland for their very generous donation of resources and technology . "
Scanning is almost complete on New Lanark 's world heritage site , a restored 18th century cotton mill in southern Scotland .
Once work is complete at Mount Rushmore in October , the team will move to Skara Brae , " the heart of Neolithic Orkney " , which is under threat from coastal erosion .
The Antonine Wall , St Kilda and the Old and New Towns of Edinburgh are the remaining Scottish world heritage sites to be scanned .
The remaining four international sites have yet to be decided , but the Taj Mahal in India and the Longmen Grottoes in China , 2,345 niches carved from rock that house more than 100,000 statues , have been suggested as possibilities .
Several European companies have already expressed " huge interest " and have said that they are eager to utilise Historic Scotland 's scanning equipment for the preservation of other world heritage sites .
Kacyra added : " I hope we can continue our collaboration beyond the Scotland 10 and CyArk 500 and eventually transfer our technology to developing countries . "
Instead of re-evaluating whether the tubes are needed , her doctor then asks the nurses to tie her arms to the bed so she wo n’t hurt herself .
This only increases her agitation and keeps her bed - bound , causing her to lose muscle and bone mass .
Eventually , she recovers from the pneumonia and her mind is clearer , so she ’s considered ready for discharge  but she is no longer the woman she was before her illness .
She ’s more frail , and needs help with walking , bathing and daily chores .
Image Credit ... Kelly Blair
This should n’t happen .
All medical students are required to have clinical experiences in pediatrics and obstetrics , even though after they graduate most will never treat a child or deliver a baby .
Yet there is no requirement for any clinical training in geriatrics , even though patients 65 and older account for 32 percent of the average doctor ’s workload in surgical care and 43 percent in medical specialty care , and they make up 48 percent of all inpatient hospital days .
Medicare , the national health insurance for people 65 and older , contributes more than $ 8 billion a year to support residency training , yet it does not require that part of that training focus on the unique health care needs of older adults .
Medicare beneficiaries receive care from doctors who may not have been taught that heart attacks in octogenarians usually present without chest pain , or that confusion can be due to bladder infections , heart attacks or Benadryl .
They do not routinely check for memory problems , or know which community resources can help these patients manage their conditions .
They ’re uncomfortable discussing goals of care , and recommend screening tests and treatments to patients who are not going to live long enough to reap the benefits .
I was part of a group of doctors and medical educators who recently published in the journal Academic Medicine a set of minimum abilities that every medical student should demonstrate before graduating and caring for elderly patients .
Nicknamed the “ do n’t kill Granny ” list , it includes being able to prescribe medicines , assess patients ’ ability to care for themselves , recognize atypical presentations of common diseases , prevent falls , recognize the hazards of hospitalization and decide on treatments based on elderly patients ’ prognosis and their personal preferences .
The 2008 Institute of Medicine report “ Retooling for an Aging America ” resolved that all licensed health care professionals should be required to demonstrate such competence in the care of older adults .
But this resolution lacks teeth .
Medical resident training programs that receive Medicare money should be required to demonstrate that their trainees are competent in geriatric care .
Medicare should finance medical training in nursing homes .
And state licensing and medical specialty boards should require demonstration of geriatric competence for licensing and certification .
Sometimes it 's crucial to make sure the letters of your neon sign do n't burn out .
In this section : Tenant Build - Out Mold Remediation New Construction Remodeling Restoration 203K Rehab Loan Wind Mitigation Inspection Services Modular Housing Kitchens and Baths Construction Services New Construction
As a State Certified General Contractor , Suncoast has had many successful Commercial and Residential New Construction projects in the Tampa Bay area , including recent projects in Tampa , St. Petersburg and Clearwater , Largo , Pinellas Park , Tierra Verde , Gulf Beaches , St. Pete Beach and Madeira Beach with some incorporating our Design / Build services , and we cover all of Hillsborough , Pinellas , Pasco , Manatee and Sarasota Counties .
New Construction is generally the easiest to build , as long as the proper work has been performed upfront .
It is important to have a good design group , consisting of architects , engineers and possibly a landscape architect and other consulting services , as it is usually in the permitting process that a new construction project will be delayed .
It is also important to understand the subsurface conditions of the site prior to starting the design process .
Remodeling
As an experienced Remodeling Contractor , in both Commercial and Residential projects , Suncoast has completed major projects in Tampa , St. Petersburg and Clearwater and we cover Pinellas , Hillsborough , Manatee , Pasco and Sarasota Counties .
Commercial Remodeling , whether it is a Tenant Build - Out of a new or existing space or Remodeling an Existing Office Space , requires an experienced Remodeling Contractor that can get the project completed in a timely manner .
Residential Remodeling can mean anything from taking out a wall to open a room , cutting an opening to add a window , to Kitchen Remodeling , Bathroom Remodeling , Room Addition or completely changing the look of the interior and exterior of the home .
An experienced Residential Remodeling Contractor understands how important it is to remember that you are in someone 's home and , as you leave the project each day , they need to be able to go on with their daily lives with a minimum of disturbance .
In Remodeling , it is important to have an understanding of the original structure , the way it was meant to withstand external forces and how your work may affect that structure .
Suncoast has completed many remodeling projects , both residential and commercial .
Some have been more cosmetic but some have had serious structural modifications , such as removing a load bearing wall and re-supporting the above structure , in an active airport .
Restoration Suncoast has completed both Commercial and Residential Restoration projects in Tampa and St. Petersburg and have a current project in Manatee County to restore a 1926 home .
Suncoast covers Hillsborough , Pinellas , Pasco and Sarasota Counties as well .
Restoration should not be confused with remodeling and is often more difficult .
A restoration can be as simple as putting a house back together after a fire , or repairing smoke damage , or it may be taking a 100 year old building and making look like it did the day it was originally built .
The latter is a more difficult task , as the material originally used may not be readily available , there may be code changes to incorporate and certainly techniques have changed in 100 years .
SERVICES Design / Build Services
Commercial , Residential , New Construction , Restoration , Design Services Mold Remediation
Mold Testing , Mold Remediation , Restoration , Fire , Smoke and Odor Remediation Kitchens & Baths
Remodeling Contractor , 203k Rehab Loans , Kitchen Remodel , Bath Remodel Tenant / Build Out
Design and Construction
Dale Neumann faces up to 25 years in prison A US jury has found a man guilty of killing his sick 11 - year - old daughter by praying for her recovery rather than seeking medical care .
The man , Dale Neumann , told a court in the state of Wisconsin he believed God could heal his daughter .
She died of a treatable disease - undiagnosed diabetes - at home in rural Wisconsin in March last year , as people surrounded her and prayed .
Neumann 's wife , Leilani Neumann , was convicted earlier this year .
The couple , who were both convicted of second - degree reckless homicide , face up to 25 years in prison when they are sentenced in October .
A lawyer representing Dale Neumann said he would appeal .
' Faith healing '
During the trial , medical experts told the court that Neumann 's daughter could have survived if she had received treatment , including insulin and fluids , before she stopped breathing .
On Thursday Neumann , who is 47 and studied in the past to be a Pentecostal minister , said he thought God would heal his daughter .
" If I go to the doctor , I am putting the doctor before God , " he said .
" I am not believing what he said he would do . "
He also said he thought his daughter had had flu or a fever , and that he had not realised how ill she was .
Neumann 's lawyer said he had been convinced that his " faith healing " was working , and that he had committed no crime .
The prosecution argued that Neumann had minimised his daughter 's illness and that he had allowed her to die as a selfish act of faith .
They said the girl should have been taken to hospital because she was unable to walk , talk , eat or drink .
Instead , an ambulance was only called once the girl had stopped breathing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last night we posted the offer that the UFC claims to have made to Fedor Emelianenko and his management team at M - 1 Global .
We 've even taken some heat for being Dana White mouthpieces on this issue , from Fight Opinion :
It ’s the David Axelrod graduate school of marketing here , but it also helps to have willing participants ready and able to carry your water .
( Carmichael Dave is on KHTK in Sacramento and Dana White is a frequent guest . )
Have you noticed how the campaign of information and misinformation online is working to discredit Fedor and try to paint him in a bad light ?
Look , we know he ’s isolated and nothing is going to change and whatever happens for the rest of his career , it will be on him in regards to why he did n’t fight in UFC .
If that offends you , then it offends you .
Obviously he seems happy with his current business arrangements , so let him go off and do whatever he is going to do .
However , this idea that web sites and blogs should participate in an explicit active role of ‘ being used ’ for spread information / misinformation in regards to what UFC is ‘ allegedly ’ offering to Fedor ’s camp is silly .
It plays right into Dana White ’s hands .
Hey , if the MMA web sites say anything negative about him , he has ammunition to not give them media credentials for live events .
And if the web sites start astroturfing in order to generate good press for UFC , well he has his cake and can eat it too .
Fair enough I guess , if bagging on Bloody Elbow is your thing .
We did run Carmichael Dave 's info .
But anyone who follows Bloody Elbow knows that we try to cover all aspects of the big stories and it's worth noting that Carmichael Dave is a friendly media outlet for Dana White .
It 's also worth noting that there is no way to verify one party 's claims of what was on the table at a closed negotiation .
Speaking of friendly water - carrying media outlets , here 's Jonathan Snowden with M - 1's side of the story :
" The numbers being floated there are a little misleading .
The UFC ’s offer of $ 30 million over six fights is n’t a guarantee , " Snowden learned from a source .
" The number is based on Zuffa ’s projections of what Fedor ’s take of the PPV money would be , and the numbers they are projecting are based on selling a ton of PPV’s .
The actual guarantee for Fedor is much more modest .
It ’s true that if business stays at record levels Fedor could walk away with $ 30 million .
But that is no guarantee . "
This has a certain ring of truth to it .
Fedor 's in a position where he does n't have to sign for terms that hinge on a lot of " IF we do X PPV sales , then you 'll get Y dollars . "
Going for the guaranteed money is just plain smart on his part .
Here 's something else to think about .
From the moment the deals were being rumored , I believed that Dana White and Zuffa were so confident that Brock Lesnar would beat Fedor in the Russian 's first UFC fight that they were willing to offer lots of terms ( loosening the champion clause etc ) that they would not have offered if Fedor was going to be facing Randy Couture , Cro-Cop and Big Nog in his three UFC fights .
I think Fedor also is concerned that he might lose to Brock Lesnar -- and there 's nothing wrong with that , Lesnar is a beast -- and even a 30 % chance of Lesnar winning the first fight is a big risk for Fedor .
Especially in his first fight in a cage with elbows on the ground .
Fedor 's history of getting cut in fights makes a cut stoppage from an elbow an exceedingly likely outcome .
In closing , here 's the case for Strikeforce :
No elbows on the ground .
Willingness to co-promote .
Remember , Fedor is n't just a client of M - 1 , he 's supposedly a 20 % owner -- that 's twice the share Dana White has in the UFC .
There 's also a strong element of Russian nationalism .
Fedor 's never been seen on national television in Russia .
Affliction had just scored a deal to do that .
Also , do n't forget how " business " is done in Russia .
I do n't want to speculate , but if I was Fedor , I 'd be very hesitant to dump my Russian partners .
Strikeforce 's roster of Brett Rogers , Fabricio Werdum and Alistair Overeem is a very credible roster of foes for Fedor -- they are ranked # 8 , 10 and 14 , respectively , on this month 's USAT / SBN MMA rankings .
And I 'm sure each would enjoy the " Josh Barnett effect " of rising several notches upon the announcement of a signed fight with Fedor.
Non-exclusivity .
With Strikeforce , Fedor could quite possibly continue to fight in Japan on the odd New Year 's Eve for DREAM , maybe even against Josh Barnett in a fight many still want to see .
Fedor has an enormous amount to lose if he makes the wrong step .
Clearly his refusal to sign with the UFC and their aggressive PR will cost him the hearts of many MMA fans .
At the same time , most of those fans will tune in to watch his next fight , regardless of opponent , especially if it's on CBS .
If Strikeforce manages to book him against legitimate top 10 competition , he will only grow his appeal and be able to demand even more from the UFC if there is a next time .
Fedor has firmly established himself as the greatest heavyweight in MMA history thus far .
He could decide to retire today and his legacy is secure .
He really has nothing to prove .
Sure he could potentially build an even bigger legacy in the sport by fighting in the UFC , but he could also damage his status as the ( virtually ) undefeated king of MMA .
Sure he 'll take a hit with MMA fans in the U.S.
But honestly , how much does Fedor care about that ?
He lives in Stary Oskul , Russia .
How often do you think he logs onto Sherdog or BE to read the comments ?
The man has a financial future to think about and he's the one who steps in the ring / cage .
He can do whatever he wants and the fans can either watch this supremely talented fighter and continue to wonder about might have beens or try to plug their ears and close their eyes .
God willing , Fedor has many more fun fights in his future .
Me , I 'll be watching whatever he does .
Hey Doods , just a reminder that I will be at the Olympia Comics Festival this Saturday .
Come hear me interview Derek Kirk Kim about making autobio comics !
It ’ll be some good ol ’ family fun , I ’m sure .
Quick Stats :
June 13th
The Vault
425 Franklin St. SE
Free !
By Daniel Emery
BBC technology reporter , Los Angeles
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Sony has given the public the first view of its new game controller for the Sony PlayStation 3 .
The Motion Controller for PS3 uses two controllers that work in conjunction with the Sony PlayStation Eye .
The firm said it was a technology demo , but then said the new system would be available early next year .
The news follows Microsoft 's announcement on Monday of a controller - free control system it is calling Project Natal .
3D gaming The Motion Controller for PS3 works in a similar way to Nintendo 's Wii controller .
A sensor sits on top of the TV and detects the position , distance and movement of two controllers held in a user 's hand .
Compared to Project Natal , [ the Sony controller ] did n't look quite so compelling
Steve Boxer
Games writer , The Guardian
The device can not only measure where the controllers are in relation to each other , but also how close they are to the sensor , meaning you can create true 3D movement within a game .
The creator of the Sony EyeToy , Dr Richard Marks , who heads up the team developing the Motion Controller for PS3 , said the new system was sparking the imagination of game developers .
" We expect this to be a great casual gamers ' experience , but we also want to enable some more gamers ' games .
We think this would be a great experience too , " he said .
During the demonstration , the developers showed what the Sony PlayStation Controller was capable of , enabling users to wield weapons , fire a bow and arrow , write on screen and manipulate objects in a virtual environment .
" One thing that is really difficult to do in a virtual world is drawing , " said Mr Marks .
" And in particular , writing requires extreme precision .
[ The controller can be measured ] to sub-millimetre accuracy . "
Overly optimistic ?
Speaking to the BBC , the Guardian newspaper 's games writer , Steve Boxer , said he was not convinced the controller would be ready by spring next year .
The PS3 motion controller can simulate 3D movement within a game " I thought the basic idea behind the controller was sound and could lead to some interesting gameplay , but it was very much a tech demo , and compared to [ Microsoft's ]
Project Natal , it did n't look quite so compelling , " he said .
" But kudos to Sony for recognising the need to make some sort of physical controller , " he added .
Sony Computer Entertainment President Kaz Hirai told the BBC that they were very pleased with the new technology and played down claims that Microsoft 's Project Natal has taken some of the edge off their launch .
" With PlayStation 2 , when we launched the EyeToy camera , we had already perfected the art of playing games just using your hands , " he said .
" The motion controller we demoed today , it raises the bar in terms of accuracy in 3D .
It 's all about the accuracy and tracking . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Warning letters have been sent to four cannabidiol ( CBD ) product brands as the FDA makes good on their promises from a m ...
Giler showed how a T - Mobile G1 phone , running Google ’s Android operating system , could be charged using wireless electricity , as could an Apple iPhone .
He said that the technology could appeal especially to television manufacturers .
With an increasing number of flat - screen TVs wall - mounted rather than placed on stands , he said that witricity could help do away with unsightly trailing cables .
After decades of women ’s rights advocacy and slow but steady social change , women have legitimized their right to work outside the home .
But for those who still choose to forgo a career to manage the household , the battle for recognition of their often - belittled domestic work has been ongoing .
For Claudia McIntyre , a mother of two who suffers chronic pain after a car crash , that battle finagled its way into the courtroom , inadvertently prompting a landmark decision recently , which says housework is so important that it may actually be integral to a woman ’s identity .
The groundbreaking Ontario Court of Appeal decision may point to a more widespread cultural shift , one that increasingly values housework and understands that such seemingly menial tasks as vacuuming and dusting are actually sources of pride and self - esteem .
Yet while some onlookers are ecstatic about a decision that recognizes the importance of maintaining a home , others argue the compensation is unjustifiable , glorifies everyday tasks and actually marks a step backward for women ’s rights .
“ I can imagine some feminists are not excited by this , ” said Diane Watts , researcher for REAL Women Canada , a woman ’s advocacy group that emphasizes traditional family life .
“ I do n’t think feminism really values a person ’s work in the home . ”
For such groups as Ms. Watts ’s , the case helps validate housework as a legitimate contribution to society and to the well - being of the family .
“ [ Ms. McIntyre ] has lost , to her , an important part of her life , ” Ms. Watts said .
“ This is an important decision in terms of recognition , in terms of recognizing her important contribution to her family and what that contribution means for her identity . ”
“ This is a practical acknowledgment that a loss of pride is worth something , ” said Alan Rachlin , lawyer for Ms. McIntyre .
“ This is a very important decision for women ’s rights and personal - injury cases . ”
Ottawa University law professor Bruce Feldthusen said the case is “ good news symbolically , ” adding that it upholds a perspective that recognizes the value of housework to the woman herself .
“ Back in Roman law , it was the husband who could claim for loss of his wife ’s services , ” Prof .
Feldthusen said .
“ Look how far we ’ve come :
This case really talks about a woman ’s inability to provide these services as her own loss . ”
Of the $ 60,000 in housekeeping damages recently awarded to Ms. McIntyre , $ 5,000 was specifically allotted for ‘‘ housekeeping inefficiency ’’ — an inability to maintain the home that , the judge said , negatively affected the Windsor mother ’s sense of identity .
Indeed , Ms. McIntyre , described by friends and family as a “ clean freak , ” had always dreamed of being the kind of wife and parent that her own mother was : a doting woman who managed the house and looked after the children .
“ Maintaining the home was part of my day and part of my identity , ” said Ms. McIntyre , who was also a part - time bookkeeper at the time of the accident in 2000 .
“ It ’s hard on me as a mother and as a wife , both mentally and physically , to no longer be able to do the things around the house that I used to do , ” she said .
Editor 's note :
The following are firsthand accounts that were solicited by Journal assistant editorial features editor Bari Weiss .
Some were translated from Farsi .
Surnames have been omitted to protect the writers .
Do n't Accept This Coup
By Kaveh from Tabriz
Ahmadinejad has taken revenge on the students of Iran during these violent days .
The ...
Eric Lai published a provoking article on Computerworld magazine titled “ No to SQL ? Anti-database movement gains steam ” where he pointed to many references in which different Internet - based companies chose an alternative approach to the traditional SQL database .
The write - up was driven from the the inaugural get - together of the burgeoning NoSQL community who seem to represent a growing Anti-SQL database movement .
Quoting Jon Travis from this article :
Relational databases give you too much .
They force you to twist your object data to fit a RDBMS [ relational database management system ] ,
The article points to specific examples that led different companies such as Google , Amazon , Facebook to choose an alternative approach .
I outlined below what i found to be the main drivers behind that trend :
Demand for extremely large scale :
“ BigTable , is used by local search engine Zvents Inc. to write 1 billion cells of data per day . ”
Complexity and cost of setting up database clusters :
“ PC clusters can be easily and cheaply expanded without the complexity and cost of ‘ sharding , ’ which involves cutting up databases into multiple tables to run on large clusters or grids . ”
Compromising reliability for better performance :
“ There are different scenarios where applications would be willing to compromise reliability for better performance .
A good example for such a scenario is HTTP Session data .
In such a scenario the data needs to be shared between various web servers but since the data is transient in nature ( it goes away when the user logs off ) there is no need to store it in persistent storage . ”
Having said all that , it seems that many still agree that despite all the limitations of traditional database solution , SQL database are probably not going away :
“ It 's true that [ NoSQL ] are n't relevant right now to mainstream enterprises , " Oskarsson said , " but that might change one to two years down the line . ”
The current " one size fit it all " databases thinking was and is wrong
The article seem to point to an interesting trend where a growing number of application scenarios cannot be addressed with a traditional database approach .
This realization is actually not that new .
In 2007 I wrote a summary of Michael Stonebrake ’s article , " One size fits all : A concept whose time has come and gone " on my blog : Putting the database where it belongs .
The great thing is that It looks like this “ old ” news is spreading to the larger community .
This can be explained by the continuous growth of data volumes , together with the growing need to process larger amounts of data in a shorter time .
These two trends force many users to think of an alternative approach to the traditional database .
The classic early adopters are those who hit the wall .
It is very likely that as these alternative solutions mature , they will find their way into mainstream development as well .
Not your mom and dad ’s database
The article seems to over glorify some of the alternatives that where mentioned while downplaying their limitations .
A good example is Amazon SimpleDB .
I wrote in the past a post about this , Amazon SimpleDB is not a Database , where I outlined some of the limitations of the Amazon Simple DB solution .
As you can see from these limitations , SimpleDB cannot and should n’t be positioned as a direct alternative to your existing database .
While I share many of the thoughts and enthusiasm of the anti-SQL movement , I would highly recommend taking very cautious steps toward any of the alternative solutions .
It is very important that you make yourself familiar with their strengths and weaknesses , and avoid hitting their limitations at a point in time when you have very little room to maneuver .
I ’ve seen several cases where users developed their data model in a centralized model and expected that it will scale seamlessly once they switch to a partitioned topology .
The fact that you can switch between centralized and partitioned topologies without changing your code does n’t mean that your application will behave correctly and will scale as you expect .
This topic has actually been the center of a discussion in Architect Summit meeting we had last summer , which was hosted by eBay :
Abstractions and Partition Awareness
A horizontally - partitioned system typically provides an abstraction that makes the partitions appear as a single logical unit .
eBay and Flickr , for example , both use a proxy layer to route requests by a key to the appropriate partition , and applications are unaware of the details of the partition scheme .
There was near - universal agreement , however , that this abstraction cannot insulate the application from the reality that there partitioning and distribution is involved .
The spectrum of failures within a network is entirely different from failures within a single machine .
The application needs to be made aware of latency , distributed failures , etc. , so that it has enough information to make the correct context - specific decision about what to do .
The fact that the system is distributed leaks through the abstraction .
My recommendation would be that you design your data model to fit into a partitioned environment even if during the initial stage you ’re still going to use a single centralized server .
This will allow you to scale when you need to , without going to through a massive change .
What about in - memory alternatives ?
An option that i found missing from this article and becomes fairly popular with many large websites is the use of an in - memory data store , In - Memory - Data - Grids as they are often called , such as Memcached , GigaSpaces , Coherence , eXtremeScale etc .
With this model we front - end the database with an in - memory cluster which becomes the system of record and uses the SQL database as the background persistent store .
For those looking to build social network graphs , real time events ( as in Twitter ) , real time analytics , fraud detection , session management , etc. , that is probably the more natural choice .
Todd Hoff from highscalability.com wrote a very good article on this subject : Are Cloud Based Memory Architectures the Next Big Thing ?
I also wrote a detailed description how this approach works with GigaSpaces and MySQL : Scaling Out MySQL .
What about ACID transactions , consistency etc ?
The traditional 2 PC ( two phase commit ) model in which consistency is achieved through a central transaction coordination server is not going to fit with many of the distributed data management alternatives .
In an earlier post , “ Lessons from Pat Helland : Life Beyond Distributed Transactions , ” Pat Helland suggested an alternative model to distribute transactions , a workflow model .
Instead of executing a long transaction and blocking until everything is committed , break the operation into small individual steps where each step can fail or succeed individually .
By breaking the transaction into small steps , it is easier to ensure that each step can be resolved within a single partition , thus avoiding all the network overhead associated with coordinating a transaction across multiple partitions .
This has been one of the core concepts in designing scalable applications with Space Based Architecture ( SBA ) .
The Actor model that was introduced with new functional languages like Scala and Erlang is built into the SBA model , with the difference that in SBA , actors can share state and pass events by references , and thus avoid the overhead of copying the data with every transaction .
Shay Banon wrote a good description on how the Actor model works with SBA in this post :
“ The above is a diagram of a simple simple polling container that wraps a service ( Actor , the Order service in our example ) .
The polling container takes ( removes ) events ( Data ) , process them , and writes back Data to the collocated Space ( Data Grid ) it is running with . ”
The need for real time data processing – a real life example
In the past weeks we had been involved with a prospect who is looking to add a social network to his eCommerce site .
One of the requirement for this new service was the need to build a graph that includes friends of friends , and products in catalogs .
The process for building that graph with an In - Memory - Data - Grid took 2 - 3 msec vs. tens of seconds with a traditional approach ( note that part of the complexity in this case is that the query itself is ad - hoc and ca n’t be easily partitioned ) .
Building that graph on - the - fly at these speeds just could n't be done with traditional SQL database .
The reason that enabled us to get to this level of performance was :
We kept the data in - memory .
A large part of the complex query was pushed to where the data is ( you can think of it as a modern alternative to stored procedure ) .
We used partitioning to spread the data and leverage the accumulated memory capacity of those memory instances .
We used both a scale - out and scale - up model to parallelize the query against all instances and take full advantage of multi-core as well as multi-machine power .
We reduced the number of network hops by pushing the the heavy data manipulation to where the data is and by returning only the accumulated result over the network .
Final words
In summary I would say :
SQL databases are not going away anytime soon .
The current " one size fit it all " databases thinking was and is wrong .
There is definitely a place for a more a more specialized data management solutions alongside traditional SQL databases .
The adoption of these new solutions would be very much determined by two main factors :
How well they integrate with the “ existing SQL world . ”
How easy it will be to develop for these new alternatives , and how smooth a transition a given solution can offer for the average developer .
This is an area of continuous innovation that has been keeping us fairly busy in the past few years , and will probably continue to keep us busy .
I ’ll leave the details on how we deal with these two challenges to a separate post .
References :
The high - speed rail line that will eventually connect Beijing with Shanghai is expected to cut travel time from 10 hours to four when the line opens in a couple of years .
The top speed on trains that will run from Beijing to Shanghai will approach 220 miles an hour .
I spent about six years working in call centres , and I just say a bit about what it is like , for those of you who have avoided it .
All of the call centres I worked in employed people on a casual , part - time and temporary basis .
All of them had their share of bullying , vindictive and harrassing supervisors .
Supervisors were empowered to sack one at a moment 's notice , and did n't require a particularly good excuse .
Actually , they could just stop booking you for shifts if they did n't like you for some reason .
Pay was always low , about as close to minimum wage as they could get away with .
Lunch or dinner breaks were usually unpaid .
Toilet breaks are timed , and more than five minutes away from one 's computer might be penalised .
And it 's miserable .
Most call centres are situated in relatively inexpensive office space out in the sticks - bleak looking industrial wastelands with few amenities nearby .
The literature from ' work and psychology ' journals characterises call centre work as ' emotional labour ' , which is accurate .
After eight hours on the phone , pretending to listen to and sympathise with members of the public , while at the same time conforming closely to a pre-scripted routine , you will feel drained .
Despite the way management tend to treat staff as expendable , it is actually a highly skilled and demanding kind of labour .
In my experience , this would come out when experienced staff members were consulted for their suggestions as to how a particular project might work : there was a wealth of accumulated wisdom and experience that management simply would n't have access to otherwise .
But partly because workers are so lightly hired and fired , the work is also heavily micro-managed by supervisors , who listen in to about 12 % of calls on average .
Among the various points a worker is likely to be assessed for is fidelity to a script that is quite often stupidly worded and unworkable , written as it usually is by people who spend no time on the ' phones .
Since your job is to get people to stay on the phone and either do a survey , or divulge some information , or buy something , the natural temptation is to chuck the script - people hate it when they think you 're just reading a script at them .
But persistent failure to read the lines out is a disciplinary issue .
Lots of people who can't stand this idiocy just walk out mid-shift , and never show their faces again .
It is n't easy to unionise call centres .
To get recognition , you need a vote of all employees .
But there 's a high turnover of staff , and a large number of people who remain formally on the books long after they have ceased to work shifts .
On top of that , staff are disproportionately young , and are perhaps not as assertive as they need to be .
And most people have other things they 're moving on to - they do n't see it as a permanent job , and thus may be reluctant to get involved in lengthy battles with management , especially if it 's so easy to fire them .
That said , however , I am encouraged by this series of articles which suggests that things are changing .
It would be an enormously important development if this happened , because the those most exploited in the private sector have tended to be those least able to respond to their situation .
It would potentially drive up incomes the lowest paid jobs and improve the bargaining power of an undervalued layer of workers .
It 's preview night in San Diego !
Here 's what fans are seeing at the Stargate booth .
As we expected , MGM and Syfy Channel are unveiling plenty of new Stargate Universe goodies at this week ’s San Diego Comic - Con … and we ’re there to pass them on to you !
Tonight is the big preview event , and attendees are getting their first peek at the Stargate booth on the convention floor .
At the booth convention - goers will find several videos with never before seen footage from SGU , including the very first external shots of the show ’s setting : the Ancient exploratory ship Destiny .
While we are hoping the studio will be releasing a clean , clear , official shot of the ship in the near future , the video finally shows us what the ship looks like !
The Destiny is relatively flat and triungular ( isosoles ) in shape .
The left and right sides are markedly concaved , while the aft portion of the ship is convexly rounded .
The surface of the ship is ” kitbashed ” with layers of textural elements ( akin to the surface of the Death Star on Star Wars ) .
According to David Read , GateWorld ’s man on the convention floor , the booth video shows the ship at several angles .
Much of the time the ship is in hyperspace ( or some other form of faster - than - light travel ) .
We also spotted a shot of an observation deck on the ship , which seems likely to be a major set for character interactions :
Stick with GateWorld all this week for more from San Diego , including coverage of the big SGU panel on Friday !
Comic - Con attendees , be sure to arrive early to Ballroom 20 .
The panel begins Friday morning at 10:30 a.m. , and will give fans a chance to ask questions of several cast members and the show ’s creators .
Attendees will also get to see an exclusive reel of footage from Stargate Universe , which premieres October 2 on Syfy in the U.S. !
The video at the Comic - Con booth also reveals a number of plot points , which we ’ll save for page 2 .
Beware of SPOILERS beyond this point !
NEXT : Stargate Universe story details
NEXT >
By Josh Tyler | 11 years ago
One of the strengths of the BBC ’s Doctor Who spin - off Torchwood has always been its ability to get right to the point , without sacrificing character development .
By delivering the next installment of the show as a 5 - part miniseries , they ’ve attempted to go in the other direction .
Rather than squeezing a two hour story into a forty - five minute episode , Torchwood : Children of the Earth feels like they squeezed a two hour story into forty - five minutes , and then stretched it out into a five hours .
As a result , Torchwood : Children of the Earth ends up being about a lot more than your usual Torchwood episode .
The focus here is n’t really on the Torchwood team as much as it is on a series of new characters brought in to flesh out their extra running time .
At times you ’ll be left wondering when they ’ll get to the point , but for the most part it works , if only because those new supporting characters are so good .
In particular there ’s John Frobisher , a civil servant , the equivalent of government middle management .
Late in the story we ’re told by one of his loyal underlings : “ John Frobisher was a good man .
Always remember that . ”
And that ’s the real tragedy of his story .
He is a good man , a hard working man , a uniquely British man who puts his head down and simply tries to get done what needs to get done .
But when the unthinkable happens he ’s forced into a series of horrible , hopeless choices .
The unthinkable involves aliens and a terrifying choice involving the world ’s children .
To say more would be to tread into spoiler territory .
Suffice to say everyone on the planet is dead unless we do what these recently landed aliens want .
The aliens are particularly terrifying because they ’re never fully seen .
They land in Britain ’s government center riding a beam of vicious fire and they ’re contained inside a glass room where the atmosphere has been replaced with the murky poison they prefer to breath .
In that deadly fog we see only horrible shapes and flailing claws .
When they speak there ’s a thrashing about and the splashing of some hideous fluid .
It ’s a brilliant piece of production design , suspenseful and frightening , all done on a modest budget .
While the government attempts to deal with the nightmare in their midst , in the background works what ’s left of the Torchwood team .
After two seasons they ’re now down to three members ; Gwen Cooper ( Eve Myles ) , Ianto Jones ( Gareth David - Lloyd ) , and the immortal ( literally ) Captain Jack Harkness ( John Barrowman ) ; and someone wants them dead .
Since it ’s Torchwood , you know that means there ’s a very good chance that by the time it ’s over one or more of them really could be dead , which keeps the stakes high not only because of some vague threat to the world as a whole , but on a more intimate level for the people you ’ve already come to know over two seasons of watching them on the show .
Yet because they ’re trying not to end up as corpses , the Torchwood team is mostly left out of what ’s happening with the whole alien invasion plot .
They ’re left working around the fringes while something bigger unfolds .
It works , at times it ’s even brilliant , but fans may be disappointed that Jack Harkness is n’t always in the thick of things .
Still the cast is fantastic , especially Peter Capaldi as Frobisher .
It ’s compelling science fiction , full of suspense and terrifying truths .
If there ’s a problem , it ’s only that the whole thing is a huge , huge downer .
Remember that sickening ending to The Mist ?
Now imagine that emotional punch in the gut stretched over five hours and you ’ll have some inkling of what Children of the Earth has in store for you .
It ’s a wrenching story , thoughtful and smart , but also dark and depressing .
There ’s no light at the end of the tunnel in any episode of Torchwood .
There never is .
There ’s only the choice between bad and even worse .
If there ’s hope , it ’s found only in the people forced to make those choices , people who bear up under the worst life has to offer , put their head down , and keep on going as long as they can .
It ’s a uniquely British perspective and one that pays dividends in thoughtful , heart - wrenching science fiction like this .
This years E3 does n’t have as many booth babes as I thought it would .
Here are the ones I found around both show floors yesterday .
More after the break
A number of celebrity waxworks appear in the guises of their most famous characters .
Tom Hanks as Forrest Gump , for example ...
Credit : REUTERS
Former Chattanooga police Officer Ralph Kenneth Freeman had every opportunity to improve his conduct but eventually ran out of chances and was fired , police Chief Freeman Cooper said Wednesday .
Mr. Freeman was terminated Wednesday after internal affairs investigations revealed that he consumed alcohol while armed , possessed an unauthorized off - duty firearm , billed a company for hours he did not work , lied to investigators and worked an extra security job while on leave from the department .
" In this case , we 've just gone to extremes of trying to positively reinforce or retrain or correct some of the mistakes of Officer Freeman , but we 've gotten to a point where that could n't continue , " Chief Cooper said .
Mr. Freeman served a 28 - day suspension earlier this year after an internal affairs investigation revealed that he exhibited conduct unbecoming an officer , improper procedure and excessive use of force in connection with assaulting a Wal - Mart greeter in December 2008 .
Mr. Freeman can appeal the chief 's decision to the Chattanooga City Council .
A cell phone number previously assigned to Mr. Freeman had been disconnected Wednesday morning .
His attorney in a civil lawsuit , Scott Johnson , declined to comment through the secretary in his law office .
On July 18 , Mr. Freeman 's girlfriend called 911 , alleging that Mr. Freeman made verbal threats to kill her after the pair had an argument and had been drinking .
His girlfriend told investigators he had a weapon but that he never pointed it at her or threatened her with it , according to the internal affairs report .
While the domestic assault allegation eventually was determined to be unfounded , the investigation revealed Mr. Freeman had possessed a firearm while drinking alcohol , a violation of department policy and Tennessee law .
Mr. Freeman later told internal affairs investigators that he had a gun permit card and personally owned the weapon in question .
But a department training log showed that all weapons with which Mr. Freeman qualified were issued by the department and were not personally owned by Mr. Freeman , who therefore was not authorized to carry a personal weapon .
During the course of the domestic assault investigation , Mr. Freeman was relieved of duty July 18 and told he could not work any job related to his law enforcement position , as per department policy .
A supervisory sergeant patrolling the area of Chattanooga Boiler and Tank on July 25 noticed Mr. Freeman 's vehicle parked at the business , according to the report .
The sergeant said he thought Mr. Freeman drove away when he noticed the sergeant 's vehicle and returned to the business shortly thereafter , the report stated .
The sergeant then notified his superiors about the incident .
The subsequent internal affairs investigation revealed that Mr. Freeman had billed Chattanooga Boiler and Tank for four hours of work on July 18 , including at least two hours during which he was working for the Chattanooga Police Department before he was notified of his leave .
" This action for billing the business for hours he clearly did not work is unlawful , " internal affairs Capt .
Mike Mathis wrote in his recommendation that the allegation be sustained .
When asked about his vehicle being near the company on July 25 , Mr. Freeman said he was waiting for another officer to work for him , left when the officer did not show up and did not return .
Video surveillance from the company showed Mr. Freeman was at the business for about 48 minutes and did return shortly after he drove away .
PDF : Freeman investigation reports DEPARTMENT POLICY
An officer shall not carry a firearm while consuming alcohol , or during an eight - hour period after consuming alcohol , or at any time the officer is affected by the consumption of alcohol .
Source : Chattanooga Police Department
" I think untruthfulness played a big part in my making the decision to terminate him , " Chief Cooper said .
The chief said he considers a variety of factors before deciding to terminate officers , including the ability to rehabilitate and whether they admit their mistakes .
He could not immediately recall the number of officers he had fired for violations of policy and procedures .
" It 's not something that we just want to take lightly , " the chief said .
" If we can retrain or correct mistakes , we do n't want mistakes to be career - enders . "
I suspect this pair of Long - Horned Cowfish are mates , since I have seen them together on numerous occasions in the same dive spot .
Each one is about five inches in length .
I presume they are named " cowfish " after the horns , since they do n't have udders and do n't " moo " ( though they do grunt when held ) .
When they 're blowing into the sand looking for a meal you might say they were " grazing " .
Normally they avoid divers , but cowfish are fairly slow swimmers , barely able to swim faster than a diver .
This was taken during a night dive when they 're easier to approach .
Identification : Lactoria cornuta
Why people believe that invisible agents
control the world
Souls , spirits , ghosts , gods , demons , angels , aliens , intelligent designers , government conspirators , and all manner of invisible agents with power and intention are believed to haunt our world and control our lives .
Why ?
The answer has two parts , starting with the concept of “ patternicity , ” which I defined in my December 2008 column as the human tendency to find meaningful patterns in meaningless noise .
Consider the face on Mars , the Virgin Mary on a grilled - cheese sandwich , satanic messages in rock music .
Of course , some patterns are real .
Finding predictive patterns in changing weather , fruiting trees , migrating prey animals and hungry predators was central to the survival of Paleolithic hominids .
The problem is that we did not evolve a baloney - detection device in our brains to discriminate between true and false patterns .
So we make two types of errors : a type I error , or false positive , is believing a pattern is real when it is not ; a type II error , or false negative , is not believing a pattern is real when it is .
If you believe that the rustle in the grass is a dangerous predator when it is just the wind ( a type I error ) , you are more likely to survive than if you believe that the rustle in the grass is just the wind when it is a dangerous predator ( a type II error ) .
Because the cost of making a type I error is less than the cost of making a type II error and because there is no time for careful deliberation between patternicities in the split - second world of predator - prey interactions , natural selection would have favored those animals most likely to assume that all patterns are real .
But we do something other animals do not do .
As large - brained hominids with a developed cortex and a theory of mind — the capacity to be aware of such mental states as desires and intentions in both ourselves and others — we infer agency behind the patterns we observe in a practice I call “ agenticity ” : the tendency to believe that the world is controlled by invisible intentional agents .
We believe that these intentional agents control the world , sometimes invisibly from the top down ( as opposed to bottom - up causal randomness ) .
Together patternicity and agenticity form the cognitive basis of shamanism , paganism , animism , polytheism , monotheism , and all modes of Old and New Age spiritualisms .
Agenticity carries us far beyond the spirit world .
The Intelligent Designer is said to be an invisible agent who created life from the top down .
Aliens are often portrayed as powerful beings coming down from on high to warn us of our impending self - destruction .
Conspiracy theories predictably include hidden agents at work behind the scenes , puppet - masters pulling political and economic strings as we dance to the tune of the Bilderbergers , the Rothschilds , the Rockefellers or the Illuminati .
Even the belief that the government can impose top - down measures to rescue the economy is a form of agenticity , with President Barack Obama being touted as “ the one ” with almost messianic powers who will save us .
There is now substantial evidence from cognitive neuroscience that humans readily find patterns and impart agency to them , well documented in the new book SuperSense ( HarperOne , 2009 ) by University of Bristol psychologist Bruce Hood .
Examples : children believe that the sun can think and follows them around ; because of such beliefs , they often add smiley faces on sketched suns .
Adults typically refuse to wear a mass murderer ’s sweater , believing that “ evil ” is a supernatural force that imparts its negative agency to the wearer ( and , alternatively , that donning Mr. Rogers ’s cardigan will make you a better person ) .
A third of transplant patients believe that the donor ’s personality is transplanted with the organ .
Genital - shaped foods ( bananas , oysters ) are often believed to enhance sexual potency .
Subjects watching geometric shapes with eye spots interacting on a computer screen conclude that they represent agents with moral intentions .
“ Many highly educated and intelligent individuals experience a powerful sense that there are patterns , forces , energies and entities operating in the world , ” Hood explains .
“ More important , such experiences are not substantiated by a body of reliable evidence , which is why they are supernatural and unscientific .
The inclination or sense that they may be real is our supersense . ”
We are natural - born supernaturalists .
NEW YORK -- New York Yankees starter Chien - Ming Wang left Saturday 's game against the Toronto Blue Jays with a strained right shoulder , putting his next start in jeopardy .
Wang allowed four runs and six hits before he was replaced in the sixth inning .
Wang , who missed time earlier this season with weakness in the adductor muscles in his hips , went for an MRI that revealed the shoulder strain and bursitis .
" It was unfortunate because I thought today was his best start , " said manager Joe Girardi , who was n't sure yet what the Yankees would do about Wang 's next turn in the rotation .
" He 'll need some rest . "
Wang surrendered a two - run homer to Adam Lind with one out and threw a pitch to Scott Rolen before catcher Jorge Posada motioned to the dugout that something was wrong with the right - hander .
Girardi and assistant trainer Steve Donohue came out to the mound , and Wang headed for the dugout after a short discussion .
" Just the way he threw the ball , " Posada said .
" It was n't like he followed through all the way through , kind of pushed it towards me . "
Wang also had shoulder problems in 2001 and 2005 but he said it was less painful this time and only bothered him on the pitch to Rolen .
" On the home run pitch it felt a little tight but not pain , " he said .
The Yankees could turn to Phil Hughes or Alfredo Aceves if Wang can't make his next start , but neither is stretched out enough to go deep into a game .
Hughes worked a perfect eighth as New York beat Toronto 6 - 5 in 12 innings Saturday .
Wang was awful at the beginning of the season but had looked better of late , earning his first win of the season in his previous outing and pitching at least five innings in each of his last four starts .
Wang , who won 38 games from 2006 - 07 , is 1 - 6 with a 9.64 ERA in 12 games , nine starts , this season .
Various , American Renaissance , May 2003
The White Children Were Totally Unprepared
I grew up in a white neighborhood in Akron , Ohio .
I watched “ The Little Rascals ” on TV , and the black child on this program was my only exposure to blacks .
In 1961 , I graduated from grade school and was happy to be going to Jennings Junior High School , which also served a small section of a black neighborhood .
Finally , I was going to have black friends .
I do n’t remember my parents having any opinion about the school , or about blacks .
They told me that when I was a baby , Mom had a black lady who helped with chores .
They also told me the lady got into a fight with her husband and bit off one of his fingers , but they told this story in a way that did not degrade blacks .
So here I am , walking to school , excited at the thought of new adventure .
I was also a little shy and nervous .
As I got near the school , which was located just inside the black neighborhood , I started seeing blacks .
Then I heard screams and yelling like I had never heard before .
I could see a group of agitated blacks swarming like bees .
I was uneasy and moved to the opposite side of the street .
There were white children watching at a distance , and I asked what the blacks were doing .
Someone said this group of 15 to 20 blacks was attacking a white child .
There were so many blacks I could not see the person they were attacking .
I had never seen such a frenzy , and was quick to get into the safety of the school .
I never heard what happened to that white child ; maybe he is an AR subscriber now .
The school turned out to be anything but safe .
Although only 20 percent of the students were black , they all stuck together as a race , and they had control .
All of them had flunked at least once , some twice , and one was reported to be 19 years old .
Lunch time was pure hell .
Blacks would get in the lunch line and intimidate the whites into buying them lunch .
Some blacks would simply wait until a white child sat down to eat , and then take his lunch from him .
When you left the lunch room you had to walk down a hall that was flanked by blacks on both sides .
The intimidation was so great that many whites gave up money and other valuables without objection .
The white children had come from completely different backgrounds , and were totally unprepared for this kind of treatment .
Several times a year all the students were sent to stand by their lockers while teachers patted you down and searched your locker .
My teacher told me they could n’t search and take weapons from blacks without searching us , too .
One day , a black kid named Roger was tormenting a white kid .
I was hearing it all and was so fed up with it !
Without thinking , I got up and attacked Roger , beating him only as well as a 7th grader could .
I survived the rest of the day without being mobbed , but I went home and made some crude weapons .
I found a steel bar in my dad ’s shop to use as a club , and shaped one end of it into a handle .
I also cut a piece of chain in case I needed to extend my reach .
I went to school the next day and waited for the attack , since blacks had a history of ganging up on whites .
The weapons would not save me , but I was n’t going to go down without doing as much damage as possible .
To my surprise , the blacks slapped me on the back , and called me “ Roger ’s Man . ”
All the blacks knew me , and I got their protection .
This came as quite a surprise , and saved a lot of money .
The other white kids had to pay for protection .
Apparently , the blacks were so stunned that a white would fight , that they gave me free protection .
I was the oldest of five children , and my parents were not going to let us all go through three years of this school , so we moved to the country .
What amazes me to this day is that in 1960 a 20 - percent black population could terrorize the whole school .
All the school officials were white .
They must have been in as much fear as we were .
It was my experience with blacks at Jennings Junior High that formed my racial views .
Jack Minick , Mt.Vernon , Ind .
A Genuine Lefty
I began as a genuine lefty : member of the ACLU and People for the American Way , contributor to the Southern Poverty Law Center , and a subscriber to the Washington Post Weekly Edition , The New Republic , The Nation , etc .
My conversion to reality was incremental , though not all increments were equal .
Three events remain strongly in my memory , so I will credit them with my conversion , although they may only be representative of many similar events .
(1) Decades ago I read in the Washington Post Weekly Edition a story written by a woman on the editorial staff .
It described how a group of young blacks had invaded her “ fashionable Georgetown home , ” burgled the place , beat up and hog - tied her husband , and gang - raped her .
She wrote of how , during the oral - sex phase of the gang - rape , she told her attackers her mouth was too dry to continue .
They brought her a glass of water and “ touchingly ” waited for her to drink it so she could continue .
Her view was that these were poor , oppressed victims of white villainy , striking out in the only way they knew how , and she refused to cooperate in their apprehension and prosecution .
Such idiocy led me to believe there was something sick about American liberalism .
(2) In 1993 I was living in South Texas .
I worked late one evening , and as I was driving home in the dark a carload of Mexican kids forced me off the road and attacked me with baseball bats .
They nearly killed me .
Of the many cars that drove by , one elderly couple stopped , and with flashing lights and honking horn , scared the Mexicans away .
The couple was , of course , white .
They were apologetic for having wisely stayed in their car with the doors locked , but since they probably saved my life I felt extremely grateful to them .
The Mexican cop who arrived found my situation humorous , and chuckled and spoke Spanish with the emergency medical technicians ( Mexican also ) who treated me .
At the hospital , X - rays showed that , amazingly , my skull was not fractured .
I had a concussion , a lacerated cornea , and needed 30 - odd stitches to resecure my scalp , but I lived .
To follow up on my case I was to contact “ Sgt. Rodriguez . ”
I called a dozen times , but he was never there and never returned my calls .
A friend from work knew a former Texas Ranger , then a private investigator .
The PI laughed at me for going through channels .
The police report had pretty well described the perpetrators ( thanks to the elderly couple — I was a little foggy ) and the car , including license number .
He suggested that for $ 500 he could get another Mexican gang to kill my assailants .
I did n’t care to end up in front of a Mexican jury , so I tried to put the whole thing out of my mind .
It cost me about $ 1,000 in medical expenses after my insurance paid its share .
(3) Growing up among the historical markers in Middle Tennessee , I became an amateur War Between the States historian at the age of seven ( when I bought R. S. Henry ’s Story of the Confederacy ) .
I have continued to collect books and artifacts of the Confederacy ever since .
Many of my ancestors fought for the Confederacy .
While browsing the Internet one day in the late 1990s , I stumbled across the story of the vandalization of Robert E. Lee ’s portrait in Richmond .
I have read a great deal about Lee , and was outraged .
Via the Internet I found American Renaissance , the Council of Conservative Citizens , Nationalist Times , Southern Patriot , etc. and have not turned back .
My older brother and father are cowards .
They live in the hills , isolated ( for the time being ) from the real world .
When I bring up , even obliquely , what is happening to our country their ears fold forward and they tremble in horror , as if the FBI had bugged every space in America and will throw people into jail just for listening to non-PC opinions .
I am afraid most white Americans share the mentality of my brother and father .
I am not hopeful .
Perhaps ignorance is bliss .
John Buchanan
What Pushed Me Over the Edge
My racial consciousness had been quietly forming for years before I became fully aware of the fallacy of egalitarianism and the folly of integration .
What pushed me over the edge were the differing reactions of blacks and whites to the O. J. Simpson verdict .
Terrence Silva , Columbus , Ohio
Assumptions Put to the Test
Like most white Americans , I was taught to believe in assimilation .
I felt a certain sympathy for blacks because I thought many were treated badly .
I sincerely believed integration and civil rights would let blacks compete successfully in American society , and that the only thing holding them back was racism .
These assumptions were put to the test when I moved to the San Francisco Bay area , and on three different occasions was subject to criminal attacks or harassment by blacks .
Once I was almost raped by a young black man .
Another time I got into a physical confrontation with one .
I was also held up at gun point by a black man and his Hispanic girlfriend .
Later I moved from the Bay Area to a safer part of the state , and tried to put those incidents behind me , but I was reminded once again of the incompatibility of blacks and whites by two pivotal events : the riots in Los Angeles after the Rodney King verdict , and the O.J. Simpson trial .
The riots in LA stunned me as I watched a cowardly white - run government cave in to arson , looting , and the wanton murder of whites .
It was also instructive to see that the only people who had the sense to defend themselves were Koreans who — unhindered by white guilt — armed themselves and stood guard over their businesses .
They did not apologize for wanting to survive nor did they scurry off like rats when the riots were over .
This is what whites have been reduced to : A population in a constant state of flight .
Even more enlightening was the O.J. Simpson trial and its aftermath .
I watched much of the trial on television .
Mr. Simpson was obviously guilty but he got away with it because he was black , rich , and could afford to hire the best lawyers who blatantly used race to deflect attention from the evidence .
As I watched blacks cheer the verdict , I realized that these people hate us .
And they hate us because we are white .
Who planted that hatred and nourishes it even today via the media , academia , and the government ?
That would be America ’s ruling class .
One can only conclude that , white or not , America ’s ruling class hates white people nearly as much as any minority group does .
Some of them may look like us , but they are not us .
There are calls for breaking away and forming a new country , and that may be our last hope .
Barring that , I see whites disappearing as they interbreed , are killed off by minorities , or are reduced to a state of servitude by our ruling class .
Many whites are so blinded by guilt that they can hardly wait to sign up for their own destruction .
What do I have in common with these people even if they are white ?
Nothing .
Dawn H. , Ventura , Calif .
‘ What a Bunch of Weirdo Nazis ! ’
I am the child of two professors , who are , like most of their profession , dogmatically multiculturalist .
From 1993 to 2002 , I was a graduate student in comparative literature , and when I started out , I agreed with the Marxist , deconstructionist , multiculturalist intellectual orientation of the field .
Although I soon began to be irritated by the mindless celebration of diversity , the lack of intellectual rigor , and the obscurantism of my field , it was not until much later that I started seriously to doubt the orthodox view of race that is at the basis of all contemporary work in literary studies .
Race is a major preoccupation of today ’s literary critics .
Look at any one of the countless introductions to literary theory , and you will find at least one chapter devoted to work on the representation of race in literature .
Such literary criticism , whose premises are unchallenged within the field , is devoted to exposing the ways in which whites have misrepresented people of other races in the interests of dominating them .
For literary critics , racial differences are entirely the result of our cultural history , and they see it as their duty to change our culture in ways that will make these differences disappear .
My shift away from racial orthodoxy began when I became familiar with evolutionary psychology , the field that argues that all aspects of human behavior have an innate cause and that culture merely influences the unfolding of our innate nature .
I began to go to conferences and read Internet discussion groups that dealt with evolutionary psychology .
J. P. Rushton , Glayde Whitney , and Charles Murray regularly posted on Ian Pitchford ’s evolutionary psychology listserv , where other research on human racial differences , such as that of Richard Lynn , was discussed .
I read some of the books of these thinkers .
Although I felt a bemused revulsion for them at first , I soon came to realize how plausible they were .
I read other books about the links between genetics and behavior , and learned that all human personality traits show substantial heritability ; even how we hold our hands , how often we laugh , and the strength of our religious beliefs appear to be heritable .
So , when you see that there is an average difference of 15 points between the IQs of American whites and American blacks , and of 25 points between American whites and African blacks , the conclusion that at least some of this variance must be due to biology naturally follows .
The same conclusion follows from the large and well - documented variances between whites and blacks in criminal behavior .
I started to realize that my culture is founded on a massive denial of the truth that is sustained by what must be the most pervasive and successful propaganda campaign in history .
I began to notice confirmations of the ideas of the “ racist scientists ” in the world around me .
For example , as J. P. Rushton shows , blacks are higher in self - esteem than whites and willing to deny the most obvious facts about the world in order to maintain their high opinions of themselves .
I witnessed a striking instance of this trait .
I taught an English composition class , and I had many black students .
A few were decent , and a very few even outstanding students , but most were not .
About half were abysmally dull and unteachable , but they had no problems finding ways to blame me for their troubles .
Slowly , I came to realize the true meaning of black culture .
Although I live in a neighborhood of downtown Buffalo that is still majority - white , the ghettoes are very close , and one feels their influence everywhere .
Blacks had heckled me many times , had bullied me once , and even mugged me once .
But I had not reflected on these experiences before I started reading about race .
I now became fully conscious of the insecurity and disgust that my neighborhood inspired in me .
Blacks were the primary reasons for these feelings , but I found the Hispanics and Arabs who also congregated in my neighborhood scarcely better .
I also began to notice the genetic deterioration in our society .
My neighborhood thronged with the retarded , alcoholics , drug addicts , and the homeless , who were housed in downtown “ group homes . ”
It added to the offense that rich bureaucrats who lived in upper - class neighborhoods would put these people in my midst and keep them away from their own homes .
It horrified me that these people might be reproducing .
I am amazed that people consider eugenic sterilization inhumane , but do n’t consider it inhumane to subject residents of downtown neighborhoods to a parade of freaks .
Were these people — the blacks , Arabs , Hispanics , the handicapped , and the homeless — making my life richer and more vibrant , as liberal propaganda claimed they were ?
I had been inclined to think so before .
I had thought it rather romantic to live in such a cosmopolitan environment , and I had even taken a sort of pleasure in the presence of freaks .
But I came to realize that I had never genuinely enjoyed the daily sight of these people ; they were offensive , discouraging , and alienating .
The vibrancy and richness that remained came from the white people who were still clinging to their downtown neighborhoods .
The consequence of the American racial problem that was most personally relevant to me was its utter desolation of the humanities .
When I started graduate school , I thought multiculturalist activism in literary studies was a peripheral phenomenon .
Surely , underneath it all , I thought , remained some of the great intelligence that one sees in the classic works of literary scholarship written before the 1970s .
For nine long years , I persisted in the belief that there was something at the core of my field that was worthwhile .
But when I finally finished my Ph.D. , after having written a 350 - page dissertation on Scott and Byron , published three research papers in scholarly journals , and gained the respect and friendship of the most intelligent people in the field , I realized I had been wrong .
In fact , it was the intelligent people who were at the periphery of the field ; the core was rotten .
People in my field have , by and large , ceased to be interested in producing interesting and challenging readings of texts .
Rather , literary studies boils down to a competition among whites in which each tries to prove that he loves blacks more than his colleagues do .
After reading hundreds of vapid books and articles in academic journals , I concluded that the only way to get ahead in today ’s academy was to argue that some classic literary text was even more racist than previous critics had believed .
I had no interest in spending any more time in such an abominably trivial community .
Like a few other people in literary studies , I had tried to integrate the interpretation of literature with evolutionary psychology .
I found that evolutionary psychology had the potential to bring about a sea-change in the interpretation of literature because it offers theories of sexual behavior , social relations , perception , and language that are vastly more interesting and well - grounded than the established ones .
As an example , I wrote an article that examined the way in which innate aggressive impulses were reconciled with modern norms forbidding violence in the historical novels of Scott .
The evolutionary psychologists that I talked to took such interpretations to be obviously plausible , but I could never get most of my colleagues to grant my premise that a biological human nature existed , no matter how much hard evidence I gave them .
There are many reasons why people reject evolutionary psychology , but surely the primary reason is that multiculturalists believe that once people start thinking seriously about the biology of human behavior , they will start to have subversive ideas about the causes of racial differences .
They are right about this ; that had , in fact , been my own experience .
I came to realize that I was in a field that had effectively barred the way against any progress in the understanding of its subject matter , because of its practitioners ’ need to uphold the dogma of racial equality .
I found that , in order to be accepted in literary studies today , one must not only tolerate the fallacious view of race that inspires so much of the work in the field , but one must actively affirm it .
The academy is pervaded by a nasty , policing atmosphere .
My colleagues were always prying to make sure that I held the correct view of race .
A conversational gambit they frequently use is asking someone how his ideas relate to racial issues .
A propos of nothing , literary critics say things like , “ Well , I think we should bring race into this discussion ” or “ We should look at that argument from a post - colonial perspective . ”
I became aware of AR ’s website in 2001 , late in my graduate career .
I learned of it through one of my evolutionary psychology listservs .
At that time , even though I had come to accept the reality of racial differences in behavior , I had not yet accepted the idea of a political project based on these ideas .
My initial reaction to AR was therefore the same as my initial reaction to so - called “ racist science ” — bemused revulsion .
The first thing I remember reading on the website was an article called “ Rearing Honorable White Children . ”
It was about families that had entirely seceded from American culture because they could no longer recognize it as having anything to do with themselves .
They discouraged their children from watching television and blocked out most of the programming that came in through it because they did n’t want their children to be exposed to our culture ’s massively distorted values .
Instead , during the evening they played chess , watched classic films , and read and listened to classic Western literature and music .
They home - schooled their children because they hated the anti-white atmosphere of our schools , and did not want their children to consort with the children of criminals .
My initial reaction , which had been programmed into me by years of multiculturalist propaganda , was , “ What a bunch of weirdo Nazis ! ”
But my impulse as an intellectual , an impulse that is so rarely in evidence in the academy today , is to get past the obvious and ready - made reaction , and to consider problems with some objectivity , to try to see things from a different perspective .
And I realized that I could n’t stand most of what was on TV either , that I disliked the version of history taught at American schools , and that what these parents enjoyed — playing chess , reading 19th century literature , listening to Beethoven — was exactly what I enjoyed doing myself .
These people were , in fact , very much like me .
Not only that , they were like many of the white intellectuals I knew who had never doubted the orthodox view of race .
My father , for example , is a professor of religious studies who is always going off to Africa or the Caribbean to teach blacks “ liberation theology , ” a sort of commingling of Marxism and Christianity .
But what does he do in the evening ?
Listen to rap music ?
Watch Martin Lawrence movies ?
No , he reads Dickens , plays chess , and listens to the great 19th century German composers .
Without knowing it , he too acts according to a spirit of racial loyalty , and while the expressed purpose of his life is to liberate blacks , he has no real sympathy with their lives and culture .
After I finished my Ph.D. last summer , I took a job doing low - level office work .
I do n’t like the pay , and I do n’t like the tedium , but I do like the anonymity .
No one cares what I think , so no one pressures me to engage in ritualistic affirmations of multicultural dogma , as I was forced to do in the academy .
So I bide my time , wondering whether I am just a disappointed and bewildered crank approaching middle age or the harbinger of a coming Renaissance .
Ian Jobling , Buffalo , New York
Yggdrasil Caught My Attention
I am from a small town in the Pacific Northwest and had almost no contact with people of other races until after age 21 .
I am in my forties now .
I was completely “ liberal ” about race until my early thirties .
I was aware since my teens that the average IQ score of blacks is 15 points lower than that of whites , but I thought the cause was cultural factors .
I remember thinking that there are different subspecies ( races ) of birds , but they all fly well even if they have distinctive colors , and that it was therefore unlikely that different races of people would have a significant difference in the most essential characteristic of humans : intelligence .
In my upbringing race was never mentioned at all .
My family hardly ever spoke about politics , either , but I am sure they were Democrats .
When I was a child I remember seeing television footage of black protesters being pushed back with fire hoses , and hearing that they were excluded from Southern “ whites - only ” restaurants .
I remember thinking that we Yankees were morally superior , since it was obvious that all you had to do to get along with black people was treat them courteously and fairly .
I learned Spanish and went to live in Mexico for a year after dropping out of college .
I was amazed at the corruption .
I had to pay many bribes to police despite having done nothing wrong .
Ordinary people were very dishonest , too .
I do n’t remember thinking about immigration at all .
This was the early 1980s , before immigration became really massive .
I was still “ liberal ” on race but I was n’t afraid to recognize negative cultural differences between us and Mexicans .
When I returned to the US I found people were uncomfortable if I told them about my experiences with corruption , even though I refrained from making any racial or cultural generalizations .
I moved to the Southwest and attended a trade school that was about 40 percent black .
That was the first time I had been around large numbers of black people .
I dated black women and even wound up living with one for three years .
Race was not a factor in our eventual break up and ( thank goodness ! ) we had no children .
At that time I worked in a company where 50 percent of the workers were black .
My opinion of black people was starting to erode but I still clung to the idea that blacks are culturally deprived .
Ebonics and cursing grated on me , but I attributed all “ differences ” to social class and deprivation .
I can remember a few incidents that roused the first traces of race - consciousness .
I remember telling a dirty joke to one of my black co-workers , which included the word “ prostitute , ” and it dawned on me that he did n’t know the meaning of the word !
I know he understood the concept because he once invited me to go look for “ hos ” after work , which I found repugnant .
I once told another black co-worker I had lived in Mexico and spoke Spanish , and it became clear he did n’t know where Mexico was , and did n’t know that Mexican - Americans speak Spanish rather than “ Mexican . ”
He also did n’t know the locations of any of the states in the Pacific Northwest .
The change in my thinking was taking place on a more or less unconscious level .
I was still living with my black girlfriend .
She had an IQ of 105 and spoke Standard English , so gave me no reasons to re-examine my thinking , but I do remember something that made me wonder whether our relationship was a good idea .
I was watching a television talk show about racially - mixed people , and a woman in the audience said she was mixed because some slave master raped one of his female slaves .
It occurred to me that she probably knew nothing about her ancestors , and that it was just as likely she had an ancestor who was a prostitute impregnated by a white customer .
It was striking to me that even mixed - race people demonize whites .
I could imagine my great - great - grandchildren with this black woman being just as anti-white , and saying they were mixed because I had raped her .
Some time after I broke up with her I got a new job in a place with full - blown affirmative action .
The workforce was 80 percent black , in an area that was about 20 percent black .
Management was 80 percent black , too , and blacks seemed to feel freer to be themselves in such an environment .
Every day I would hear the word “ mother - f*r ” shouted out within 30 seconds of coming to work .
I once saw a middle - aged black man pantomime anal rape , saying “ Ah’m gonna be oooon yo’ ass , m*f*r , Ah’m gonna be f*ing on yo ’ mother - f*ing ass ! ! ”
I had been making allowances for blacks but now I began to see an unmistakable , dramatic difference between blacks and whites of the same socioeconomic class .
Affirmative action completed my mental transformation .
I had uncritically accepted the media view that it was an extra effort to search for qualified minorities , but at this new job it was obviously about lowering standards .
I saw a white man with a BA passed over for a promotion that went to a black nincompoop who must have had an IQ of 75 .
I was enraged at how the mass media insist whites are not hurt by affirmative action .
My first full - blown heretical thought was : “ They really are as stupid as they sound ! ! ”
I started looking for information — on the Internet because I did n’t want to have to explain ordering a “ racist ” book in a bookstore .
I started lurking in the Usenet group alt.politics.nationalism.white .
The posts of someone calling himself Yggdrasil caught my attention and I started collecting them .
I had been thinking of getting some of the books he mentioned , and by chance I came across a couple of them in a used book store .
The first racialist book I read was Jared Taylor ’s Paved with Good Intentions and the next was America Balkanized by Brent Nelson .
Since that time , almost ten years ago , my interest in ethnic conflict has prompted me to read about 200 books , though many of them are on broader subjects , like general political science .
I have n’t had much success in changing anybody ’s mind .
I ’ve tried talking with relatives about immigration but it just makes them uncomfortable .
Most people are committed to conformity .
I did get one person to read about a dozen carefully selected books , but his reaction was very odd .
He started babbling about how at one time the Irish were n’t even considered white , which was hilarious because none of the books said anything about the Irish .
It was like trying to deprogram a cult member .
I have moved back to the Pacific Northwest .
Anonymous
I Was a Red-Diaper - Baby
If the definition of a liberal is someone who has never been mugged , then to know my history is to understand my political journey .
I was a red - diaper - baby .
That is , my father was a card - carrying member of the Communist Party USA .
Years later , he came partly to his senses , but remained a liberal on all issues , including race .
Predictably , my parents encouraged their children to go forth and enjoy the multi-racial joys of New York City .
I even marched with Martin Luther King when he made his famous speech , but his dream became our nightmare .
Multi-racialism resulted in a private , and on some level deserved , holocaust for my family and me .
I am the eldest of five .
One of my sisters , who was 13 at the time , was raped when she attended a party on our block .
One of the blacks repeatedly asked her to go upstairs to see his apartment .
After several rejections , he accused my sister of racism .
As a well - indoctrinated , guilt - ridden liberal , she had no choice but to go with him .
Out of fear and shame , my sister did not share her story with us until she landed in a mental ward a couple of years later .
Another sister was raped by a black open - enrollment “ student ” at City College in a locker room after she attended a co-ed swim class .
The prosecuting attorney told my sister it was an open - and - shut case because she did everything she was supposed to do :
She reported the event immediately , gave a detailed description of the accused ( including a bizarrely shaped goatee ) , and then went directly to the hospital .
However , after all the evidence was given , when the jury was polled , the whites voted to convict , but the tribe hung together and hung the jury .
Ironically , before her trial even began , another black tried to rape her in the elevator of her own building .
He entered the elevator after her , and sent it down to the basement .
There he cut her neck and was about to have his way with her , when someone luckily brought the elevator back up .
The following term , when my sister attended her first political science class , she found that the black who had raped her after the swim class was to be her classmate .
She marched off to the administration office in a fury , where she loudly threatened to sue the school for its lack of security .
They settled then and there by agreeing to pay for her to complete her education in Israel .
My mother ’s wrist was broken when an African American relieved her of her pocketbook .
I , myself , had a gun at my head twice on the streets of New York when blacks mugged me .
During the period of my family ’s holocaust in the late ’60s and early ’ 70s , I was starting my career as a teacher at George W. Wingate High School in Brooklyn .
It had recently opened as the city ’s first deliberately - integrated high school .
At first , it offered a good education , but I was struck by the differences in the abilities , work ethic , and behavior of the races .
I also noticed that the students segregated themselves in the cafeteria .
Integration can be defined as the period from when the first black moves in until the last white moves out .
As the school began to tip in the expected direction , there was racial violence and several race riots .
This festering condition culminated in the infamous Day of Knives .
On the last day of the school year , as the students were going home , many blacks menaced their white classmates with knives , and warned them not to come back .
The whites got the message and stayed away .
I served as dean of boys during the last of my eight years at that school .
We averaged five arrests a day out of a student body of about 3,000 .
One of my duties was to convince fearful parents of victims to press charges .
Every day a paddy wagon came from the local precinct to process the day ’s catch .
Sometimes we ran out of handcuffs .
There were junkies nodding out in the cafeteria , and the aroma of pot was everywhere .
It seemed as if more students roamed the halls than attended class .
Every six weeks or so , a teacher could be expected to be sent to the hospital .
I remember one young handicapped woman who walked with a cane .
Someone pushed her down the stairs , and she did not come back until the following year .
After only a few days someone pushed her down the stairs again .
She never came back .
I also recall the day a substitute cop was assigned to my office .
At first , he put his feet up on the desk and expressed pleasure with such an easy assignment .
By the end of the day he was complaining he was working harder than a desk sergeant .
One Senior Day started with water pistol battles , graduated to entire waste baskets full of water , and then fire extinguishers .
The school had to be evacuated because the water was ankle deep .
In one five month period , five of our students had either committed murder or had been murdered .
One teacher who was assigned to the school left for lunch on his first day and never came back .
By the 1980s I had developed an interest in the race question .
My family and former friends would call it an obsession .
They typically dealt with The Problem by running away from it .
To me , how liberal a person is on the topic is usually a function of his geographic distance from it .
I have always been interested in statistics , and my first exposure to racial stats came when I was watching a television program about the Bernie Goetz case .
[ Mr. Goetz was a white New Yorker who shot several young blacks who were trying to mug him . ]
I was stunned when the announcer said blacks were ten times more likely to commit a violent crime than whites — stunned not by the number , but to learn that this information was available and being discussed .
I sent for the transcript , and found myself compiling a collection of articles on crime .
My next great discovery was Charles Murray ’s Losing Ground .
In 1992 , I learned about Jared Taylor ’s Paved with Good Intentions from the Bob Grant radio program .
The rest , as they say , is history .
It has not been easy for me as a New York Jew , embracing the views that I do .
I am regarded as a pariah when I express myself .
Mostly by choice , I am estranged from my family .
My comrades are my gentile wife and retired former colleagues who have shared my professional experiences and who have drawn similar conclusions from their observations .
Mike Berman , New York , NY
Part 2
Part 3
So you think your flash new Nikon with it ’s 25,000 ISO can see in the dark huh ?
Yeah well it can’t , not without one of these anyway .
The AstroScope night vision image intensifier tube slots in between your camera and your choice of lens .
The tube is powered via the camera ’s internal battery so you do n’t need to do anything and the lens retains all it ’s normal functions including image stabilisation .
As well as being available for Nikon and Canon SLR mounts , you can also pick up an AstroScope for the Canon XL series video camera as well as high end broadcast cameras .
POA .
Transform your Nikon or Canon Digital SLR Camera and capture high resolution images at night and in low - light situations otherwise too dark for standard digital cameras .
With AstroScope , the light amplification is equivalent to the improvement of 8 - 10 F - stops so that moonlit or starlit scenes are transformed into bright , high resolution images that are easily photographed .
Tags : gadget , astroscope , night + vision +camera , night+vision+slr+camera
--------------------------------------------------
Aheda Zanetti , who launched the leg - and head - covering polyester swimsuit in 2003 , said she was not surprised at reports a 35 - year - old French woman was banned from her local swimming pool after turning up in a full - length swimsuit .
Ms Zanetti said her burqini was banned in almost every country she exported to before authorities had reconsidered and relaxed the bans .
" The Netherlands just approved it after discriminating against it , it 's approved in Germany , Sweden , Austria , " she said from the Zahiida company office in Sydney 's south - west .
" They banned it for a long time and it's only in the last couple of years that that 's stopped .
The federal government is to issue detailed guidelines to the states by June 17 on how $ 8 billion in stimulus funding is to be awarded .
Biden said the first payments , " by the end of the summer , " would go to improving systems where work could begin quickly with measurable results .
One such system is the Keystone Corridor between Philadelphia and Pittsburgh .
" Geffen Records , whose roster of stars has included Guns n' Roses , Elton John , Donna Summer , and Snoop Dogg , " said Mark Brown in the London Guardian , has just " signed a new artist — Pope Benedict XVI . "
The album , Alma Mater , will feature " his holiness " singing a Marian prayer and speaking Lauretan Litanies in various languages , accompanied by eight original pieces of modern classical music , and it 's scheduled to be " released in time for the Christmas rush . "
The Pope could easily be " a contender " for the No. 1 Christmas album , said Ben Hoyle in the London Times Online .
" He is a debut artist with an established global following , " and if his album " connects to even a small percentage of the world 's billion Catholics it should blow the likes of Jay - Z , Robbie Williams , and Susan Boyle from Britain 's Got Talent out of the water in the race for end of year sales . "
What 's surprising about the Pope 's album , said Stephen Adams in the Daily Telegraph , is that it " will not be sold as a digital download . "
But Universal , which owns Geffen , is still expecting big profits — some of which the record company will split with the Vatican , the rest going " to a charity that will provide musical education for poor children around the world . "
Posted on June 5 , 2009 in Quotes
“ As many of you know , one of my daughters is gay and it is something we have lived with for a long time in our family .
I think people ought to be free to enter into any kind of union they wish .
Any kind of arrangement they wish .
The question of whether or not there ought to be a federal statute to protect this , I do n’t support .
I do believe that the historically the way marriage has been regulated is at the state level .
It has always been a state issue and I think that is the way it ought to be handled , on a state - by - state basis … But I do n’t have any problem with that .
People ought to get a shot at that ”
— Dick Cheney , reiterating his opposition to the Defense of Marriage Act
“ I do not support gay marriage .
Marriage has religious and social connotations , and I consider marriage to be between a man and a woman …
I do believe that tradition and my religious beliefs say that marriage is something sanctified between a man and a woman . ”
— Barack Obama explains his opposition to gay marriage
Yup , you read that right .
Dick Cheney supports gay marriage more than Barack Obama does .
See Also : Quote of the Day : Obama on Gay Marriage , New Hampshire Is Sixth State to Ratify Gay Marriage , How to Sell Marriage Equality , I am still in love with Obama , Obama Continues To Disappoint , The Dick Cheney Tolerance Myth , Cheney for Gay Marriage , and Dick Cheney comes out in support of gay marriage .
[ tags ] gay marriage , dick cheney , barack obama , who is more progressive on gay marriage , civil unions , freedom , gay adoption , quotes on gay marriage [ / tags ]
Avril Boyne , more than eight months ' pregnant , who has nine years ' service at Thomas Cook , protesting at the closure of the travel agency and the redundancy package offered to staff at the Thomas Cook office , Grafton Street , Dublin .
Thomas Cook is offering five weeks ' pay for each year of service but workers are holding out for eight weeks .
Photograph by Matt Kavanagh / Irish Times .
* * *
STOP PRESS : Thomas Cook sit - in raided by police , workers arrested !
Send protest / solidarity emails to wendy@thomascook.ie and fennj@tssa.org.uk
Irish Times : Thomas Cook arrests ' a dark stain '
August 4 , 2009 -- 8:31 AM
--
Trade union Unite said the arrest of some 30 Thomas Cook workers at the company 's Grafton
St premises this morning was " a dark stain on the history of industrial relations in Ireland " .
The workers , who had been engaged in a protest sit -in at the premises , were removed by gardaí [ Ireland 's police ] following a ruling by the High Court ordering the workers to leave the premises by 7 pm yesterday .
“ These are ordinary working people standing up for their rights , ” said regional secretary of Unite Jimmy Kelly .
“ They have a right to be treated with respect and for their employer to hold to a standard of engagement that , in this case , has merely been cast aside . ”
August 5 , 2009 --
An Irish High Court judge released 28 former staff of travel group Thomas Cook today after they agreed not to resume a four - day sit - in at its Dublin premises in a dispute over redundancy payments .
A nine - month pregnant former employee was whisked straight to hospital following the raid .
She gave birth to a baby girl shortly afterwards .
* * *
By Richie Venton
August 2 , 2009 -- Scottish Socialist Party --
A rash of factory and workplace occupations is spreading across the globe as workers defy the brutal consequences of the recession .
Instead of surrendering to mass redundancies and outright closures – sometimes at a few minutes ’ notice , often without even redundancy packages – workers are occupying their workplaces as a central method of struggling for justice .
Every example that wins concessions is boosting the belief of workers at other workplaces that there is an alternative to just resigning to the butchery in the boardrooms – that belligerent , militant class action can win at least something where workers have nothing to lose .
Currently , the sit-in at Vestas wind turbine factory on the Isle of Wight is creating a storm of international publicity and sympathy for the 600 workers who face the dole , at the same time as the Labour government recently pledged to create 400,000 new green jobs over five years .
The 25 Vestas workers who have staged this factory occupation , supported by a mass rally outside every night , have shown tremendous courage in the face of numerous separate attempts by the bully - boy , anti-union Vestas bosses to evict them .
They tried to starve them out , blocking food supplies being sent in by supporters .
They threatened the sack and removal of redundancy payments from the workers staging the sit - in , to intimidate them .
They took out an injunction to gain re-possession of the factory – in order to close it and move production to the USA and China !
The transport union RMT took up the workers ’ legal defence and won a delay in the possession order being issued – primarily because of the visible display of widespread solidarity outside the factory gates every night and on several demonstrations .
The factory was due to close on July 31 – but the seizure of the factory by workers has just won an indefinite extension of that deadline .
Vestas had no union recognition .
Some workers joined a union and started organising others .
A group of them established a campaign committee and organised the sit - in from July 20 .
This bold action won the active support of hundreds of others – Vestas workers , other trade unionists , environmentalists , the local community – on an island where there are no other jobs to go to .
Vestas workers have gone further than any of the other recent factory sit-ins in terms of the demands they are making from their ``campaign headquarters '' inside the factory : “ Gordon Brown –- Nationalise This ! ” , declared the banner from day one .
A statement from the workers ’ occupation declared , “ If the government can spend billions bailing out the banks -- and even nationalise them -- then surely they can do the same at Vestas . ”
Every victory encourages action
As well as organising solidarity for these heroic fighters for jobs and the protection of the environment , we have a duty to learn from workers ’ experiences of sit-ins as a method of struggle , particularly as redundancies and closures sweep the land like a pandemic .
Vestas is only the latest in a series of workplace occupations in the UK .
And Thomas Cook workers in Dublin , members of the Transport Salaried Staffs ’ Association , have just ( July 31 ) occupied in defiance of job losses through closure of 100 offices .
Thomas Cook occupation , Ireland .
The recent outbreak of factory takeovers in Britain and Ireland began with Waterford Glass workers occupying their plant on January 30 , in opposition to the employers ’ announcement of an immediate end to production and 480 job losses .
After eight weeks ’ struggle , they reluctantly accepted a deal that saved 176 of the 480 jobs .
Visteon occupation
But their example fed the appetite of other workers facing savage closures under brutal terms and conditions .
On March 31 , more than 600 workers at three Visteon ( ex - Ford ) plants in Belfast in northern Ireland and Enfield and Basildon in England occupied and picketed when they were declared redundant at a few minutes ’ notice , without any redundancy pay and with their pensions frozen .
A month later , appropriately on May Day , the workers won enhanced redundancy terms , payments in lieu of notice , and holiday pay .
As Kevin Nolan , UNITE union convener at the Enfield factory put it , “ People ended up with a year and a half ’s worth of salary .
That ’s a victory when you consider Visteon was hiding behind the recession as a way of completely abandoning all responsibility for 600 workers and just dumping them . ”
Prior to that high - profile sit-in , a small group of non-unionised workers at Prisme in Dundee , Scotland , occupied their workplace , encouraged by Waterford Glass workers ( who subsequently visited the Dundee sit - in ) .
They had been sacked without notice and without any redundancy pay .
Fifty - one days later , the sit - in beat off the redundancies by establishing a cooperative .
Vital part of workers ' movement history
Workplace occupations are not a new form of struggle , of course , but this new wave of sit-ins follows many years of the method receding into the background .
Italian car workers seized their factories in northern Italy in the 1920s .
What were dubbed ``sit - won strikes '' swept countries like France and the USA in the mid-1930s .
Closer to home and to the present , the most famous workplace occupation was the 1971 - 72 Upper Clyde Shipbuilders ( UCS ) ``work - in '' -- in response to the British Conservative Party government ’s closure of the yards with at least 6000 redundancies .
This triggered a mass movement , saved many of the jobs after the Tories were forced into a U - turn , and was the impetus for at least 200 sit-ins across the UK in the first half of the 1970s .
For a time such audacious actions receded , although Lee Jeans ( mostly women ) workers in Greenock occupied in 1981 ; Caterpillar workers in Uddingston in 1986 ; and Glacier Metal workers in Glasgow won an outright victory after their seven - week occupation in November - December 1996 .
Now , as the global capitalist crisis bites , with even more catastrophic closures and cutbacks on jobs looming , this form of struggle could come back into its own .
Powerful weapon
Sit-ins are a powerful weapon , paralysing production ; psychologically bringing the battle into the bosses ’ ``own territory '' ; preventing them from stripping the factory of machinery and equipment that they may want to shift to other production sites , including abroad , in their hunt for subsidies and cheaper labour ; preventing bosses from bussing in scabs past picket lines that are hamstrung by anti-union laws and deployment of the police ( as seen , for example , at Timex in 1993 ) .
But a sit - in ``with folded arms '' can still be defeated , or at best win shoddy concessions far short of the potential victories possible if workers ’ occupations are also accompanied by concerted campaigning outside the sit-in .
When workers facing closures consider a sit - in they should also try to prepare for a campaign of seeking solidarity from fellow workers and local communities – or at least put that into action as soon as they occupy .
Such outgoing , concerted campaigning is critical , first to help prevent employers evicting them , and second to enhance the prospects of outright victory for their demands .
That was the advice we put into action from day one of the Glacier Metal occupation in 1996 .
It is clearly what the Vestas workers are ably applying right now .
Touring other workplaces ; taking to the streets with leaflets , bucket collections and megaphones to explain the case behind the sit-ins ; organising solidarity mass pickets , rallies and demonstrations – all this and more was done in conquering outright victory for the 1996 Glacier Metal workers sit-in , and is the method being applied at other current occupations to one extent or another .
Demands
The other key question that remains is : what do workers demand whilst they occupy their workplace ?
Of course that depends on what they are fighting against !
In the case of Glacier Metal it was a fight against the mass dismissal of the entire workforce in the drive to smash the union and rip up hard - won conditions .
So full re-instatement of every worker , with continuity of terms and conditions , and continued union recognition , were the demands of the sit-in .
And that was what was won !
In the case of Visteon , workers occupied to win redundancy payments and protection of their pensions .
They won substantial concessions , though they still lost their jobs .
Vestas workers , as stated earlier , have made the most far - reaching demands – and absolutely appropriate ones to the situation , occupying in support of nationalisation of the factory .
With the need to save jobs and simultaneously save the planet from catastrophic climate change , the best route is public ownership of the UK ’s only wind turbine factory , as part of the call for public ownership of the energy industry as a means of democratically planning clean , green energy production .
Most occupations arise from closures or mass redundancies .
So defence of every job is the starting point .
And instead of pouring a fortune from the public purse down the throats of profiteering bosses who are hell - bent on racing across the globe in pursuit of superprofits , workers and their unions champion the demand for public ownership of the assets , under democratic working - class control , to sustain jobs .
Reverse the tide of closures
Workplace occupations are not a ``one - size - fits - all ' ' method of struggle , applicable on every single occasion .
They should not be turned into a fetish .
But they are an enormously powerful weapon of struggle that should be utilised far more widely in the teeth of closures and mass redundancies , and in the vast majority of cases have won huge concessions or outright victories .
On the other hand , in some conditions , strikes in the face of closures can sometimes allow the employers to just walk away , leaving whole communities wrecked .
And in stark contrast to both , appeals to the employers ’ good nature to ``change their minds '' about closures are a pitifully weak response to the boardroom boot - boys , who will only ever ``change their minds '' when they know the alternative is carnage for their reputation and profit levels .
Many workers will increasingly see they have nothing to lose in the teeth of mass redundancies , and a lot to win by taking up the cudgels .
As Visteon ’s UNITE convener Kevin Nolan recently told Labour Research magazine , “ We just thought : ‘ What do we have to lose ? ’
So we just went for it .
If anyone else is in the same position I ’d say weigh everything up and if you think there ’s a chance of winning something back or improving your situation by occupying the place , then go for it . ”
By seizing control of the company assets , including valuable machinery , plus halting production , whilst using the workplace as a huge campaign headquarters , occupations provide workers with an unprecedented platform to take on the bosses who want to heap the crisis they have created on the shoulders of working people .
We have a duty to concretely assist every group of workers who take such action ; every victory won is a boost to the generalised struggle to save jobs , not profits , to reverse the tide of closures and cutbacks endured for far too long .
[ Richie Venton is the Scottish Socialist Party 's industrial organiser . ]
Provincial Chinese police have detained at least five people over content posted online that alleged gang - rape and murder at a police - backed brothel .
The detentions add to a long string of cases in which Chinese police have taken bloggers or other Internet users into custody for writing online about government corruption .
The events also show how Chinese Internet users have sometimes used the Web to reveal and trumpet injustices , and how the government has worked to control online opinion when it turns critical of authority .
The five people have all been detained on defamation charges in the weeks since text and video accounts of the scandal spread on popular Chinese Web forums , lawyers for two of the detained people said Thursday .
A sixth person , writing on Twitter from a mobile phone early Thursday , claimed to have been taken away by police in the same municipal district of Fuzhou , Fujian province , where the other detentions occurred .
Articles posted online last month gave a mother 's account of how a gang member called her 25 - year - old daughter , Yan Xiaoling , and ordered her to come out to meet .
The woman found her daughter dead in the hospital the next day and was told she had been raped by up to eight people before dying , according to the articles .
Police held a press conference the day after the articles appeared online and were widely re-posted .
An official denied any violence or rape and said Yan had died of bleeding caused by a failed pregnancy , according to the state - run Xinhua news agency .
The official also denied any police ties to the gangster or to a prostitution - peddling karaoke joint owned by him , both allegations made in the online accounts .
But within days , police began detaining Internet users they seemed to suspect of writing the online accounts .
Police have said that the defamation charges stem from the online materials , Liu Xiaoyuan , a lawyer for one of the detainees , said by phone .
Police also told Liu that his client 's case touched on state secrets , Liu said .
Liu and Lin Hongnan , a lawyer for another of the detainees , have both been denied visits with their clients , Lin said .
Lin 's client has been detained for over two weeks .
" That 's a long time , " Lin said .
The Twitter user who claimed to have been detained on Thursday had written earlier messages on the service about the rape case , including one that linked to a video of the victim 's mother speaking .
Police in the district where the detentions occurred refused to answer questions by phone .
Discussion of the detentions appeared to be monitored in Chinese forums .
One Twitter user said all of his posts on the issue were deleted from Douban.com , a popular forum .
The force of online opinion has appeared to steer government action in some cases against Chinese citizens .
Last month , a court dropped criminal charges against a young waitress who stabbed a Communist Party official who demanded sex .
Talk of the case in online forums had grown widespread and overwhelmingly in support of the woman .
But online speech still faces clear boundaries in China .
Dissidents , many of whom write online , are often bullied by police .
Authorities also monitor Internet traffic , block
Web sites they deem sensitive and require owners of online forums to keep them clear of certain political content .
YouTube has been blocked in China for months , and Facebook and Twitter both became inaccessible last week after deadly ethnic riots in western Xinjiang province .
Another , separate detention last month targeted a Chinese blogger who proposed commemorating the date when Beijing suppressed student protests in 1989 , the Chinese Human Rights Defenders advocacy group said in an e-mail on Thursday .
Ning Wenzhong , who blogged under the name " Woodcutter , " was sent for one year of re-education through labor last month after posting a call online urging people to lay flowers on Tiananmen Square , the group said , citing Ning 's brother .
Hundreds were killed when Beijing ordered the military to clear pro-democracy protesters from its central square on June 4 twenty years ago .
China this year stepped up Internet censorship and monitoring of dissidents ahead of that anniversary .
It faces another sensitive date this October , when the government will mark 60 years in power .
Bugatti Veyron vs. McLaren F1 – Click above to watch video after the jump
Episode 2 of Top Gear 's 13th season aired last night in the UK , and the main event was a one - mile drag race between the McLaren F1 and the Bugatti Veyron .
Notice that we did n't say a McLaren F1 and a Bugatti Veyron .
These two supercars are so super ( and rare ) that any single example tends to represent the whole run of each , and since your chances of encountering two of either kind in the same place are practically nill , they might as well be the only ones in existence .
The Top Gear crew chose Abu Dhabi as the location for its supercar shootout .
With an arid climate that sees practically no rain or freezing - and - thawing cycles , the roads in Abu Dhabi are long , straight and , most importantly , free of pot holes .
Richard Hammond chooses to pilot the Bug and The Stig takes the centrally located wheel of the F1 .
We wo n't spoil the results except to say that this is the most real and nail - biting competition that we 've seen on Top Gear in a long time .
Follow the jump to watch yesteryear 's supercar , the McLaren F1 , go head - to - head with today 's top dog , the Bugatti Veyron .
Thanks for the tip , Will !
[ Source : YouTube
Two " gay " male penguins have hatched a chick and are now rearing it as its adoptive parents .
The zoo in Bremerhaven , northern Germany , says the adult males - Z and Vielpunkt - were given an egg which was rejected by its biological parents and are now happily rearing the chick .
Tristana Moore reports .
These days , you can barely turn around without hitting an actor , singer , or pseudo - celebrity who wants to make their own comic book , but the current craze is nothing new -- bizarre celebrity cameos are as old as comics themselves , and Chris Sims of the Invincible Super - Blog has created a list of the nine worst appearances by real people in comics ( and four that are actually pretty awesome ) .
digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/9_Terrible_Comics_Starring_Real_People_W_Pics'; digg_bgcolor = ' # ffffff ' ; 13 .
World Championship Wrestling ( Marvel , 1993 )
Considering that they both tend to be about men in tights beating the crap out of each other over a predetermined storyline , one would think that combining comic books and pro wrestling would be a no - brainer .
In practice , however , it usually leads to a spectacular failure , like the WCW comic that was -- no joke -- sold at both comic boook stores and bait shops in South Carolina , and was so terrible that when a character looked into a mirror , his reflection was making a completely different expression .
And this was the bestattempt made at a wrestling comic .
12 . The Undertaker ( Chaos ! Comics , 2001 )
The uniformly terrible Chaos !
Comics line got the license for several WWF Superstars ( including " Stone Cold " Steve Austin , The Rock , and , perhaps most regrettably , Chyna ) in the early 2000s , but none of them are quite as iconic as The Undertaker , whose short - lived series was based on the premise that when the six - time World Champion was in the ring , he was actually fighting literal demons that would be sent to hell with his signature Tombstone Piledriver .
Wrestling fans will believe a lot , but that 's pushing it .
11 . Nash ( Image , 1999 )
Even stranger was Nash , which removed pro wrestler Kevin ( sigh ) " Big Sexy " Nash from the wrestling ring and instead put him into a post - apocalyptic Liefeldian wasteland for reasons that are completely beyond our understanding .
10 . WARRIOR ( Warrior , 1996 )
And finally , no discussion of terrible pro-wrestler themed comics would be complete without the legendarily terrible WARRIOR , written and based on the former WWF champ who had his name legally changed to " WARRIOR " after a trademark dispute with the company .
With four issues and a Christmas special ( yes , really ) , this one is about ... well , to be honest , we 've read every issue and still have no friggin ' idea what was supposed to be happening in this series .
It 's mainly just about Warrior making up words like " foked " and " Destrucity " and then working them into essays in the back matter .
9. John Walsh in " The Outsiders " ( DC , 2004 )
In one of the least logical appearances by a real person in comics , Judd Winick scripted a story where the Outsiders turned to " America 's Most Wanted " host John Walsh to find a missing child , then promptly showed him up by using crazy super - technology that , for reasons that are never made clear , Nightwing has never bothered to hand over to any actual law enforcement agencies .
Nice one , Dick .
8. New Kids on the Block ( Harvey , 1990 )
During the height of the New Kids on the Block craze of the early '90s , Harvey was publishing no fewer than seven series ( and more one - shots ) featuring the superstar boy - band , including one where they just hung out with Harvey mainstay and plutocrat - in - training Richie Rich .
Sadly , the issue where Donnie Wahlberg " accidentally " burnt down the Rich mansion only exists in our dreams .
7. Mr. T and the T - Force ( Now Comics , 1993 )
Everyone 's favorite mohawked member of the A - Team has actually starred in three comic series , starting with the odd " Mr. T and the T - Force " in 1993 , which featured art by the legendary Neal Adams .
Curiously , the series debuted well after Mr. T's initial popularity waned and before the rise of nostalgia that would see him return in graphic novel format in 2009 , but the biggest disappointment was that the " T - Force " was a gang of scrappy youngsters and not some kind of mystical energy field generated by his gold chains .
His recent original graphic novel more than makes up for it though , as it features Mr. T as as a bodyguard in a super - suit that fights his Caucasian equivalent , Mr. C .
6. Pat Boone ( DC , 1959 )
It might be hard to believe , but musician and king of the prexies Pat Boone was at one time so popular that he not only guest starred in an issue of " Superman 's Girl Friend Lois Lane " ( in which the Man of Steel 's deep - rooted Kryptonian psychosis leads him to write a folk song that subliminally reveals his secret identity ) , he also had his own solo title for five issues .
Which puts him in the company of ...
5 . The Insane Clown Posse ( Chaos ! Comics , 2000 )
As has already been established , Chaos !
Comics -- the company built on the success of " Evil Ernie " and " Lady Death " -- was absolutely terrible , but rarely did quality sink to the fan - fiction - esque levels of this one , which included an issue where the eponymous band spent two pages talking about how awesome their fans were , then led said fans to a strip club where all the strippers immediately fell in love with them , and then killed a bunch of mouthy jocks in stereotypical letter jackets .
Seriously .
That is literally what happens .
4. Prince ( DC / Piranha Press , 1991 )
On the flipside , DC put out a comic about Prince in 1991 with art by " The Question " penciller Denys Cowan , a cover from " Batman : the Killing Joke " artist Brian Bolland , and a script by Dwayne McDuffie that was so over - the - top that it looped around to become awesome .
The plot involves Prince 's evil twin , Gemini -- whose music is powered by hatred --r eturning to Minnesota and taking over , leading to a rock - off that involves both a complex death - trap and Prince literally bringing a dead woman back to life with the power of Purple Rain .
Also he is compared to Batman .
Twice .
3. The Adventures of Bob Hope ( DC , 1950 )
DC 's long - running comic about the similarly long - running comedian Bob Hope not only saw issues scripted by " Doom Patrol " creator Arnold Drake , but also gave us one of the ComicsAlliance 's favorite characters , the shape - shifting mod Super - Hip , described by Wikipedia as ...
... the crew cut and bow tie - clad ' nephew ' of Bob Hope and a student at Benedict Arnold High School , an educational facility whose " Faculty of Fear " is comprised entirely of Universal Horror - style monsters , including principal Dr. Van Pyre , German - accented science teacher Prof.
Heinrich von Wolfmann , and coach Franklin Stein .
And that 's awesome .
2. Don Rickles in Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen ( DC , 1971 )
And finally , the strangest real - life team - up of all saw Jack Kirby , the King of Comics , introducing Don Rickles , the King of Insult Comics , to the comedian 's long - lost costumed twin Goody Rickles , who in Superman 's words , " causes more trouble than the villains . "
It is completely insane , but as far as crazy things that have happened to Jimmy Olsen , it 's not even in the top five .
1. Barack Obama in The Amazing Spider - Man ( Marvel , 2009 )
Political figures have been appearing in comics for as long as there have been comics : JFK famously showed up in " Superman " and the " lost " Teen Titans Annual where Bob Haney revealed that an alien impostor was assassinated , freeing him to bring peace to an alien planet ; Franklin Roosevelt was a supporting character in a good number of Justice Society stories ; Bill Clinton made a few appearances in in " Captain America " ; even Fidel Castro teamed up with the Flash in the late ' 80s !
But the biggest impact on comics has been President Barack Obama , who made appearances in " Licensable Bear " and " Savage Dragon " before a team - up with Spider - Man opened the floodgates that saw him in everything from Rob Liefeld 's " Youngblood " to " Drafted , " where he used his skills as a community organizer to battle an alien invasion after being rendered mute .
Yes , really .
Elsewhere on the web :
British Government Releases UFO Files
Nintendo Wants to Make Me Look Like an Idiot
Johnny Cash Guest Stars in Guitar Hero 5
The prospects for women who are scientists and engineers at major research universities have improved , although women continue to face inequalities in salary and access to some other resources , a panel of the National Research Council concludes in a new report .
In recent years “ men and women faculty in science , engineering and mathematics have enjoyed comparable opportunities , ” the panel said in its report , released on Tuesday .
It found that women who apply for university jobs and , once they have them , for promotion and tenure , are at least as likely to succeed as men .
But compared with their numbers among new Ph.D. ’s , women are still underrepresented in applicant pools , a puzzle that offers an opportunity for further research , the panel said .
The panel said one factor outshined all others in encouraging women to apply for jobs : having women on the committees appointed to fill them .
In another report this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , researchers at the University of Wisconsin reviewed a variety of studies and concluded that the achievement gap between boys and girls in mathematics performance had narrowed to the vanishing point .
About Me Gian Copenhagen , Denmark I'm a New Zealander , currently doing a PhD in Computer Science and living in Copenhagen .
My username is " gian " , then a " . " , then " perrone " , followed by an " @ " sign .
Then you add " gmail.com " to get my email address .
You can follow me on Twitter - http://twitter.com/gianp
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
Today is very exciting for us because we ’ve just released a much anticipated update to our iPhone development platform — Unity iPhone 1.5 .
Some of the highlights from this major point release include :
Significant Performance Boosts
Up to 3 x faster than 1.0.3 .
Performance critical paths rewritten to take advantage of VFP coprocessor , animation skinning is up to 4 x faster .
Automatic batching of meshes to reduce draw calls .
Built - in Anti-piracy Protection
Identify if Apple DRM was removed from the application bundle and modify application behaviour accordingly .
More Power
Full support for native Objective C and C++ code opens full access to the iPhone 3.x APIs and custom plugins .
Access to video - playback , on screen keyboard support , and GPS / location services .
Support for 8 - texture shading on iPhone 3GS with automatic fallbacks for iPhone 3G .
Better Docs
Detailed instructions on iphone - specific optimizations .
New 150 page tutorial to get you up to speed with iPhone game making .
Further information about this release , a download link for the update , and a link to the Penelope Tutorial can all be found here : http://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/iphone-1.5
The AP noted today that With credit tight , Fed extends consumer loan plan :
With banks limiting the availability of auto , student and other consumer loans , the Federal Reserve said Monday it would extend a program intended to help spur more lending at low rates .
The program is set up to provide up to $ 1 trillion in low - cost financing to investors to buy securities backed by consumer and commercial loans .
But private economists said the program , Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility , or TALF , has so far provided little benefit for consumers and businesses still struggling to get credit .
The program , originally set to expire at the end of the year , has two parts .
The part aimed at boosting consumer and business lending is being extended through March .
The part geared toward boosting new commercial real estate lending will run through June , because of the extra time typically needed to complete such deals .
Delinquency rates on such loans have soared as companies have downsized or closed their doors , the Fed has said .
TALF was created in March , part of the efforts by the Fed and the Obama administration to ease credit , stabilize the financial system and fight the recession .
Under the program , the Fed allows for low - rate financing for investors to buy securities backed by credit card debt , auto loans , student loans and loans to small businesses .
The market for such loans essentially froze up last fall with the eruption of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
The program has the potential to generate up to $ 1 trillion in lending , according to the government .
But participation has been scant : As of Aug. 12 , the value of loans outstanding stood at just $ 29.6 billion .
To get an idea of how successful the Fed ’s program to bring back consumer lending has been , please consider the latest update on consumer credit :
In June 2009 total consumer credit volume dropped to $ 2.48 trillion .
It fell by $ 17.2 billion ( 0.7 % ) from May 2009 and a total of $ 110.5 billion ( 4.3 % ) since its peak in December 2008 ; an ongoing corollary of deflation , overall contraction , and ending consumerism .
It is important to understand what is so misguided about these ideas .
We hear it again and again , how the Fed will continue to push for more credit , borrowing , lending , consumption , etc .
Rarely ever do we hear the question asked “ Do people want any more debt ? ” .
The simple answer : No . People are sick and tired of debt .
The Fed can try as much as it wants , it wo n’t be able to force lending .
When people have had enough they have had enough .
Since this causality is not intuitive for everyone to understand , Robert Prechter came up with a neat example that explains the concept a little better , I already posted it before :
Jaguar Inflation I am tired of hearing people insist that the Fed can expand credit all it wants .
Sometimes an analogy clarifies a subject so let ’s try one .
[ smartads ]
It may sound crazy , but suppose the government were to decide that the health of the nation depends upon producing Jaguar automobiles and providing them to as many people as possible .
To facilitate that goal , it begins operating Jaguar plants all over the country , subsidizing it with tax money .
To everyone ’s delight , it offers these luxury cars for sale at 50 percent off the old price .
People flock to the showrooms and buy .
Later , sales slow down , so the government cuts the price in half again .
More people rush in and buy .
Sales again slow , so it lowers the price to $ 900 each .
People return to the stores and buy two or three , or half a dozen .
Why not ?
Look how cheap they are !
Buyers give Jaguars to their kids and park an extra one on the lawn .
Finally , the country is awash in Jaguars .
Alas , sales slow again , and the government panics .
It must move more Jaguars , or , according to its theory – ironically now made fact – the economy will recede .
People are working three days a week just to pay their taxes so the government can keep producing more Jaguars .
If Jaguars stop moving the economy will stop .
So the government begins giving Jaguars away .
A few more cars move out of the showrooms , but then it ends .
Nobody wants any more Jaguars .
They do n’t care if they ’re free .
They ca n’t find a use for them .
Production of Jaguars ceases .
It takes years to work through the overhanging supply of Jaguars .
Tax collections collapse , the factories close , and unemployment soars .
The economy is wrecked .
People ca n’t afford to buy gasoline , so many of the Jaguars rust away to worthlessness .
The number of Jaguars – at best – returns to the level it was before the program began .
The same thing can happen with credit .
It may sound crazy , but suppose the government were to decide that the health of the nation depends upon producing credit and providing it to as many people as possible .
To facilitate that goal , it begins operating credit production plants all over the country , called Federal Reserve Banks .
To everyone ’s delight , the banks offer the credit for sale at below market rates .
People flock to the banks and buy .
Later , sales slow down , so the banks cut the price again .
More people rush in and buy .
Sales again slow , so it lowers the price to 1 percent .
People return to the banks and buy even more credit .
Why not ?
Look how cheap it is !
Borrowers use credit to buy houses , boats and an extra Jaguar to park out on the lawn .
Finally , the country is awash in credit .
Alas , sales slow again , and the banks panic .
They must move more credit , or , according to its theory – ironically now made fact – the economy will recede .
People are working three days a week just to pay the interest on their debt so the banks can keep offering more credit .
If credit stops moving the economy will stop .
So they start giving credit away at zero percent interest .
A few more loans move through the tellers ’ windows , but then it ends .
Nobody wants any more credit .
They do n’t care if they ’re free .
They ca n’t find a use for it .
Production of credit ceases .
It takes years to work through the overhanging supply of credit .
Interest payments collapse , banks close , and unemployment soars .
The economy is wrecked .
People ca n’t afford to pay interest on their debts , so many bonds deteriorate away to worthlessness .
The value of credit – at best – returns to the level it was before the program began .
This is exactly the situation we have in the US .
People took on way more credit than they could ever pay off .
They have over borrowed , over spent , over consumed .
The contraction we see now is the deflationary payback for years of unprecedented profligacy .
When people have had enough of something , they ’ve had enough .
Jaguars ?
Anyone ?
Related Posts :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama had a tough - love message for fellow African - Americans on Thursday , urging black parents to push their children to think beyond dreams of being sports stars or rap music performers .
Obama ’s election as the first African - American president buoyed the black community .
At the 100th anniversary celebration of the NAACP , the country ’s oldest civil rights group , he urged blacks to take greater responsibility for themselves and move away from reliance on government programs .
“ We need a new mindset , a new set of attitudes -- because one of the most durable and destructive legacies of discrimination is the way that we have internalized a sense of limitation ; how so many in our community have come to expect so little of ourselves , ” he said .
Obama told a packed ballroom at a Manhattan hotel that blacks need to recapture the spirit of the civil rights movement of a half century ago to tackle problems that have struck African - Americans disproportionately -- joblessness , spiraling healthcare costs and HIV - AIDS .
“ What is required to overcome today ’s barriers is the same as was needed then -- the same commitment .
The same sense of urgency .
The same sense of sacrifice , ” he said .
Obama said parents need to force their children to set aside the video games and get to bed at a reasonable hour , and push them to set their sights beyond such iconic figures as NBA star LeBron James and rap singer Lil Wayne .
Education is the path to a better future , said Obama .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
“ Our kids ca n’t all aspire to be the next LeBron or Lil Wayne .
I want them aspiring to be scientists and engineers , doctors and teachers , not just ballers and rappers .
I want them aspiring to be a Supreme Court justice .
I want them aspiring to be president of the United States , ” he said .
Obama noted that his own life could have taken a different path , had it not been for his mother ’s urgings .
‘ SHE TOOK NO LIP ’
“ That mother of mine gave me love ; she pushed me , and cared about my education , ” he said .
“ She took no lip and taught me right from wrong .
Because of her , I had a chance to make the most of my abilities .
I had the chance to make the most of my opportunities .
I had the chance to make the most of life . ”
Obama was on one of his first major political outings since he took office January 20 .
In Holmdel , New Jersey , he spoke twice for Gov. Jon Corzine , who is seeking re-election but lagging badly in the polls against Republican nominee Chris Christie .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
New Jersey and Virginia hold gubernatorial elections in November .
Though local issues typically define who wins , the outcome is likely to be viewed as an early referendum on Obama ’s leadership , ahead of the 2010 congressional elections .
Obama himself enjoys strong public approval ratings well over 50 percent , but they have been dropping in recent weeks from the lofty heights he had enjoyed in the first months of his presidency , suggesting his political honeymoon was coming to an end as Americans begin to examine his policies .
Obama said in recession - hit New Jersey that turning around the jobless rate is usually one of the lagging indicators at the end of an economic downturn .
After earlier in the week announcing it was now his economy to fix , he was tough in his criticism of Republicans , blaming them for getting the country into the current predicament .
Corzine , speaking to thousands at an open - air arena , attempted to tie his Republican opponents to the unpopular presidency of George W. Bush , a strategy similar to that which Obama employed in defeating John McCain last November .
“ The same people who miserably failed in the White House now want you to hand the keys to the statehouse to them .
No way ! ” Corzine said .
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
A report from an Israeli advocacy group based on what it says is the testimony of several unnamed Israeli soldiers accuses the Israeli military of intentionally putting Palestinian civilians at risk during its recent operation in Gaza .
Palestinian Majid Abed Raboh , left , shows Wednesday how he says Israeli soldiers used him as a human shield .
The report , released Wednesday from a group called " Breaking the Silence " -- which includes former Israeli soldiers -- has been dismissed by the Israeli military as slanderous .
In the 110 - page report , the group said some of the 26 soldiers interviewed said they used Palestinians as human shields during the military 's more than two - week long ground operation in Gaza earlier this year .
" In some cases a civilian would be forced to walk in front of soldier while the soldier places his gun barrel on the civilian 's shoulder , " the report states .
Other soldiers talk about destroying buildings even though the structures posed no direct threat .
They also said that white phosphorus was used in densely populated areas and describe the rules of engagement as " permissive . "
Phosphorus shells can be used to create a smokescreen for troops .
In creating the diversion , the element ignites when exposed to oxygen and can cause severe burns .
International law calls on militaries to limit the use white phosphorus in civilian areas .
Other organizations , including the United Nations ' Human Rights Council , Amnesty International and the U.S. - based Physicians for Human Rights , have criticized the Israeli military 's conduct in Gaza .
Israel has questioned the legitimacy of those claims , as well .
The stories presented by Breaking the Silence are anonymous accounts which CNN cannot independently verify .
The group said that the soldiers were not willing to speak with the media .
In response to the report 's allegations , the Israeli military said it complied with international law on all fronts .
The advocacy group said many of the soldiers interviewed in its report are still serving and fear repercussions if they reveal their identity , and they did not take their complaints up the chain of command .
The Israeli military has rejected the report , saying the anonymous nature of the testimonies means they lack credibility .
" There are no factual details , no places , no names of incidents in specific houses on a specific date , " military spokesman Lt. Col.
Avital Liebovitch said .
" I would be more than happy to be provided with these details and I will be able to investigate them . "
The Israeli military conducted its own investigation into soldiers ' actions during Operation Cast Lead , its 22 - day military offensive in January against the militant group Hamas in an effort to end ongoing rocket attacks .
It found that Israeli forces " operated in accordance with international law " although there were a few incidents in which " intelligence or operational errors " occurred .
Fighting left more than 1,400 Palestinians dead according to officials in Gaza , while Israel put that death toll closer to 1,100 , saying more than 70 percent of those killed were Hamas militants .
Thirteen Israelis were killed during the operation , including three civilians .
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , responding to the report which was widely publicized in Israel , said the criticism was " misplaced and misdirected . "
" If someone has a criticism , or information or conclusions about IDF ( Israel Defense Forces ) actions , they should bring them to me , as minister of defense of the state of Israel , and to the Israeli government that instructed the IDF to restore quiet to the communities in the south , " Barak said .
" The IDF is the most moral army in the world and it operates according to the highest ethical code . "
CNN did independently obtain corroborating detail on one anonymous claim in the report .
Gaza resident Shafiq
Daher told CNN earlier this week that he was used as a human shield by Israeli soldiers during the recent Gaza military operation .
His description of his experience closely matched an account given in the Breaking the Silence report .
" He was holding with all his strength like this and with his heavy machine gun on the other shoulder , " said Daher , who demonstrated how the soldier walked behind him as they approached his neighbors ' homes .
The Israeli military would not comment on whether Palestinians were used as human shields in Gaza , saying only that there are dozens of ongoing internal investigations into individual soldier conduct .
Daher , who lives in Jabaliya outside Gaza City , said he was forced to search his neighbors ' homes this way for about a week , under heavy fire .
He said he was also given a hammer and told to break through his neighbors ' walls .
" I felt like a dead man walking , " he said .
" I was walking and praying to God and thought this is what death is like . "
All About Gaza • Israeli Defense Forces
As banks begin paying back their federal bailout money , some lawmakers and government watchdogs worry the Obama administration is n’t driving a hard - enough bargain on the one part of the investment that could generate a profit for taxpayers .
Banks that received money from the $ 700 - billion Troubled Asset Relief Program were required to supply the government with warrants to buy future stock at a set price .
Congress wanted taxpayers to benefit if the banks became financially healthier .
But on Wednesday , some members of a House subcommittee questioned the head of the TARP program about what they saw as mixed results on some early returns .
Those questions arose even though Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , which repaid $ 10 billion in TARP money last month , said Wednesday that it had repurchased its warrants from the government for $ 1.1 billion .
Advertisement
Combined with $ 318 million Goldman Sachs paid in dividends , the government made an annualized profit of 23 % on the TARP money it injected into the company last fall .
“ That sounds pretty good .
But is it enough ? ” said Rep. Dennis Moore ( D - Kan. ) , chairman of the House Financial Services oversight and investigations subcommittee .
Herbert M. Allison Jr. , the assistant Treasury secretary who heads the TARP program , said the Obama administration was “ very pleased ” with the Goldman Sachs deal and was working to maximize the return in negotiations with other large banks .
“ Treasury is committed to getting fair value for the taxpayers for these warrants , ” he said .
“ We know they ’re the ones who put their money at risk , and we feel a great obligation . ”
Advertisement
The Congressional Oversight Panel reported this month that the Treasury Department had sold the warrants back to some banks below market value .
Eleven smaller banks had repurchased their warrants by July 2 for a total of $ 18.7 million , but the oversight panel estimated that the warrants were worth about $ 28.2 million .
That return of 66 cents on the dollar would translate to a loss of $ 2.7 billion for the entire program , the panel said , though it noted that those sales amounted to less than 1 % of the warrants held by the government .
Goldman
Sachs bought back its warrants for about what the panel estimated they were worth , said Elizabeth Warren , chairwoman of the Congressional Oversight Panel .
But she said the panel preferred a more open process , including sales through public auctions in most cases .
Allison said that auctions are an option and that the Treasury Department eventually would provide more information about how it values the warrants .
Advertisement
Warrants are contracts that allow the holder to buy a set number of common shares at a specific price on or before a certain date .
When a bank repays its TARP money , it has the right to buy back its warrants at a fair market price .
Figuring out that price is difficult because the warrants do n’t trade on any market , Allison said .
The administration can hold the warrants for 10 years , but it does not want to be a long - term investor in the banks , he said .
A bank has 15 days after repaying its TARP money to make an offer for buying back its warrants from the Treasury , which uses models and independent experts to determine whether the offer is fair .
If the sides ca n’t agree on a price , the warrants would be auctioned in the open market .
Last month , 10 major banks were allowed to repay their bailout money , which totaled about $ 68 billion .
Now the Treasury is working to sell warrants .
Advertisement
“ In most cases , we have not accepted the bank ’s bid , ” Allison said .
JPMorgan Chase & Co. said this month that it wanted the warrants it issued to be auctioned to the public because the Treasury was seeking too high a price .
Asked about the oversight panel ’s report , Allison said some small banks received a discount on their warrants because there would n’t be much demand for them on the open market .
Goldman did not receive such a discount and neither would other large banks because there is a market for their warrants , he said .
Such small - bank discounts might be appropriate , Warren said , and there could be other factors in the government ’s negotiations to buy back the warrants .
Advertisement
“ There may be considerations other than maximizing return to the taxpayer -- for example , trying to get out of this business of holding warrants , ” Warren said .
But she stressed it was important for the government to get a good deal .
“ This is the American taxpayers ’ one opportunity to participate in the upside ” of the bailouts , she said .
Several lawmakers praised the deal on the Goldman Sachs warrants , which reportedly came after the Treasury refused a lower offer .
“ I appreciate that Goldman Sachs did the right thing today , and we urge all the others to follow this example , ” said Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee
Advertisement
Goldman Sachs had long wanted to get out of TARP .
It said it did not need the money , which former Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson wanted all large banks to take last fall to avoid identifying which were weak .
The company also balked at executive compensation restrictions attached to the money and pressed for months to be allowed to repay it .
Last week it reported a record quarterly profit of $ 3.4 billion .
Chief Executive Lloyd C. Blankfein said the 23 % return on the government ’s investment reflected the company ’s thanks .
“ We are grateful for the government efforts and are pleased that this additional money can be used by the government to revitalize the economy , a priority in which we all have a common stake , ” he said .
--
Advertisement
jim.puzzanghera@ latimes.com
Late Blight : Devastating Tomato And Potato Plants In The Eastern United States
Does n’t it seem as though there are more crop diseases than ever popping up in 2009 ?
The latest crisis is a disease known as “ late blight ” , and it is absolutely devastating tomato and potato plants in the eastern half of the United States .
As if tomatoes were not expensive enough already .
Most Americans have never even heard of “ late blight ” , but it actually has a long history .
Late blight is the disease that is blamed for the Irish potato famine of the 1840s , and now it is seemingly back with a vengeance .
A stunning press release from Cornell University is warning gardeners and commercial farmers that late blight is hitting the eastern United States with a ferocity that has never been seen before .
Meg McGrath , an associate professor of plant pathology and plant - microbe biology at Cornell says that “ late blight has never occurred this early and this widespread in the U.S. ”
So how do you know if your plants have late blight ?
Well , one symptom that you want to look for is ugly brown spots on the stems of your plants .
As those spots get larger , white fungal growth starts to develop until a soft rot totally collapses the stem .
If you think that you have late blight , authorities are encouraging you to destroy all of those plants .
With the Ug99 wheat rust already out of control , and with this “ late blight ” hitting the tomato and potato crops really hard , it looks like food prices are going to rise and there may even be shortages .
Now is the time to ensure that you and your family have built an adequate emergency food supply .
Formula 2 Driver Henry Surtees Killed In Freak Crash At Brands Hatch : Video
Formula 2 driver Henry Surtees was killed on Sunday in a crash at Brands Hatch in England .
While there have been many incidents where drivers have been killed during a race , this one is particularly shocking .
The car driven by Jack Clarke lost control in a turn and hit a wall .
A tire came loose from his car and bounced across the track .
In a freak bit of horrific timing , the tire hit Henry Surtees in the head .
He was immediately knocked unconscious and drove straight through the next turn with his foot still on the accelerator .
He was taken to a local hospital where he was later pronounced dead .
Henry Surtees was the son of 1964 Formula One World Champion John Surtees .
Just 18 years old , he was just beginning his move up through the racing ranks , reaching the podium for the first time in Formula 2 on Saturday .
Perhaps F1 could have been in his future .
Sadly , we will never know .
The video below shows the broadcast footage of the crash .
Obviously , since we are dealing with a deadly accident , viewer discretion is advised .
Although some might argue that the wheel tethers were insufficient in this crash ( the video shows tires coming off of each car when they hit the fence – so either the tethers on both cars failed or they were not being used on these cars , this is still being debated ) , the reality is that no car will ever be perfectly safe , no matter what safety measures are implemented .
This was just a freak accident that is part of the danger of open - wheel , open - cockpit racing .
A split - second difference either way and that tire misses Surtees completely .
It is a sobering to all of us that a life can be taken so quickly with no warning .
RIP , Henry Surtees .
Tragedy for ex-Formula
One champion Surtees as son , 18 , killed at Brands Hatch [ Daily Mail ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Please suspend any chemo - phobia you may have while reading this .
Do n't let the technical words for chemicals put you off , and do n't play into the hands of the irresponsible scare tactics of unscrupulous advertisers of Swiss Water - process decaffeination .
There are four main methods of decaffeination in wide use today , each named for the solvent used : di-hydro- oxide ( aka water ) , ethyl acetate , supercritical CO2 , and methylene chloride ( dichloromethane in Europe ) .
Even if you remember your high school chemistry , the words may be unfamiliar , but keep that chemo - phobia in check .
( A new method using ultraviolet light is coming to the market .
Do n't get your hopes up -- poor flavor , so far . )
All methods produce a range of quality primarily due to bean selection ( garbage in = garbage out ) and process temperature , which affects the speed and thus the cost of processing .
The American standard for decaffeinated coffee is to remove 97 percent of the original caffeine .
Since caffeine content of individual coffees varies widely ( see my earlier post on the topic ) , the amount of residual caffeine will also vary .
Unfortunately , all decaffeination methods adversely affect flavor , but careful selection of green beans along with competent roasting and brewing can produce a cup that may fool the experts .
For decades , we have preferred coffees decaffeinated with methylene chloride ( MC ) because time after time , year after year , they have produced the most flavorful cup .
The method is simple enough .
First , steam swells the beans to make it easier for the caffeine to be removed .
The solvent is then circulated through the beans and then into distillation to remove the caffeine and wax that have been removed from the beans .
The cleansed solvent is recirculated and re-distilled until the caffeine has been removed .
The beans are then rinsed with water and vacuum - dried .
The most sensitive test for detecting residual MC detects as little as one part per million .
I have never seen a test result that detects any amount in specialty decaf .
Furthermore , the boiling point of the solvent is 104 degrees F and coffee is roasted at 375 to 425 degrees F .
Any remaining solvent , if there were any , would be vaporized during roasting .
MC has been eliminated from cosmetics and has stringent worker safety regulations in Europe , but the procedures used in coffee processing and roasting leave nothing to cause any concern .
Most important , after safety , is taste .
MC is the most selective solvent , leaving the greatest coffee flavor in the beans .
NEXT :
PAGES :
ethyl acetate or carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
Neither method has consistently produced satisfying flavor in the cup .
Ethyl acetate , a synthetic fruit ester , leaves a fruity aftertaste in the coffee -- unfortunately nothing like the berry and citrus flavors we find in East African coffees .
And we had high hopes for the CO2 process in the early '90s .
Carbon dioxide is the carbonation in sparkling water , but it is forced into the coffee at pressures well in excess of 1000 pounds per square inch to extract the caffeine .
Perhaps it 's the pressure that also forces out the coffee flavor .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , facing his toughest grilling yet by U.S. lawmakers , said on Thursday he had never threatened to fire Bank of America ’s management if they pulled the plug on a planned merger with Merrill Lynch .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke testifies about his role in Bank of America 's acquisition of Merrill Lynch , at a hearing of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington , June 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
During a tense three - hour hearing , lawmakers repeatedly pressed Bernanke on whether he had coerced Bank of America chief Kenneth Lewis in December to go forward with the deal despite Merrill ’s quickly deteriorating finances .
Bernanke , holding his ground , told the members of the House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee the Fed never did anything “ beyond the law or unethical . ”
“ I did not tell Bank of America ’s management that the Federal Reserve would take action against the board or management , ” he said .
Bernanke also said neither he nor other Fed officials had “ ever directed , instructed , or advised ” the bank to withhold information about Merrill ’s mounting losses from the public , another charge lawmakers have leveled at the central bank .
The Fed has faced intense scrutiny from both Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill for many of the extraordinary actions it has taken since the financial crisis erupted in the summer of 2007 .
After Bank of America ’s eventual decision to go through with its purchase of Merrill , the bank received a fresh injection of $ 20 billion in public funds and a government backstop on potential losses on a $ 118 billion pool of shaky assets .
“ It is still unclear whether Bank of America was forced by the federal government to go through with the Merrill deal or whether Ken Lewis pulled off what may have been the greatest financial shakedown in a long , long time , ” the committee ’s chairman , Representative Edolphus Towns , said .
Representative Darrell Issa , the panel ’s top Republican , charged on Wednesday that the Fed had covered up its involvement in the merger and “ deliberately hid ” important details from other federal regulators .
During the hearing , lawmakers cited an e-mail written by Richmond Federal Reserve Bank President Jeffrey Lacker as possible evidence of undue Fed pressure on Lewis .
In the e-mail , Lacker said Bernanke had told him he planned to make it clear that pulling back from the merger could result in managers losing their jobs if Bank of America ended up needing aid .
SYSTEMIC RISK ROLE QUESTIONED
The probe into the merger comes as lawmakers debate an Obama administration plan for a regulatory overhaul that would expand the Fed ’s powers over the financial system .
Some lawmakers said lingering questions over the Fed ’s role raised doubts about whether it should be given more power .
Financial market participants watched the hearing with some anxiety that it signals a search for a scapegoat for the financial crisis and a possible erosion of political support for a Fed chairman who has earned high marks on Wall Street .
“ It does have a kind of a Watergate feel to it , ” said Chris Rupkey of Bank of Tokyo / Mitsubishi UFJ in New York , referring to dramatic congressional hearings in the early 1970s that were precursors to the resignation of President Richard Nixon .
The controversy over the Fed ’s role in the Bank of America - Merrill deal could also color President Barack Obama ’s looming decision on whether to reappoint Bernanke when his four - year term as chairman expires January 31 .
So far , Obama has only said Bernanke has done a good job .
Asked about the criticisms of Bernanke on Capitol Hill , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs reiterated on Thursday that the president has confidence in the Fed chief .
Under questioning , Bernanke said several times that he could not remember the details of the conversation Lacker had referred to in his e-mail , but said , whatever the substance , he never threatened Lewis .
“ I never did make a threat , ” the Fed chairman said .
Bernanke also said he had not directed then - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to threaten to fire management .
However , the Fed chairman said that if Bank of America had invoked a merger - halting “ material adverse change ” clause and subsequently needed a government bailout , the company ’s leadership would likely have experienced a repercussion .
“ If somebody makes a decision that results in their company failing and being rescued by the government , there should be consequences , ” he said .
Towns , a Democrat from New York , said the panel was “ not even close ” to wrapping up its investigation of the deal .
“ There are significant inconsistencies between what we have been told today , what we were told two weeks ago by Ken Lewis , and what the Fed ’s internal e-mails seem to say , ” he said .
Paulson has been called to testify next month .
Towns said he also wants to hear from the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
All purchased images are printed without the watermark .
We have one of the largest archives of vintage Brooklyn & New York City photos availabl ...
The epic battle over universal health care is still to be fought , but Barack Obama moved to capitalise on a defining moment of his presidency yesterday - a vote in Congress to act on global warming - saying the time had arrived for America to show international leadership on climate change .
The White House shifted the topic of Obama 's address from healthcare to energy after the vote , seeking to build momentum for the ambitious climate change bill ahead of its next hurdle in the Senate .
The first round , in the house of representatives on Friday night , barely went to Obama .
The Democratic leadership , despite making concessions to dissidents from oil and coal states , eked out only a 219 - 212 victory .
A total of 44 Democrats opposed the bill .
But environmentalists claimed the vote as a milestone : the first time either house of Congress had acted to reduce the carbon emissions that cause climate change .
It was also a validation of Obama 's powers of persuasion .
The president put energy reform at the heart of his White House agenda and jumped into a furious lobbying effort for its passage .
In his video address , Obama sought to bring home Friday night 's victory , calling on the Senate to approve the bill so that America could catch up to the rest of the world in moving to a cleaner energy economy .
" We have seen other countries realise a critical truth : the nation that leads in the creation of a clean energy economy will be the nation that leads the 21st - century global economy , " he said .
" Now is the time for us to lead . "
The international community had been waiting for America to take action on climate change and the vote gave a boost to efforts to reach a deal to avoid the most catastrophic effects of climate change .
India , a key player in the negotiations to reach a deal at Copenhagen , gave a cautious welcome .
" Obviously having the US take the lead on climate change would have a significant impact on the current multilateral negotiations , " India 's climate change envoy said .
" We would hope that the US will lead with ambitious actions . "
Environmentalists , who had despaired during eight years of George Bush of ever seeing action on climate change , said the bill , though weaker than they might have liked , was still a signature achievement .
" The fact is , just weeks ago , few in Washington believed that this day would come to pass .
The best bet - the safe bet - was that after three decades of failure , we could n't muster the political will to tackle the energy challenge despite the necessity and urgency of action , " Obama said on Friday night .
The bill would gradually impose a ceiling on the carbon emissions that cause global warming , ultimately cutting them by 83 % from 2005 levels by 2050 by forcing industries to obtain permits for the emissions they release in the atmosphere , or to buy offsets by investing in cleansing projects like planting trees .
The bill would also compel utility companies to obtain a share of their electricity from renewable sources such as wind and solar .
The biggest weakness in the bill is its target of cutting carbon emissions by 17 % from 2005 levels by 2020 , which represents only a marginal reduction compared with Europe .
However , Greenpeace opposed the package , saying it had been badly weakened by the concessions made to win over conservative Democrats from oil and coal states .
Fascism :
What is it ?
And are we in any danger ?
Let 's start with Things You Might Not Have Known About Fascism :
Liberalism , conservativism , and socialism all matured in the 19th century ; at its end fascism was still undreamed of .
It seemed to come out of the blue .
One reason for its appearance was that traditional liberal and conservative politicians had no idea how to appeal to the masses -- especially in countries where full suffrage came late .
( Italy had full manhood suffrage only in 1912 ; Germany retained a 3 - class voting system till the end of WW1 . )
Traditional politicians knew only how to appeal to the educated elite .
Definitions of fascism are problematic , because fascism was prone to reinvent itself as it went along .
Mussolini 's first supporters were disgruntled veterans , pro-WW1unionists , and Futurist intellectuals .
He and Hitler jettisoned ideas that did n't work , built coalitions , and explicitly aimed at power , not coherent ideology .
Nonetheless , do n't be fooled by perennial rightist attempts to depict fascism as left - wing .
Fascists played with some socialist ideas early on , but these were some of the baggage tossed out as the parties took power .
In both countries the fascists ' allies were conservatives , who hoped to use their energy , ballot appeal , and violence for their own ends .
Neither Mussolini nor Hitler seized power ; both were handed it , quite legally , by conservatives terrified of leftist alternatives .
The conventional wisdom is that Franco was fascist ; Paxton disputes this .
During the civil war it was hard to tell ; but afterward , Franco disdained the mass emotionalism of fascism ( and , ironically , its drive toward war ) , and though he made the Falange the only legal party , he gave it no power .
Paxton pooh - poohs the notion that fascist states were particularly efficient .
Hitler maintained parallel traditional and Party hierarchies , for instance ; and was himself a notoriously lax ruler , with little interest in day - to - day government .
The occupied territories were generally run by Party caudillos ; decisionmaking was erratic .
The democracies , according to Paxton , succeeded better in mobilizing their societies for total war .
There were a large number of local fascisms in pre-WW2 Europe ... none of which really went anywhere .
There 's no single reason ; contributing factors include more effective government ( Germany and Italy were singularly ill - equipped here ) , the strength of alternatives to communism , revulsion for fascist violence , and the degree of suffering due to the depression .
In a few cases ( e.g. Romania ) conservatives created their own dictatorships -- and suppressed the fascists .
The short answer : No , not quite .
To see why , let 's go over Paxton 's handy definition ( p. 218 ) .
Fascism may be defined as a form of political behavior marked by obsessive preoccupation with community decline , humiliation , or victimhood Check .
For the Bushies , it 's the supposed decline in morality , fundamentalists ' persecution complex , and that amazing right - wing conviction that America is being brutalized by overbearing UN diplomats and Frenchmen .
and by compensatory cults of unity , energy , and purity , Half - check .
Krugman points out that Bushism acts as a revolutionary power : one which grants no legitimacy to the existing system -- which recognizes no Loyal Opposition .
All enemies , from terrorists to liberals to officials fleeing the administration itself must be attacked with equal zeal .
But it falls far short of totalitarianism .
in which a mass - based party of committed nationalist militants , working in uneasy but effective collaboration with traditional elites , Half - check or less .
This could apply loosely to the alliance of fundamentalists and big business ; on the other hand the people who actually hold power are n't populist allies of the traditional elites ; they are the traditional elites .
And the militancy falls short : Bush does n't want his supporters to march on Washington ; he wants their checks and votes .
abandons democratic liberties and pursues with redemptive violence and without ethical or legal restraints goals of internal cleansing and external expansion .
Half - check or more .
There are troubling signs : Republican operatives disrupting a Florida vote recount by force ; trashing the Constitution ( as well as traditional safeguards of military law of the Geneva Convention ) to go after an open - ended category of " terrorists " ; the adoption of a frank imperial mindset and pre-emptive war ; sympathy in some conservative quarters for violence against abortion clinics and ATF agents ; a switch to recount - less , receipt - less , Republican - provided electronic voting systems .
But most of this -- as well as the quest to give big business everything it wants -- is pursued quietly , without fascist trumpeting .
( Fascism , though conservative , is obviously not libertarian ... but this story blurs the boundary .
Private armed vigilantes acting against the state in favor of property owners -- it seems a little too close to some libertarian fantasies for comfort . )
Hitler had a similar trick , played when he was already Chancellor : the Night of the Long Knives ( June 30 , 1934 ) .
He not only murdered his own most uncontrollable followers , but key conservatives .
The top two conservative leaders , both former Chancellors and both instrumental in bringing Hitler to power , were both targeted : one was killed , as were several top aides of the other .
Paxton points to the Ku Klux Klan as an American precursor to fascism , and this as well as the above stories shows how Bush falls well short of fascism .
It is n't that he 's a committed democrat ; but he does n't rule by thuggery .
If the Republicans had co-opted and expanded the militia movement of the early ' 90s -- and unleashed it on liberals and Muslims and gays -- that would be fascism .
Well , that 's reassuring !
Or is it ?
Fascism generally inspires horror , but also a certain comic - opera derision : it seems so crude .
Out - and - out totalitarianism requires enormous energy -- squashing dissent , drumming up feigned enthusiasm , building a personality cult , fighting wars with people who can fight back ... it 's a huge waste of energy .
In a sense the communists learned this : the attempt to control hearts and minds , in Soviet Russia , generated too much opposition , and collapsed .
The Chinese are smarter : let a hundred flowers bloom .... just do n't let any of them actually take power .
So long as living standards keep rising , the CCP is probably safe .
A lesson from Paxton 's book is that if conservatives can keep control without fascism , they 'll do so .
Bush is n't a fascist ... but he may well be a Franquista .
And then there 's radical Islam , the folks who are trying to remake society for God by blowing up anyone who stands in their way .
Arguably these people are today 's fascists .
Their theological preoccupations are no barrier to this ; as Paul Berman points out , fascism is always national , and takes on local characteristics : a fascism in Muslim countries will trumpet its adherance to Islam .
( Romanian fascism -- Codreanu 's Legion of the Archangel Michael -- was explicitly Orthodox ; American fascist movements like the KKK or the Patriot movement are explicitly Christian . )
This is alarming enough ; but we also have to worry about the effect on our already unbalanced society .
European fascism , after all , was an explicit reaction to another form of totalitarianism -- Soviet communism .
Already Bush uses 9/11 as the justification for the erosion of civil liberties , smearing all opposition as unpatriotic , and an unlimited program of war - on - demand .
It 's always tempting to adopt the tactics of the enemy , whose strength is supposedly derived from ruthlessness .
But it was wrong in 1922 and it 's wrong today .
Former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Paul Volcker listens to an introduction before he addresses an audience regarding multilateralism and global issues at New York University March 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
( Reuters ) - Money - market mutual funds undermine the strength of the U.S. financial system and should be regulated more like banks , Bloomberg reported former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker as saying in an interview .
“ Banks remain the functioning heart of the financial system , and they are protected and regulated , ” Volcker , an economic adviser to the Obama administration , told the news agency .
“ To the extent they have competitors that have different ground rules , kind of free - riders in my view , weakens the financial system , ” the news agency quoted Volcker as saying .
The money market universe came to a stop after the Reserve Primary Fund fell below the $ 1 - per - share mark on mammoth losses from Lehman Brothers debt , shocking the many investors who considered money market funds to be super safe .
Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group , BlackRock Inc , Legg Mason Inc and Federated Investors are among the biggest firms in the money - market funds business in the United States .
“ In my vision of the new financial system , you obviously want to protect banks and have strong banks , and I do n’t think they should be put at a competitive disadvantage vis-a - vis money - market funds , ” Volcker told the news agency .
Considered a legend in financial markets , Volcker was head of the U.S. central bank during the Carter and Reagan administrations , when he pursued an aggressive monetary policy that purged inflation from the U.S. economy .
Volcker is one of few policy - makers in Washington today who has lived through the Great Depression .
This article is the second part of the previous article titled “ Pro Camera Gear on a Student Budget “ , and contains some advice for what you should do once you find a good deal and have arranged a meeting with the seller .
I personally consider purchasing used gear on craigslist to be a much better route than other services ( i.e. eBay ) , since you can check out the gear personally and walk away from the deal if anything does n’t seem right .
Here are the tips :
Know What to Look Out For
Just as you need to know a good price on a piece of gear from a bad one , you need to be able to distinguish something that looks and works like it should from something that does n’t .
I ’ll be covering some specific things on what you should look for , but bring along a photographer friend if you have n’t used the kind of gear you ’re buying before .
Check the Camera ’s Sensor
The sensor on a DSLR is what captures the image you photograph .
You do n’t want to buy a camera and then later find out that the sensor is scratched or damaged in some way , since this might affect the quality of all of your photographs .
Different cameras let you examine the sensor in different ways , so be sure to know how to check the sensor on the camera you ’re looking at before going to the meeting .
Just taking off the lens wo n’t expose the camera ’s sensor , since it ’s naturally hidden behind both the mirror and the shutter curtain .
You ’ll have to use the feature of the camera that locks up the mirror and opens the shutter curtain in order to see the sensor .
Ask How Many Actuations the Camera Has
Cameras are like cars , and mileage matters .
Each camera has a “ life expectancy ” for how many actuations , or shots , the shutter system is expected to be able to handle before it fails and needs to be replaced ( which is expensive ) .
A camera is generally in pretty new condition if it has less than 10,000 actuations , and very used if it has more than 50,000 or 100,000 actuations ( since many cameras are only rated for this many ) .
Research your specific model to see how many actuations the manufacturer rated the camera for .
Since for most cameras there is n’t an easy way to verify the actuation count with certainty , the figure is meant to give you an idea of how used the camera is , and how much life you might still get out of it .
How to Tell if A Camera is More Used than the Owner Claims
From personal experience , the best indicator for how much use a camera has seen is the strap attached to the camera .
If the owner claims that the camera has barely been used , but the strap is worn and faded , then a warning bell in your head should go off .
Gentle and minimal use wo n’t wear down a strap much .
Other areas you can check for wear are the external flash hot shoe and the LCD screen .
On certain camera models , the hot shoe has a black paint coating that slowly rubs off every time an external flash is attached or removed .
If the hot shoe is used and worn , then the camera probably is too .
Newer LCD screens also will appear smooth , and lack the hairline scratches that appear over time .
A flawless LCD screen does not prove the camera is in new condition , but one with many small scratches indicates the opposite .
Check the Front and Back Elements of the Lens
If you ’re buying a lens , take off both lens caps and hold the camera up to the light .
Make sure theres no scratches or other imperfections in the glass on either side of the lens .
Ask the Seller to Pose for Portraits
The benefits of this are two - fold .
First , this allows you to test the sharpness of the lens .
Focus on the seller ’s eyes with the lens wide open , and check whether the eyes are sharp .
This also gives you an opportunity to have a photograph of what the seller looks like , as an extra precaution .
Honest sellers might even be more than willing to let you copy down their contact information from their drivers license , as I ’ve experienced a few times .
Test for Front and Back Focusing
Make sure the seller is n’t selling the lens because it focuses incorrectly .
You can do this by focus testing the lens at the meeting .
If you do n’t want to bring something specifically to use for testing the focus , learn to do focus testing quickly on any sheet of paper with text on it .
Tips for Meeting the Seller
Try to meet during the day , since it ’s both safer , and easier to examine and test camera equipment .
Sufficient light will help you to more easily test the quality and sharpness of photographs .
Of course , there ’s always the general craigslist tips for being a “ safe buyer ” .
Meet sellers in person at a public location , and with another person if possible .
I ’ve found that meeting in a coffee shop at noon generally works very well .
I ’ve even managed to make the process very quick and painless , since many times sellers will agree to meet me at the coffee shop just down the block from where I live .
In Conclusion
The things I shared in this article were certain things I picked up through the past few years of doing gear transactions through craigslist .
It ’s definitely not a comprehensive list of what to be wary of , and you should examine all the normal functions of the equipment to ensure that they ’re working flawlessly .
If there are other important things that I failed to include , please leave a comment and share !
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Also this does n't deserve it's own thread
archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:41 ,
Hahahahahahah !
Brillant , yet a sad commentary on british politics in itself ...
I blame South Oxhey .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:42 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:42 ,
haha !!
today is officially nazi day ... ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:53 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:53 ,
Everyday is nazi day .
* goose - steps to the kitchen *
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:59 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:59 ,
Do n't mention the war
I did it once but I think I got away with it .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 10:34 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 10:34 ,
I am actually
quite ashamed as I live in S Oxhey .
At least we did n't elect either of the BNP MEPs .
> pedant mode off< ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 17:42 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 17:42 ,
and yet it 'll be in all the papers !
I was waiting for this when I saw your lightbulb come on earlier !
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:42 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:42 ,
: D
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:47 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:47 ,
I am kinda hoping the BNP Meps will simply self combust 30 minutes after arriving in Brussels
at the sheer " Johnny - Foreign - ness " of it all ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:43 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:43 ,
yes this
I bet they wo n't see anyone wearing onions , clogs or lederhosen etiher ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:45 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:45 ,
* closes photoshop *
/ and it does deserve its own thread ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:43 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:43 ,
Haha
Sorry matey :( ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:44 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:44 ,
actually , yours works better for being simpler and cleaner :)
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:45 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:45 ,
Hahahahahaha
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:48 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:48 ,
" Who do you think you are kidding Mr Griffin "
" If you think all England 's brown " ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:48 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:48 ,
\o /
show the world through Nick Griffin 's eye
b3ta.com/questions/imagechallenge/post442391
Compo suggestionshow the world through Nick Griffin's eye archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:52 ,
Or from Mr Griffin 's point of view
" That blokes brown , will bunk to town on the 8:21
And He 'll come home with visas for his Cousins , Wife and Mum "
Etc.... ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 22:40 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 22:40 ,
It does
cos I was gonna do the same thing ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:52 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:52 ,
aha !
Now i getcha !
Good one fella ... ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:55 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:55 ,
* applauds *
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:58 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 9:58 ,
Perfectly summed up
* click * ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 10:24 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 10:24 ,
this is perfect
and sad ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:04 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:04 ,
Fantastically shockingly accurate
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:05 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:05 ,
Fat Hitler
archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:07 ,
nicely !
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:12 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:12 ,
Haha nicely done !
And thank you for your kind words everyone :D ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:31 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:31 ,
Ha ha ha
Hail Yemen !! ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:13 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:13 ,
History repeats
somehow we always forget the past .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:23 ,
Makes me ashamed to be English
The BNP that is , not the pic which is great , spot on :) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:30 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:30 ,
nice job ! :)
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:43 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 11:43 ,
Pfffft !
Depressing , but pfffft nonetheless .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 12:14 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 12:14 ,
lovely stuff
yes it did deserve its own thread and the FP .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 14:06 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 14:06 ,
Well , congrats .
I 've been reading b3ta for about 4 or 5 years now , and most of the jokes that I do n't get ( forgive me , but I'm ' Merkin / septic / from the USA ) I can easily Google , or there 's enough explanation in the ensuing thread that I can get it .
But this one leaves me absolutely clueless .
I have no idea what makes this so awesome .
So I will remember it as the Single Greatest Joke I Never Got .
EDIT : Many thanks for the explanations !
All 's I can say is : oh .
Oh dear .
I really hoped we were past all of that kind of nonsense .
I 'd like to say that we'd never do something like that here , but I 'd have thought the same of Our Friends Across the Pond . ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 14:18 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 14:18 ,
and i thought i was silly for initially thinking the blue bit was the land
news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8088381.stm archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 14:37 ,
Take one dose of the previous link
then watch more UKTV : www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKsMrKVxPiQ archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 14:53 ,
Comedy show
There used to be a sitcom about the Home Guard of the Second World War .
The opening sequence was basically the reverse of the image .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 21:19 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 21:19 ,
BNP ?
I thought it was just a comment on the current govt ...
Works both ways .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 15:19 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 15:19 ,
Yep
that 's about the size of it .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 16:21 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 16:21 ,
It appears that ..
In the land of the blind , the one - eyed racist is an MEP ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 16:32 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 16:32 ,
I like this lots
Very clever , but unfortunately not funny :( ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 19:42 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 19:42 ,
cor
seriously thou , 2 seats , in EU , oh welcome back Adolf , not .
( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 23:32 , archived ) ( , Mon 8 Jun 2009 , 23:32 ,
Sadly
the only funny thing to have come out of the last few hours ...* tips hat * ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 1:30 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 1:30 ,
Absolutely brilliant ,
if depressing .
( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 11:07 , archived ) ( , Tue 9 Jun 2009 , 11:07 ,
I make my living as a software developer , and this confuses people when they hear me bashing DRM .
They are perplexed by the fact that someone who writes software may be so vehemently opposed to copyright protection tools .
After all , most musicians , movie makers and book authors seem to support the idea .
These tools protect their work from evil pirates who would otherwise download it for free .
Whenever I say something critical of DRM schemes they dig out this old chestnut :
Luke , how would you feel if someone pirated your own software ?
I ’d feel peachy keen actually .
My software ca n’t be pirated because I give it away for free most of the time .
The commercial stuff I write , is done on salary or via contract .
In other words , I get paid for my software as a service to a given company .
Whether or not that software gets pirated or not , does not affect my pay .
You see , I removed myself from that equation by refusing to develop and sell commercial products directly to the customer .
This of course does n’t mean I do not understand their mindset .
If I chose too develop and sell a commercial application it would be tempting to try to build in some anti piracy measures .
In fact , if you are a small startup and you are selling directly to you users via digital download , this sort of thing may even work .
Some time ago I wrote about Amy Builder and how it ’s product remains uncrackable years after the release mostly due to the fact that it is a niche product .
Still , I must wonder whether or not this is working for them .
You see , their previous version was easily cracked widely available on file sharing websites .
Thanks to that fact they have quickly built a critical mass of users .
Now they have a yet to be cracked version , but also a very large user base .
A lot of former pirates who are returning to the tabletop gaming hobby may try to find a cracked version , fail and actually buy the product in the end remembering how much they liked it in the past .
This means that piracy may have actually helped them in the long run .
But of course the Army Builder is a small application that uses a fairly simple anti-piracy measures .
They are complex enough to deter inexperienced crackers , but the application is not notable enough to warrant attention of the big time scene folks who would rather spend their time on popular commercial games or applications .
This scheme works for Army Builder because it is a tool designed for a small group of customers : people who play tabletop battle games .
As soon as you gain mainstream popularity you automatically show up on the radar of the more competent crackers .
Sooner or later someone will break your copy protection scheme .
At that point you can do one of two things :
Re-write the copy protection code and re-release Ignore it
If you choose the former option , you are going to get yourself into a constant battle between you and the crackers .
Each time they crack it , you will analyze their crack , go back to the drawing board and try to outsmart them , fool them and get the upper hand .
And then they will crack it again .
Eventually you will realize that you are spending more time writing the copy protection code , obfuscating it and creating traps and red herrings for a potential cracker , than actually maintaining the application itself .
I ’ve seen this happening , and you really do n’t want to do this to yourself as a developer .
The only way to win this , is to make your application code so complex , and so tightly coupled with the copy protection code that it ceases to be cost effective to crack it .
It will never be cracker proof , but you can at some point get it to be such a headache that it ’s just not worth cracking .
If the difficulty of the crack far exceeds the glory that can be gained out of it , most people will just give up and leave it alone .
But if you get to that point you will realize that :
Your application is now a nightmare to maintain
If you count lines of code , those that deal with copy protection will outnumber everything else
You can no longer normally debug your app
Your sales numbers did n’t change at all Legit customers are angry because the copy protection code interferes with their normal operation Pirates are happily running the last cracked version and there are whole communities online devoted towards porting the new contend to that outdated release
Trying to fight with pirates is probably a really great way to develop an ulcer , and experience a genuine mental breakdown .
Of course most of the software these days is not written by lone developers .
It is created in teams which must work together and be able to read the code .
This means that obfuscation , memory traps and all kinds of clever things that could trip up a potential cracker as he steps through the code in a debugger ca n’t be used .
The code must be readable , maintainable and testable .
So we get to this weird situation where copy protection is now a feature that is created separately from the main product itself .
More often than not it is an off - the - shelf product of some sort – like the industry standard SecuROM .
And because it is a separate product it is loosely coupled with the application itself .
What does that mean ?
Firstly , it means that the two products must be integrated – which may take a lot of work , and introduce certain amount of friction in places where the two must interface with each other Secondly , loose coupling means that the cracker ’s job is easier .
With a completely custom solution you can litter main application code with your copy protection checks .
Anyone wishing to crack it , must then find every single one .
With a ready - made solution , a cracker simply must find the spot in the code where the DRM gives control back to the main app and then create some sort of a workaround .
Thirdly , it allows the crackers to specialize .
They can go out and study how SecuROM works and become really good at disarming it .
Then when you release your app , it they will know exactly what to do to strip it down of DRM .
So you see , being a developer only reinforces my feelings about DRM .
Yes , I can put myself in the shoes of a poor downtrodden programmer who is starving because evil pirates stole his code .
I can also put myself in the shoes of a cracker who ca n’t wait to start stripping DRM from a brand new video game .
I can see both sides of the coin , and I can tell that DRM is a dead end .
Everyone who paid attention in their computer security or a cryptography class back in college knows this .
A working , un-crackable DRM is impossible to create .
It is the computer science version of the perpetual motion machine .
In fact , you know that anyone trying to create a perpetum mobile is a crackpot who is simply ignoring the laws of physics .
Similarly , anyone working on DRM is a crackpot ignoring everything that was ever written about cryptography .
Yup , I said it .
No sane , self respecting computer scientist will ever want to work on a DRM related project .
Not unless he has to .
Who develops DRM then ?
Well , there is probably a handful of talented crazies who think that their idea can actually work and a lot of people who simply do n’t know it can ’t .
DRM is written by either insane , misguided programmers or talentless hacks .
Unsurprisingly , most of DRM products are not only ineffective but also badly written .
Adding DRM to your product , is really equivalent to smearing it with shit .
This is why most of modern DRM products has all these issues .
This is why I need to run Fallout 3 as administrator under Vista .
This is why I had to disable and remove all my emulation tools to even install it .
This is why I hate it .
There is nothing hypocritical about it .
As a programmer I would never actually want to get into the copy protection war and I would never want to expose my customers to the steaming pile of shit that is SecuROM .
Sure , I ’d probably not be happy to find out that people are using my software without paying for it .
But I ’ve been in this industry long enough to know there is nothing that I can do about it .
I ca n’t stop people from pirating my work – it ’s just impossible .
Trying to accomplish it will only make an ass out of me , alienate my customers and frustrate me even more .
The only way to win this battle is not to fight at all .
I said it before , and I ’ll say it again : a single CD - check is usually enough to deter casual piracy and sharing between friends and neighbors .
And sadly , you can never even hope to accomplish more than that .
Or rather , you can hope – but it wo n’t mean you will ever be successful at it .
Mr Karroubi wrote the letter to Mr Rafsanjani in his role as head of the Assembly of Experts , which is responsible for supervising the performance of the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
But Mr Rafsanjani has also emerged as a key figure in the split in the Iranian regime 's leadership , challenging the government 's handling of the election and the post-election protests .
Many users feel that DRM unfairly punishes legitimate customers Electronic Arts have confirmed that the next version of The Sims will be free of Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) .
The firm came in for considerable criticism last year , when the copy protection limited users to three installations of the game Spore .
The Sims division head , Rod Humble , said the game would use traditional serial code copy protection as " this is a good , time - proven solution " .
DRM was introduced to combat game piracy but proved unpopular with users .
" The game will have disc - based copy protection - there is a serial code , just like The Sims 2 , " said Mr Humble in a blog posting .
" To play the game there will not be any online authentication needed . "
" We feel like this is a good , time - proven solution , that makes it easy for you to play the game without DRM methods that feel overly invasive or leave you concerned about authorization server access in the distant future , " he added .
Fighting pirates
The issue of software piracy is one that has dogged the games industry since its inception .
One of the earliest attempts - and still the most popular with users - is a serial code check .
Users have to enter a code , made up of numbers and letters , printed on the back of the game manual before installation of the game can complete .
Other copy protection methods include CD check , dongles and DRM .
The problem for software developers is that hackers usually crack the copy protection system within a few days of release .
The issue came to a head in 2008 when EA release Will Wright 's Spore .
The SecuROM DRM restricted users to a maximum of three installs and required online verification before the game could be played .
Valve 's digital distribution system - Steam - launched in 2003
But despite the DRM , Spore was cracked within 24 hours of release and consumers felt they were being penalised for buying a legitimate copy of the game , rather than downloading a hacked version .
" It 's such a shame that the distributor of the game treats its own customers as criminals and attempts to do their best to prevent you from actually playing the game , " one user wrote on Amazon.com .
Speaking to the BBC , Tiffany Steckler , a spokesperson for EA , said a final decision on the future of DRM for the company has yet to be made .
" There is always going to be a level of protection for games and this solution [ DRM free ] is right for The Sims 3 .
" How these things roll out in the future will be down to the developers and we will make announcements in due course . "
Fighting back
But developers may be making progress on solutions that obviate the need for DRM .
At this years Game Developers Conference in San Francisco , Valve - the developers behind the Half Life series - unveiled a new set of features for its Steamworks platform - saying its distribution system had " made DRM obsolete " .
Steam 's new " custom executable generation " technology makes copies of the games for each user , meaning players can access their games on multiple machines without install limits .
The only restriction is that users need to log onto their account to actually play .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Our exploding population is the gravest threat Britain faces today
Overpopulation brings longer hospital waiting lists , crowded trains and unaffordable housing
For most of my professional life , I have derided the population alarmists .
Those who spent the past few decades warning that there were far too many people in Britain and the wider world had always struck me as shrill , their arguments flawed at best and downright racist at worst .
Back in the Seventies , it was received wisdom that , by the early 21st century , the West would be groaning under the weight of its billions , with famine stalking the land and supermarket shelves empty .
This did n't happen .
Instead we face an obesity epidemic , and , in the rich world , ageing populations which - we are told - have to be shored up by mass immigration .
So why have I changed my mind ?
Why do I now agree that excessive human population is not one of Britain 's biggest problems but , arguably , the greatest single threat to health , wealth and well - being we see in the world today ?
First , let me be clear : this is about cold , brute numbers and not at all about race , culture , ethnicity nor any of the other inflammatory issues which have clouded the great population debate .
The problems of overpopulation are caused by too many people - full stop .
Not by too many Ghanaians or Kenyans , not too many Poles or gypsies , not too many of any other particular kind of people - just too many people of all colours , creeds and cultures .
It is now hard to think of a single major problem we face , here in Britain or elsewhere , which would not be solved , or at least ameliorated , by having fewer people .
Yet Home Secretary Alan Johnson yesterday ruled out imposing a cap on immigrant numbers , saying he did n't ' lie awake at night worrying about a population of 70 million ' .
He told the Commons Home Affairs Committee we should ' welcome ' immigrants who came to live and work here , and that he was ' happy ' to live in a multicultural society .
Where on earth has Mr Johnson been these past few years ?
Everywhere you look , the problems of overpopulation are becoming ever more apparent .
Everything from hospital waiting lists , crowded trains , the looming energy crisis , water and sewer systems unable to cope , unaffordable housing and unavailable dentistry have , at their core , Britain 's burgeoning population .
Officially , the UK 's population stands at around 61 million , although the true figure is almost certainly a couple of million higher - a legacy of the poll tax days when many people did not want to be counted on official censuses , and also of the fact that hundreds of thousands of foreigners are living here illegally and also do not wish to be counted .
And Britain 's population is rising , with one of the fastest growth rates in the developed world .
A new study published this week points out that by 2029 there will probably be 70 million people in Britain , with nearly all the extra people living in England , which is already the most crowded part of Europe .
And most of this projected population increase will be driven by immigration .
On a purely economic basis , this can be a good thing .
Certain national fixed costs , such as defence , the BBC , major infrastructure projects such as new railway lines and so on , are shared among more people and hence become , per head , cheaper .
Moreover , immigrants are for the most part young , fit and driven .
They want to work , to get rich and to make a better life for themselves .
Provided they come here legally and integrate , they contribute to the economy through their taxes , as well as helping to make Britain a more vibrant place in which to live .
It is no surprise that in the UK , as in other countries , cities which have attracted the most immigrants in recent years tend to be more cosmopolitan , richer and more interesting for it .
Compare thriving , vibrant London and Los Angeles with stagnant Detroit and Sunderland , once - thriving cities which have static or falling populations .
But there is a price to pay .
Although fixed costs might drop , per person , there is no doubt that as the south of Britain in particular becomes more crowded , many things that come under the heading ' quality of life ' will become steadily worse .
Our roads will become even more congested , our trains more crowded and even slower , the waits for service longer and delays ever more a part of life .
Housing will become ever more unaffordable , we will have to spend billions on new schools and hospitals to cater for the equivalent of two new Londons - two vast metropolises somehow to be shoehorned into what is already a desperately crowded land .
We will , inevitably , lose great swathes of our countryside .
The green belts will have to disappear .
Ghastly and ill - conceived ' new towns ' will spring up all over the South East and Midlands , the areas where new people want to live .
London and its environs are already , effectively , full ; but that will not stop them getting fuller still .
One result of all this is that Britain will miss all our environmental targets by a long mile .
The Government is committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by 60 per cent of 1990 levels by 2050 .
This is going to be hard , if not impossible , with an extra ten to 15 million people - something hardly ever mentioned by the climate change brigade .
Supporters of mass immigration are fond of talking about the ' support ratio ' - basically the number of people of working age for each person aged 65 or older .
As more and more people live longer , and as the number of babies born continues to fall , we will need , we are told , mass immigration to keep the ratio at current levels - about 4:1
But this is a desperately flawed thesis .
For it ignores a rather obvious fact that today 's young eager working immigrants will , of course , become tomorrow 's elderly and dependent population .
As Oxford University demographer Professor David Coleman says : ' If you rely on mass immigration to maintain the support ratio , you end up with a huge acceleration in population growth . '
Indeed , according to one study , we would need to increase Britain 's population to 300 million by the end of the century to keep the numbers balanced .
Ridiculous .
So what is to be done ?
For a start , we will have to forget about maintaining the current support ratio - a legacy of the days when people died younger and had more children .
This means we will have to accept later retirement and a generally older population .
In Britain , we will also need a policy of controlled migration - ideally one which aims to balance emigration with immigration ( which happened , naturally , well into the Eighties ) .
That alone , coupled with our rather low birthrate , would see the UK 's population falling by several million by late - century , rather than increasing by a third .
As I said , this is not an argument about what kind of people we are , just raw , brute numbers .
And globally ?
Here the prognosis is rather gloomy .
Across a vast swathe of Africa and south - west Asia , population growth is now at historically unprecedented levels .
Countries such as Nigeria , Ethiopia , Somalia , Pakistan and Yemen are set to triple , quadruple and quintuple their populations in the coming century .
Nothing short of a global catastrophe will stop the world 's population peaking at about nine billion by 2050 or so .
That 's the equivalent of an extra two Indias .
And all of these new people will add hugely to pressures on housing , greenhouse emissions , food , water and transport .
Like it or not , the world of the near - tomorrow - despite Home Secretary Alan Johnson 's blithe rejection of the idea - is going to be an intolerably crowded version of the world of today .
The solution , in the third world , lies with educating women and girls , and giving them full economic and reproductive rights .
Where this has happened , as in south - east Asia , spiralling population growth rates were stopped in their tracks .
Most of all , we are going to have to start talking about all this before it 's too late .
In Britain , we might lose our green belts , but Africa may well lose all its wildlife and forests - and face mass famine - if we do not tackle this problem soon .
The 21st century is make - or - break for us and our planet .
It would be a tragedy if population growth became a catastrophe - a catastrophe we were too polite to even mention .
a critical look at
anarcho - punk
White Punks On Bordiga - essential reading .
Tries to map out the limits of the scene .
Punk and Autonomia - the 1977 lines between punk in the UK and Autonomia in Italy .
Veg Wedge - New Musical Express article by Steven Wells written in the wake of the Conflict Brixton Academy gig / riot .
The Gathering of the 5000 - Conflict statement on the Brixton Academy gig .
Apostles Interview - from Homocore magazine .
Autonomy Centres , Riots and the Big Rammy - by Andy Martin .
Nostalgia in the U.K. - by the Bash Street Kids .
Examines the effects of nostalgia for the 80s on the current anarchist scene .
A rather good Crass interview - from Mucilage zine .
Crass from a Trendy Christian Perspective ( no , really ) - by Tony Jasper .
Taking Revolution to the People - not exactly critical , more of an overview .
Oh well ! .
Country House Anarchy - The Crass house under threat .
From The Guardian 5th January 2001 .
Blaggers ITA interviews
Punk , anarchopunk and goth - More recent writing over at the uncarved blog
First of all I want to make clear that I always liked FTP .
And I still prefer it over uploading my files through a web - interface , but I now have found quite a big reason why FTP really really sucks .
And here it is : FTP has clearly not been designed to upload 7000 files .
Right now I am uploading a Joomla - website for a client .
This package consists of around 7000 small files .
It ’s been uploading for around 4 hours so far .
The problem is not really that FTP uses 2 separate connection , which in itself already causes some problems ( although these are quite manageable ) , but how the second connection , the data - connection , is used .
The way it is is that for every single file the data - connection will be opened , and once the file is done it ’ll be closed again .
Now that does n’t really matter if you transfer only a few files , or big files .
But it does matter when you transfer lots of tiny files , because then opening and closing the connection may take just as long as , or even longer than , the actual transfer .
Looking at my transfer I see a lot of this :
Quote : templates/beez/html/com_poll/index.html : 44.00 B 141.87 B/s
templates/beez/html/com_poll/poll/index.html : 44.00 B 149.99 B/s
templates/beez/html/mod_newsflash/index.html : 44.00 B 143.82 B/s
templates/beez/html/mod_search/index.html : 44.00 B 151.15 B/s
templates/beez/html/com_user/index.html : 44.00 B 143.46 B/s
templates/beez/html/com_user/remind/index.html : 44.00 B 156.59 B/s
templates/beez/html/com_user/login/index.html : 44.00 B 139.53 B/s
templates/beez/html/com_user/register/index.html : 44.00 B 155.67 B/s
templates/beez/html/com_user/user/index.html : 44.00 B 130.48 B/s
templates/beez/html/com_user/reset/index.html : 44.00 B 140.22 B/s
templates/beez/html/com_newsfeeds/index.html : 44.00 B 137.64 B/s
Lots of files that are 44 Byte small !
Considering that the MTU is a lot higher , this means that the whole file easily fits into one packet .
And that is quite an understatement , considering that PPPoE has a MTU of roughly 1500 ( I think it ’s actually 1492 or so ) .
Now think about it :
Connecting to the server : 3 packets ( 3 - way - handshake )
Transmission : 1 packet
Closing the connection : 2 packets
Instead of just 1 packet 6 need to be sent !
That ’s an overhead of 500 % !
Now how would it be possible to avoid this overhead ?
Well , easy , stream all the files in one go and let the server ( or client , when downloading ) handle the splitting .
This could be done in two steps , transfer file - info first ( like filenames , filesize and whatever other info you may want to send ) , and then send all the files .
That way the connection does n’t need to be opened and closed thousands of times and thus it will speed up the upload for transfers of many files a lot .
It wo n’t probably have much of an impact on the upload of big files , or just a few files , but seeing how opensource - packages like Joomla , Zen Cart , … are getting more and more popular and seeing how they consist of thousands of files , this may actually help people quite a bit .
FTP is old , and an adequate technology for the today ’s file - transfers needs to be found .
It may be SCP , I would need to check if SCP uses only one connection for all the files , but I would say it does .
Another obvious advantage of SCP would of course be encryption .
But maybe we just need something completely new .
Either way , the biggest problem would probably be having hosters offer it .
Seeing how old SSH , and thus SCP , is and seeing how few hosters offer it it ’s unlikely that any time soon we ’ll be able to get rid of FTP , no matter what ’s it being replaced with .
When it comes to form validation , it ’s hard to have a versatile solution that works with every form .
Figuring out how to display errors is not a simple task .
This is something I tried to remedy with this script .
When an error needs to be displayed , the script creates a div and positions it in the top right corner of the input .
This way you do n’t have to worry about your HTML form structure .
The rounded corner and shadow are done with CSS3 and degrade well in non compliant browsers .
There is no images needed .
Download the source code View demo
Validations range from email , phone , url to more complex calls such as ajax processing .
Bundled in several locales , the error prompts can be translated in the locale of your choice .
** Important ** : v2 is a significant rewrite of the original 1.7 branch .
Please read the documentation as the API has changed !
Also the documentation is always more up to date on the github README
Legacy 1.7 documentation and download can be found under package when you hit download on github
Installation
1. Unpack the archive
2. Include the script jquery.validationEngine.closure.js in your page
3 . Pick the locale of the choice , include it in your page : jquery.validationEngine-XX.js
4. ** Read this manual ** and understand the API
Running the Demos
Most demos are functional by opening their respective HTML file .
However , the Ajax demos require the use of Java6 to launch a lightweight http server .
1. Run the script `runDemo.bat` ( Windows ) or `runDemo.sh` ( Unix ) from the folder
2 . Open a browser pointing at [ http://localhost:9173 ]( http://localhost:9173 )
References
First link jQuery to the page
< script src= " https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.4/jquery.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script >
Attach * jquery.validationEngine * and its locale
< script src="js/jquery.validationEngine-en.js " type =" text / javascript " charset= " utf -8 " ></ script > < script src="js/jquery.validationEngine.js " type =" text / javascript " charset= " utf -8 " ></ script >
Finally link the desired theme
< link rel=" stylesheet " href="css/validationEngine.jquery.css " type =" text/css " / >
Field validations
Validations are defined using the field ’s ** class ** attribute .
Here are a few examples showing how it happens :
< input value= " someone@nowhere.com " class=" validate [ required , custom [ email ] ] " type =" text " name = " email " id =" email " /> < input value= " 2010 - 12-01 " class=" validate [ required , custom [ date ] ] " type =" text " name = " date " id =" date " />
< input value= " too many spaces obviously " class=" validate [ required , custom [ onlyLetterNumber ] ] " type =" text " name = " special " id =" special " />
For more details about validators , please refer to the section below .
Instantiation
The validator is typically instantiated by using a call of the following form :
$ ( " #form.id " ).validationEngine(action or options ) ;
The method takes one or several optional parameters , either an action ( and parameters ) or a list of options to customize the behavior of the engine .
Here comes a glimpse : say you have a form is this kind
< form id =" formID " method= " post " action=" submit.action " > < input value = " 2010 - 12-01 " class=" validate [ required , custom [ date ] ] " type =" text " name = " date " id =" date " /> </ form >
The following code would instance the validation engine :
< script > $ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( " #formID " ) .validationEngine ( ' attach ' ) ; } ) ; </script >
Actions
init
Initializes the engine with default settings
$ ( " #formID1 " ) .validationEngine({promptPosition : " centerRight " , scroll : false} ) ; $ ( " #formID1 " ) .validationEngine ( 'init ' , {promptPosition : " centerRight " , scroll : false} ) ; < pre > < h3 > attach </h3 >
Attaches jQuery.validationEngine to form.submit and field . blur events . < pre lang = " html " > $ ( " #formID1 " ) .validationEngine ( ' attach ' ) ; < pre /> < h3 > detach </h3 >
Unregisters any bindings that may point to jQuery.validaitonEngine . < pre lang = " html " > $ ( " #formID1 " ) .validationEngine ( ' detach ' ) ;
validate
Validates the form and displays prompts accordingly .
Returns * true * if the form validates , * false * if it contains errors .
Note that if you use an ajax form validator , the actual result will be delivered asynchronously to the function * options .
on AjaxFormComplete*.
alert ( $ ( " #formID1 " ) .validationEngine ( ' validate ' ) ) ;
showPrompt ( promptText , type , promptPosition , showArrow )
Displays a prompt on a given element .
Note that the prompt can be displayed on any element an id .
The method takes four parameters :
1. the text of the prompt itself
2. a type which defines the visual look of the prompt : ‘ pass ’ ( green ) , ‘ load ’ ( black ) anything else ( red )
3. an optional position : either “ topLeft ” , “ topRight ” , “ bottomLeft ” , “ centerRight ” , “ bottomRight ” .
Defaults to *” topRight ” *
4. an optional boolean which tells if the prompt should display a directional arrow
< fieldset > < legend id =" legendid " > Email </ legend > < a href= " # " onclick= " $ (' # legendid').validationEngine(' showPrompt ' , ' This a custom msg ' , ' load ' ) " >
Show prompt</a> </ fieldset >
hide
Closes error prompts in the current form ( in case you have more than one form on the page )
$ ( '# formID1').validationEngine ( ' hide ' ) " >
Hide prompts
hideAll
Closes ** all ** error prompts on the page .
$ ('# formID1').validationEngine('hideAll ' ) ;
Options
Options are typically passed to the init action as a parameter .
$ (“#formID1”).validationEngine({promptPosition : “ centerRight ” , scroll : false} ) ;
validationEventTrigger
Name of the event triggering field validation , defaults to * blur * .
scroll
Tells if we should scroll the page to the first error , defaults to * true * .
promptPosition
Where should the prompt show ?
Possible values are “ topLeft ” , “ topRight ” , “ bottomLeft ” , “ centerRight ” , “ bottomRight ” .
Defaults to * ” topRight ” *.
ajaxFormValidation
If set to true , turns Ajax form validation logic on .
defaults to * false * .
form validation takes place when the validate ( ) action is called or when the form is submitted .
on BeforeAjaxFormValidation ( form , options )
When ajaxFormValidation is turned on , function called before the asynchronous AJAX form validation call .
May return false to stop the Ajax form validation
onAjaxFormComplete : function ( form , status , errors , options )
When ajaxFormValidation is turned on , function is used to asynchronously process the result of the validation .
isOverflown
Set to true when the form shows in a scrolling div , defaults to * false * .
overflownDIV
Selector used to pick the overflown container , defaults to * ” ”*.
Validators
Validators are encoded in the field ’s class attribute , as such
required
Speaks by itself , fails if the element has no value .
this validator can apply to pretty much any kind of input field .
< input value= " " class=" validate [ required ] " type =" text " name = " email " id = " email " /> < input class=" validate [ required ] " type=" checkbox " id =" agree " name = " agree " / >
< select name = " sport " id =" sport " class=" validate [ required ] " id =" sport " > < option value= " " > Choose a sport </ option > < option value= " option1 " >
Tennis</ option > < option value= " option2 " > Football </ option > < option value= " option3 " > Golf </ option > </ select >
custom [ regex_name ]
Validates the element ’s value to a predefined list of regular expressions .
< input value= " someone@nowhere.com " class=" validate [ required , custom [ email ] ] " type =" text " name = " email " id =" email " />
Please refer to the section Custom Regex for a list of available regular expressions .
function[ methodName ]
Validates a field using a third party function call .
If a validation error occurs , the function must return an error message that will automatically show in the error prompt .
function checkHELLO ( field , rules , i , options ) { if ( field.val ( ) != " HELLO " ) { // this allows the use of i18 for the error msgs return options .
allrules.validate2fields.alertText ; } }
The following declaration will do
< input value= " " class=" validate [ required , funcCall[checkHELLO ] ] " type =" text " id =" lastname " name = " lastname " />
ajax [ selector ]
Delegates the validation to a server URL using an asynchronous Ajax request .
The selector is used to identify a block of properties in the translation file , take the following example .
< input value= " " class=" validate[ required , custom[onlyLetterNumber ] , maxSize [ 20 ] , ajax[ ajaxUserCall ] ] text - input " type =" text " name = " user " id =" user " />
" ajaxUserCall " : { " url " : " ajaxValidateFieldUser " , " extraData " : " name=eric " , " alertText " : "* This user is already taken " , " alertTextOk " : " All good ! " , " alertTextLoad " : "* Validating , please wait " } ,
* url – is the remote restful service to call
* extraData – optional parameters to sent
* alertText – error prompt message is validation fails
* alertTextOk – optional prompt is validation succeeds ( shows green )
* alertTextLoad – message displayed while the validation is being performed
This validator is explained in further details in the Ajax section .
equals [ field.id ]
Check if the current field ’s value equals the value of the specified field .
min[ float ]
Validates when the field ’s value if less or equal to the given parameter .
max [ float ]
Validates when the field ’s value if more or equal to the given parameter .
minSize [ integer ]
Validates if the element content size ( in characters ) is more or equal to the given * integer *. integer < = input.value.length maxSize[integer ]
Validates if the element content size ( in characters ) is less or equal to the given * integer *. input.value.length <= integer past [ NOW or a date ]
Checks if the element ’s value ( which is implicitly a date ) is earlier than the given * date * .
When “ NOW ” is used as a parameter , the date will be calculate in the browser .
Note that this may be different that the server date .
Dates use the ISO format YYYY -MM-DD
< input value= " " class=" validate [ required , custom [ date ] , past [ now ] ] " type =" text " id =" birthdate " name = " birthdate " /> < input value= " " class=" validate[ required , custom [ date ] , past [2010-01-01 ] ] " type =" text " id =" appointment " name = " appointment " />
future [ NOW or a date ]
Checks if the element ’s value ( which is implicitly a date ) is greater than the given * date * .
When “ NOW ” is used as a parameter , the date will be calculate in the browser .
Note that this may be different that the server date .
Dates use the ISO format YYYY -MM-DD
< input value= " " class=" validate [ required , custom [ date ] , future [ now ] ] " type =" text " id =" appointment " name = " appointment " /> // a date in 2009 < input value= " " class=" validate [ required , custom [ date ] , future [ 2009-01-01 ] , past [ 2009-12-31 ] ] " type =" text " id = " d1 " name = " d1 " />
minCheckbox [ integer ]
Validates when a minimum of * integer * checkboxes are selected .
The validator uses a special naming convention to identify the checkboxes part of the group .
The following example , enforces a minimum of two selected checkboxes
< input class=" validate[ minCheckbox [ 2 ] ] " type=" checkbox " name = " group1 " id =" maxcheck1 " value= " 5 " /> < input class=" validate[ minCheckbox [ 2 ] ] " type=" checkbox " name = " group1 " id =" maxcheck2 " value= " 3 " /> < input class=" validate[ minCheckbox [ 2 ] ] " type=" checkbox " name = " group1 " id =" maxcheck3 " value= " 9 " / >
Note how the input.name is identical across the fields .
maxCheckbox [ integer ]
Same as above but limits the maximum number of selected check boxes .
Selectors
We ’ve introduced the notion of selectors without giving much details about them :
A selector is a string which is used as a key to match properties in the translation files .
Take the following example :
" onlyNumber " : { " regex " : /^[ 0 - 9\ ]+$ / , " alertText " : "* Numbers only " } , " ajaxUserCall " : { " url " : " ajaxValidateFieldUser " , " extraData " : " name=eric " , " alertText " : "* This user is already taken " , " alertTextLoad " : "* Validating , please wait " } , " validate2 fields " : { " alertText " : "* Please input HELLO " }
onlyNumber , onlyLetter and validate2 fields are all selectors .
jQuery.validationEngine comes with a standard set but you are welcome to add you own to define AJAX backend services , error messages and / or new regular expressions .
Ajax
Ajax validation comes in two flavors :
1. Field Ajax validations , which takes place when the user inputs a value in a field and moves away .
2. Form Ajax validation , which takes place when the form is submitted or when the validate ( ) action is called .
Both options are optional .
Protocol
The client sends the form fields and values as a GET request to the form.action url .
Client calls url?fieldId=id1&fieldValue=value1&…etc == > Server ( form.action )
Server responds with a list of arrays : [ fieldid , status , errorMsg ] .
* fieldid is the name ( id ) of the field
* status is the result of the validation , true if it passes , false if it fails
* errorMsg is an error string ( or a selector ) to the prompt text
Client receives < == [ [ " id1 " , boolean , " errorMsg " ] , [ " id2 " , false , " there is an error " ] , [ " id3 " , true , " this field is good " ] ]
Server Note that only errors ( status=false ) shall be returned from the server .
However you may also decide to return an entry with a status=true in which case the errorMsg will show as a green prompt .
Callbacks
Since the form validation is asynchronously delegated to the form action , we provide two callback methods :
** onBeforeAjaxFormValidation ( form , options ) ** is called before the ajax form validation call , it may return false to stop the request
** onAjaxFormComplete : function ( form , status , json_response_from_server , options ) ** is called after the ajax form validation call
Custom Regex
jQuery.validationEngine comes with a lot of predefined expressions .
Regex are specified as such :
< input value= " " class= " validate[ custom [ email ] ] " type =" text " name = " email " id =" email " />
Note that the selector identifies a given regular expression in the translation file , but also its associated error prompt messages and optional green prompt message .
phone
a typical phone number with an optional country code and extension .
Note that the validation is ** relaxed ** , please add extra validations for your specific country .
49-4312 / 777 777
+1 ( 305 ) 613-0958 x101
( 305 ) 613 09 58 ext 101
3056130958
+33 1 47 37 62 24 extension 3
( 016977 ) 1234
04312 – 777 777
91-12345-12345
+58 295416 7216
url
matched a url such as http://myserver.com, https://www.crionics.com or ftp://myserver.ws
email
easy , an email : username@hostname.com
date
an ISO date , YYYY -MM-DD
number
floating points with an optional sign .
ie . - 143.22 or .77 but also +234,23
integer
integers with an optional sign .
ie .
-635 +2201 738
ipv4
an IP address ( v4 ) ie .
127.0.0.1
onlyNumberSp
Only numbers and spaces characters
onlyLetterSp
Only letters and space characters
onlyLetterNumber
Only letters and numbers , no space
Using the engine in a overflown div
The big change in this method is that normally the engine will append every error boxes to the body .
In this case it will append every error boxes before the input validated .
This add a bit of complexity , if you want the error box to behave correctly you need to wrap the input in a div being position relative , and exactly wrapping the input width and height .
The easiest way to do that is by adding float : left , like in the example provided .
Customizations
What would be a good library without customization ?
Adding regular expressions
Adding new regular expressions is easy : open your translation file and add a new entry to the list
" onlyLetter " : { " regex " : /^[ a - zA - Z\ \' ] +$ / , " alertText " : "* Letters only " } ,
* “ onlyLetter ” is a sample selector name
* “ regex ” is a javascript regular expression
* “ alertText ” is the message to display when the validation fails
You can now use the new regular expression as such
< input type =" text " id =" myid " name = " myid " class=" validation[ custom [ onlyLetter ] ] " / >
Do n’t forget to contribute !
Customizing the look and feel
Edit the file * validationEngine.jquery.css * and customize the stylesheet to your likings .
it ’s trivial if you know CSS .
Adding more locales
You can easy add a locale by taking * jquery.validationEngine-en.js * as an example .
Feel free to share the translation 😉
Rules of thumb
* field .id are ** unique ** across the page
* for simplicity and consistency field .id and field .
name should match ( except with minCheckbox and maxCheckbox validators )
* spaces or special chars should be avoided in field .id or field .
name
* use lower cases for input . type ie .
* text , password , textarea , checkbox , radio *
* use the Ajax validator last ie. validate[ custom [ only Letter ] , length [ 0,100 ] ,**ajax[ ajaxNameCall ] **]
* use only one Ajax validator per field !
* JSON services should live on the same server ( or you will get into browser security issues )
* in a perfect RESTful world , http ** GET ** is used to * READ * data , http ** POST ** is used to * WRITE * data : which translates into ->
Ajax validations should use GET , the actual form post should use a POST request .
Contribution
Contributions are always welcome , you may refer to the latest stable project at [ GitHub ] ( https://github.com/posabsolute/jQuery-Validation-Engine)
We use [ Aptana ] ( http://www.aptana.com/) as a Javascript editor and the Rockstart JSLint & Closure plugins http://update.rockstarapps.com/site.xml
License
Licensed under the MIT License
Authors
Copyright ( c ) 2010 Cedric Dugas
v2.0 Rewrite by Olivier Refalo
If you like and use this script , please consider buying me a beer , it ’s cheap and a simple way to give back !
Version 1.7.1 Online
October 20 2010 , release v1.7.1 : Compatibility release for jQUery 1.4.3
July 1 2010 , release v1.7 : div overflown support + small fix to inline ajax validation + small code overhaul
Feb 1 2010 , release v.1.6.3 : bugfixs from forum + exempString rule addition , update to jQuery 1.4
November 23 , release v.1.6.2 : bugfix script loaded via ajax ,
November 23 , release v.1.6.1 : Refactoring , external loadvalidation ( ) is back working , languages are now ALL loaded externally , added setting to not unbind form on success ,
October 29 , release v.1.6 : unbind validation when success function is called , option returnIsValid added
October 27 , release v.1.5 : Added debug mode , event triggerer can be specified in setting and checkbox bug with cakephp corrected
September 17 , release v.1.4 : More frameworks support , changes with the minCheckbox and maxCheckbox
August 25 , release v.1.3.9.6 : Ajax submit , prompt positioning , bug correction with multiple forms
August 13 , release v.1.3 : Ajax validation , prompts usable outside the plugin , minor CSS corrections
July 12 , release v.1.3 : Validation with ids instead of name , minor CSS corrections , optional inline validation .
June 5 , release v.1.2.1 : Added optional validation
June 5 , release v.1.2 : Less error prone reg
Ex , corrected an error with multiple form on the same page
June 4 , release v.1.1 : added date validation and select required validation , corrected errors with group radio input
June 1 , release v.1.0
Comments are closed due to the overwhelming number , please use the forums for support .
A threat to blow up another French factory has not been defused
A US construction equipment firm has agreed to pay extra compensation to French workers who had threatened to explode gas canisters at their plant .
Staff at JLG Industries in Tonneins , south - western France , made the threat in order to get better redundancy terms for 53 workers .
It is the third such incident in which workers have threatened violence against employers .
Elsewhere , French workers have taken managers hostage in " boss - nappings " .
The French Employment Minister , Laurent Wauquiez , described the tactics as " blackmail " .
In the JLG deal , the 53 affected workers were each guaranteed 30,000 euros ( £ 26,000 ; $ 42,000 ) in severance pay .
JLG Industries is a subsidiary of the US company Oshkosh , which makes cranes and work platforms .
Meanwhile , a tense stand - off continues at the bankrupt New Fabris car plant in Chatellerault , south - west of Paris , where workers have also made a threat to blow up the factory .
They have given a 31 July deadline for Renault and Peugeot , which provided 90 % of the plant 's work , to pay them 30,000 euros each .
Renault and PSA Peugeot said it was not their responsibility to pay workers .
The BBC's Emma Jane Kirby in Paris says there is an acute sense of injustice in France at the moment , with many workers complaining that while their bosses continue to reap company benefits and bonuses , they are paying for this economic crisis with their jobs .
Bethany Hamilton , the one - armed surfer , placed third in her latest heat at the US Open of Surfing in Huntington Beach , California .
The 19 - year - old came back to the sport with only one arm , after surviving a life - threatening shark attack in 2003
Credit : AP
" There 'd been a bit of animosity between us already and he was being really horrible to a kid I knew , so I pulled him off this other bloke and he threw me into the lockers .
Then I think I said something to him and he punched me in the face .
Then I punched him back .
In films it always looks really cool , but I was hair - pulling , biting - there was nothing elegant or macho about the whole affair .
I thought , ' You know what ?
If you 're quick enough to run away , then that 's what you should do ' . "
By Maggie Shiels
Technology Reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
So far , nine big game publishers have signed up to the service
The founder of a new service that plans to stream on - demand video games over the internet says he feels like he has a big target on his back .
No wonder , given that Stephen Perlman 's vision to revolutionise the way games are distributed and played has been talked up as threatening the future of the console and of retail stores .
OnLive , which was launched in the middle of the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco to much excitement , buzz - and scepticism - aims to provide high quality gaming on low - end machines .
OnLive says games will no longer need to be run from PCs or Macs , but can be accessed directly from its servers up to 1500 miles away .
Subscribers will get access to a catalogue of games and , rather than have to wait to download the game , can launch it instantaneously .
The quality of what appears on the TV screen or computer monitor will only be hampered by the user 's internet bandwidth .
' Last generation '
While many attending GDC were impressed by the possibilities of how OnLive will digitally distribute video games , just as many were sceptical .
Mr Perlman says he understands this : " I am an inventor , and people never believe what inventors say might be possible , so I am used to naysayers . "
Industry watchers question what OnLive means for console makers
One claim many have questioned is OnLive 's statement that its " micro- console " will also be " the last one you 'll buy " .
But Mr Perlman told the BBC : " The consequences for the user are going to be huge .
Consumers who are fed - up buying expensive hardware or the next console will truly benefit . "
Analyst Michael Pachter of Wedbush Morgan Securities agrees : " I think we 've seen the last generation of consoles .
" Third - party publishers are not going to support a PS4 or Xbox 720 .
The content is not going to change in any meaningful way because the publishers can't afford it . "
Other analysts are not so sure .
Colin Sebastian of Lazard Capital argued at another conference , GamesBeat , that there would be one more generation , hitting stores by 2012 .
Joseph Olin of the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences told BBC News he viewed the debate as beneficial for gamers .
" If anything , competition from OnLive will improve the breed and I think the instantaneous nature of OnLive , or distributed computing , promises something that will challenge hardware companies to figure out what other benefits they can offer the consumer to maintain their market share . "
' Dinosaurs '
While the demise of the console seems to depend on who you talk to , there appears to be much more consensus over the future of retail stores .
Respected game developer and founder of InXile Entertainment Brian Fargo said just as music stores around the country had closed because more and more music was sold digitally , so video sales would go .
Mr Perlman described OnLive as the " beginning of an era . "
" The writing is on the wall .
Just look at Virgin , which closed a major store here in San Francisco .
It 's not looking good for retail , " said Mr Fargo .
That 's a view backed by Mr Perlman .
" Video games are the last media primarily sold as packaged goods and , yes , OnLive disrupts that retail model . "
Billy Pidgeon , an analyst with IDC , agreed that digital downloads were the way forward .
" Companies that make disc - only games will be the dinosaurs of the future . "
The company said that last year , players in North America spent $ 1.9 bn downloading games , up from $ 981 m in 2007 .
Mass market challenge OnLive is expected to be introduced by the end of the year , but many within the industry believe it will take three to five years , and perhaps as many as 10 , to really take hold .
" Early adopters will take to this service wholeheartedly , " said Hal Halpin , the president of the Entertainment Consumers Association , an advocacy group representing the game playing public .
The service will be available later in the year for a monthly fee " Generation X and Y and the really young kids will get this immediately .
They are growing up in a digital age so they are comfortable embracing this new technology .
The mass market will remain a challenge . "
That is a view backed by research carried out by the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences .
" There is an awareness of digital distribution to play games and people are interested in it but they are not sure how to use it , so there are some motivation triggers that need to be crossed before we see wide adoption , " said Mr Olin .
Little is known at this stage about pricing models , though the service will be subscription - based .
Mr Perlman said he recognised it was vital to get this right from the start , but his firm was under no pressure to milk the product .
" The timing of this release was carefully planned .
We are in the middle of a console cycle , so we have a couple of years to build up a subscriber base before the next console comes out .
" Look if it 's wildfire , it 's wildfire .
We will build lots of servers and people can go nuts .
But honestly I can wait a couple of years for this to work , I have already waited seven , " said Mr Perlman .
' Cool thing '
Throughout the week , the OnLive stand was certainly one of the most popular , with gamers eager to test out the system .
" I thought there were some lag issues and while it 's playing pretty well under this controlled environment , I would have to see how it does in my home with my internet connection , " said Brendan Iribe , president of Scaleform Corp , which provides middleware for games .
Kai Huang , ceo of Red Octane said " My big concern is pricing and the number of games available , but certainly my interest is piqued . "
Student Marty Wagner is excited by the possibilities for independent games " Digital downloads and direct download services are the future , " said Marty Wagner , a student at Savannah College of Art .
" This could be great for independent gamers , who wo n't have to compete for space on the shelves of a Best Buy .
It 's cool they 're pushing some hardcore games like Crysis War because that kind of thing is getting forgotten .
So it 's great for gamers if it all works as promised . "
Mr Perlman said after seven years in stealth mode , he was more than confident but lamented that more companies were not doing more to " push the boundaries " .
" I agree it sounds too good to be true , but why ?
People today are just too afraid to think big and bold and it's very frustrating .
" Inventors get treated like second - class citizens and all we are trying to do is improve business , technology , society and the economy .
" A lot of us have made money and do n't have to work .
We make a lot of sacrifices and I just think there is something about our society that we are scared of the new big inventions .
This is going to be a really cool thing . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Focus on Being Satisfied and Save More Money
No thanks .
I will stay home for lunch since I want to save money
It felt good hearing myself say those words and saving money always sound like a good idea .
Yet , quite often , some of us feel bad doing it .
Most frugalist I know asked themselves at some point whether he / she is missing out by not participating ( insert your own activity here ) .
I feel like this question is impossible to answer because without actually going , how will I know whether or not it would be beneficial ?
If I have to ask myself , I will always go because I do n’t want to analyze a problem I will never be able to solve .
Instead of questioning , I work on feeling satisfied with my life .
Sometimes , it ’s necessary to spend money doing so .
Other times , it ’s making an effort to strengthen my relationship with my family and friends .
When I am happy and satisfied , I wo n’t feel bad for not participating in every activity that is available out there .
I also find that I feel just as happy not buying every product that I ever want .
I spend much of my time figuring out how to be a satisfied person , so I do n’t feel deprived if I decide that I ’d rather stay home this weekend .
From Saving Money to Frugal Living
I have n’t always been this way .
I used to get stuck thinking about saving money all the time .
I do n’t want to go because I feel guilty spending the rest of my paycheck .
I really want that new iPhone but I do n’t want ( or have ) the money .
I would feel miserable , and it could consume me until I end up buying it .
Now that I ’m more satisfied with my life , I feel better about everything .
The new iPhone is cool but I really do n’t need it .
I do n’t have to buy it anymore .
( In fact , I switched back to a very old phone a few days ago and it was actually fun getting used to the interface again . )
The good news is that you can do it too .
It has nothing to do with talent , luck or who you know .
It just needs a commitment to work on being happy with what you have .
The bad news ?
Let ’s leave that for the merchants and advertisers that always end up taking our paycheck ( and our happiness ) away .
Editor 's Note : Did you know about the service called $ 5 meal plans ?
For $ 5 a month , they send you recipes of delicious , healthy , yet cheap food that costs just $ 5 a meal .
Several of my friends signed up and they are able to eat at home more because the instructions are easy to follow , making everything convenient .
The deal also comes with grocery shopping lists , which saves them so much time .
Check it out yourself by clicking here and you too may be able to save more and become healthier at the same time .
" We use Stain Rx® all the time at our winery !
Our customers love it because if they accidentally spill some red wine on them while tasting , we just spray a little on right away and , just like magic , the wine stains disappear . "
Dave Coffaro , David Coffaro Estate Vineyard , Geyserville , CA
“ I tried Stain Rx® for the first time yesterday on the carpet in my car and ABRACADABRA the stain is gone !!!
Wow – regular carpet cleaners just did n’t do the trick .
I love it ! ” Kim - Coral Springs , FL
“ This is the best stain remover I ’ve ever used .
I had a new set of pot holders that had food stains and burn marks on them .
I put Stain Rx® directly on the stains , and when the pot holders came out of the wash , all the stains were gone .
The product works great on grease stains on clothes . ”
Rose - Marysville , WA
“ We tried your Stain Rx® today and it was amazing ! !
Had a few ( year + old ) stains on some linens that we tried everything else ( Shout , Resolve , OxiClean , etc. ) on and nothing worked - until today .
Impressive !
Quick , Easy , Non-messy , Fast - acting , no side effects , thanks ! ”
Linda
“ I had a wine stain on my mother 's tablecloth ... a prized possession .
It is a delicate piece so I will not trust a dry cleaner .
None of my stain removers worked .
I sprayed Stain Rx® on the wine stain ... I actually watched it disappear .
It 's like nothing I 've ever seen before . "
Bonnie
" Red wine on a blazer , vanilla extract on my favorite apron , and kitchen grease on a pair of pants .
Stain Rx® worked successfully on all 3 stains !
I could n't believe it .
OxiClean and Wine Away ... failed .
Miserably .
Stain
Rx® is the best stain remover , it 's the only one I 'll ever buy again . "
K.P .
" Now that Stain Rx® has towelettes , we always keep them with us when we travel and when we 're out to dinner .
Great for food and blood stains . "
D.H .
WOW !
What an amazing product .
Old as well as new stains disappear !
Saves me hundreds of dollars because I do not need to buy more clothes . "
Emily - Anne
Nach der Sperrung kinderpornografischer Seiten will Bundesfamilienministerin Ursula von der Leyen ( CDU ) gegen weitere rechtswidrige Inhalte im Internet vorgehen .
Auf die Frage " Warum sperren Sie dann nicht auch Internetseiten , die Nazipropaganda verbreiten oder Gewalt gegen Frauen verherrlichen ? " sagte sie abendblatt.de , der Online - Ausgabe des Hamburger Abendblatts : " Mir geht es jetzt um den Kampf gegen die ungehinderte Verbreitung von Bildern vergewaltigter Kinder .
Doch wir werden weiter Diskussionen führen , wie wir Meinungsfreiheit , Demokratie und Menschenwürde im Internet im richtigen Maß erhalten .
Sonst droht das großartige Internet ein rechtsfreier Chaosraum zu werden , in dem man hemmungslos mobben , beleidigen und betrügen kann . "
Von der Leyen betonte ferner : " Wo die Würde eines anderen verletzt wird , endet die eigene Freiheit .
Welche Schritte für den Schutz dieser Grenzen notwendig sind , ist Teil einer unverzichtbaren Debatte , um die die Gesellschaft nicht herumkommt . "
Die Ministerin trat Spekulationen über eine Verzögerung der geplanten Sperrung kinderpornografischer Seiten entgegen .
Die Sperrungen sollten spätestens Mitte Oktober beginnen .
Dazu hätten sich die fünf wichtigsten Provider , die 75 Prozent des Marktes abdecken , vertraglich verpflichtet .
Bis dahin müssten sie die technischen Voraussetzungen geschaffen haben .
Ihren Kritikern hielt von der Leyen entgegen , selbst kein Rezept gegen Kinderpornografie im Internet zu haben .
Sie wüssten auch keine Lösung , sagte sie .
[ Update ] :
Gegenüber
Welt online hieß es aus dem Familienministerium , nachdem im Internet bereits heftig über weitere Web - Sperren diskutiert wurde , dass die Bundesfamilienministerin " keineswegs eine Ausweitung der Internetsperren oder ein anders geartetes konkretes Vorgehen gegen weitere rechtwidrige Inhalte als Kinderpornografie angekündigt " habe .
" Andere Deutungen sind nicht durch den Wortlaut des Interviews gedeckt . "
Von der Leyen begrüße aber die angestoßene " allgemeine gesellschaftliche Debatte über die Freiheit und Grenzen im Internet . "
Siehe dazu auch :
( dpa ) / ( thl )
Schematic illustration of experimental setup that found the human body , especially the face , emits visible light in small quantities that vary during the day .
B is one fo the test subjects .
The other images show the weak emissions of visible light during totally dark conditions .
The chart corresponds to the images and shows how the emissions varied during the day .
The last image ( I ) is an infrared image of the subject showing heat emissions .
The human body literally glows , emitting a visible light in extremely small quantities at levels that rise and fall with the day , scientists now reveal .
Past research has shown that the body emits visible light , 1,000 times less intense than the levels to which our naked eyes are sensitive .
In fact , virtually all living creatures emit very weak light , which is thought to be a byproduct of biochemical reactions involving free radicals .
( This visible light differs from the infrared radiation — an invisible form of light — that comes from body heat . )
To learn more about this faint visible light , scientists in Japan employed extraordinarily sensitive cameras capable of detecting single photons .
Five healthy male volunteers in their 20s were placed bare - chested in front of the cameras in complete darkness in light - tight rooms for 20 minutes every three hours from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. for three days .
The researchers found the body glow rose and fell over the day , with its lowest point at 10 a.m. and its peak at 4 p.m. , dropping gradually after that .
These findings suggest there is light emission linked to our body clocks , most likely due to how our metabolic rhythms fluctuate over the course of the day .
Faces glowed more than the rest of the body .
This might be because faces are more tanned than the rest of the body , since they get more exposure to sunlight — the pigment behind skin color , melanin , has fluorescent components that could enhance the body 's miniscule light production .
Since this faint light is linked with the body 's metabolism , this finding suggests cameras that can spot the weak emissions could help spot medical conditions , said researcher Hitoshi Okamura , a circadian biologist at Kyoto University in Japan .
" If you can see the glimmer from the body 's surface , you could see the whole body condition , " said researcher Masaki Kobayashi , a biomedical photonics specialist at the Tohoku Institute of Technology in Sendai , Japan .
The scientists detailed their findings online July 16 in the journal PLoS ONE .
Mr. Zia also crushed social ferment throughout Pakistan , and the debate on class and social justice that went with it , stifling political growth .
To this day , Pakistan retains a colonial - style system of patronage : I - will - vote - for you - because - you - are - important - and - I - think - you - might - be - able - to - help - me - in - my - time - of - need .
At the same time , the Zia government elevated the mullahs , once unimportant men seen mostly at weddings and funerals .
They became powerful players with their own political space  a kind of middleman between state and populace , not breaking their ties to the elite that had empowered them .
“ The mullahs were one of the state ’s major allies , ” said Aasim Sajjad , a political economy professor at Lahore University of Management Sciences who is part of a small leftist political movement in Pakistan .
He argues that in Punjab , the conditions for a revolution simply are not present , in part because the mullahs are still comfortable in their ties with the state .
“ I do n’t see them being interested in radical social change that really attacks the existing structures of power in the society , ” he said .
This is not to say that all are nonviolent , just that their violence does not challenge the state or the social order .
The leader of Sipah - e - Sohaba , an ultra-orthodox Sunni political party , whose military wing believes Shiites to be apostates and has been killing them since the 1990s , was allowed to contest an election from a prison cell in 2002 .
( He won . )
Another militant group , Jesh Muhammed , which supports Pakistani claims to Kashmir , operates unhindered in the city of Bahawalpur .
And Hafez Saeed , a cleric whose associates are believed to have carried out the attack on Mumbai , India , last year , gives weekly sermons here in Lahore .
There have been acts of terrorism in Punjab , particularly after the government attacked a mosque tied to jihadists in Islamabad in July 2007 .
Militants here began to attack the state and the police .
And though they have joined forces with the Taliban , they remain the minority and have so far not enlisted the same amount of popular support as the Taliban has in the western tribal areas .
Even in Swat , the Taliban ’s takeover did n’t happen overnight .
At first , some landlords lent tacit ( if worried ) support , donating food and money to the seminary where Fazlullah , the main Taliban leader , began his political movement .
The government itself made peace deals with the Taliban .
Only later did conditions worsen , with militants seizing ever more power , and eventually overrunning the landlords .
The military has since fought to eject them , but it is not clear how effectively .
So how will your kids spend this summer ?
Building sand castles at the beach ?
Swimming at summer camp ?
Shedding I.Q. points ?
In educating myself this spring about education , I was aghast to learn that American children drop in I.Q. each summer vacation  because they are n’t in school or exercising their brains .
This is less true of middle - class students whose parents drag them off to summer classes or make them read books .
But poor kids fall two months behind in reading level each summer break , and that accounts for much of the difference in learning trajectory between rich and poor students .
A mountain of research points to a central lesson :
Pry your kids away from the keyboard and the television this summer , and get them reading .
Let me help by offering my list of the Best Children ’s Books  Ever !
Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist group being blamed for bomb attacks at Ritz - Carlton and Marriott hotels in Indonesian capital
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
At least eight people have been killed and 50 injured in two separate bomb attacks at western - owned hotels in the Indonesian capital , Jakarta .
No group has claimed responsibility but the bombings , which appear to have been carried out by suicide attackers , are being blamed on Jemaah Islamiyah ( JI ) , an al - Qaida - linked terrorist group suspected of carrying out similar attacks in south - east Asia .
The blasts occurred virtually simultaneously at the JW Marriott and the Ritz - Carlton hotels in central Jakarta at about 8 am local time .
Several of the bombing suspects were believed to have been staying at the Marriott .
A New Zealander who died was identified by his employer as Timothy David Mackay , 62 .
He worked for the cement products manufacturer PT Holcim Indonesia and was reportedly attending a business meeting at the Marriott when the explosions occurred .
Seventeen other foreigners were among the wounded .
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said the attack was carried out by a " terrorist group " and vowed to track down the bombers .
" Those who carried out this attack and those who planned it will be arrested and tried according to the law , " Yudhoyono told a news conference .
A third bomb exploded in a car along a toll road in north Jakarta , where it is thought two people were killed .
JI was suspected of attacking the same Marriott hotel in 2003 , when a car bomb killed 12 people , but Yudhoyono said it was too early to say if they were was responsible for today 's attacks .
The south Jakarta police chief , Firman Santyabudi , confirmed that the explosions had occurred at the luxury hotels in the upmarket district of Kuningan , an area popular with foreigners and host to many bars , offices and embassies .
" There were explosions heard from two separate places , one the JW Marriott , the other in the Ritz - Carlton .
We are still trying to check because right now we are still helping the victims , " Santyabudi said .
Theo Sambuaga , chairman of the parliamentary security commission , said there were " indications of suicide bombs " at both hotels .
The Manchester United football team was scheduled to stay at the Ritz tomorrow and Sunday for a friendly match against the Indonesian All Stars .
In the wake of the attacks , United cancelled the game and its flight to Jakarta .
The bombings came two weeks after a presidential vote which is expected to result in the re-election of Yudhoyono , who has been credited with tackling militancy in Indonesia .
The bombs were planted in the Ritz - Carlton 's Air Langga restaurant and the basement of the Marriott , according to police intelligence reports .
Jakarta police chief Major General Wahyono said the suspects of the Marriott bombing were staying on the 18th floor of the hotel , where un-detonated explosives were found after today 's twin explosions .
" There were several perpetrators , " he told reporters .
" They were disguised as guests and stayed in room 1808 . "
An employee of the Marriott , named only as Yanuar , told Reuters : " I fell because of an explosion , I did not know where it came from , but after I saw clearly it came from the left side of the JW Marriott Hotel . "
" There were bodies on the ground , one of them had no stomach , " said a man who lives near the hotels and who arrived at the Marriott before emergency services .
" It was terrible . "
There have not been any major bomb blasts in Indonesia for four years , and the presidential election passed off peacefully .
A terrorism analyst , Rohan Gunaratna , said : " The only group with the intention and capability to mount attacks upon western targets is Jemaah Islamiyah .
I have no doubt Jemaah Islamiyah was responsible for this attack . "
Police have detained most of the key figures in the group , and rounded up hundreds of other sympathisers and lesser figures .
But Gunaratna said radical ideologues sympathetic to the network were still able to preach extremism in Indonesia , helping provide an infrastructure that could support terrorism .
Hillary Clinton , the US secretary of state , condemned the bombings as reflecting " the viciousness of violent extremists " and said they " remind us that the threat of terrorism remains very real " .
Sidney Jones , a Jakarta - based expert on Islamic militants for the International Crisis Group , said : " It 's more likely to be a splinter group than JI itself , which does n't mean you could n't have JI members but it 's very unlikely to be JI as an organisation behind this attack . "
I love Bollywood .
I remember being twelve , standing in front of the mirror , physically dressing up in a Shalwar Kameez , lip synching to a song picturised on Shahrukh Khan and dreaming of becoming a Bollywood star .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I 've since learnt to stop chasing such ridiculous pipe dreams and convey my passion in a different way : through my breakfast show on Club Asia Radio .
I 've been fortunate enough to interview many of the actors and actresses I loved as a child ( Akshay Kumar , Saif Ali Khan , Kajol ) as well as the rising stars of the modern generation ( Imraan Khan , Deepika Padukone ) .
Listen to my radio show – The Nashta Nooshta Show , every weekday between 6 - 10 am , with all things East and West : music , lifestyle , entertainment and culture on Club Asia Radio 963 & 972am . www.clubasiaonline.com.
Whether you 're a Bollywood addict or a Bollywood virgin , click on the image above to have a look at my top ten films .
Enlarge By Susan Tusa , Detroit Free Press Dan Kildee , who started the Genesee County ( Mich . )
Land Bank , tours the site of a former hotel being turned into an apartment complex in Flint .
In downtown Flint , the historic Durant Hotel sat empty for more than 30 years until a financial tool led to its current $ 30 million renovation .
That tool is the land bank , an idea gaining national attention for its positive impact on urban blight and abandonment at a time when most cities are dealing with more foreclosures .
Instead of selling abandoned or foreclosed structures at auction , the city or county creates a land bank of properties .
Some homes are fixed up and sold .
The worst of the homes are demolished , and the land is then sold to nearby homeowners or developers , explains Genesee County ( Mich . )
Treasurer Dan Kildee , who started that county 's land bank .
Municipalities operating land banks include Flint ; Cuyahoga County , Ohio ; the Kansas City suburb of Overland Park , Kan . ; and Richmond , Calif .
The money generated from sales and the collection of delinquent taxes allows the land banks to pay for rehabilitation or demolition .
" The land bank is changing the conditions and aesthetics in Flint , " Kildee says .
" Where once there was an abandoned house , there 's now a community garden . "
The concept was first used 10 years ago in cities such as Atlanta and Louisville , according to Frank Alexander , a law professor and director of the project for Affordable Housing and Community Development at Emory University in Atlanta .
As the recession continues to impact housing , new land banks are forming to ensure the foreclosure crisis does n't further erode struggling communities .
• Cuyahoga County , which includes Cleveland , launched a land bank in May .
County Treasurer Jim Rokakis says he hopes it will be able to have an impact on its 35,000 vacant properties .
" A vacant home on a street absolutely destroys the value in the rest of the neighborhood , " he says .
" There are some neighborhoods in Cleveland that have no housing market left . " •
The Overland Park City Council approved its land bank last month and plans to use $ 700,000 in federal stimulus money to buy , fix up and resell three foreclosed homes , City Manager John Nachbar says .
The city has about 400 homes in some stage of foreclosure , he says .
• Maryland passed legislation last year authorizing land banks in an attempt to help Baltimore deal with 30,000 foreclosed homes , but the City Council has n't approved the concept yet .
Pennsylvania and New York also are considering land bank legislation , Alexander says .
Award - winning idea Alexander predicts the recent federal Housing and Economic Recovery Act , which is intended to stabilize the faltering housing market , will create a boon for land banks .
" I imagine by the end of 2009 , we will easily see 100 to 200 local governments with land banks , " he says .
" But in a perfect world , land banks should work themselves out of existence .
" The Genesee County Land Bank , established in 2002 , takes ownership of thousands of parcels of property in the county seized by the government for unpaid property taxes .
Kildee says it uses negotiated agreements to sell its more valuable tax - foreclosed properties , mostly in the suburbs , to raise cash .
Then it uses that money to fix up blighted areas in Flint — greening vacant lots , demolishing abandoned houses and creating pocket parks where once there was only vacancy .
A 2006 Michigan State University study estimated the land bank 's activities in Flint had boosted property values countywide by more than $ 100 million .
Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government named the Genesee County Land Bank the winner of its 2007 Fannie Mae Foundation Innovations Award in Affordable Housing .
Impact on property values Since its founding , the Genesee land bank has sold 1,600 properties and has raised $ 6.4 million through the sales , Kildee says .
That fund has enabled the land bank to reconstruct dozens of single - family houses , sell off hundreds of vacant lots to adjoining homeowners and create incentives for downtown redevelopment projects such as the Durant Hotel .
The eight - story , 250 - room hotel , built in the 1920s , is being renovated for use as residential housing with 93 apartments and a restaurant and bar on the ground level .
Kildee says the project is on track to be completed by the end of the year .
In one Flint block of West Dayton Street , where there are seven abandoned homes and several vacant lots , neighbors have teamed up to mow the lawns and trim the shrubs at the homes and convert two of the vacant lots owned by the Genesee County Land Bank into a park and community garden .
" We 're trying to keep our neighborhood value up , " says Sue Graham , 54 , who grew up in the neighborhood and bought her parents home in the 1980s .
Gray reports for the Detroit Free Press .
Contributing : John Gallagher , Detroit Free Press .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
InfoQ Homepage Presentations Merb : When Flexibility and Performance Matter
In this talk , Matt Aimonetti talks about the ideas and concepts behind Merb - and the reasons why it 's appealing : speed , modularity and more .
About the conference
QCon is a conference that is organized by the community , for the community .
The result is a high quality conference experience where a tremendous amount of attention and investment has gone into having the best content on the most important topics presented by the leaders in our community .
QCon is designed with the technical depth and enterprise focus of interest to technical team leads , architects , and project managers .
About half of the participants were vegetarians Vegetarians are generally less likely than meat eaters to develop cancer but this does not apply to all forms of the disease , a major study has found .
The study involving 60,000 people found those who followed a vegetarian diet developed notably fewer cancers of the blood , bladder and stomach .
But the apparently protective effect of vegetarian did not seem to stretch to bowel cancer , a major killer .
The study is published in the British Journal of Cancer .
Researchers from universities in the UK and New Zealand followed 61,566 British men and women .
They included meat - eaters , those who ate fish but not meat , and those who ate neither meat nor fish .
VEGETARIANS GOT NOTABLY FEWER OF THESE CANCERS : Stomach Bladder Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Multiple myeloma
Overall , their results suggested that while in the general population about 33 people in 100 will develop cancer during their lifetime , for those who do not eat meat that risk is reduced to about 29 in 100 .
Special protection ?
The researchers said they found marked differences between meat - eaters and vegetarians in the propensity to cancers of the lymph and the blood , with vegetarians just over half as likely to develop these forms of the disease .
In the case of multiple myeloma , a relatively rare cancer of the bone marrow , vegetarians were 75 % less likely to develop the disease than meat - eaters .
At the moment these findings are not strong enough to ask for particularly large changes in the diets of people following an average balanced diet
Professor Tim Key
Report author
The reduction was less notable for fish - eaters with these cancers .
The reasons , researchers said , were unclear , but potential mechanisms could include viruses and mutation - causing compounds in meat - or alternatively that vegetables confer special protection .
There were also striking differences in rates of stomach cancer .
Although the numbers of cases were small , fish - eaters and vegetarians were about a third as likely to develop the disease as meat - eaters .
Previous research has already implicated processed meats in stomach cancer , so these findings were not entirely surprising .
It is thought N - nitroso compounds found in these meats may damage DNA , while the high temperatures they are cooked at may also produce carcinogens .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
But the same reduction for vegetarians was not found with cancers of the bowel , one of the most common forms of the disease .
The vegetarians in the group in fact had a slightly higher rate of cancers of the colon and the rectum , although not significantly so .
But the relative risk for fish - eaters and vegetarians of cervical cancer was twice that of meat - eaters .
The number of cases was small , and could be down to chance but the researchers said it was possible that dietary factors influenced the virus behind cervical cancer .
Professor Tim Key , the lead author , said it was impossible to draw strong conclusions from this one single study .
" At the moment these findings are not strong enough to ask for particularly large changes in the diets of people following an average balanced diet . "
Vegetarian diets tend be lower in fat and higher in fibre , but they can require careful planning to ensure necessary protein and vitamins - notably B12 , which is mainly derived from animal products - are taken in sufficient amounts .
' Complex process '
A spokesperson for Cancer Research UK , which funded the research , said : " These interesting results add to the evidence that what we eat affects our chances of developing cancer .
We know that eating a lot of red and processed meat increases the risk of stomach cancer .
" But the links between diet and cancer risk are complex and more research is needed to see how big a part diet plays and which specific dietary factors are most important .
Myeloma UK said this was the first data of its kind for the bone marrow cancer " and for that reason we are treating it with caution .
" Dietary advice to myeloma patients remains aligned with national guidance - that they should eat a healthy , balanced diet high in fibre , fruit and vegetables and low in saturated fat , salt and red and processed meat . "
Dr Panagiota Mitrou , Science and Research Programme Manager for the World Cancer Research Fund , said : " The suggestion that vegetarians might be at reduced risk of blood cancers is particularly interesting .
" However , this finding should be treated with caution since not much is known about the link between diet and these types of cancer .
Further studies of vegetarians are needed before we can be confident this is actually the case . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Protests have continued since the 12 June presidential election About 140 Iranians detained during protests against last month 's disputed election result have been released from Evin prison , officials say .
About 200 others , accused of more serious crimes , remain in the prison .
The release comes after Iran 's supreme leader ordered the closure of another detention centre because it failed to " preserve the rights of detainees " .
The unusual moves show how much pressure Iran 's leaders are under over detainees , correspondents say .
But the BBC's Jon Leyne says the opposition will be sceptical of the change of heart - though there are many relatives of prisoners desperately anxious to be reunited with their loved ones .
Officials also announced on Tuesday that 30 people were killed in clashes between opposition supporters and police - up from a previously stated figure of about 20 .
Speaking of the prison releases , National Security and Foreign Policy Committee member Kazem Jalali said those released had committed " lighter offences " .
ANALYSIS Jon Leyne , Tehran correspondent
The issue of opposition detainees arrested since the election has become the new focus of criticism of the Iranian government , even from former government supporters .
Accounts from the opposition suggest that , at best , the prisons are unable to cope ; at worst , there is systematic abuse of those detained .
The government has always seen compromise as a sign of weakness , but it has finally been forced to give ground .
The opposition will suspect that the closure of a prison and release of detainees is purely cosmetic , not a real change in policy .
For the supreme leader it is a new humiliation .
He has been reduced to ordering prison closures himself - usually the work of the president or the interior minister .
With the president 's inauguration for his second term expected in a few days , the pressure on the government can only increase .
No well - known political figure was among the people released on Tuesday , he said .
The parliamentary committee is investigating the detentions .
The prisoner releases came after the committee visited the prison , Mr Jalali said .
Mr Jalali , quoted by Fars news agency , said 150 people who remain in prison were suspected of carrying weapons and bombs , and vandalising public property during the unrest .
A further 50 prisoners were described by judicial officials as the " agents of the unrest and some of them were members of anti-revolutionary groups " .
These 200 cases were still being investigated , Mr Jalali said .
But one report suggests President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has now ordered the swift release of all political detainees not facing serious charges .
" We want their families to be happy by their release , " AFP news agency quoted him as saying in a letter to Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahrudi , head of the country 's judiciary .
" They should be home for the occasion of the birth anniversary of Imam Mahdi which falls on 7 August . "
Supporters of the protesters say the true number of people detained may be in the thousands .
Memorial rally rejected
They have also cast doubt on the number of people killed , believing it to be closer to 100 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Opposition candidates Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi requested permission to hold a memorial rally for the dead on Thursday but were refused by the interior ministry , Fars news agency reports .
Another detention centre , Kahrizak , was ordered to be closed " because it lacked necessary conditions to preserve rights of detainees " , Mr Jalali was quoted as saying earlier by the semi-official Mehr news agency .
It is not clear whether the detainees at the Kahrizak centre were released or transferred elsewhere .
In recent days the opposition has reported almost every day new deaths of protestors held in prison .
Iran 's prisons are notorious for their poor conditions , correspondents report .
Former political prisoners , such as journalists and bloggers , have complained of human rights abuses such as solitary confinement , harsh interrogation tactics and even torture at Evin .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are many people who have a lot of interesting ideas in mind but never get around to starting on their side / pet project .
Some people start on their side project but never get to completion .
These are the three steps which if followed before you start actual work on your project will help you get your pet project launched .
1 . Think things through
– This is the most important step .
If you do this well , consider your side project well begun and half done !
– Visualize things after completion will it make you happy ?
Will it make you feel like you accomplished something ?
Will it make you feel successful ?
– Humans operate with pain - pleasure principle .
Will the completion of the project alleviate your pain or others pain ?
Will it bring some pleasure to the work and lives of others or yourself ?
– When the going gets tough with your pet project as it often does , these reasons will help you and give you the strength to complete the project .
2 . Set a deadline with detailed plans
– Start by identifying all the steps you need to complete and each stage .
– When can you reasonably finish the project ?
– When do you want to launch ?
When do you want to get your product or service out to the public ?
– Make detailed and specific plans , not vague ones .
– Also the most important rule , remember nothing is perfect .
You will have to refine after launch and constantly learn from it .
Take a look at the first version of Google .
Your first launch is the beginning get ready to quickly make changes depending on user feedback .
3 . Make commitments
– Tell your friends and your family you are going to launch on the deadline .
– If you had prospective customers enquiring about product , let them know that you are launching the product or service on the launch date .
– Schedule banner ads , ppc ads , book presentations , print leaflets , etc as required to promote your project and get you to focus on the launch .
– Get a mailing list of all people who you know that will be interested in the project .
– The third point in my opinion is the one most often ignored and causes deadlines to slip .
If your family & friends know that we are busy working on something they might understand not to bother you until your launch date !
The first point on thinking things through will energize you or show you that this project should never be done .
The third point will commit you to the deadline and hopefully clear out distractions as your family and friends are now aware of what you are working on .
Only once all the three steps above are complete you should start working on your project and in accordance with your plan .
If you are working on your pet project please do share your experience !
Armee umwirbt Kinder Michael Schulze von Glaßer
Bw - Beachen ’09 in Warendorf .
Alle Bilder : Michael Schulze von Glaßer
Die Bundeswehr wirbt massiv unter Minderjährigen für den Dienst an der Waffe
„ Gut ausgebildete , gleichermaßen leistungsfähige wie leistungswillige Soldatinnen und Soldaten sowie zivile Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeiter sind Grundvoraussetzung für die Einsatzbereitschaft der Bundeswehr “ , heißt es im aktuellen Weißbuch 2006 - zur Sicherheitspolitik Deutschlands und zur Zukunft der Bundeswehr des Bundesministeriums der Verteidigung .
Trotz eines generellen Personalabbaus beziffert die deutsche Armee ihren Personalbedarf in dem zukunftsweisenden Strategiepapier mit jährlich „ 20.000 jungen Frauen und Männern “ .
Um diesen Bedarf sicherzustellen , schreckt die Bundeswehr auch nicht davor zurück Minderjährige anzuwerben .
„ Bw - Beachen ’09 - Spaß und Action garantiert “ , mit diesem Slogan wirbt die Bundeswehr in diesem Jahr für ihren Jugendsportevent .
Über eintausend Jugendliche können an dem kostenlosen Beachvolleyball - und Beachsoccer - Turnier teilnehmen .
Alle „ Bw - Beachen “ - Teilnehmern „ erwartet neben den sportlichen Wettkämpfen ein super Rahmenprogramm mit prominenten Sportlern , Infotainment , Fun-Programm sowie Partys mit angesagten DJs , Radio Andernach und der Big Band der Bundeswehr “ , heißt es dazu auf der Eventeigenen Website .
Der erste Ausscheidungswettkampf findet vom 8 . bis 10 .
Mai 2009 in der Bundeswehr - Sportschule im westfälischen Warendorf bei Münster statt – Turniere an der Offiziersschule des Heeres Dresden und am Marinestützpunkt Wilhelmshaven folgen .
Dabei verfolgt die Armee ihr eigenes Ziel : „ Bewerben kannst du dich , wenn du 16 oder 17 Jahre alt bist “ und „ die deutsche Staatsangehörigkeit besitzt “ .
Der Teamsport - Event ist kein einfacher Freizeitspaß für unter 18 - Jährige , hier soll der Armee - Nachwuchs rekrutiert werden .
Das die Bundeswehr Minderjährige anwirbt hat System .
Auch am neunten bundesweiten Mädchen - Zukunftstag „ Girls ’ Day “ , der am 23 .
April 2009 , stattfand , warben die deutschen Militärs gezielt Minderjährige .
Die Armee beschränkte das Alter der Teilnehmerinnen bei den über 150 Bundeswehr - Veranstaltungen an diesem Tag im Vorfeld zwar auf Mädchen der Jahrgangsstufen 9 und 10 , die also zwischen 14 und 16 Jahren alt sind .
Nun kam durch einen Bericht der Militärzeitschrift aktuell - Zeitung für die Bundeswehr heraus , dass selbst 11 - Jährige beim „ Girls ’ Day “ von der Armee umworben wurden : „ Die elf Jahre alten Mädchen Katrin Janzen und Fenja Albrecht aus Hude setzten sich in die Pilotensitze eines Marinehubschraubers vom Typ ‚ Sea Lynx ’ und kamen aus dem Staunen nicht heraus “ , heißt es in dem „ aktuell “ - Bericht , mit der Überschrift „ Überwältigende Eindrücke “ .
Der Untertitel des Berichts – „ Mädchen der Klassen 9 und 10 erhalten einen Einblick in mehrere Verbände und Dienststellen “ – ist schlicht falsch .
Beim Alter von elf Jahren sollten die beiden Mädchen in der 5 . oder 6 . Jahrgangsstufe sein .
Das Anwerben von Kindern durch die Bundeswehr war beim diesjährigen „ Girls ’ Day “ kein Einzefall : „ Beim Heer testeten 40 Mädchen das Leben der Fallschirmjäger der Luftlandebrigade 26 in Merzig .
Nach einem kurzen Hallo um 8.00
Uhr morgens ging es direkt in die Packer - Halle .
Dort zeigte ein Soldat , wie ein Fallschirm für den Sprung gepackt und vorbereitet wird .
Kaum fertig , durfte die 13 - jährige Lena Schmitt auf den 15 Meter langen Tisch steigen und losrennen .
Den Schülerinnen wurde so gezeigt , wie sich der Schirm bei einem Sprung aus dem Rucksack fädelt “ , heißt des in dem Bericht der Bundeswehr - Zeitung weiter .
Es ist zu befürchten , dass unter den rund 7.800 Mädchen , die an diesem Tag an Armee - Veranstaltungen teilnahmen noch weitaus mehr Kinder waren .
Das Anwerben unter 18 - Jähriger für den Dienst an der Waffe beschränkt sich aber nicht nur auf Veranstaltungen wie dem „ Bw - Beachen “ oder dem „ Girls ’ Day “ .
Bundeswehr - KarriereTreff in Gütersloh
Bereits mehrfach warb die Bundeswehr in der größten deutschen Schülerzeitung SPIESSER .
Die Zeitung hat eine Druckauflage von einer Million Exemplaren und ist bundesweit an über 18.000 Auslagestellen – vor allem an Schulen und Jugendeinrichtungen - kostenlos erhältlich .
Die Leser sind laut Mediadaten zwischen 14 und 22 Jahren alt .
Erstmals erschien im SPIESSER vom Juni 2007 – damals noch mit einer Auflage von rund 300.000 Exemplaren – eine ganzseitige Anzeige der Bundeswehr .
Darauf folgte Armee - Werbung im Heft vom September 2007 , November 2007 , April 2008 und November 2008 .
Auch im größten deutschen Jugendmagazin BRAVO soll die Armee schon geworben haben .
Auch auf der BRAVO - Website , mit der Werbekunden laut herausgebenden Bauer - Verlag 10 - 20 - Jährige erreichen können , warb die Bundeswehr schon .
Zwischen dem Jugendmedium und der Armee scheint sogar eine weitergehende Kooperation stattzufinden : gemeinsam wurden im vergangenem Jahr 20 Teilnehmerinnen und Teilnehmer ab einem Alter von 16 Jahren für die „ Bw Adventure - Games ’ 08 “ , einem von der Armee veranstalteten Abenteuerurlaub , gesucht .
Bundeswehr - KarriereTreff in Gütersloh
Die Bundeswehr setzt aber auch gezielt selbst erstellte Medien ein um Nachwuchs zu gewinnen .
Dazu gehört beispielsweise auch das Webportal treff .
bundeswehr , das sich an Jugendliche von 14 bis 17 Jahren wendet .
Die bunte Bundeswehr - Werbe - Website entging der Indizierung wegen der Verharmlosung des Kriegshandwerks im Jahr 2002 nur knapp .
Auf der Website finden sich Videos von Panzern und Flugzeugen sowie Datenblätter von Maschinengranatwerfern und anderem Kriegsgerät neben Handy - Logos , Stundenplänen und kleinen Online - Videospielen .
Besonders Schüler sind Ziel der Bundeswehr - Werber : 2009 sollen 6526 Schulen angeschrieben und zu Bundeswehr - Werbeveranstaltungen eingeladen werden .
Seit Oktober 2008 gibt es in Nordrhein - Westfalen die bundesweit erste Kooperationsvereinbarung zwischen einem Schulministerium und der Bundeswehr – ein Pilotprojekt , das später auch in anderen Bundesländern stattfinden soll .
Jugendoffiziere sollen Laut der Vereinbarung im Sekundarbereich
I und II und an Berufskollegs – also schon ab der 5 .
Schulklasse – eingesetzt werden um mit den Schülern über die Bundeswehr und deutsche Sicherheitspolitik zu reden .
Der Vertrag sieht zudem die „ Einbindung der Jugendoffiziere in die Aus- und Fortbildung von Referendarinnen und Referendaren sowie von Lehrkräften “ vor .
Als „ Unglaublich “ und „ total daneben “ bezeichnet Ralf Willinger vom Kinderhilfswerk terre des hommes die Nachwuchsgewinnung der Bundeswehr : „ Aus unserer Sicht ist es fatal wenn sich schon Kinder für das Militär begeistern “ , so der Experte für Kindersoldaten .
Gerade die „ kindliche Begeisterung für Waffen und Technik “ sei eine einfache Möglichkeit junge Menschen für das Militär zu gewinnen .
Zudem macht Willinger darauf aufmerksam , dass Deutschland schon lange das Zusatzprotokoll der UN - Kinderrechtskonvention aushöhlt .
Die UN - Konvention sah vor , dass Kinder unter 15 Jahren nicht vom Militär geworben werden dürfen .
2002 trat ein Zusatzprotokoll in Kraft , in der die Altersgrenze auf 18 Jahren hinauf gesetzt wurde .
„ Leider wurde auf Druck einiger westlicher Länder – darunter auch Deutschland – eine Ausnahmeregelung in das Protokoll gebracht “ , so Willinger .
Staatliche Armeen dürfen daher noch immer ab dem 15 .
Lebensjahr rekrutieren – Deutschland macht dies offiziell ab dem 17 .
Lebensjahr .
Die Rekrutierungsbemühungen der Bundeswehr sieht das Kinderhilfswerk daher kritisch .
Die Bundeswehr war für eine Stellungnahme nicht zu erreichen .
Das volle Ausmaß der Rekrutierung von Kindern und unter 18 - Jährigen durch die Bundeswehr ist nur schwer zu überblicken .
Schon in den Sommerferien steht der nächste Coup des Bundeswehr - Jugendmarketings an : die „ Bw Adventure - Games ’ 09 “ – an dem kostenlosen Abenteuerurlaub der Armee dürfen in diesem Jahr sogar 30 Jugendliche ab 16 Jahren teilnehmen .
( Michael Schulze von Glaßer )
Bhutan attaches huge significance to ' Gross National Happiness '
The authorities in the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan say that they are increasingly worried about a recent spate of suicides .
Last week alone there were three suicides of two girls and a man .
The country 's main newspaper , Kuensel , says that in January there were 15 suicides and seven in February .
Correspondents say the figures are shock for a country that puts " Gross National Happiness " ( GNH ) at the heart of government policy .
Mental illness " People tend to commit suicide when they lack the social skills to cope with stress , " psychiatrist DK Nirola told Kuensel .
He said that old age , unemployment and depression are the most common causes of suicide which is far higher among males than females .
However excessive alcohol consumption , money worries and mental illness are also thought to be significant factors .
Under Bhutanese law , committing suicide or attempting to commit suicide is not punishable .
However , abetting a suicide is regarded as a crime .
Police provide counselling to those who have attempted suicide and they or their family are asked to give an undertaking , in writing , that it will not happen again .
Keunsel found that the problem is particularly acute in rural areas .
" In some villages , committing suicide has almost become a norm , " it says .
The Buddhist faith frowns on people committing suicide Official figures show that the highest number of suicides was in 2001 , when 58 people killed themselves .
The lowest number was in 2006 , when 34 people committed suicide .
Bhutan 's population is 682,000 people .
The figures have concerned the government - which is expanding a counselling service in schools to help teenagers who feel depressed .
Correspondents say that the figures are surprising , especially when the country 's two main religions - Hinduism and Buddhism - believe that a person who commits suicide will not be reborn as human being .
The figures are also something of a setback for the policy of successive governments to promote Gross National Happiness .
" It means there has to be a better balance between the spiritual and the material , " Karma Tsheetem , the secretary of the Gross National Happiness Commission told the BBC's Chris Morris last year .
" Whatever choices we make from now on - whether it's to do with urbanisation or globalisation or the type of economy we develop - we will make sure it is in harmony with our tradition , our culture and the environment . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Judith Burns
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Methane bubbles observed by sonar , escape from sea-bed as temperatures rise
Scientists say they have evidence that the powerful greenhouse gas methane is escaping from the Arctic sea-bed .
Researchers say this could be evidence of a predicted positive feedback effect of climate change .
As temperatures rise , the sea -bed grows warmer and frozen water crystals in the sediment break down , allowing methane trapped inside them to escape .
The research team found that more than 250 plumes of methane bubbles are rising from the sea-bed off Norway .
The joint British and German research team detected the bubbles using a type of sonar normally used to search for shoals of fish .
Once detected , the bubbles were sampled and tested for methane at a range of depths .
Writing in Geophysical Research Letters , the team says the methane was rising from an area of sea-bed off West Spitsbergen , from depths between 150 m and 400m .
The gas is normally trapped as " methane hydrate " in sediment under the ocean floor .
METHANE HYDRATES
Methane gas is trapped inside a crystal structure of water - ice
The gas is released when the ice melts , normally at 0C
At higher pressure , ie under the ocean , hydrates are stable at higher temperatures " Methane hydrate " is an ice - like substance composed of water and methane which is stable under conditions of high pressure and low temperature .
As temperatures rise , the hydrate breaks down .
So this new evidence shows that methane is stable at water depths greater than 400 m off Spitsbergen .
However , data collected over 30 years shows it was then stable at water depths as shallow as 360m .
Ocean has warmed Temperature records show that this area of the ocean has warmed by 1C during the same period .
The research was carried out as part of the International Polar Year Initiative , funded by Britain 's Natural Environment Research Council ( Nerc ) .
The team says this is the first time that this loss of stability associated with temperature rise has been observed during the current geological period .
Professor Tim Minshull of the National Oceanography Centre at Southampton told BBC News : " We already knew there was some methane hydrate in the ocean off Spitsbergen and that 's an area where climate change is happening rather faster than just about anywhere else in the world . "
1 . Methane hydrate is stable below 400 m 2 . Nearer the surface the hydrate breaks down as temperatures rise and the methane is released 3 .
Gas rises from the sea-bed in plumes of bubbles - most of it dissolves before it reaches the surface 4 .
So far scientists have n't detected methane breaking the ocean surface - but they do n't rule out the possibility
" There 's been an idea for a long time that if the oceans warm , methane might be released from hydrate beneath the sea floor and generate a positive greenhouse effect .
" What we 're trying to do is to use lots of different techniques to assess whether this was something that was likely to happen in a relatively short time scale off Spitsbergen . "
However , methane is already released from ocean floor hydrates at higher temperatures and lower pressures - so the team also suggests that some methane release may have been going on in this area since the last ice age .
Significant discovery
Their most significant finding is that climate change means the gas is being released from more and deeper areas of the Arctic Ocean .
Professor Minshull said : " Our survey was designed to work out how much methane might be released by future ocean warming ; we did not expect to discover such strong evidence that this process has already started . "
" We were slightly surprised that if there was so much methane rising why no one had seen it before .
But I think the reason is that you have to be rather dedicated to spot it because these plumes are only perhaps 50 m to 100 m across .
" The device we were using is only switched on during biological cruises .
It 's not normally used on geophysical or oceanographic cruises like ours .
And of course you 've got to monitor it 24 hours a day .
In fact , we only spotted the phenomenon half way through our cruise .
We decided to go back and take a closer look . "
The team found that most of the methane is being dissolved into the seawater and did not detect evidence of the gas breaking the surface of the ocean and getting into the atmosphere .
The researchers stress that this does not mean that the gas does not enter the atmosphere .
They point out that the methane seeps are unpredictable and erratic in quantity , size and duration .
It is possible that larger seeps at different times and locations might in fact be vigorous enough to break through the ocean surface .
Most of the methane reacts with the oxygen in the water to form carbon dioxide , another greenhouse gas .
In sea water , this forms carbonic acid which adds to ocean acidification , with consequent problems for biodiversity .
Graham Westbrook , lead author and professor of geophysics at the University of Birmingham , said : " If this process becomes widespread along Arctic continental margins , tens of megatonnes of methane a year - equivalent to 5 - 10 % of the total amount released globally by natural sources , could be released into the ocean . "
The team is planning another expedition next year to observe the behaviour of the methane plumes over time .
They are also engaged in ongoing research into the amount of methane hydrate under this area of the ocean floor .
Ultimately , they want to be able to predict how much might be vulnerable to temperature change and in what timescale .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A July 17 article at the Guardian leads with “ In preparation for a possible attack on Iran ’s nuclear facilities , two Israeli missile - class warships have sailed through the Suez Canal 10 days after a submarine capable of launching a nuclear missile strike . ”
The fifth paragraph begins , “ The deployment into the Red Sea , confirmed by Israeli officials , according to the Associated Press yesterday , was a clear signal that Israel was able to put its strike force within range of Iran at short notice . ”
This is utter bosh .
Israel ’s German - made , diesel - electric powered Dolphin class submarines supposedly carry nuclear missiles with a range of over 900 miles .
If that ’s the case , the subs do n’t have to deploy to the Suez to hit Iran ; they can do that pierside in their home port in Haifa .
Israel ’s Sa’ar class corvettes carry self - defense weapons and the Harpoon anti-ship missile that has a range of between 58 and 196 miles , far too short to hit Iran from the Suez .
Israel and Iran both possess sea-denial navies that are glorified coast guards .
To attack Israel ’s navy , Iran ’s navy would have to pass down the Strait of Hormuz and the Gulf of Oman , steam west across the North Arabian Sea into the Gulf of Aden , then hike up the Red Sea and through the Suez Canal and enter the Mediterranean .
Israel ’s navy would have to take the reverse route to attack Iran’s .
Either navy would likely run out of gas or sink of natural causes before it reached the other one .
They might agree to meet in the middle , but in an expanse the size of the North Arabian Sea they probably could n’t find each other .
We might give Israel ’s navy a lift to the Gulf of Oman on a Nimitz - class aircraft carrier , but as soon as its puddle paddlers unloaded and drove into the Hormuz , the Iranians would shoot their tokheses off with shore - launched missiles ( the Iranians might stick one up the carrier ’s fantail as well ) .
Israel ’s cardboard - saber - rattling supposedly signals concerns about Iran ’s intentions to develop nuclear weapons .
That would be well and good if Iran had intentions to develop nukes , but all indications are that they do n’t .
As I ’ve often noted , our own intelligence admits that Iran does n’t have a nuclear weapons program , and the International Atomic Energy Agency can’t find a trace of one .
For the Iranians to develop nukes would be astronomically stupid , tantamount to painting a bull ’s eye on their backs .
Israel would have a perfect excuse to schwack Iran ’s nuclear energy infrastructure with a preemptive strike , and from what we just saw the Israelis do to Gaza , they ’d likely firebomb Iran ’s cities as well .
Despite what hate radio and Fox News and the Polly - cracker mainstream media have told you over and over , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has never said Iran would use nukes to destroy Israel , or anything remotely like that , and neither has anyone else in Iran ’s government .
Iran is incapable of projecting land power more than a few miles from its border , its navy is as potent as root beer outside of the Persian Gulf , and its air force is almost as old and broken down as North Korea’s .
Demonizing Iran has been a long - term project of Dick Cheney ’s .
Through his Iranian Directorate and his lip - lock with the Likud and neoconservatives cabals , he was able to have Iran declared to be our greatest “ challenge , ” even though Iran ’s military budget is less than 1 percent the size of ours and less than half the size of Israel ’s , and despite the Cheneyacs ’ failure to prove a single one of their assertions regarding Iran ’s nuclear intentions or its meddling in Iraq and the Bananastans .
Iran - baiting has become so popular that it ’s practically a national pastime .
Maybe that ’s why Hillary Clinton has joined the likes of Newt Gingrich aboard Cheney ’s crazy train .
I voted against Hillary in the Virginia primary because she ’d so clearly rolled over for the neocons for fear they ’d call her a girly - man if she did n’t .
As secretary of state , lamentably , she ’s still putting on a tomboy act for them .
In a July 22 speech in Thailand , Hillary said the U.S. would extend its “ defense umbrella ” to protect its Middle East allies from a nuclear - armed Iran .
“ We ’ll take actions , ” she said , “ crippling action , working to upgrade the defense of our partners in the region . ”
A little song , a little dance ; a little seltzer down your pantsuit .
The Iranians do n’t have a nuclear weapons program and common sense says they never will , they ’re surrounded by U.S. forces and outgunned by their neighbors , if they ever did acquire a nuclear weapon and use it on someone our retaliation would mean the virtual end of the millennia - old Persian culture , and Hillary wants to further cripple our economy by dumping more American - made arms into the region .
Where do we find such women ?
Bush / Cheney foreign policy turned the Middle East into an analog of Cold War Europe , and incredibly , they managed to cast pismire Iran as the second coming of the Soviet Union .
That the Obama administration is conducting the same clownish statecraft is a sure sign that the American Empire will end not with a bang or a whimper , but with pie on its face .
The number of city centre bars and cafes has increased UK pubs closed at a rate of 52 per week in the first half of the year - a third more than the same period in 2008 - the British Beer & Pub Association said .
Local pubs were the most vulnerable as communities were hit by the fallout of the economic downturn , it added .
The research suggested businesses that provided food were far more resilient to the recession .
And branded pubs and cafe - style bars were opening at a rate of two a week , according to the report .
I know it 's tough out there , but a lot of pub closures are due to standards dropping
Mark Hopkins , Publican
Should we care pubs are closing ?
Calling time : Landlords ' stories " Pubs are already diversifying , but unfortunately if you are a community pub , you can't transform yourself into a trendy town - centre bar , " said an association spokesman .
" The biggest impact is the recession .
There are fewer people out and fewer people spending money in pubs and bars , regardless of where they are , " he said .
On Tuesday , two MPs tabled a motion in the House of Commons , urging their colleagues to " support their local pubs " .
Liberal Democrat MP
Greg Mulholland and Labour 's Lynne Jones said the pub industry was " hugely important to the British tourist trade " .
Job losses
The rate of closures was the fastest since the number of UK pubs began being tracked in 1990 .
The number of pubs has dropped by 2,377 in the past year , to a total of 53,466 .
The association 's chief executive , David Long , said that the economic pressures of the recession had been added to by the smoking ban , tax rises on alcohol and " regulatory burdens " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Pub closures had cost 24,000 jobs , he added .
" Government should look at valuing and rewarding pubs as community assets , " Mr Long said .
" Not only would this have social policy benefits , by supporting a hub of community cohesion , but financial policy benefits in terms of tax revenues , particularly at a time when the public purse is stretched . "
A number of pub firms have said that they have been offering financial support for tenants , in an effort to enable them to stay open .
Last month , pub and brewing company Marston 's said it wanted to raise £ 176 m in a rights issue .
Most of the funds would be earmarked for buying land and developing pubs in densely populated areas , with a focus on food .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Windows 7 Release Candidate 1 includes 30 new desktop wallpapers .
This selections hopes everyone will find one that fits ones taste .
Which one would you choose ?
10000 Graphics Pack Volume 2
From Media Graphics International ( May 1997 )
11036 669894
10,000 Sounds and Songs
Volume 0 of the Digital Data Archives ( 1993 )
9766 447550
1000 Games
1000 Games for Windows ( 1998 )
909 673894
100 Games and More
( May 1995 )
3016 95706
100 Great Games / Arcade Games for Windows
Two Mini-CDs of Windows Games ( 1998 - 1999 )
1218 456332
101 : Only the Best Games # 3
101 DOS Games ( August 1995 )
6121 371214
101 : Only the Best Games # 7
101 DOS Games ( December 1996 )
9038 581812
101 Games
( October 1994 )
7309 287212
10 Tons of Games Mega Collection 1
From International Software Values ( June 1997 )
1145 656472
17 Bit - The Fifth Dimension
Amiga Demos ( 1995 )
777 471606
1st Canadian Shareware
From BetaCorp Technologies , Inc. ( August 1991 )
6110 105624
File Section of 20 Miles North of Nowhere
Sysop : Chris Todd / TCP
( August 1996 )
1571 125604
Generic Emulation Disk
In German ( February 1998 )
12578 580858
3D Action and Adventure
20 + Titles ( September 1994 )
783 52016
3D Animania
Over 200 Wonderful 3D Graphic Files ( April 1992 )
219 233876
3D Super CD Gaming
An Incredible Collection of the Best 3D Virtual Reality ( May 1995 )
619 64508
40 Best Windows 95 Games
From SoftKey ( March 1998 )
1364 117644
49er Window Games
From Powersource , Inc. ( March 1992 )
214 8866
Fifth Dimension CD ROM Volume 1
Over 65 Action Games !
From Data Express , Inc. ( November 1995 )
2966 147362
The 640 Meg Shareware Studio CD-ROM
From Data Express , Inc. ( November 1992 )
7454 641126
806 Atari Disks
805 Atari Compatible Floppies ( 1999 )
25023 476076
80 Mega Hits Shareware
Titanium Seal ( June 1994 )
1496 68932
ACES : The Critical Mission
A Collection of Action Games ( 1994 )
2421 101474
Adventures in Heaven 2
Power Games for DOS and Windows ( 1994 )
5264 174706
Adventure Shareware Games Volume 4
From Aztech New Media Corp ( 1994 )
947 62786
Amiga Golden Games - Volume 1
German Amiga Shareware CD ( 1996 )
18404 490732
Aircraft Imagery
Full - Color Hi -Res Images of Military Aircraft ( March 1996 )
492 139692
ALL Games
from Affiliated Software Distributors ( 1995 )
1130 22906
Amiga ACS Coverdiscs
11 CDs ( 1996 - 1998 )
173620 6817214
Amiga Tools CD
Collection of Amiga - Based Programs ( July 1994 )
13577 568940
Amiga Format CD Collection
Cover CDs from issues of Amiga Format Magazine ( 1996 - 1998 )
461581 12027178
Amiga Games CD -ROMs
( 1995 and 1996 )
28634 744464
Amiga MA Magazine Coverdiscs ( Polish )
4 CDs ( 1997 -1998 )
78055 2589270
Various CD - ROMs from AmigaPlus
Leser -CD and Sonderheft ( 2000 - 2002 )
66373 2665444
Aminet Archive CD-ROM
The AMINET Amiga Archive ( February 1994 )
9176 642400
AMINET CD 10
From Urban Miller ( January 1996 )
6775 669282
AMINET CD 18
From Urban Miller ( March 1997 )
7264 669594
AMOS Public Domain Disk
()
34601 582240
Animation Festival
Full Motion Video and Stereo ( February 1994 )
1217 615204
AOL Trial Disk 5.0
( August 1999 )
40 84866
7th Level All Product Sampler CD
From 7th Level , Inc. ( November 1995 )
93 140034
The Arcade BBS
File section from The Arcade BBS ( 1996 )
3451 348750
The ASP Advantage CD-ROM
From Association of Shareware Professionals ( July 1993 )
4955 161576
ASP Advantage CD-ROM
2nd Quarter 1994 ( April 1994 )
20157 502912
Association of Software Professionals
( February 1995 )
1490 371710
The ASP Collection
May 1996 Edition ( May 1996 )
1649 651180
The ASP Collection
June 1996 Edition ( June 1996 )
1650 666548
Assassins Compact Disc
The Ultimate Games Compact Disc ( 1994 )
18708 402806
Astra Blaster CD -ROM #1
A Colossal Collection of Software ( September 1992 )
8852 718186
The Atari Compendium CD-ROM
The original book plus utilities and software ( January 1996 )
5322 686978
Atari CD Collection
Bought at auction , random homebrew CDs ( Various )
133030 4325462
11,000 Audio Files
From Knowledge Media , Inc. ( April 1994 )
11797 532246
Adventures in Heaven 2
Power Games for DOS and Windows ( May 1994 )
8138 289442
The Aztech Hall of Fame Game Cube Collection
7 CDs ( October 1996 )
10138 768282
Aztek Masterblend
Windows 3.11 Games and Programs ( July 1993 )
2548 137824
Aztech 's Super Games
From Aztech New Media Corp ( September 1994 )
419 72776
Brutal Battles
The most awesome brutal collection of action packed computer gaming ( April 1995 )
1373 104584
Black Box Volume 4
From Micro Haus ( May 1992 )
6234 601004
Collection of Images from Various Amiga BBSes
Spanning 1990s ( 1990s )
288 37658
Bluelight .
Com Internet Service
From Spinway ( January 2000 )
101 82576
1000 Games for Windows and DOS
Beachware ( November 1995 )
9795 574982
Bearware CD
Millenium Gamepack ( December 1998 )
942 75614
Best of Buzzness
From Best of Productions ( January 1994 )
8818 483380
Blackhawk CD-ROM
Software for Windows 95 ( November 1997 )
1099 626594
Blackhawk for Windows 95
2 CDs ( June 1997 )
3372 1283560
Bitfellas Bitjam CD
Articles , Music and Programs ( August 2007 )
1091 583520
Black Crawling Systems Archives 1.0
From L0 pht Industries ( July 1997 )
5065 189194
Black Philes I ( Previously the X - Philes )
The Synchron Data Collection ( 1996 )
22440 675036
Black Philes II
The Synchron Data Collection ( 1996 )
14742 641062
Blender Magazine
3 CDs ( 1994 -1996 )
962 540248
Business Library
Complete collection of business shareware ( December 1993 )
445 22850
Blood Shareware
From Monolith Productions ( 1997 )
28 232776
Best of Board Games Shareware
From Explore the World of Software ( 1994 )
907 10382
Best of Windows Board Games
From HRS Software ( 1997 )
986 53996
Between Heaven and Hell Version II
From the Bureau Development Team ( September 1990 )
10435 157282
The Best of TUCOWS Volume 2
Windows , Mac Software ( October 1997 )
1345 653022
The California Collection
From Alpha and Omega ( January 1992 )
9675 558432
Carat Clipart Collections
Collections of Movies , Graphics , Art ( 1997 )
7559 3327430
Shareware Carousel
A Selection of Files for TBBS Systems ( 1990 )
16369 557006
Carousel
From ALDE Publishing ( April 1990 )
15270 514024
The Cave BBS File Section
Files from the Cave BBS ( 1998 )
1706 426796
CyberNet ShareWare Game Pack I
Windows Games CD - ROM ( April 1996 )
1504 161216
Current Shareware Volume 1
From Chicago Computer Broker ( January 1994 )
5168 688356
Current Shareware Volume 2
From Chicago Computer Broker ( June 1994 )
4811 692042
Games 1994
From the Chicago Computer Broker ( April 1994 )
7297 689226
Windows 1993
From Chicago Computer Broker ( January 1993 )
7358 695846
Windows 1994
From Chicago Computer Broker ( March 1994 )
4433 672092
Colossal Cookbook
From Chestnut Software ( August 1992 )
2040 66122
CD Action Magazine
53 CDs ( 1996 -2001 )
79559 29873390
Shareware Breakthrough
Desktop Publishing ( 1993 )
2301 123746
CD - ROM of CD - ROMs
A Consumer 's Guide to CD - ROM ( 1993 )
660 80348
CD Review
3 CDs ( 1996 - 1997 )
10254 1373114
CD -ROM Games
2 CDs ( 1995 )
3701 715504
CD - Rom Games Game Demo Collection
Volume 1 ( November 1994 )
6035 649942
CD -ROM Magazine
4 CDs ( 1994 -1995 )
3979 1341358
CD -ROM User
3 CDs ( 1994 -1995 )
4617 1243022
CD Zone
2 CDs ( 1996 )
4505 1099594
Computer Gaming World
3 CDs ()
2503 1799334
The CICA CD Collection
16 CDs ( 1992 -1998 )
67062 19920700
Collection of Hack - Phreak Scene Programs
Text - files , PPCs , and other Bits ( 1990s )
2179 330624
Shareware Unlimited Clipart 1996
( September 1996 )
12088 164892
Club Software
From Micro Star Software ( 1996 )
1951 52546
The Collection for Windows
The Shareware Collection ( April 1994 )
2049 280766
The Companion for Windows
From Tropical Publishing ( 1993 )
4414 634022
The Computist Archive
Scans of Hardcore Computist and related Publications ( October 2006 )
4606 2651678
The Crawly Crypt Collection CD 1
Atari ST Shareware ( October , 1994 )
14445 457912
The Crawly Crypt Collection CD 2
Atari ST Shareware ( October , 1994 )
13809 441860
The Cream of the Crop Collection
18 CDs ( 1993 - 1997 )
46131 13083870
Cubase CD-ROM
Music , Loops , MIDI ( October 1995 )
4385 624244
Current Shareware Volume 2
From Chicago Computer Broker ( July 1994 )
4811 692034
The Cuteskunk BBS Textfile Collection
Complete Home - Grown collection of BBS Textfiles and Related Binaries ( 1999 )
17116 634864
Dark Domain
The ACiD Artpacks Archive ( 2003 )
12575 4479470
Data Becker
In German ( September 1994 )
474 40864
Daytime Express
Night Owl Clone ( November 1992 )
6522 587838
Defcon 14 Companion CD-ROM
Presentation Materials , Robot Wars , Music ( August 2006 )
134 459686
Various Demonstration CDs
11 CDs ( 1996 - 1999 )
15410 5448060
Desktop Works 1995 - 1996
()
1833 103688
Digital Freedom Enterprizes CD
From Dreadwolf Enterprises ( 1995 )
2027 487514
Dictionaries and Language
From Chestnut Software ( August 1992 )
2286 59158
Disc - IT Report ( DER )
Issue Cover Floppy Discs ( 1989 - 1994 )
2351 41568
Doom II Mania
DOOM 2 New Levels , Utilities , etc. ( 1995 )
613 61330
The Complete Doom Accessory Pack
Volume II ( September 1994 )
1949 118138
The DOOM Companion Edition
From Laser Magic ( 1995 )
620 24404
Doom : Knee Deep in the Dead
Straight Rip of Original from Gold Medallian Software ( March 1994 )
18 5018
Dr. Shareware Gold
From Dr. CD - ROM ( 1993 )
4800 659978
Desktop Publishing CD-ROM
From FM Waves ( August 1991 )
677 27338
Eagle Eye CD - ROM BBS
Network
CAP Enterprises ( May 1993 )
5775 614092
Education Platinum for Windows
By Limelight Media , Inc. ( 1994 )
3174 185156
The EMS Professional CD Collection
4 CDs ( 1994 -1996 )
67153 6464512
Assembly '95 eRAVE #1
Demos Music Graphics ( 1995 )
1387 389416
PC -SIG Essential Home and Business
From PC - SIG Shareware ( September 1991 )
4368 119254
Euroscene 2 by Almathera
Amiga Demos and Music ( 1995 )
3698 656506
Expanding Your BBS
From the book by David Wolfe ( March 1995 )
2118 247424
Explore the World of Software
Version 2.1 from Rocelco ( January 1994 )
1068 16270
Fonts For You
From Fantazia Concepts ( Septmber 1994 )
18874 484082
Fantazia Concepts Sampler Disc
From Fantazia Concepts ( May 1994 )
1584 267438
Generic Fidonet Collection
Unknown Source , All Fidonet ( 1999 )
47 7582
Fish & More : Public Domain Library
Volume II ( March 1991 )
14836 261448
Flying Body Parts
The Most Incredibly Gruesome , Disgusting , Dismembering Games ( May 1995 )
820 77250
Fractal Ecstacy
From Deep River ( July 1993 )
2657 672206
Fred Fish Collection On - Line
Versions 1.2 , 1.5 , 1.6 ( 1991 - 1993 )
126253 1860044
Freedom
The MC3 DemoParty Compilation CD ( 1995 )
2791 549140
Forbidden Subjects 3
From Forbidden Productions , Inc. ( 1993 )
6333 346350
Mirror of FTP .
WWIV.COM
Not a CD , but Priceless for WWIV ( December 2006 )
11411 2007400
Fujitsu Free Software Collection ( Japanese )
Volumes 4 , 8 , 10 , 11 ( 1991 - 1995 )
37351 1775218
Game Empire
Over 250 Games !
( May 1995 )
7775 377108
Games Encyclopedia
( July 1995 )
5978 424712
Game Fest 1993 ( ? )
From STG Computers Limited ( July 1993 )
5365 138470
Gamefest
By STG Computer Limited ( August 1994 )
2533 85246
Garbo Collection
From Walnut Creek CDROM ( May 1992 )
4676 380190
GEMini CDROM
1st Edition ( November 1993 )
30516 660804
Gif Galaxy
GIF Images , Shareware and Utilities ( 1993 )
3387 683886
GIFs Galore
From Walnut Creek ( October 1992 )
6735 623790
GIFs Galore CD-ROM
From Walnut Creek CD - ROM ( August 1992 )
6891 641326
Gigabyte Shareware
World 's Largest Collection of Recent Shareware ( October 1992 )
11112 660202
Giga Games 3
From Walnut Creek CDROM ( August 1995 )
2155 582514
Giga Games 5
From Walnut Creek ( April 1997 )
3628 596602
Giga Games
( August 1993 )
15820 462842
The Global Amiga Experience
( July 1995 )
12959 556156
Golden Melody Multimedia Software
( September 1997 )
4134 364562
Shareware Gold Volume II
From Sherburne Knowledge Systems ( August 1991 )
4002 161042
Gold Medal Software
5 CDs : Evaluation Software on CD - ROM ( 1994 )
12777 2345098
Games Pack Disc 2
DOS Games from Aztech ( 1997 )
4418 239470
16000 Graphics Images
By Knowledge Media , Inc. ( February 1994 )
11378 658142
The Gravix Xperience CD
From Advanced Gravis Computer Technology ( October 1998 )
3073 158118
Group 42 Sells Out
The Information Archive ( 1996 )
6223 261044
Project Gutenberg CD-ROM
The E - Text Collection ( March 1994 )
440 99612
Gateway 2000 System CD
Version 4.2 ( October 1994 )
1873 554992
The Hacker Chronicles
Volume 1 ( 1994 )
6342 146080
The Hacker Chronicles II
A Tour of the Computer Underground ( Unknown )
13151 432298
The Hacker 's Encyclopedia '98
By the THC BBS ( 1998 )
13308 653248
HAM Radio
From Chestnut Software ()
13987 290824
Ham Radio ver 3.0
Packet Radio , Frequency Lists , Exams , plus more !
( November 1992 )
9780 203880
Hand Held Organizer Toolkit
From Walnut Creek ( March 1998 )
5866 200010
Hacker 's Matrix
Your Ultimate Guide to Computer Hacking ( 2003 )
2258 566122
Hobbes OS / 2 Collection
Capture of the Hobbes OS / 2 Archive ( 1994 )
3461 671800
Hobbes OS / 2 Ready to Run
From Walnut Creek CD - ROM ( September 1994 )
16979 600958
Hobbes OS / 2
( March 1995 )
8489 653978
Hobbes OS / 2
2 CDs ( September 1997 )
5340 1319986
Hobbes OS / 2 Collection
2 CDs ( April 1998 )
4476 1299858
Hall of Fame CD-ROM
Years of DOS / Windows 3.1 Shareware ( 1991 )
9965 490252
Home and Business Platinum for Windows
Applications for Home and Work ( 1994 )
3336 165094
Hornet MODS Volume 2
The Walnut Creek Collection ( 1997 )
2264 663994
Hornet Underground
The Walnut Creek Collection ( 1996 )
2535 444508
Hot Games for Windows
( January 1999 )
12373 674256
Hottest 4
Many Public Domain Amiga Programs ( October 1994 )
1365 646142
Hacker Toolbox : Professional Edition
A Professional and Complete Collection from the Underground ( 2003 )
324 649624
IBM Shareware Gopher Site
Combination of Various CD - ROMs ( 2000 )
875 563638
Interactive Entertainment Magazine
7 CDs ( 1994 -1995 )
12679 3722910
The Infomagic Shareware CD Collection
9 CDs ( 1999 -2000 )
7598 12373418
Insane Impersonations
Whacky Impressions of Celebrities ( May 1994 )
1634 415446
Instant Doom Levels
Create Your Own Carnage for DOOM / DOOM2 / HERETIC ( 1996 )
2519 493912
Internet Program Archive
Generic Windows Internet Programs ( 1995 )
2842 547758
The InterNet Connection
From S&S Enterprises , Inc. ( December 1992 )
8185 691998
Internet Games Directory
From MacMillan Publishing ( October 1996 )
332 35816
The Internet Info CDROM
From Walnut Creek ( July 1994 )
18684 653616
IONOS Demonstration Disc
Various demonstration of IONOS works ( August 1997 )
356 111762
ITcontinues
The Computer Games Quarterly ( February 1996 )
5788 607288
InfoMagic Internet Tools CD-ROM
DOS and UNIX Internet Information ( 1994 )
1596 479566
The JCS CD Collection
8 CDs ( 1993 - 1997 )
20941 4919366
Kirk's Comm Disc
Communication Programs and Files ( July 1994 )
7555 633226
Kirk's Comm Disk Version 2
Everything You Need to Access or Run a BBS ( January 1996 )
3140 406950
Knowledge Media
Collection of Shareware ( February 1993 )
10376 336624
Kosmic Archives Volume 2
From the Kosmic Music Archives ( 1998 )
1750 3134844
Linux Developer 's Resource
From InfoMagic ( October 1994 )
23848 1382622
Libris Britannia CDROM Version 3
Shareware from Libris Britannia ( January 1994 )
3296 652250
Libris Britannia
PD & Shareware from the UK ( March 1993 )
2589 661224
Movie Directory Database and Software Potpourri
From Nimbus Information Systems ( 1990 )
4516 178490
MAX CD Fonts
In Italian ( October 1995 )
5221 233744
MAX CD Games
( July 1995 )
5534 595738
MAX CD Photos
( November 1995 )
2618 656474
MAX CD Sounds
( December 1995 )
6669 660994
The Maxx Collection
5 CDs ( 1993 - 1994 )
16596 2760064
Media Depot Volume 5
( October 1997 )
3009 667966
MegaDEMO CD-ROM
Collection of Other MegaDisks ( October 1993 )
3069 365548
Mega Media 1
( August 1993 )
1603 545518
Megamedia 2
( December 1993 )
2021 421590
MegaMODMadness
Volume 1 of the Digital Data Archives ( 1993 )
3906 519818
The MegaROM CD Collection
5 CDs ( 1992 -1994 )
27250 3406432
MegaWin # 2
( September 1993 )
4392 661942
MegaWin # 3
( April 1994 )
4151 653048
MegaWin # 4
( November 1994 )
4145 673542
Megabyte Monster
From Tropical Publishing Corp. ( 1993 )
5660 670402
The Microforum Collection
Windows Shareware ( 2 Disks ) ( May 1996 )
17294 962404
The Micro Haus CD Collection
6 CDs ( Unknown )
47277 3408820
Microstar Software Club
CD # 1 ( July 1994 )
69 10928
MIDI File Collection
Over 6,000 MIDI Files ( 2003 )
6307 111416
MIDI and Wave Workshop
From Powersource , Inc. ( September 1993 )
1396 172336
Multi-Media CD
Exploring the Boundaries of Sound & Vision ( November 1996 )
4152 244146
Multimedia Platinum
From Limelight Media ( March 1994 )
4072 686146
MultiMedia Plus
From Knowledge Media , Inc. ( November 1994 )
4542 650124
Monster Media '93
Various BBS Files ( 1993 )
5032 695558
Moonshine 7
From Moonshine Software ( 1996 )
361 106628
More SimCities
( 1997 )
1979 137518
Multi-Media Mania
The Multimedia PC Collection ( 1993 )
5349 264102
NAIDorabilia
Memories from the North American Demoparty ( September 1998 )
1989 657290
NASA Voyagers to the Outer Planets
7 CDs ( 1988 -1989 )
30861 4104132
Nautilus
The Information Service ( 1992 )
501 111334
Netware Super Library
A Collection of Netware Utilities ( 1996 )
10081 370646
National Federation for the Blind Files
Collection of Blind - Related Shareware ( October 2002 )
5613 956900
The Night Owl BBS Collection
22 CDs ( 1992 -1996 )
57690 11729592
NT Sources Volume 1
Software Programs for Windows NT ( 2 CDs ) ( September 1998 )
798 1191594
Only the Best Win95 Games # 4
All New 32 - Bits Win95 Games ( October 1998 )
1000 619202
Original Shareware 1992
Appears taken from other CDs ( May 1992 )
8435 550626
Palm Pilot Collection
From HRS Software ( 1998 )
880 131226
The PC - Blue Collection
Collection of early 1980's Disks for IBM Compatibles 1983 - 1985 ( 1985 )
225 35360
PC Blue II
Compilation of Floppies ( October 1989 )
641 144310
PC Gamer Coverdiscs
3 CDs ( 1995 -2005 )
5992 1386980
PC Games EXE Cover Discs
9 CDs ( 1997 - 1999 )
16365 5635324
Ziff - Davis PC Benchmarks CD-ROM
WinBench 96 and Winstone 96 Benchmarks ( October 1995 )
21365 1619228
PC - Medic
The Doctor for your PC ( 1992 )
4071 128836
PC - Medic ( 1993 Edition )
Diagnostic Utilities and Information for Repair ( October 1993 )
4071 128836
PC - SIG Library Eighth Edition
From PC - SIG ( April 1990 )
28600 480158
PC - Sig Library 12th Edition
( March 1993 )
5008 598744
PC - Sig Library 13th Edition
( February 1994 )
3288 689202
PC - Sig Games
Collection of Games from PC - Sig ( 1994 )
6291 158270
The PC - Sig World of Utilities
Collection of Utilities from PC - Sig ( 1986 -1994 ) ( 1994 )
1103 235830
PDA Software Library
For CE , Pilot , Psion , Zaurus ( February 1998 )
6616 161628
PowerDOS CD-ROM
Powerful Software for DOS ( June 1996 )
2913 444002
PDSL Audio and Music Library CD-ROM
Programs and Files Related to Music and Audio ( 1999 )
944 365462
Phoenix CD Version 2.0
From PHOENIX -CD ( December 1991 )
10462 633166
Phoenix CD Version 4.0
From Phoenix Publishing ( 1993 )
6801 650202
Phoenix CD -ROM 5.0
From The Pier Exchange BBS ( April 1994 )
4724 603890
Phoenix Rising BBS Collection
Canonical List of Hacker Files ( June 1995 )
5039 246318
The Pier Shareware Collection
10 CDs ( 1992 -1996 )
40282 6731028
Phone Losers of America Media
Pictures , Programs and Sound from the PLA ( March 2002 )
396 398734
PLA Media DVD 2008
15 Years of PLA ( July 2008 )
1023 3068568
Phone Losers of America : PLA Radio
Shows and Pranks and More ( 2006 )
871 688934
Polish Programs 2
Polish - Language Shareware ( May 1998 )
4901 625186
PowerPak Gold
( May 1993 )
6981 640814
Power Programming
( May 1994 )
1682 70936
Carsten 's PPE Collection
A Collection of PPEs for BBSes ( November 2007 )
3775 167158
Pretty Women
100 Royalty Free Images ( 1994 )
161 450548
Project Gutenberg
Texts from 1991 - 1996 ( 1996 )
1999 434018
Psion Programs Collection
3 CD - ROMs ( July 2001 )
12225 838458
The PSL Monthly Collection
57 CDs ( 1995 - 1999 )
60105 22979562
Publisher 's Paradise
( October 1992 )
4427 199398
Quantum Access - Best of Apogee and Epic
From Quantum Access ( September 1994 )
440 43614
Quantum Access Sports Games
Just Sports ( December 1994 )
480 25694
Quick - Shot Arcade Mania 2
Arcade Games and Such ( July 1995 )
5814 544316
RBBS
In a Box
Volume 3 Number 1 ( 1993 )
15107 670122
Roadside Resources
Macintosh Compilation from BMUG ( July 1995 )
4685 119414
Shareware Breakthrough
Education and Entertainment ( 1993 )
1574 80938
Shareware Breakthrough : Multi-Media Collection
For Windows ( December 1993 )
794 199808
Shareware Breakthrough Soundworks
From BeachWare ( December 1993 )
2227 112838
Shareware Breakthrough for Windows
Utilities and Productivity Collection ( 1994 )
3662 135318
Scene96 International Edition
CD # 1 ( 1997 )
5978 672798
Scene96 International Edition
CD # 2 ( 1997 )
9012 686340
Scene Pixel Graphics
Pixel Graphics from the Scene 95 - 97 ( 1998 )
4161 472832
Secret Subjects
PS Multimedia , Inc. USA ( 1998 )
3517 58872
The Significant Series : Windows
From PC - SIG ( October 1993 )
12341 380296
The Silver Collection
4 CDs from Precision Software Applications ( 1993 )
13437 1877310
The Simtel CD Collection
13 CDs ( 1994 -2001 )
11690 1137048
Simtel MS - DOS
Archive
From Coast to Coast Software ( March 1994 )
10349 1004278
Softkey Entertainment Pack
Audio Collections , Games , Destinies ( July 1996 )
14652 520410
Software Du Jour
From Disk GO Tech ( April 1988 )
427 14408
The So Much CD Collection
8 CDs ( 1993 - 1996 )
33160 4343684
SoundMOD Volume 1
Over 3700 Songs for Your PC ( December 1994 )
3830 680506
SoundMOD Volume 2
Hours and Hours of music for your PC ( August 1995 )
3025 683328
Sound Sensations
From Chestnut Shareware ( 1992 )
17904 369780
Source Code CDROM
From Walnut Creek CDROM ( March 1992 )
13402 600494
Space and Astronomy
Collection of Space Stuff from Usenet ( August 1993 )
12227 543436
Sprint Gamers Companion 5
From Super OZ ( February 1995 )
5868 635140
Spring Games and Entertainment 6
From Super Oz Software ( February 1995 )
1487 560624
The Successful Sysops Handbook CD
Companion to the Book ( August 1994 )
134 29880
Zodiac Super OZ CD
November ( 1997 )
3009 667966
Suzy B Software Disk # 1
Atari Public Domain Software Collection ( 1994 )
27712 616942
Suzy B Software Disk # 2
Atari Public Domain Software Collection ( 1994 )
26091 633780
The Software Vault Collection
10 CDs ( 1993 - 1995 )
35180 5059542
Shareware Breakthrough !
For Windows 3.1 or Greater ( 1993 )
3662 135318
Shareware Explorer
26,000 IBM PC Files ( August 1993 )
26855 1987228
Shareware Extravaganza 1993
( February 1993 )
25524 2118364
Shareware Extravagana 4 ( 4 Discs )
The Best of PC - Ohio BBS ( 1994 )
16701 2363640
Shareware Extravaganza 8 ( Disk 8 )
17,000 Files from PC - Ohio ( 1997 )
18243 5043012
Shareware Heaven # 1
The Ultimate Shareware Collection ( March 1993 )
3366 401326
ShareWare Heaven # 2
The Ultimate Shareware Collection ( 1993 )
3586 652126
Shareware Heaven 3
Top 4000 + Programs ( 1994 )
4312 659406
Shareware Innundation
Contains shareware from several collections ( 1992 )
23809 2115832
Shareware Overload Trio
Over 1.5 Gigabytes of Shareware ( 1993 )
8922 1055118
Teacher 2000
A convenient collection of educational tools for all ages ( February 1995 )
2994 482624
Telecom
34,728 files of Telecommunications Documents ( April 1996 )
964 154764
The THEBBS.ORG Archives
Artwork , Programs , Fonts , Files ( October 2009 )
4442 331848
The Unsorted Collection
Unsorted Historical BBS Files ( 2001 )
24857 850998
Shareware Tiger
From PC Info Systems ( July 1992 )
8244 711452
Too Much Shareware
By Scandanavian CD-ROM
Publishers ( Unknown )
4511 569818
Top 10 Great Card Games
Craptastico Collection ( November 2000 )
231 73516
Trans - Ameritech Supplement 2
For UNIX users ... LINUX plus BSD ( 1994 )
4836 632062
Tremor
Over 1000 Quake Levels , Maps and Patches ( February 1997 )
3310 625698
Trixter 's Scene Collection
This and That from the Scene ( 2004 )
1583 676904
The UFO Collection
Pictures , Videos and Textfiles ( October 1992 )
295 173782
Ultimate Gameware CD-ROM
From CMS Distributing ( October 1994 )
2503 384842
Ultimate MOD Collection
From Sunset Productions ( 1992 )
5696 405570
The Ultimate Shareware Collection
From Save - On Software ( May 1992 )
2629 589798
The Ultimate Windows Shareware Collection v1.0
From Digital Expressions , Inc. ( January 1994 )
3438 474686
The Ultimate Windows Set
( February 1995 )
4741 204912
Various Unprotection Examples
Collected text and programs ( December 1991 )
589 3040
United Public Domain Gold
From Weird Science ( 4 CDs ) ( June 1995 )
9877 2414134
Useless
From Big Earth Publishing ( 1996 )
1848 430232
Venus VGA Series
Version 2.02 ( February 1998 )
1669 91796
Phoenix CD Version 4.0
Collection of OS / 2 and Windows Shareware ( February 1993 )
6801 650180
VGA Spectrum
From S&S Enterprises ( August 1991 )
7211 404748
VGA Spectrum II
From S&S Publishing ( December 1992 )
3285 677970
Warbirds
The Art and Science of Military Aviation ( September 1994 )
2770 575156
Morecraft for Warcraft II
Over 200 Custom - Made Levels ( March 1997 )
1848 157978
Wargames CD-ROM
From Future Thinking ( December 1994 )
119 53302
Quantum Axcess Way Cool Games
Windows Games ( February 1994 )
2477 125394
Waycool Games
Two !
From Quantum Access ( August 1994 )
2143 131462
Wildcat !
Gold : The Optical BBS
From Mustang Software ( June 1992 )
4799 442600
Infomagic Windows 6 - Pak
32 - Bit Windows Shareware Collection ( February 1999 )
6922 3992400
The WINFILES .COM CD Collection
4 CDs ( 1998 - 1999 )
25553 4412380
Wingames Volume 2
Over 125 Games for Windows 3.1 ( June 1994 )
1164 48320
Windows Shareware GOLD
From the Golden Rom Series ( January 1991 )
6687 135930
The PC Fest CD - Sampler
From WizardWare ( September 1994 )
946 168290
World Library : Electronic Home Library
Complete Text of over 250 Titles ( 1991 )
39 148350
Windows 3 - Pack
From Chicago Computer Broker ( 3 CDs ) ( April 1995 )
13170 2053712
The Official X Consortium X11R6
From Walnut Creek ( 1995 )
38933 1264024
Zoom Release 2
The Latest Amiga PD Software ( 1996 )
45734 654166
MIT Media Lab ( 2003 & 2004 )
I spent the two years of my Masters of Engineering in Electrical Engineering at the Computing Culture Group in the Media Lab .
During that time , I did some engineering , and a little thinking .
You can download the 14M PDF from here ( color ) or from the MIT thesis archive ( b&w scan ) .
Abstract :
In contemporary Western society , electronic devices are becoming so prevalent that many people find themselves surrounded by technologies they find frustrating or annoying .
The electronics industry has little incentive to address this complaint ; I designed two counter - technologies to help people defend their personal space from unwanted electronic intrusion .
Both devices were designed and prototyped with reference to the culture - jamming “ Design Noir ” philosophy .
The first is a pair of glasses that darken whenever a television is in view .
The second is low - power RF jammer capable of preventing cell phones or similarly intrusive wireless devices from operating within a user ’s personal space .
By building functional prototypes that reflect equal consideration of technical and social issues , I identify three attributes of Noir products : Personal empowerment , participation in a critical discourse , and subversion .
New preliminary figures from the World Bank show that official global development aid for health increased from $ 2.9 billion in 1995 to $ 14.1 billion in 2007 , or roughly a five - fold increase in 12 years .
During the same period , aid for population and reproductive health made a more modest increase from $ 901 million to $ 1.9 billion .
The global economic crisis has compounded the lack of funding for such programmes , thereby jeopardizing the achievement of the Millennium Development Goal ( MDG ) for maternal health , which is already lagging behind .
“ With the financial crisis and the reduction in budgets for health , this goal will be even harder to realize , ” Thoraya Ahmed Obaid , Executive Director of the UN Population Fund ( UNFPA ) , said at a meeting at the World Bank , ahead of this year ’s World Population Day , observed on 11 July .
“ It is not a lack of knowledge that is hindering progress ; it is a lack of political will to protect the health and rights of women , ” she stated .
UNFPA estimates that more than 500,000 women die each year during pregnancy and childbirth from mostly preventable and treatable medical problems .
For every woman who dies , another 20 women suffer injuries and disabilities that can last a lifetime .
Africa has the world ’s highest rates of maternal mortality – at least 100 times those in developed countries , the agency adds .
Joy Phumaphi , Vice President for Human Development at the World Bank , said the global economic downturn has become a development emergency for women because they are among the first to suffer when crises strike .
But the troubles did not start with the onset of the financial crisis .
“ Even before this crisis began , family planning and reproductive health had fallen off the radar of low - income countries , aid donors , and development agencies — with the result that we ’ve lost precious time in helping women get access to these vital health services , and helping countries get on a faster track to reducing poverty , ” she stated .
President of African Development Bank ( AfDB ) Donald Kaberuka said on Tuesday that the geometric growth in African countries ' population had sustained the high level of poverty among families .
He stated this on the sidelines of a meeting in Abuja , adding that African countries had recorded a steady growth rate of an upward of 5.9 percent in their population , but such growth did not translate to a reduction of poverty on the continent .
" The economies are growing , but so is the population .
In many countries , such as Rwanda , the population increases every day by three percent .
If you have about six percent growth in the economy , half of it is eaten by the three percent growth in population , " he was quoted by the News Agency of Nigeria as saying .
" We must recognize that we started off from a very low level .
We started from a position of deep poverty , and by the time we get to a level of growth , where we can actually impact on the real per capita income , it takes a long time , " said Kaberuka , adding that many African countries had recorded phenomenal progress in reducing poverty .
" Within the ECOWAS region alone where Nigeria is the largest country , 60 percent of ECOWAS indigenes are in Nigeria , and if you do a comparison among the countries , you will discover that the situation yesterday is not the same today , " he said .
" This has been a very vibrant region for the last 10 years , before the crisis .
We have not resolved all the problems , but the region has been a much more stable region .
It has been a growing region , and the regional integration has contributed to the trend , " he added .
Kaberuka said Africa still has a long way to go in reducing poverty to a marginal level because of its low resource base .
" The best way to fight poverty is to ensure a steady and sustained broad - based economic growth , " he added .
The AfDB president said there was still inequality in international trade between countries and regions , noting that Africa was disadvantaged because of its export of primary commodities .
Source : Xinhua
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
Two major advocacy groups for the homeless on Tuesday ranked Los Angeles as the “ meanest ” city in the United States , citing a Skid Row police crackdown they say has criminalized poverty and homelessness there .
A homeless activist visits " tent city " , a terminus for the homeless in Ontario , a suburb outside Los Angeles , California December 19 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
L.A. ’s so - called Safer City Initiative was singled out in the groups ’ report as the most egregious example of policies and practices nationwide that essentially punish people for failing to have a roof over their heads .
Others include making it illegal to sleep , sit or store personal belongings on sidewalks and other public spaces ; prohibitions against panhandling or begging ; and selective enforcement of petty offenses like jaywalking and loitering .
Such measures are widespread in the face of a deep economic recession and foreclosure crisis that have increased homelessness over the past two years , according to the National Law Center on Homelessness & Poverty and the National Coalition for the Homeless .
Their report examined laws and practices in 273 cities across the country , with Los Angeles topping the list of the 10 “ meanest cities ” for what the study called inhumane treatment of homeless .
A previous report , issued in early 2006 before the crackdown began , ranked L.A. as the 18th meanest .
Under the Safer City effort , thousands of L.A. ’s most destitute residents have been targeted for harsh police enforcement , routinely receiving tickets for minor infractions such as the failure to obey crossing signals .
As a result , the study says , many are jailed and end up with a criminal record that makes it more difficult for them to find a job or gain access to housing .
A spokesman for Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa issued a statement dismissing the report as “ short - sighted and misleading . ”
Los Angeles officials have touted their Safer City effort for sharply curbing serious crime in Skid Row , a 50 - block downtown area inhabited by the biggest concentration of homeless people in the country .
“ The city ’s first priority is to protect our most vulnerable residents from violent crime , ” the mayor ’s statement said .
But homeless advocates say a promised strategy to ease homelessness there , including new housing and services to go with the Skid Row cleanup , have largely failed to materialize .
An estimated 40,000 people live on the streets , in abandoned buildings or in temporary shelters throughout Los Angeles , more than 5,000 of them in Skid Row .
Another 8,000 make their home in that area ’s short - term residential hotels , or flop houses as they were once called .
Becky Dennison , co-director of the Los Angeles Community Action Network , said the homeless population in Los Angeles has ballooned due to a lack of affordable housing , a high poverty rate and “ long - standing lack of local resources . ”
Tuesday ’s report cited a 2007 University of California study that found L.A. was spending $ 6 million a year to pay for the 50 extra police officers who patrol Skid Row while budgeting just $ 5.7 million for homeless services .
By comparison , Dennison said , New York City has a “ right to shelter ” policy and invests about $ 200 million a year in housing and other services for the needy , resulting in a homeless population half that of Los Angeles .
The chickens have come home to roost
Posted by ESC on April 30 , 2008 at 08:12 :
In Reply to :
The chickens have come home to roost posted by Victoria S Dennis on April 29 , 2008 at 22:32 :
: : : :
" The chickens have come home to roost . "
Jeremiah Wright has resurrected that maxim in regard to the destruction of the twin towers of the World Trade Centre and the attack on the Pentagon and the probable attack on the White House by terrorists .
" The chickens have come home to roost " was first used by Brother Malcolm ( Malcolm X ) after the assination of Pres. John F. Kennedy ,
: : : :
I post this comment because I read on a blog that Rev. Wright had heard the same remark made by the American Ambassador to Iraq and no one can find that quotation .
: : : : Was Rev. Wright being facetious when he ascribed his quotation to " an ambassador to Iraq " .
After all , Brother Malcolm converted to Islam shortly before his assasination and had just made his pilgrimage to Mecca ?
: : :
The adage dates back to at least 1810 when the English poet Robert South wrote , " Curses are like young chickens ; they always come home to roost . " .
Here 's a quote from Google News Archive dated Oct. 29 , 1849 : " It is an old adage and a true one that " false - hoods and young chickens come home to roost " .
: : As a farm girl , I can tell you that domesticated animals " come home " in the evening .
Chickens come home to roost .
The cows come home to be milked .
: : Anderson Cooper 360 :
: : One of the most controversial statements in this sermon was when he mentioned " chickens coming home to roost . "
He was actually quoting Edward Peck , former U.S. Ambassador to Iraq and deputy director of President Reagan 's terrorism task force , who was speaking on FOX News .
That 's what he told the congregation .
: : He was quoting Peck as saying that America 's foreign policy has put the nation in peril :
: : " I heard Ambassador Peck on an interview yesterday did anybody else see or hear him ?
He was on FOX News , this is a white man , and he was upsetting the FOX News commentators to no end , he pointed out , a white man , an ambassador , he pointed out that what Malcolm X said when he was silenced by Elijah Mohammad was in fact true , he said Americas chickens , are coming home to roost . "
: The idea " curses , like chickens , come home to roost " is a lot older than 1810 . in 1390 Chaucer put it " And ofte tyme swich cursynge wrongfully retorneth agayn to hym that curseth , as a bryd that retorneth agayn to his owene nest " .
THE CHICKENS HAVE COME HOME TO ROOST -- Chickens scratch around in the barnyard , in the fields and woods during the day .
But at night they come home to the hen - house to roost .
This saying is comparing a person 's evil or foolish deeds to chickens .
If a person does wrong , the " payback " might not be immediate .
But at some point , at the end of the day , those " chickens " will come home to roost .
" One has to face the consequences of one 's past actions .
In English , the proverb goes back to Chaucer 's ' Parson 's Tale ' ( c 1390 ) .
It was also know to Terence ( about 190 - 159 B.C. )
First attested in the United States in the ' Life of Jefferson S. Batkins ' .
The proverb is found in varying forms : Curses , like chickens , come home to roost ; Sooner or later chickens , come home to roost ... "
From " Random House Dictionary of Popular Proverbs and Sayings " by Gregory Y. Titelman ( Random House , New York , 1996 ) .
This source has a later date for the phrase origin .
" Malcolm X stirred up a hornet 's nest when he said this about John F. Kennedy after the ( U.S. ) president was assassinated , possibly alluding to the alleged C.I.A. attempts on Fidel Castro 's life .
But the saying is an old one , dating back to at least 1810 in the form of ' Curses are like young chickens ; they always come home to roost , ' which appears to have been the invention of English poet laureate Robert Southey as the motto of his poem ' The Curse of Kehama . '
The idea , of course , is that every curse or evil act returns to its originator as chickens return to their roost at night . "
From " The Encyclopedia of Word and Phrase Origins " by Robert Hendrickson ( Facts on File , New York , 1997 ) .
Wer unsicher ist , fürchtet fremde Meinungen Matthias Gräbner
Es gibt im Prinzip nur zwei Sorten von Fakten : die einen bestätigen die Meinung des Informations - Konsumenten , die anderen widersprechen ihr .
Welche sind uns lieber ?
Selektive Wahrnehmung ist ein bekanntes Phänomen .
Wer sich einmal eine Meinung gebildet hat , lässt sich – abhängig von seiner Persönlichkeitsstruktur – oft nur schwer vom Gegenteil überzeugen .
Immerhin hat man in der Regel einen gewissen Aufwand in die Meinungsbildung gesteckt , der vom Anschauen bunter BILDer bis zum Lesen ganzer Absätze , ja ganzer Artikel reichen kann .
Die komplette Presse baut darauf , dass Menschen mit Vorliebe von Tatsachen erfahren , die ihre eigene Meinung bestätigen .
Dass in der taz die Vorteile der Globalisierung beschrieben werden , ist ebenso unwahrscheinlich wie harte Kapitalismuskritik in der FAZ .
Und doch sind beide Fälle schon vorgekommen .
Was bewegt etwa die taz - Redaktion , sich Inhalte für einen Tag vom BILD - Chefredakteur Kai Diekmann diktieren zu lassen ?
Was motiviert den FAZ - Mitherausgeber Frank Schirrmacher den kommunistischen Schriftsteller Peter Hacks als großen Meister zu feiern und anläßlich der Bankenkrise mit dem „ strukturellen Versagen “ und der „ Logik des etablierten Systems “ abzurechnen ?
Vordergründig geht es dabei um Neutralität und redaktionelle Freiheit – tatsächlich aber können sich sowohl taz und FAZ relativ sicher sein , unter ihrer Stammleserschaft keinen Aufruhr zu verursachen .
Die Ursache dafür zeigt jetzt eine Studie , die das Fachmagazin Psychological Bulletin veröffentlicht hat .
In der Arbeit untersucht ein amerikanisches Forscherteam um Dolores Albarracin in einer Metastudie die der selektiven Wahrnehmung von Informationen zugrunde liegenden Motive .
Demnach ist es offenbar so , dass sich taz und FAZ sorgenfrei auch mal im I nhalt vergreifen können , weil die eigene Leserschaft mit recht gefestigten Ansichten durchs Leben geht .
Menschen , die sich ihrer eigenen Meinung noch unsicher sind , wehren sich deutlich härter gegen widersprechende Fakten als all die , die schon ein gefestigtes Meinungsbild mitbringen .
Psychologie - Professorin Dolores Albarracin hat mit Kollegen Studien zum Phänomen der selektiven Wahrnehmung zusammengefasst ( Foto : Brian Stauffer / University of Illinois )
Die Arbeit , die 91 Studien mit über 8000 Teilnehmern zusammenfasst , beschäftigt sich vor allem mit einer bisher in der Psychologie nicht klar beantworteten Frage : Vermeiden wir bewusst die Begegnung mit Fakten , die unserer eigenen Meinung widersprechen , oder sind wir eben aufgrund unserer vorgefassten Meinung gegenläufigen Daten einfach seltener ausgesetzt ?
Bleiben taz- und FAZ - Leser also , wie sie sind , weil sie bewusst nur „ ihr “ Meinungsblatt lesen , um ja keine gegensätzliche Meinung hören zu müssen - oder sind sie als typische Leser ihres Mediums anderen Ansichten einfach nur weniger ausgesetzt ?
Es gibt eine Gruppe , die besonders eifrig nach ihrer Meinung konträren Tatsachen sucht
Dass Menschen Ansichten bevorzugen , die ihrer eigenen Meinung entsprechen , bestätigt die Metastudie jedenfalls .
Passende Informationen sind uns im Mittel doppelt so lieb wie unpassende .
Das trifft insbesondere dann zu , wenn es um Ansichten geht , die etwas mit politischen , religiösen oder ethischen Werten zu tun haben – hier ist der Mensch besonders intolerant .
Auf diesen Gebieten erreichten normale Studienteilnehmer schnell die Spitzenwerte aufgrund ihrer Persönlichkeitsstruktur besonders unflexibler Personen .
Überraschend ist allerdings die Erkenntnis , dass eine bestimmte Gruppe von Menschen besonders eifrig nach ihrer Meinung konträren Tatsachen sucht : Solche Versuchsteilnehmer nämlich , die ihre Ansichten in der Öffentlichkeit verteidigen müssen .
Die Forscher nennen hier insbesondere Politiker , die in der Folge dann auch tatsächlich die eigene Meinung ändern – zumindest aber anpassen .
Ein zweites Motiv kann dazu führen , aktiv nach möglicherweise missliebigen Fakten zu fahnden : dass diese Suche einen Nutzen für die eigene Person verspricht .
Wer sich etwa auf eine Operation vorbereitet , wird eine zweite Meinung einholen , auch wenn der eigene Chirurg schnelle und schmerzfreie Heilung verspricht .
Interessant ist außerdem , dass auch die Umkehrbarkeit der eigenen Entscheidung wichtig ist : Je schwieriger es aus objektiven Gründen ist , die eigene Meinung zu ändern , desto leichter fällt es uns paradoxerweise , gegenteilige Tatsachen zu akzeptieren .
( Matthias Gräbner )
Part of the problem in this part of the world is that it relies on the rains of the monsoon season to provide hydroelectric power .
The international impacts from a lack of sufficient power are often missed when debate swirls about the price of oil and gas , and the need to control emissions as part of an effort to change climate dynamics .
There is a site , Energy Shortage , which provides information on the different parts of the world where energy shortages are occurring , both as short - term events , such as the power outage in Belize over the weekend a week ago , ( though with more forecast ) and the longer term problems that I have discussed before with power shortages between demand and supply .
This impacts countries such as India which currently has a gap of between 15,000 and 20,000 MW between what is needed and what is available .
Pakistan is currently seeing both problems , a short - term ( though now over 48 - hours ) blackout in Karachi , because of torrential downpours due to the monsoon , and a longer term national shortage of more than 3,000 MW .
Thus far , in India , the monsoon has not been strong , though the converse is the case in Pakistan , as the situation in Karachi demonstrates .
There the rain has been sufficient to restart operations at one of the hydroelectric plants , that at Mangla , which is producing 220 MW , and expects to double that in a few days .
Overall the national picture has improved over the last year , it being reported that while the overall shortfall was 4,633 MW last year , the drop to the current levels shows a significant improvement .
Thus load shedding of 10 – 12 hours last year , has fallen to 8 – 10 hours this year .
But in India the rains are late and have been , until recently , weak .
It has been a heart - breaking June , with the fabled wet wind from the southwest absent in most regions normally on its itinerary .
The northern plains are bone dry , with temperatures regularly touching the mid-40s in centigrade .
They are the last port of call for the complex , mobile weather system which usually arrives there in July after drenching the vast swathes of peninsular India in June .
But the monsoon has not even kept this date , for a number of reasons .
. . . . . .
By the end of June , the rains were estimated at 54 % below normal levels in these parts , with the deficit reaching 75 % in central India . . . . . .
According to data collected since the 1940s , " normal " is 890 millimeters for the whole season .
The impact on the country is still developing :
After the predictions were made public , the first knee - jerk reaction came from Punjab .
The state banned the use of air - conditioners in government offices , boards and corporations - despite the sweltering heat - so eight hours of uninterrupted power could be supplied to the farm sector .
. . . .
The monsoon , which runs from June through September , is such a big thing in India that a bad year has the potential to topple governments .
Even now , 60 % of Indian farmland is dependent on rains , not irrigation .
It goes beyond the economic , the imprint goes into the very socio-cultural make - up of a nation .
It is , however , not only food production that is now threatened :
For instance , the Tehri hydroelectric power station in Uttarakhand supplies power to New Delhi and its hinterland .
The water level in its reservoirs has shrunk to dangerously low levels - 741 meters against a normal level of 830 meters during monsoons .
The Bhakra dam , the biggest hydroelectric project in northern India , has water flowing in from the mountains .
Its reservoir levels remain lower than they were last season .
The problems extend to Bangalore , which is the hub of much of the IT in India , but where the situation is little better :
Monday saw the worst power situation so far since the start of the monsoon in early June .
Two hydroelectric power stations stopped generation for a few hours to conserve water and one unit of the thermal power station at Raichur in north Karnataka tripped , plunging many areas in Bangalore and the state into darkness in the evening .
Added to the misery of Bangaloreans was a sudden downpour , accompanied by heavy winds , lightning and thunder which too disrupted connections in many areas of the city .
That heavy rain marked the onset of what many are now hoping will be a regular series of rains that will provide the water that the nation needs .
However the rains have come over a month late and this is a problem since the monsoon provides up to 80 % of India ’s rainfall .
The hope is that when the season is over the shortfall may be as little as 7 % of the average , with serious concern only arising if the shortfall rises to 20 % .
It is however , not just with rain that the country is beginning to fall short .
More than half of India ’s power generation comes from coal , and the stocks for the power plants are reportedly down some 50 % from normal .
NEW DELHI , July 13 ( Reuters ) - Coal stocks with power plants in India halved from normal levels to 11 million tonnes at July 6 , with many thermal plants facing uncomfortable supply positions , junior power minister Bharatsinh Solanki said .
He said 31 power stations had a critical supply condition , having a coal stock of less than 7 days , and of these 10 plants were " supercritical " having a coal stock of less than 4 days .
It is light of this situation that the recent friction reported between Secretary Clinton and the Indian Government must be born in mind .
India intends to construct something on the order of 78.7 gigawatts of new power plant in the next five years , much of which will be fueled by coal .
The country needs the power , and there is little other than coal that can be expected to meet this demand .
As a result there was the following report :
A July 19 event intended to showcase cooperation on clean energy technology at a “ green ” building outside New Delhi spotlighted the debate .
The Indian environment minister said India resents demands from the U.S. for adoption of legally binding caps on carbon emissions .
“ There is simply no case for the pressure ” considering India produces among the lowest per capita emissions in the world and 500 million of its citizens have no access to commercial energy , Minister Jairam Ramesh told Clinton during a closed - door discussion that a reporter was allowed to observe .
Let us hope that the monsoon brings enough rain that this ends up being a problem that the Indian government does not have to think about in the next three months .
The future of data centers appears to be a move from the land to the sea , with power coming from the movement of the water and cooling coming directly from the ocean .
Google was granted a patent for a floating data center this week , allowing it to license out the technology to third parties if it should so choose .
Google 's application for a " Water - based data center " patent was filed in February of 2007 and published late last year .
It describes " a floating platform - mounted computer data center comprising a plurality of computing units , a sea - based electrical generator in electrical connection with the plurality of computing units , and one or more sea - water cooling units for providing cooling to the plurality of computing units . "
The majority of the patent deals with the logistics of ship - based data centers , though it also examines the use of wave power , tidal power , and seawater for providing electricity and cooling to land - based data centers that are close enough to water .
Of course , there 's nothing to stop Google from deploying a floating data center powered by conventional fuel sources , but such a vessel would be more limited by range or fuel capacity .
Not only would it have to carry enough fuel to power itself , it would also have to make sure to power the systems it carries .
Using a water - based generator would not only be more practical and efficient , it 's also a significantly greener solution .
Despite the patent , however , Google may not be the first company to send its data centers out to sea .
A Silicon Valley startup called International Data Security ( IDS ) announced in January of 2008 its intent to set up a fleet of data - serving cargo ships .
These ships would not only come with standard storage services , but also with amenities such as private offices , overnight accommodations , and galley services .
The first ship was scheduled to set sail ( or rather , hang out in San Francisco 's Pier 50 ) in April of 2008 , but according to a blog post by IDS partner Silverback Migration Solutions , that plan got pushed to third quarter 2008 and we were unable to find any further information on the project .
Silverback acknowledged Google 's patent in September , however , noting that IDS and Google appear to be planning different implementations of the floating data center .
If that 's the case , then it 's likely that the two wo n't be stepping on each other 's toes .
However , if other companies decide to implement floating solutions similar to Google 's in the future , they may find themselves having to pay licensing fees .
Given the current economic climate , though , let 's just say we do n't expect to see a mass data center exodus to the ocean anytime in the near future .
THE ORIGINAL KING OF IRONY STRIKES AGAIN ….
Have I mentioned lately how much I enjoy Karl Rove ’s ironic columns in the Wall Street Journal ?
Today , the former Bush aide blasts the politics of fear .
On the campaign trail last year , Barack Obama promised to end the “ politics of fear and cynicism . ”
Yet he is now trying to sell his health - care proposals on fear . [ … ]
This is not a healthy way to wage a policy debate .
Yes , Karl “ Mushroom Cloud ” Rove , after leading a White House political operation that re-wrote the rules when it came to demagoguery , now believes it ’s inappropriate to engage in a policy debate by relying on scare tactics .
He even feels comfortable blasting others who , he thinks , are using fear to advance an agenda .
At this point , no one does irony quite like ol ’ Karl .
After all , this is the same Rove who believes President Obama
* will make terrorist recruiting easier by banning torture ;
* relies too much on “ pre-packaged , organized , controlled , scripted ” political events to manipulate message dissemination ;
* is guilty of using hardball political tactics ;
* looks at every policy issue “ from a political perspective . ”
About a year ago , Rove accused the New York Times of having “ outed a CIA agent , ” which “ obviously puts the CIA agent in danger . ”
Rove added that disclosing the name of a CIA operative represents “ a very callous view about our nation ’s security and interests . ”
It was , at the time , one of the most ironic things I ’d ever heard .
It ’s a reminder that Rove really is the Original King of Irony .
Shutterstock
AT LAST , a fairer wind .
Figures released on Thursday August 13th showed that the euro area 's GDP shrank by just 0.1 % in the three months to the end of June , far less than the 2.5 % slump in the previous quarter .
The near stability was the result of an early exit from recession in the region 's two largest economies .
The economies of both France and Germany grew by 0.3 % in the quarter , surprising analysts who had expected the figures to show small contractions in output for both .
As badly as these economies have suffered in the past year , there will be some pride that the economies have started to grow before those of America or Britain .
Britain 's economy shrank by 0.8 % in the second quarter , although it is likely to recover somewhat in this one .
Germany and France have started moving again for similar reasons .
Consumer spending picked up , helped by government subsidies for car sales .
Foreign trade also helped .
In France it added 0.9 percentage points to GDP , accounting for all and more of the growth in the quarter ; in Germany exports fell but by less than imports , so the overall contribution of trade was positive .
Firms were still running down stocks in both France and Germany .
That augurs well for recovery , at least in the near term .
As confidence strengthens businesses will restock , which should further fill the sails of the economy in the current quarter .
Orders for German manufacturers are picking up , helped in part by China 's state - sponsored investment boom .
These signs of movement are particularly welcome in Germany , which has been among the hardest hit of the big rich countries .
Even after the better news of the second quarter , its GDP is still more than 6 % below the level reached at the beginning of 2008 .
The French economy has been more resilient : at its nadir it was down by “ only ” 3.4 % from its peak .
The worry now is the outlook for the euro zone 's next largest countries , Italy and Spain .
Italy 's GDP fell by 0.5 % in the second quarter and figures released on Friday August 14th are expected to show that Spain 's economy shrank by around 1 % in the same period .
Spain is struggling to find a new and reliable means of getting its economy going , now that housing and credit bubbles have popped .
As the budget deficit expands , the government will find it harder to offer further direct support to the economy .
High levels of public debt in Italy stopped its government offering much in the way of fiscal stimulus .
Its exporters are hamstrung by high wage costs and the strong euro hurts them more than German 's capital goods and luxury - car firms , because Italian makers of textiles and furniture compete more directly with low - cost producers in emerging economies .
The prospect of growing divergence between the countries at Europe 's core and periphery will worry officials in Brussels and Frankfurt , taking the edge off the good news from France and Germany .
If Spain and Italy continue to struggle , it will be hard for the euro area as a whole to recover quickly .
A longer - term worry is that rising unemployment will temper the pace of recovery in the core countries .
Despite a sharp downturn , Germany 's job losses have been stemmed by a government scheme that subsidises the wages of those working shorter hours .
Employment levels are little changed from a year ago , even though output is well down .
If GDP can not regain its previous level quickly , unemployment will rise as job - saving schemes start to expire .
In France , too , labour hoarding comes at a cost .
French firms still spend more than they earn on aggregate .
Unless there is generous bank finance , dealing with that is likely to mean job cuts .
Yet even these anxieties seem luxurious compared with the fears that were rife at the start of the year .
Worrying about how strong recovery will be is preferable to worrying about whether recovery will ever start .
Desperate to play StarCraft II with your buddies but do n't want to have to go through Battle .
Net 2.0 to do it ?
Lead designer Dustin Browder says that the game is likely to ship with LAN functionality after all ... kind of .
I can't help but really wonder if Blizzard saw the backlash from the removal of LAN support from StarCraft II coming at all , or if it caught them completely by surprise .
While the company stood resolute in the face of a petition that first had thousands of signatures , but as of August 16th had 100,452 , declaring LAN to be a " footnote in history , " it looks like Big Blue is willing to compromise after all .
Earlier today , we reported on some head - scratching remarks from Blizzard VP Rob Pardo , whose remarks essentially boiled down to , " We do n't think anyone will really need LAN , but if people do need LAN , we 'll work on giving them something like it . "
Now , it looks like we have some clarification on exactly what they 're doing .
SC2 Lead Designer Dustin Browder told Gamasutra that while the goal of having an " integrated experience " for their players via Battle .
net was still crucial to the company - " We really wanted to bring all these players together and keep them in the same pool , and make everything work , so your achievements work , your friends list works , everything just works correctly , as opposed to having two separated ways to play " - they were working on an option to allow for the best of both worlds : LAN - level connectivity , but a plug into Battle .
net regardless .
Greg Canessa , the Lead Designer for Battle.net ( formerly of PopCap ) , elaborated on these plans in an interview with Shacknews , saying that Blizzard 's goal was to enable low - ping connectivity between players while keeping a minimal connection to Battle .
net : " Maintaining a connection with Battle . net , I do n't know if it 's once or periodically , but then also having a peer - to - peer connection between players to facilitate a very low - ping , high - bandwidth connection ..
those are the things that we 're working on . "
As I understand it , then , the proposed system would require an initial internet connection to authenticate via the Battle .
net servers , and then would revert to normal peer - to - peer functionality , perhaps checking in every so often to update friends lists and the like .
If my understanding is correct and that is in fact their proposed system , I ... find it hard to see a downside .
The primary complaint I see against the lack of LAN functionality is that sending truckloads of data through a single pipeline ( say at a tournament ) will result in serious bottlenecks , and it's a similar problem for people with slow connections or for those who might be behind firewalls - like college students .
As long as the only information being sent to Battle .
net is a simple authenticity check , you could probably have a LAN party and not need anything more than a 56 k modem .
It sounds like a perfectly fair compromise to me , but there 's no way of knowing what exactly the system will be like until , well , we simply learn more about it .
Either way , though , Diablo III chief Jay Wilson confirmed that his game would be supporting the same pseudo - LAN functionality , so if it works well , that should be cause for rejoicing .
ACCRA , Ghana  President Obama told African countries on Friday that the legacy of colonialism was not an excuse for failing to build prosperous , democratic societies even as he leaned on the world ’s richest nations to come up with billions of dollars more to feed the hungry .
Just hours before he arrived here to begin his first trip as president to sub-Saharan Africa , Mr. Obama made a personal appeal to other leaders of the Group of 8 powers meeting in L’Aquila , Italy , for larger donations to the aid effort , citing his own family ’s experiences in Kenya .
As a result , the initiative grew from $ 15 billion over three years , which was pledged coming into the summit meeting , to $ 20 billion .
At a news conference afterward , Mr. Obama said that when his father came to the United States , his home country of Kenya had an economy as large as that of South Korea per capita .
Today , he noted , Kenya remains impoverished and politically unstable , while South Korea has become an economic powerhouse .
“ There had been some talk about the legacies of colonialism and other policies by wealthier nations , ” he said , “ and without in any way diminishing that history , the point I made was that the South Korean government , working with the private sector and civil society , was able to create a set of institutions that provided transparency and accountability and efficiency that allowed for extraordinary economic progress , and that there was no reason why African countries could not do the same . ”
AWS Snowball , a part of the AWS Snow Family , is an edge computing , data migration , and edge storage device that comes in two options .
Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices provide both block storage and Amazon S3 - compatible object storage , and 40 vCPUs .
They are well suited for local storage and large scale - data transfer .
Snowball Edge Compute Optimized devices provide 52 vCPUs , block and object storage , and an optional GPU for use cases like advanced machine learning and full motion video analysis in disconnected environments .
You can use these devices for data collection , machine learning and processing , and storage in environments with intermittent connectivity ( like manufacturing , industrial , and transportation ) or in extremely remote locations ( like military or maritime operations ) before shipping them back to AWS .
These devices may also be rack mounted and clustered together to build larger temporary installations .
Snowball supports specific Amazon EC2 instance types and AWS Lambda functions , so you can develop and test in the AWS Cloud , then deploy applications on devices in remote locations to collect , pre-process , and ship the data to AWS .
Common use cases include data migration , data transport , image collation , IoT sensor stream capture , and machine learning .
Philosophy Majors from a Sociological Standpoint
I 'd like to thank Plato 's Academy ...
equality is n't actually a subject for debate
I live in a country where it is illegal for me to have the same rights as a cisgendered person in a heterosexual relationship .
That 's what the Defense of Marriage Act and a host of other laws addressing the lives of GBLTQ people mean .
But here 's the thing -- and I assume this is preaching to the choir , but one never really knows who is going to stumble on my livejournal -- actually all this DoMA and related stuff effects you , the cisgendered straight people too .
Really .
Because you never , ever know what your life is going to look like .
Now , I 'm not saying you 're going to turn gay all of a sudden , and we certainly do n't recruit .
( Have you looked at my journal ?
When would we have time to recruit ? )
But I think most of us -- that 's us humans -- reach a point in our lives , where we look around and we go " wow , this is n't how I thought it was all going to turn out . "
Because yeah , I fell in love with a girl when I was nineteen , but I also spent years of my twenties desperately in love with men and wanting baby after baby .
I never thought I would be anything but a journalist .
I never thought I would have an abortion .
I never thought I 'd one day put on a suit that did n't have darts and have it fit me perfectly .
I never thought I 'd have pets .
I never thought I 'd live in Harlem .
I never thought I 'd get diagnosed with an autoimmune disease .
I never thought I 'd be an athlete .
I never thought that my parents would adore my same - sex partner more than any boy I ever brought home .
I never thought .
Most of us do n't .
My parents certainly never thought their kid would be gay .
So whoever you are reading this , if you have n't figured it out yet , your life is going to surprise you .
And until a whole bunch of laws change , one day ( if it has n't happened yet , if it does n't happen all the time ) , you 're going to be sitting in a bar or at brunch or in a friend 's living room or in your parents ' kitchen and you 're going to realize that somehow , for some reason , you and someone else in that room are n't equals under the law .
And , whether you come out ahead in that equation or not , if you really take a moment to understand what that means , it 's going to chill you to the bone .
I live in the United States of America .
And it 's illegal for me to be treated as equal to some of you .
Now , the other point I want to address -- and that 's what I 'm doing , addressing this so I do n't go into our living room and start ranting at my girl , AGAIN , about DoMA and Obama and how much we 've fought for and how much we just have n't won yet , and how we can't wait because it 's not fair that people can pass through this world without even knowing the legal semblance of equality and its cultural connotation of respect -- is that my equality as a human being is n't up for discussion .
Sure , the pundits can talk about it , the churches can preach .
Obama can say the country has to move together to an understanding on this issue .
I can be made abstract , and I can be told I am impatient or politically immature .
Hell , my government can even issue legal arguments that imply I 'm a dog- fucking pedophile .
But here 's the thing .
My equality ?
Not up for the discussion .
Because I am as just as good as you .
I am not lesser for my nature , nor simple for the rhetorical necessity of this focus on identity .
I possess the same basic animating force as anyone else .
So y'all can debate about it all you want , from morals to timelines of acceptance .
But it does n't change anything .
Does n't change me .
Does n't change the fucking ferocious dignity LGBTQ learn to live with from the moment they recognize they are somehow perceived as other , eventhough , you know , we 're not .
We 're just like you : mundane , over - worked and forgetting to pick up milk at the grocery store .
We 're just like you : awed at simple beauty and the various stupid and absurd poignancies of the human condition .
So yeah , debate it all you want .
But it does n't matter .
Because it 's not that you 're wasting our time ; it 's that you 're wasting yours .
So let 's get over it and get this shit fixed .
The thing about stuff like DoMA is this : it 's embarrassing .
It diminishes us .
And by us I do n't mean LGBTQ people , I mean everyone .
I mean it makes us look like a nation of frightened children .
And maybe we are .
We all are , sometimes , in the dark .
But sometimes the only way to deal with fear is just ... to pretend we 're not scared and force ourselves to breathe until the morning comes .
We can do that , ca n't we ?
The myth of America extends that far , right ?
Sea to shining sea ?
Manifest destiny ?
All that bullshit ?
Maybe equality can be the new West .
Sound like a plan ?
Time to get on with it then , because the fear is so deeply unbecoming both our nation and our natures , and I for one expect better than that .
Not just of me .
But of you .
Four candidates = 440 % effort Before the days of linguistic inflation , 100 % was considered enough .
But no longer , says Chris Bowlby , in a personal reflection on how language has changed .
How committed are you to finishing this article ?
110 % ? Maybe 150 % ?
Or , if you 're in the US , perhaps 1,000 % is what you need to say to show you really care .
But hang on a minute .
Is n't 100 % meant to be the limit , as far as you can go ?
There once was a time when 100 % really meant something .
That was the top figure you could commit , or the maximum you were allowed for a mortgage , 100 % of your house 's value .
FIND OUT MORE ...
More or Less is on BBC Radio 4 Listen to the programme here
But then came linguistic - as well as mortgage - inflation .
It began in a very modest , British kind of way .
Susie Dent , a writer and language expert , has been delving in the old dictionaries and thinks the breach may have come in the early 1980s when British ice - dancing stars were hoping for Olympic glory .
" The first citation comes from a biography of Torville and Dean .
It said they were going to put in nothing less than 101 % , so possibly that 's when things began to edge upwards " .
Where ice skating biographers began modestly , footballers and their managers soon strode in more confidently .
Promising to give 110 % became the norm in post - match interviews .
It was a useful follow - up after , depending on the result , you 'd explained why you were " over the moon " or " sick as a parrot " .
But why 110 % exactly ?
Perhaps it was all those players ' and managers ' agents - the Mr Ten Per Cents - who made sure there was 100 % for their clients plus 10 % for them .
Return to 100
It was n't just football that was infected .
Susie Dent says it has all been part of a " bigging up " of language .
Think of the way we say superhero instead of just hero , and feel the need to add " über " or " mega " to make words sound more impressive .
Percentages inflated under the same kind of pressure .
And poor old 100 % was left looking , she says , " a bit paltry " .
A return to 100 % as a kind of limit might well be popular
Listen to the thrusting young entrepreneurs on a TV show like The Apprentice .
You can hear the inflation happening as they try to outdo each other promising many percentage points more effort than any of their rivals .
In the US , it 's claimed the going rate for some job applications is to promise no less than 1,000 % commitment .
But could all this be changing ?
Employers are becoming less and less impressed by job candidates whose inflated promises seem out of all proportion to their actual qualifications and performance .
And as we enter gloomier times economically , inflated percentages can seem scary rather than inspiring .
For those who took out 125 % mortgages and now see house prices plummeting , the loss of the old 100 % limit is much more than a linguistic joke .
So a return to 100 % as a kind of limit might well be popular with those bewildered by the way we 've been playing fast and loose with our percentages .
Adjustment for footballers and thrusting entrepreneurs will be harder .
But if they were told that a bit of linguistic deflation was 110 % desirable , agreement might yet be possible .
You can hear Chris Bowlby 's report on BBC Radio 4's More or Less here .
The programme is produced in association with the Open University .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
As Richard Ayoade said in Garth Merenghi's Dark Place ; " I 'm backing him 110 % that means I can backtrack 10 % and still be 100 % behind him "
Dan , London
You could argue that you were comparing against a normal persons output , which you were then surpassing , so you would be performing at 110 % of their best , rather than of yours .
That does n't stop people who say it being any less than 100 % annoying though .
Tom , Maidstone , UK
This is nothing new !
My father - born in 1897 - was very musical and over 100 years ago took part in violin competition .
The judges awarded him 10 out of 10 - yet he came second !
A girl who played after him , and no doubt played better , was ( pragmatically ) given a score of 11 ( out of 10 ) .
So in our family , the ultimate performance became 11 out of 10 !
Bill Bowmar , Bishops Stortford , England Anything over 100 % does n't exist .
It 's an annoying way of asking people to do better than actually possible and ironically used by people of status , ie teachers and coaches etc .
It 's confusing to youngsters learning that 100 % is a whole and an incredibly annoying thing that seems to have been taken on by far too many people .
Every one should do their best to stop this !
James , Leeds
This is just one example of the silly exaggerations which exist in everyday language .
My particular pet hates include " devastated " which is now used to mean " disappointed " or " dismayed " .
" Devastated " used to be reserved for the reaction of someone who had suffered an appalling physical or mental shock so let 's get real .
Helen , Swanscombe , UK I blame Spinal Tap and their amplifiers - which were the only ones that go up to 11 .
This would date linguistic inflation to 1984 .
Martyn Simpson , Breukelen , NL I drank a cup of tea whilst reading this article .
Therefore I only gave 109.25 % of my attention .
Sorry ...
Will try to do better next time .
Chris Needham , Hill Head , UK I always assume that anyone offering 110 % effort is some kind of fool .
100 % is the maximum amount of effort that anyone can do , by very definition .
Although I do n't see many workers putting in about more than 40 % effort at best :
The slackers all seem to take at least 12 hours off a day !
Surely 100 % effort would require working flat out , 24 hours a day ?
Mike , Norwich I work in Further Education teaching numeracy and IT .
No wonder many of the students do n't understand the concept of percentages ( that 100 % is the whole of something ) when all they hear is talk of " giving 110 % " spouted forth from football managers and media all the time .
Alastair , Edinburgh Even saying your giving 100 % feels like one of those cheap middle management marketing speak phrases .
As if we would ever answer " Actually I 'm currently only giving 76 % , maybe after lunch and a rest it will be up to 84 % " Complete tosh .
To the people who answer 110 , 200 , 500 and above it's a terrible sign at just how low and dumbed down they are prepared to stoop to get a job .
You would think Alan Sugar had more sense about him than to perpetuate such nonsense .
Maybe he should " drill down " to find out exactly what it means to the respective candidate ?
Alastair , Drogheda , Ireland
As someone once pointed out , if you promise 110 % then you are immediately 10 % in debt , and that 's not a good place to be starting from !
Dan , Guildford Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Game marathons became something of a fad last year , but the original 's still the best .
Year two of the Super Mario Marathon , which raised more than $ 10,000 in 2008 , is already past $ 16,000 .
Advertisement
Update / Clarification :
My remarks above failed to consider Desert Bus for Hope , which is both a year older than the Mario Marathon , is cited as one of the Mario Marathon 's inspirations , and has raised more than $ 90,000 in its two drives - $ 70,000 of that coming last year .
Desert Bus 's organizers will be doing it again this year .
Not only is it a great drive for a great cause , its use of Desert Bus is unbeatably novel and hilarious .
The marathoners will be enduring a zillion hours of torment again in November .
If you remember last year 's charity drive , you know the drill for this year 's : Participants Brian Brinegar , John Groth and Chris Deckard are playing all seven Super Mario Bros. games .
( 2008 Marathoner Dan May is out of the country , but checking in via chat on the team 's live stream . )
They 're taking donations for the Child 's Play charity , which is affiliated with more than 40 hospitals worldwide and is dedicated to helping children in their care , with donations of toys and games .
Advertisement
Mario Marathon Raises More than $ 10,000 [ Updated ]
Early this afternoon , Brian Brinegar , Dan May and John Groth finished their seven - game Super Mario Read more
Click to view
This year the team is going for 100 percent completion of all the games - playing every level and collecting every star .
As of 1 pm MDT time on Sunday , they 'd completed 452 of 599 objectives , nearly 60 hours into the marathon .
It 's scheduled to end July 14 , with an ultimate goal of $ 98,000
The team has set a progressive cash goal for all of its milestones , meeting every one so far .
As of writing , they 're still driving for 100 percent in Super Mario Bros. 64 , but they 've already surpassed their fundraising goal for the next objective , 100 percent in Super Mario Galaxy .
Whatever the outcome , a big hand to the Mario Marathon team - not only for raising the money for a worthy cause , but for their commitment to doing this bigger and better in a second go - around .
Advertisement
Super Mario Marathon [ site ]
John S. Barry , an executive who masterminded the spread of WD - 40 , the petroleum - based lubricant and protectant created for the space program , into millions of American households , died on July 3 in the La Jolla neighborhood of San Diego .
He was 84 .
The cause was pulmonary fibrosis , a lung disease , said Garry Ridge , president and chief executive of the WD - 40 Company .
The company says surveys show that WD - 40 , the slippery stuff in the blue and yellow aerosol can , can be found in as many as 80 percent of American homes and that it has at least 2,000 uses , most discovered by users themselves .
These include silencing squeaky hinges , removing road tar from automobiles and protecting tools from rust .
Mr. Barry was not part of the Rocket Chemical Company in 1953 , when its staff of three set out to develop a line of rust - prevention solvents and degreasers for the aerospace industry in a small lab in San Diego .
It took them 40 attempts to work out the water displacement formula .
The name WD - 40 stands for “ water displacement , formulation successful in 40th attempt . ”
I know what you ’re thinking when you see me writing in a coffee shop .
I know you think I ’m some hack wannabe tooling away on a screenplay that probably sucks .
I know you think I desperately hope to be seen writing in public and “ discovered ” like some off - the - bus starlet at Schwab’s .
I know you think I embody everything you hate about L.A .
To that , I say : Fuck you .
Just because I write in coffee shops does not make me a douchebag .
There happens to be many upsides to working in such an establishment .
Number one : coffee .
If I want some , I stand up , walk ten feet and somebody hands me a cup .
No beans , no grinds , no filters , no spills all over my countertop .
Just a perfectly made cup of coffee with the least amount of effort possible .
But writing in coffee shops is n’t just about coffee .
It ’s about getting the hell out of my apartment so my cat is n’t the only living creature I have contact with all day .
Seriously , who ’s more of a douchebag ?
The reclusive writer who sits around in his boxers all day on an ergonomic chair , alternating between work and a virtual social life on the internet ?
Or the writer who actually gets off his ass , puts on both a shirt and pants and enters society like a normal human being ?
Being somewhere besides the same room I spend 80 % of my life in is not just good for my own sanity , but also good for whatever I ’m writing .
I tend to be inspired by whatever ’s going on around me and I ’m confident none of you want to watch a TV pilot about the vacation pictures hung on my wall .
Or a movie about my alarm clock and my desk lamp taking a road trip to my bookshelf .
Or anything at all involving my cat and the various places she naps .
( If you do , please contact my agent – let ’s make this happen ! )
The biggest part of the coffee shop experience for me is people .
They come in and out all day and they come in all different shapes and sizes and colors and sometimes smells .
There ’s the fat guy in sweatpants who got whipped cream on both his mocha latte and his brownie .
There ’s the 40 - something actress trying to make up for her fading looks with uneven fake tits .
There ’s the uptight suit - wearing jerk who just snapped at the waitress because they ’re out of 1 % milk .
And there ’s the scruffy hipster on his iPhone , looking at me judgmentally as I type this .
What a douchebag .
That ’s right Los Angeles , I ’m judging you too .
And I get to make my judgments on the Internet .
Why Civilisations Collapse
A Lesson for Climate Change
Modern society is technologically far superior to any that has gone before , we have all the means to head off the worst effects of climate change and adapt to those we cannot avoid .
History tells us however that the most common reason societies collapse is not inadequate science or technology but failure to take the difficult decisions necessary for survival Prof.
Peter Saunders
Excerpt from Water Carnival - the images of organisms discovered in Mae - Wan Ho 's laboratory within a quantum jazz soundscape .
Download the full video from the online store .
Surviving environmental disasters
As the world faces the challenge of climate change , it is instructive to recall that this is by no means the first time humans have had to cope with similar problems .
Many societies have found themselves in serious trouble because of an unwelcome change in their environment .
It may have been something over which they had no control , like the onset of the Little Ice Age in the 15th century , or they may have brought it upon themselves , all too often by clearing forests , or perhaps a combination of the two .
Some societies survived , others did not .
Long before the Spanish arrived , the Mayans of Central America had already abandoned their magnificent cities because of drought .
Deforestation destroyed the Easter Island society that erected the famous statues , though a very much reduced population continued to live on the island .
Others , like the Norwegian settlers in Greenland , and the original inhabitants of Pitcairn Island , died out completely .
On the other hand , the Inuit who arrived in Greenland while the Norse settlements were flourishing are still there .
The 18th century Tokugawa Japanese reversed the deforestation that had threatened their way of life .
The inhabitants of Tikopia , a tiny island in the Pacific , have adopted a whole series of measures that allow them to survive in a difficult environment ; one of the most striking 400 years ago was to kill all their pigs - high status animals in Melanesia and at one time a major source of protein on Tikopia - because they were too inefficient for feeding humans .
Societies collapse through failing to take decisive action
In his fascinating book Collapse [ 1 ]
Jared Diamond describes and analyses these and other examples and looks for common features that would help explain why some civilisations survived environmental challenges and others did not .
There are many reasons why societies have failed to cope .
They may not have anticipated the problem , and so neither tried to head it off , nor made sure they were ready when it came .
The Mayans might have been better able to deal with the great drought of the 9th century if they had known such things could happen in their part of the world .
Unfortunately , the last great drought was in the 3rd century , and had been forgotten .
The Mayans did keep careful records , but only of things they considered important such as the exploits of their kings , not trivia like climate data .
A society may not even be aware of a serious problem when it is actually upon them , especially if the effect is slow .
An increase in mean temperature of a degree or two per century can easily be masked by annual fluctuations or dismissed as part of some cycle .
It may also be that the problem is just too difficult .
If you live an already marginal existence on an isolated island in the South Pacific and the rainfall decreases even further , there is not much you can do .
Diamond found that in the many societies he studied , the most common reason for their collapse was none of the above , but the failure to take decisive action that could have saved them .
Surprisingly , even when it had become obvious that there was a serious problem , little or nothing was done to address it .
Why do societies fail to save themselves ?
Why would a society that knows it is in danger not do all it can to survive ?
There are a number of possible reasons , most of which arise from the fact that a society is not an individual but a collection of human beings .
There can be significant conflicts of interests , and these often lead to decisions that suit one faction but are not in the best interests of the society as a whole .
The most obvious source of conflict is that the interests of the ruler or the elite are not always the same as those of the rest .
It is easy to think of examples , from the chiefs who devoted so much of Easter Island ’s resources to building the famous statues ( squandering large amounts on prestige projects is a common failing of rulers ) to the owners of the companies that are clearing the rain forests and the politicians who are allowing that to happen .
Even a group that does not have much intrinsic power may be given what it wants because it is more determined to get it than the majority are to refuse it .
That is essentially why we continue to subsidise fishermen when the seas are already overfished .
There is also the “ tragedy of the commons ” : a fisherman lands more fish than he knows he ought to because he fears that if he holds back in the hope of preserving stocks , others will take them instead . [ 2 ] .
Societies also have deeply held values and find it very difficult to take any action that conflicts with them .
The obvious example is religious taboos , but values do not have to be expressed in terms of a religion .
The Greenland Norse , for example , reduced their chances of survival by keeping as close as they could to Norwegian customs and farming practices [ 3 ] , and refusing to learn from the Inuit .
Will we survive climate change ?
If collapses were usually due to one of the first three reasons that Diamond identifies - failure to anticipate the problem , failure to be aware of it when it materialises , and lack of the technology to cope - we could be quite confident about our prospects .
It is more than a century since Arrhenius showed that if we burned too much fossil fuel the Earth would get warmer , so this is n’t coming as a complete surprise .
Meteorologists and climatologists have been measuring the upward trend in the mean temperature and comparing it with the greenhouse gas concentration , so we know the scale of the problem .
We already have the technologies to limit climate change and mitigate its effects ( see Which Energy ? [ 4 ] and Food Futures Now : * Organic * Sustainable * Fossil Fuel Free [ 5 ] ) , and more are being developed ( see SiS 31 - 43 ) .
The crucial question is whether we have the ability to take the right decisions ; and it is not at all obvious that we are any better placed to do that than earlier societies .
The problem that faces us is planet - wide , and to solve it we need cooperation at an unprecedented global level .
Any agreement to limit climate change will have to take into account the quite different interests of the developed countries and developing countries .
The tragedy of the commons operates in the same way whether we are talking about individual fishermen or national fishing fleets .
Worse , it can act at both levels simultaneously .
There are two serious obstacles in trying to resolve such conflicts .
First , any society has some form of government , from an autocratic ruler to an informal congress of the entire community , or something in between .
The form of government obviously affects the decision - making .
Diamond argues that those near one end of the spectrum of government or the other are more able to cope with environmental challenges than those in the middle .
As there is no world government of any kind , formal or informal , we find ourselves having to make difficult choices with no framework for reaching decisions and no means of enforcing the decisions that are taken .
Second , attempts to overcome conflicts of interests among states have to take account at the same time of those within states .
Because the consequences of any agreement will impact differently on different groups , a country may be unable to make a concession to which an influential minority is strongly opposed .
Most of the 44 Democrats in the US House of Representatives who almost defeated the recent climate change bill were from states that either produce coal or are heavily dependent on it [ 6 ] .
It is too soon to know how much the struggle to get the bill through Congress will affect the US negotiating position , but it shows there can be a multiplier effect .
A small but determined group within one society can have a significant effect on the whole world , even though on that scale they are very small indeed .
Thus what Diamond identified as the greatest obstacle to success has become double layered and even more difficult to overcome .
We must not give in to pessimism , but neither should we underestimate the size of the challenge that faces us .
How we can save ourselves
It is easy to delude ourselves into thinking either that climate change will not happen or that if it does , those of us who live in the developed world will be immune from its consequences .
Climate change is happening , and the consequences will be global ; if we do n’t do something soon they will be much worse .
And if we do not act quickly and effectively , our society may well collapse .
The human species will probably not go extinct , but we may suffer the same fate as the Mayans : reduced to a much smaller , marginal agrarian population .
If you find that an ultimately attractive prospect , think of the social unrest , wars , famines and other disasters that would happen along the way .
We have all the science and technology we need to avert the catastrophe .
What is more , as the Stern Report [ 7 ] has shown ( The Economics of Climate Change , SiS 33 [ 8 ] ) , we can do it at a price we can easily afford .
The question is whether we have the will , and an early test of this will be whether we can preserve the world ’s remaining forests .
Deforestation has been a key factor in many collapses because trees serve many vital purposes , such as holding the soil in place on slopes , providing timber for housing and boats , sequestering carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , and above all helping to stabilise the climate .
Unfortunately they grow very slowly .
Once a forest has been cleared it takes a long time to replace , if it can be replaced at all .
Our society , like so many before us , is squandering this resource .
We seem unable to stop the destruction of the Amazonian and Indonesian rain forests even though the Stern Report has shown that this would be by far the most cost effective contribution we can make towards mitigating climate change .
The second most effective is reforesting areas already cleared ( see also Saving and Restoring Forests Saves Far More Carbon Emissions than Biofuels , SiS 37 [ 9 ] ) .
It needs international cooperation because the forests that have to be preserved lie largely in developing countries , those in the developed world having been cleared long ago ( Old Growth Forests Are Carbon Sinks and Must Be Protected , SiS 40 [ 10 ] ) .
If we cannot find a way of working together even on this , it is hard to see how we can cooperate on the more difficult problems like reducing the use of fossil fuels while allowing developing countries to raise their standards of living .
The danger is not that we wo n’t do anything about climate change , especially now that the USA and China are on board .
It is that what we do will be too little and too late .
The effects are cumulative , and the longer we delay , the harder our task will be .
It is already too late to begin with symbolic acts and good intentions .
We need to make real changes , and we need to start making them now .
Article first published 29/07/09
Other titles available from Amazon
References
Diamond J. Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed .
Viking Penguin , New York , 2005 .
Hardin G. The tragedy of the commons .
Science , 162 , 1243 -1248 , 1968 .
Twentieth century examples of a society refusing to learn how to live in a different environment are provided by Noel Coward in his song Mad Dogs and Englishmen , e.g. , “ In the Malay States there are hats like plates , which the Britishers wo n’t wear . ”
Ho MW , Bunyard P , Saunders PT , Bravo E and Gala R. Which Energy ?
Institute of Science in Society , London , 2006 , https://www.i-sis.org.uk/which_energy.php
Ho MW , Burcher S , Lim LC et al .
Food Futures Now : * Organic , * Sustainable , * Fossil Fuel Free. Institute of Science in Society , London , 2008 , ISBN 0-954-44923-4-X , https://www.i-sis.org.uk/foodFutures.php
“ House passes bill to address threat of climate change ” , Jim Broder , New York Times , 26 June , 2009 .
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/27/us/politics/27climate.html
Stern N. The Economics of Climate Change .
Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 2007 , ISBN 0-521-70080-9 .
http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/+/http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/independent_reviews/stern_review_economics_climate_change/stern_review_report.cfm
Saunders PT
The economics of climate change .
Science in Society 33 , 20 - 23 , 2007 .
Ho MW .
Saving and restoring forests saves far more carbon emissions that biofuels .
Science in Society 37 , 17 , 2008 .
Ho MW .
Old growth forests are carbon sinks and must be protected .
Science in Society 40 , 29 - 30 , 2008 .
Human Overpopulation ,
Boiled Frogs And Lipstick
By Mary Hamer C
22 July , 2009
Countercurrents.org
* THE PROBLEM : Human Overpopulation is a significant international problem .
The negative consequences of human overpopulation are severe , wide - spread & long - term as discussed below .
Yet this problem is not a high priority item with world leaders , governments or the media as demonstrated by sampling Associated Press & Reuters international headlines in 2009 .
( 1,2 ) Why does n’t anyone seem to want to talk about or deal with this problem ?
Or should we just let God , Chaos theory or Peak oil decide the nature of our human reproductive activities ?
In this essay I discuss : the Boiling Frog theory , my Google search of Lipstick , the Optimum human population , Reasons I believe humans are Not responsibly dealing with the human overpopulation problem & Solutions to this urgent problem .
This paper is NOT about population control ;
This essay IS about responsible reproduction .
* BOILED FROGS Theory : Definition of Boiled Frogs : “ The boiling frog story states … that if a frog is placed in Boiling water , it will jump out , but if it is placed in Cold water that is slowly heated it will never jump out ( & it will be boiled alive ) ” ; “ In other words people should make themselves aware of gradual change lest they suffer a catastrophic loss ” .
( 3 ) Are we Homo Sapiens like boiling frogs -- Unaware of gradual global negative changes that human overpopulation is causing to the planet Earth ?
Are we so unaware that a critical threshold of human population will become unsustainable & lead to Earth ’s destruction ?
Are we Homo Sapiens going to be boiled alive because of our ignorance of the catastrophic changes our reproduction is forcing on the world ?
* LIPSTICK –vs- LACK OF INTEREST in Human Overpopulation :
In July 2009 I did Google searches on the following topics & I recorded the number of hits for each entry : Human Overpopulation totaled only # 189,000 hits compared to Human Reproduction which scored about # 5 Million hits ;
Sex totaled # 728 Million hits & Lipstick scored about # 17 Million hits .
( 4 ) Based on this Google search , we humans seem to be more interested in reproduction , sex & lipstick compared to human overpopulation issues .
* THE OPTIMUM HUMAN POPULATION SIZE : Daily , Ehrlich & Ehrlich state : “ The optimum number of people to exist simultaneously ( is ) in the vicinity of 1.5 to 2 Billion people ” .
( 5 ) The current human population is about 6.5 +
Billion people – which far exceeds this optimum number .
* DALAI LAMA : His Holiness the Dalai Lama states : “ 6 Billion ( people ) is too much ” .
“ We have to forbid ourselves to go on multiplying ” . ( 6 )
* 12 BILLION MISERABLE HUMANS : : David Pimentel , a Cornell University Professor of Ecology describes “ Possible scenarios for the 22nd Century : A planet with 2 billion people thriving in harmony with the environment ; or at the other extreme 12 billion miserable humans suffering a difficult life with limited resources and widespread famine ” .
“ Pimentel says the only way to manage the earth ’s population is to reduce the number of children per couple .
He estimates that if people average 1.5 children per couple , the optimal earth population … could be achieved . ”
“ If we adopt a policy of 2.1 children … , the world population will continue to increase … to 12 billion ” . ( 7 )
*HUMAN NARCISSISM & SELFISHNESS : Vitousek , Ehrlich & Ehrlich & Matson state : “ Humans now appropriate nearly 40 % of potential terrestrial productivity ” ( i.e. the sun ’s energy ) .
“ Homo Sapiens ( are ) only one of perhaps 5 - 30 million animal species on Earth , yet ( humans ) control a disproportionate share of the planet ’s resources ” .
( 8 ) Leakey & Lewin also claim : “ Humans consume 40 % of the Net primary productivity ( NPP ) ;
That is the total energy trapped in photosynthesis worldwide … In other words , of all the energy available to sustain all the species on Earth. , Homo sapiens take almost half ” .
( 9 ) Donella Meadows describes two scenarios : # 1 .
Where humans “ Contin ( ue ) to expand ” ( the human population ) & we decide that “ We want it all for ourselves ” & where Wilderness will be gone .
Or # 2 .
The other possible path is where humans control their population while there are still songbirds , wildflowers , & dolphins , etc. in the wild .
( 10 ) In my opinion , humans are overpopulating the Earth & destroying other life forms because of Homo Sapiens ’ high reproductive rate , human Selfishness & people ’s lack of concern about other species .
Each human being displaces other living beings such as eagles , wolves , dolphins , etc. -- that will never see the sun rise .
*ANTHROPOCENTRISM : Definition of Anthropocentrism : “ A way of thinking of the natural world as a resource to be exploited for human purposes … A key feature of Western thinking that can be traced back to the Book of Genesis ” . ( 11 )
* Fundamental Questions :
Are we humans exploiting the Earth to satisfy our sexual reproductive desires with reckless disregard of the consequences ?
Do we humans really want to selfishly populate & consume the planet Earth & destroy other species ?
Do we humans really want to live on a crowded , polluted , extinct , deforested , depleted , radiated , bombed planet Earth -- full of only copulating breeding Homo Sapiens ?
Or can we control our human population size & share the Earth & peacefully co-exist with other species ?
* WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THE HUMAN OVERPOPULATION PROBLEM ?
Why are n’t we humans with our advanced cerebral brains talking about the human overpopulation problem ?
I cite 15 reasons I believe humans do not talk about or deal with the human overpopulation problem :
1. EGOS , Narcissism & Anthropocentrism : “ We are Homo Sapiens & We are Special ” Attitude :
Are we human beings unconcerned about overpopulation because of our big egos ?
Do we want to spread our DNA seeds & out - compete other friends , religions , ethnic groups , etc . ?
Do we not talk about human overpopulation because we have a hidden agenda to prove our virility & our will to dominate the earth with our children ?
Do we over - reproduce because of Darwin ’s theory :
Do we compete with other humans for Survival of the fittest ?
Do we jealously breed to compete with our neighbors & their # X of children ?
Are we too busy with our self - indulgent ways , inflated self - worth & self - centeredness to care about future generations , animals & the Earth ?
2. RELIGION : Do we avoid talking about human reproduction because of religious taboos ?
Are we obeying Genesis ( 1:28 ) & God ’s order to : “ Be fruitful & multiply & fill the earth ” ?
( 12 ) Does religion have a hidden agenda for humans to reproduce like rabbits ?
3. SEX HORMONES : Are humans just victims of our sex hormones with no cerebral frontal lobe impulse control ?
Do we as a species just react impulsively to stimuli rather than to think proactively about the planet Earth & restrain our carnal desires ?
4. POLITICAL AGENDAS :
* Anti-Female & Pro-Reproduction Agenda : The United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) stated : “ President Bush announced his proposed budget for fiscal year 2009 which includes dramatic funding cuts for women ’s health programs including assistance to international family planning ” .
( 13 )
Is there an anti-female & pro-reproduction agenda at work here ?
* Pro -Sex & Pro-Reproduction Agenda : Carly Fiorina the Republican National Committee ’s Chairman claimed : “ There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but wo n’t cover birth - control medication .
Those women would like a choice ” .
( 14 )
Is there a pro-sex & pro-reproduction agenda at work here ?
5. LACK OF INTEREST in Human Overpopulation as demonstrated in the Google searches described in the Introduction of this essay .
6. BOILED FROGS
Theory as defined above .
7. BUSY , BUSY , BUSY :
Are we too busy with our daily lives to be responsible for & to plan our reproduction & family size ?
8. SHAME : Are we ashamed to talk about human reproduction ?
Are we too shy to talk about restraining our bodily functions ?
Do we feel humiliated when we discuss sex & it ’s consequences ?
9. NURSING HOME
Theory :
Do we have children to avoid ending up in a senior citizen nursing home ?
10 . RECKLESS BEHAVIOR :
Do we over - reproduce because we find it exciting to engage in reckless sex ?
11 . VICTIM MENTALITY : If humans choose to have an excessive number of children per family , then we are not taking responsibility for our reproduction .
Human beings often blame reproduction on outside forces such as God , men , the Pope , etc. .
Often we human beings act as though we are victims of our hormones & our genitals .
We human beings have brains to think with .
We have choices over our reproduction .
We have frontal lobes of our brains that have restraint / impulse control mechanisms .
12 . TAX INCENTIVES that PROMOTE OVERPOPULATION : Governments tell the citizens :
If you breed , then we will pay you .
13 . ECONOMICS :
* CAPITALISM : A basic principle of capitalism is that growth is good ;
However excessive growth has dangerous consequences .
Extrapolating capitalistic principles : Human reproduction is good ;
But , excessive human reproduction also has dangerous consequences .
* GDP : Do we have unlimited children because we believe progeny are good for the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) ?
14 . OVERPOPULATION DENIAL
15 . OVERPOPULATION IGNORANCE
* PROBLEMS ASSOCIATED WITH OR EXACERBATED BY HUMAN OVERPOPULATION :
* NEGATIVE EFFECTS of Human Overpopulation : Problems associated with or exacerbated by human overpopulation include :
Air & water & land pollution , Global warming , Natural Resource depletion , Deforestation , Inadequate fresh water , Mass species extinctions , Desertification , Noise pollution , Increased Warfare , Elevated Crime rates , Starvation , Low Life Expectancy , Higher Infant & Child Mortality rates , Unhygienic Living conditions etc. . ( 15 )
*CATASTROPHIC PROBLEMS
Resulting from Human Overpopulation : Spence explains : “ Many …reputable scientists …cite human overpopulation as a root cause of many seemingly disparate , catastrophic problems that our planet currently faces ” .
Spence gives examples of human overpopulation caused problems including : extinction of species , warfare over resources , ruin of oceans through acidification , global warming , worldwide loss of potable water , proliferation of waste materials , etc. & states : “ Every one of these dilemmas point to one common denominator – Too many people using up too much ” . ( 16 )
* GLOBAL CHAOS THEORY : Amineh & Houweling , in the Introduction to their book about global politics , state : “ Other scholars working in the school of global chaos theory see , instead of principled violence , cases of anomie coming from the destitution produced by population growth , resource scarcity & environmental decay ” . ( 17 )
*” POPULUTION ” : Populution is the neologism made by combining the words Population x Pollution .
I define Populution as : # 1 . Excessive human overpopulation & irresponsible stewardship of the planet Earth ( e.g. over - consumption ) # 2 .
That causes lethal pollution & critical natural resource depletion # 3 .
These conditions then cause a breakdown of the social order , a failure of the rule of law , a disintegration of ecosystems & a subsequent collapse of the society .
Populution is the fatal , negative effects of human overpopulation , irresponsible stewardship & resultant pollution & resource depletion – which cause a society to go beyond the point of no return & cause a collapse of the society & it ’s ecosystems .
Populution causes an unsustainable state of the biosphere , the land & the water supply that results in severe , wide - spread , & long - term ecocide .
* ProFX defines Populution as “ Population growth that exceeds the earth ’s ecological carrying capacity ” .
( 18 ) The Coffee House Philosopher warns regarding Populution that it : “ Can not be stopped due to the second law of thermodynamics ” ( i.e. the law of entropy ) . ( 19 )
* SOLUTIONS TO THE PROBLEM OF HUMAN OVERPOPULATION :
* Zero Population Growth ( ZPG ) gives several solutions for the population problem including : family planning services , population education , international awareness , improving women ’s status & economic incentives . ( 20 )
* EDUCATION : Solution to Human Overpopulation : “ The evidence shows that we can help reduce population growth & world poverty by promoting literacy & female emancipation & access to birth control ” . ( 21 )
*EMPOWERMENT OF WOMEN : “ Women have equal say ( with their husbands ) in reproductive decisions ” .
( 22 ) Population education & access to family planning are other important ways to empower women .
* TAX REFORM LAWS : Reforming tax laws :
To encourage smaller families . ( 23 )
* ONE , NONE OR ADOPTION : Mary Shaw states in her essay about human overpopulation : “ Society needs to embrace the concept that it is perfectly acceptable – and , in fact , a positive thing -- for a couple to have only one child , or none .
Adoption should be encouraged for those who want more .
( 24 ) [ www.countercurrents.org: Society , Politics & the Overpopulation Problem by Mary Shaw ]
* STARVATION & DISEASE & WAR : Heinberg states : “ Overpopulation will eventually be solved by starvation & disease ” .
( 25 ) --
Or by War .
* GOD , CHAOS THEORY & PEAK OIL :
Or should we just let God , Chaos theory or Peak oil decide the nature of our reproductive activities & hence the number of children we each have ?
CONCLUDING REMARKS :
* RECKLESS OVER -REPRODUCTION : As Mary Shaw states : “ We need to get to a place where reckless over - reproduction is generally regarded as irresponsible & uncool ” . ( 26 )
* NEUROLOGICALLY HANDICAPPED : Also , Tim Murray warns :
“ We have n’t the intelligence to transcend our immediate wants ” & “ We are neurologically handicapped and unfit to reign over the planet ” .
( 27 )
The question I pose is : “ Can we humans : Educate & neurologically rewire ourselves & acquire the intelligence to transcend our reckless reproduction & avoid destroying the planet Earth ?
REFERENCES :
1. www.nj.com: AP News .
2. www.reuters.com: Reuters International News Headlines .
3. en.wikipedia.org : Boiling Frog. View Date : July 29 . 2007 .
4. www.google.com: Searches .
5. dieoff.org : Optimum Human Population Size by Daily et al. July 1994 .
Pg 4 .
6. His Holiness the Dalai Lama & Jean - Claude Carriere .
Violence & Compassion .
Doubleday C. 1996 Pg 29 , 33 .
7. www.utne.com American News Service .
Ecologist Says Unchecked Population Growth Could Bring Misery .
8. dieoff.org : Human Appropriation of the Products of Photosynthesis by Vitousek et al. 1986 .
Pg 7,1 .
9. Leakey , Richard & Lewin , Roger .
The Sixth Extinction .
Doubleday .
C 1995 , Pg 239 .
10 . www.sustainer.org: When All Nature Flows Through Human Hands by Donella Meadows .
11 . www.ecojusticeeducation.org: EcoJustice Education , Glossary : Anthropocentrism .
12 . biblecc.com : Genesis 1:28 , New American Standard Bible .
13 . www.americansforunfpa.org: Bush Cuts Funding for Women Around the World .
14 . abcnews.go.com : McCain Advisor Attempts to Clarify Viagra vs. Birth Control Comments by Jennifer Parker .
July 11 , 2008 .
15 . en.wikipedia.org : Overpopulation : Effects of Overpopulation .
16 . www.countercurrents.org: The Common Denominator by Emily Spence .
May 10 , 2007 .
17 . Amineh , Mehdi Parvizi & Houweling , Henk .
Central Eurasia in Global Politics .
Brill Academic Publ . C 2005 .
Pg 6 .
18 . www.urbandictionary.com: Populution .
July 10 , 2008 .
19 . www.urbandictionary.com: Populution .
Sept. 14 , 2008 .
20 . www.sixpak.org: Overpopulation : The World ’s Problem by Vince Busam .
Dec. 11 , 1995 .
21 . www.telegraph.co.uk: Global Over-Population is the Real Issue by Boris Johnson Oct. 25 , 2007
22. www.grinningplanet.com: World Population Growth July 5 , 2005 .
23 . www.grinningplanet.com: World Population Growth July 5 , 2005 .
24 . www.countercurrents.org: Society , Politics & the Overpopulation Problem by Mary Shaw July 11 , 2009
25 . www.chrismartenson.com: Richard Heinberg at his Best .
26 . www.countercurrents.org: Society , Politics & the Overpopulation Problem by Mary Shaw July 11 , 2009 .
27 . www.countercurrents.org: We Are Neurologically Fucked by Tim Murray .
July 20 , 2009 .
In San Luis Obispo County , a 20 - year - old drug abuser who was the sole caretaker for his seriously disabled father provided such poor care that , according to the grand jury in that county , the father frequently had bedsores , he was not properly cleaned , adult protective services had to be called in and , ultimately , he died before he was 60 years old .
Incredibly , the son was being paid by the state , through the In - Home Supportive Services Program , for this substandard care .
Though this kind of abuse of taxpayer dollars is not rampant , we know it exists .
So how could the Legislature in good conscience propose its latest budget fix -- one that would increase taxes , cut children off our healthcare rolls , reduce funding to education and put more strain on law enforcement -- without first eliminating this kind of fraud and waste ?
Legislators are continuing to draft solutions to our now $ 26.3 - billion state budget deficit .
We ’re close to filling the gap , but I will not sign a package that raises taxes or fails to address the entire deficit .
There is a need for compromise , and I have proposed a path forward that would include ensuring that tax dollars go to citizens in need of services and not to waste , fraud or excessive compensation for those who provide those services .
These reforms wo n’t entirely address falling revenues and rising costs , but they will help immediately , and especially in the years to come .
It ’s time we take action on them .
Take the CalWorks program , for example , which is designed to give low - income Californians a helping hand , temporarily , as they get back on their feet .
Of the approximately 525,000 cases that currently involve cash assistance from CalWorks , only 22 % are meeting the minimum program requirements .
That means 78 % are n’t trying to get on their feet at all .
They ’re not working , not looking for work , not seeking job training , not performing community service and not pursuing an education .
Advertisement
So here is a simple , common - sense reform :
Make sure every Californian getting a CalWorks check has to check in just twice a year so a supervisor can keep tabs on their progress .
If they make zero progress , their benefits run out after two years rather than the current five .
By doing this , we could save $ 850 million over the next two budget years , and ultimately $ 1.5 billion per year -- and we could also save the CalWorks program .
Medi-Cal is another example .
It ’s an essential program to nearly 7 million Californians , but it ’s growing by 8 % per year because of rising healthcare costs , increased caseloads and various changes to the program .
It ’s now unaffordable and unsustainable .
I ’ve proposed a couple of simple fixes , one of which is to centralize and modernize the outdated , pen-and - paper eligibility process that is currently run by 27,000 employees scattered throughout our 58 counties .
This one change would save approximately $ 500 million per year .
These ideas are not new .
But there has never been a Legislature willing to betray its masters and work for the benefit of the people over certain special interests .
That ’s certainly true of reforming retirement promises to state employees .
No long - term fix is more important to our state ’s solvency .
That ’s why I ’ve proposed -- for new hires only -- to change our unsustainable retiree pension formulas and to require proper funding of promises when they ’re made .
In 1999 , state employees ’ pensions were increased to a point where some employees could retire after 30 years , at as young as 50 or 55 , and continue to earn 90 % of their highest salary plus cost - of - living increases for the rest of their lives .
That ’s debt the state is obligated to pay although there is no money to pay for it .
The debate on this increase on the floor of the state Senate in 1999 took only one minute .
By simply taking another 60 seconds to return pension formulas for new hires to their pre-1999 rates , we would see a savings of nearly $ 95 billion in reduced pensions by 2040 , with more billions to be saved beyond that .
Advertisement
When it comes to In - Home Support Services , grand juries in six counties have found that the program has no safeguard against fraud .
Care providers are able to collect state checks under aliases , and some providers bill the state for far more hours than they worked -- with no oversight .
The current state of the program puts clients “ at risk of physical and financial injury , ” according to Ventura County ’s grand jury .
Requiring background checks of providers and hiring more fraud investigators could save the state hundreds of millions of dollars this year alone .
Legislators want to save programs .
Well , let ’s save them , but let ’s do it by getting rid of the fraud and waste , with common - sense reforms that will make government more efficient and reduce costs .
Put together , the ideas I ’ve laid out will save approximately $ 2 billion in this current year -- toward our $ 26.3 - billion problem -- and phenomenally more in coming years .
The writer Arthur C. Clarke said good ideas come in three phases : 1 ) “ It ca n’t be done , ” 2 ) “ Sure , it can be done , but it ’s not worth doing , ” and 3 ) “ I said all along that it was a good idea . ”
In Sacramento , legislators are still stuck at No. 2 when it comes to reforming some of state government ’s bureaucracy .
But I ’m confident it wo n’t be very long until we ’re all agreed that these reform proposals have been good ideas all along .
Renowned sexologist and sociologist Li Yinhe ( 李银河 ) in a recent blogpost on the lives of tongqi ( 同妻 ) , heterosexual women who find themselves married to gay Chinese men ( translation adapted from Yawning Bread ) :
I attended a forum that discussed the problem of ‘ homowives ‘ .
The so - called ’ homowife ‘ ( tongqi 同妻 ) is the wife ( qi 妻 ) of a homosexual ( tongzhi 同志 ) .
It has been said that China has 20 million male homosexuals , of whom 80 per cent would marry a woman .
These women are the ’ homowives ‘ , and there are 16 million of them .
The ‘ homowife ’ phenomenon is a phenomenon unique to China , seldom witnessed in other countries .
In other countries , homosexuals would remain single or live together or marry other homosexuals .
Very few would enter into a heterosexual marriage .
This difference comes about because Chinese culture places such a great emphasis on marriage and reproduction , as to make them compulsory .
During my visit to Hungary , I found out that only 10 per cent of people of marriageable age got hitched .
The rest fell into three categories : single , cohabiting ( living together ) , LAT ( lovers who live apart ) .
In such a society , gay people do not have any need at all to enter into a heterosexual marriage .
People would not gossip about them and parents do not apply pressure .
Unfortunately our Chinese culture is oppressive with its dictum on men and women having to get married when they reach a certain age and naming the lack of progeny as the most serious breach of filial piety – “ there are three kinds of unfilial behaviour and the greatest is have no descendant ” .
This has compelled an entire community of male homosexuals to marry women to have children .
The condition for ‘ homowives ’ is extremely tragic .
At the seminar , there were ‘ homowives ’ who burst into tears as they spoke , leading all of them to hug each other for a good cry .
Most days , they wash their faces with tears .
I heard what I considered the most shocking testimony that from a woman who told of how she even doubted her ability to attract men — why would n’t her husband even want to look at her or touch her ?
Am I really that unworthy as a woman ?
She assumed that all men would treat her like that , not knowing that this is far from the truth .
She did not dream that her husband would be gay .
Under the circumstances , even the most beautiful and accomplished woman would not arouse him .
Homowives have started to get organized in an effort to help themselves and help others .
They have started a website and a helpline to assist fellow women who have fallen into the same predicament .
Their highest priority is to prevent women from marrying homosexuals , help those who suspect the sexual orientation of their boyfriends to analyse their situation better ; and in the event that the other party is a confirmed homosexual , to dissuade the woman from entering a marriage with the man .
Secondly , they would like to extend a helping hand to those women who are already married to homosexuals and who would like a divorce .
This includes helping them to make up their minds , relieving the pressure on them and reduce the financial and psychological damage that comes with divorce .
Thirdly , they would like to address the problems of homowives who do not want a divorce for a variety of reasons .
This would include helping them to analyse the cost of keeping such a marriage going , how to communicate with their husbands and how to get along with their children .
They proposed a slogan : ‘ Homowife ends with me ’ .
This slogan is full of hurt and also extends concern to those who may follow in their footsteps .
The slogan gives one a feeling that it is a noble cause .
I hope the majority of male homosexuals do not enter into heterosexual marriages any more and spare a thought for the feelings of the homowife .
Original Chinese text after the jump :
参加了一个 “ 同妻 ” 问题研讨会。所 谓 “ 同 妻 ” 是同性恋者的妻子之意。据说，中国有2000万男同性恋者，其中80%会与异性恋女人结婚，她们就是“ 同妻” ，1600 万人哪。
同妻现象是一个最富中国特色的现象，在世界任何其他国家都很少见到，因为其他国家的同性恋者或者独身，或者与同性同居，或者与同性结婚，很少进入异性婚姻。造成这种区别的原因是中国文化特别强调结婚和生育，到了强迫症的程度。
在匈牙利访问时，得知所有适宜结婚年龄的人当中只有一成多的人进入婚姻，其余的人处于三种状态：独身，同居，LAT（分开居住的伴侣）。在这样的社会，作为一位同性恋者就完全没有必要进入异性婚姻，别人不会说三道四，家长也不会给他压力。无奈咱们中国文化就是这么强迫症似的“男大当婚，女大当嫁”
，就是这么强迫症似的“
不孝有三，无后为大” ，逼着一批男同性恋者与女人结婚，还生了小孩。
同妻处境极为悲惨，会上有的同妻经常说着说着就流下眼泪，继而所有的人抱头痛哭。她们在日常生活中也经常以泪洗面。我听到的一段让我最震撼的同妻叙述是讲到她甚至怀疑自己作为一个女人的魅力——为什么丈夫就连看都不愿意看我一眼，碰都不愿意碰我一下呢？我作为一个女人就这么不及格吗？她以为所有的男人都会这样看她，哪里知道事实并非如此，哪里知道丈夫是同性恋，就是再优秀的女人都引不起他的欲望。
同妻们现在已经行动起来，自救救人。她们开网站，开热线电话，帮助陷入相同处境的姐妹。
她们要做的事情首先是设法阻止女人与同性恋男人结婚，帮助那些对男友性倾向有怀疑的女人分析辨别，如果能确定对方是同性恋就劝阻她们结婚。
其次，对于那些已经陷入与同性恋的婚姻而希望离婚的女性提供帮助，帮她们出主意，宽解她们的压力，减少离婚所带来的物质和心理伤害。
再次，对于那些陷入与同性恋的婚姻又因为种种原因不想离婚的女性，帮她们分析保持这个婚姻的利弊，与丈夫的沟通方式，与孩子的相处方式等等。
她们提出了一个口号：同妻到我为止。这个口号充满了悲怆和对后来者的悲悯，甚至让人感到一点点悲壮的意味。
希望广大男同性恋者不要再进入异性婚姻，要考虑同妻的感受。
NAMCO BANDAI Games America Inc. announced today two TEKKEN ® 6 pre-order campaigns that are sure to entice every video game enthusiast .
Available at retailers nationwide , a TEKKEN 6 Wireless Fight Stick Bundle will provide a complete home arcade experience .
As a GameStop pre-order exclusive , customers will receive a 2009 - 2010 TEKKEN 6 collectable calendar as well as downloadable content designed by revered webcomic , Penny Arcade .
Both pre-order offerings will only be available while supplies last .
TEKKEN 6 for the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION®3 computer entertainment system will be released throughout North America on October 27 , 2009 with the Europe , Japan and Asia release to follow shortly thereafter .
The premium TEKKEN 6 fight stick bundle for Xbox 360 and PLAYSTATION 3 will provide even more pulse - pounding experiences with every bone jarring punch .
Each set , retailing for $ 149.99 , will include a copy of the game , a HORI wireless fight stick and a detailed art book .
Inspired by the alter - ego of the Penny Arcade character Jonathan ‘ Gabe ’ Gabriel , the downloadable Penny Arcade “ Samurai Pack ” will allow the legendary warrior Yoshimitsu to don the iconic outfit of the “ Cardboard Tube Samurai . ”
The pack also contains limited edition Samurai Battle Banners which can be used to customize each of the 40 unique fighters in the game .
A must - have for fighting aficionados , TEKKEN 6 sees the return of many familiar faces and new characters to create the largest line - up in franchise history .
Adding to the already robust gaming experience , dynamic and destructible environments will enable players to punch their enemies through concrete walls or kick them through floors to open a whole new battleground .
Players can also take the battle online for classic match - ups and to compete for world domination .
Furthermore , an impressive real - time motion blur effect has been implemented to provide the richest visuals the series has ever seen .
Featuring a new Scenario Campaign mode , players are introduced to a unique hybrid control system that combines conventional fighting game controls with free movement .
This system allows them to progress through the story and mow down hordes of enemies while still enjoying fighting game action either alone or cooperatively online .
For the first time in the series , players will have an arsenal of staffs , machine guns , flame throwers , and even giant robots at their disposal .
TEKKEN 6 will also be available for the PSP ® ( PlayStation ®Portable ) system this fall .
Optimized for the PSP system , the game will not only contain the explosive action of its home console brethren but also feature additional stages , content , items , and an ad - hoc multiplayer mode .
[ Source ]
In any discussion of , or human sciences in general , it is very important to avoid two logical fallacies .
They are called the naturalistic fallacy and the moralistic fallacy .
The naturalistic fallacy , which was coined by the English philosopher George Edward Moore in the early 20th century though first identified much earlier by the Scottish philosopher David Hume , is the leap from is to ought – that is , the tendency to believe that what is natural is good ; that what is , ought to be .
For example , one might commit the error of the naturalist fallacy and say , “ Because people are genetically different and endowed with different innate abilities and talents , they ought to be treated differently . ”
The moralistic fallacy , coined by the Harvard microbiologist Bernard Davis in the 1970s , is the opposite of the naturalistic fallacy .
It refers to the leap from ought to is , the claim that the way things should be is the way they are .
This is the tendency to believe that what is good is natural ; that what ought to be , is .
For example , one might commit the error of the moralistic fallacy and say , “ Because everybody ought to be treated equally , there are no innate genetic differences between people . ”
The science writer extraordinaire Matt Ridley calls it the reverse naturalistic fallacy .
Both are logical fallacies , and they get in the way of progress in science in general , and in evolutionary psychology in particular .
However , as Ridley astutely points out , political conservatives are more likely to commit the naturalistic fallacy ( “ Nature designed men to be competitive and women to be nurturing , so women ought to stay home to take care of the children and leave to men ” ) , while political liberals are equally likely to commit the moralistic fallacy ( “ The Western liberal democratic principles hold that men and women ought to be treated equally under the law , and therefore men and women are biologically identical and any study that demonstrates otherwise is a priori false ” ) .
Since academics , and social scientists in particular , are overwhelmingly left - wing liberals , the moralistic fallacy has been a much greater problem in academic discussions of evolutionary psychology than the naturalistic fallacy .
Most academics are above committing the naturalistic fallacy , but they are not above committing the moralistic fallacy .
The social scientists ’ stubborn refusal to accept and race differences in behavior , temperament , and cognitive abilities , and their tendency to be blind to the empirical reality of stereotypes , reflect their moralistic fallacy driven by their liberal political convictions .
It is actually very easy to avoid both fallacies – both leaps of logic – by simply never talking about what ought to be at all and only talking about what is .
It is not possible to make either the naturalistic or the moralistic fallacy if scientists never talk about ought .
Scientists – real scientists – do not draw moral conclusions and implications from the empirical observations they make , and they are not guided in their observations by moral and political principles .
Real scientists only care about what is , and do not at all care about what ought to be .
There are only two legitimate criteria by which to evaluate scientific ideas and theories : logic and evidence .
Accordingly , you may justifiably criticize evolutionary psychological theories ( or any other theories in science ) if they are logically inconsistent within themselves or if there is credible scientific evidence against them .
As a scientist , as the scientific fundamentalist , I take all such criticisms seriously .
However , you cannot criticize scientific theories , whether mine or otherwise , simply because their implications are immoral , ugly , contrary to our ideals , or offensive to some or all .
As regular readers of this blog already know very well by now , the implications of many of the scientific ideas and theories , whether mine or otherwise , are indeed immoral , ugly , contrary to our ideals , or offensive either to men or women ( or some other groups of people ) .
I simply do not care .
If what I say is wrong ( because it is illogical or lacks credible scientific evidence ) , then it is my problem .
If what I say offends you , it is your problem .
Truth is the only guiding principle in science , and it is the most important thing for all scientists .
In fact , it is the only important thing ; nothing else matters in science besides the truth .
However , I also believe that any solution to a social problem must start with the correct assessment of the problem itself and its possible causes .
We can never devise a correct solution to a problem if we do n’t know what its ultimate causes are .
So the true observations are important foundations of both basic science and social policy , if you do care about solving social problems , which of course I do n’t .
But Holden won over the young , especially the 1960s generation who saw themselves in the disaffected preppy , according to the cultural critic Morris Dickstein .
“ The skepticism , the belief in the purity of the soul against the tawdry , trashy culture plays very well in the counterculture and post - counterculture generation , ” said Mr. Dickstein , who teaches at the Graduate Center of the University of the City of New York .
Today , “ I would n’t say we have a more gullible youth culture , but it may be more of a joining or togetherness culture . ”
The culture is also more competitive .
These days , teenagers seem more interested in getting into Harvard than in flunking out of Pencey Prep .
Young people , with their compulsive text - messaging and hyperactive pop culture metabolism , are more enchanted by wide - eyed , quidditch - playing Harry Potter of Hogwarts than by the smirking manager of Pencey ’s fencing team ( who was lame enough to lose the team ’s equipment on the subway , after all ) .
Today ’s pop culture heroes , it seems , are the nerds who conquer the world  like Harry  not the beautiful losers who reject it .
Image HARRYS PLACE
A nerd conqueror wins out over a smirking malcontent .
Perhaps Holden would not have felt quite so alone if he were growing up today .
After all , Mr. Salinger was writing long before the rise of a multibillion - dollar cultural - entertainment complex largely catering to the taste of teenage boys .
These days , adults may lament the slasher movies and dumb sex comedies that have taken over the multiplex , but back then teenagers found themselves stranded between adult things and childish pleasures .
As Stephanie Savage , an executive producer of the “ Gossip Girl ” television series , told National Public Radio last year , in Holden ’s world “ you can either go to the carousel in Central Park , or you can choose the Wicker Bar .
You can have a skating date , or you can have a prostitute come up to your hotel room .
There ’s really not that sense of teen culture that there is now . ”
Some critics say that if Holden is less popular these days , the fault lies with our own impatience with the idea of a lifelong quest for identity and meaning that Holden represents .
Barbara Feinberg , an expert on children ’s literature who has observed numerous class discussions of “ Catcher , ” pointed to a story about a Holden - loving loser in the Onion headlined “ Search for Self Called Off After 38 Years . ”
BAGHDAD  Shiite clerics and politicians have been successfully urging their followers not to retaliate against a fierce campaign of sectarian bombings , in which Shiites have accounted for most of the 566 Iraqis killed since American troops pulled out of Iraq ’s cities on June 30 .
“ Let them kill us , ” said Sheik Khudair al - Allawi , the imam of a mosque bombed recently .
“ It ’s a waste of their time .
The sectarian card is an old card and no one is going to play it anymore .
We know what they want , and we ’ll just be patient .
But they will all go to hell . ”
The patience of the Shiites today is in extraordinary contrast to Iraq ’s recent past .
With a demographic majority of 60 percent and control of the government , power is theirs for the first time in a thousand years .
Going back to sectarian war is , as both Sunni extremists and Shiite victims know , the one way they could lose all that , especially if they were to drag their Sunni Arab neighbors into a messy regional conflict .
It is a far cry from 2006 , when a bomb set off at the sacred Shiite shrine in Samarra killed no one , but ignited a fury at the sacrilege that set off two years of sectarian warfare .
For any hockey fans reading this , if you happened to catch the 2009 NHL Entry Draft , you might have seen Brian Burke at the podium , and heard him say " The Toronto Maple Leafs ... are pleased to select from the London Knights of the Ontario Hockey League , Nazem Kadri . "
With the 7th pick in the 2009 Draft , the Toronto Maple Leafs have selected the highest - profile Muslim player in NHL history .
The reason I say highest profile , and not first , is because Kadri is not the first Muslim to play in the NHL .
That distinction , as far as my research indicates , belongs to Alain Nasreddine , who , like Kadri , is also Lebanese - Canadian - Muslim .
Nasreddine was the first Muslim in the NHL , having been drafted 135th overall by the Florida Panthers in the 1993 Entry Draft .
He is currently still playing professionally , albeit for the Pittsburgh Penguins ' AHL affiliate team .
Thus far in his career , Nasreddine has played only 74 games with 4 different teams and scored only 9 points .
But back to Kadri .
When first selected , video captured him being congratulated by his family , including his grandmother , who could be seen hugging and kissing him while fully covered , wearing a jilbab .
Such an image is powerful , in that it basically sums up the trend of Muslims in Canada .
It shows how immigrant Muslims and their Canadian - born children are seamlessly integrating into Canada and Canadian culture .
And they are doing so without feeling the need to entirely shed their old cultures , and without feeling like social outsiders in the process .
You'd be hard - pressed to find similar images in the United States ; especially for someone of Arab descent .
And you'd be even further pressed to find a similar situation in Europe , where Muslims are finding themselves increasingly becoming outcast .
I think it also shows the increasing popularity of hockey amongst young Canadian Muslims .
Muslim youth have really taken to the game , but like many other immigrant groups , the price for playing is too steep for too many families .
However , that does n't mean the youth do n't find other ways to play .
There are plenty of streets around the GTA that are housing road hockey games .
Playgrounds in schools are filled with children who use jackets as goal posts and baseball caps as goalie gloves .
And there are plenty of ball - hockey leagues and teams that are comprised almost entirely of Muslims .
Just this year , Team Pakistan , a team housed entirely of young Pakistani - Canadians from the Greater Toronto Area , went to compete in the 2009 World Ball Hockey Championships in Pilson , Czech Republic .
They came in 14th place this year .
While I 'm sure Kadri is going to be a very good player at the NHL level , I 'm sure marketing and tapping into untapped demographics was a key factor in Brian Burke 's and the Toronto Maple Leafs decision .
After all , there are more than 250,000 Muslims living in Toronto and the Greater Toronto Area , so hockey is gaining momentum amongst Canadian Muslim youth .
Naturally , the next logical step , would now be to find a face to market .
Kadri could be that person , should he develop into the type of player Burke thinks he can be .
The NHL and its affiliates in the GTA have already recognized the sizable South Asian community , and have already started to do simulcasts of Hockey Night in Canada in Punjabi .
So there is precedent for programs designed to tap into these markets .
Being a high pick in a deep draft for the most popular franchise in hockey , is a lot of pressure to put on Kadri .
But if he can make it to star , or even superstar status , he can be the face to which hockey is promoted to Muslim communities and , maybe even the Muslim World .
It means his value to the franchise and the league could very well extend far beyond the reach of current NHL markets .
As a Leaf fan and as a young Muslim , I know I 'll be watching closely to see how Kadri will be marketed , and how he develops .
But more importantly , I 'll be watching to see if he can be the leader the Blue and White need to end their championship drought .
' 67 was along time ago and we need someone to bring the Stanley Cup home .
I 'm doing du'ah that Kadri will be the one to do it .
Inshallah .
Below are Nazem Kadri's OHL Career Statistics .
Regular Season Stats Season Team GP G A PTS +/- PIM 2006 - 07 Regular Season Kitchener Rangers 62 7 15 22 11 30 2007 -08 Regular Season Kitchener Rangers 68 25 40 65 9 57 2008-09 Regular Season London Knights 56 25 53 78 13 31 2008-09 All - Star Classic Western Conference All - Stars 1 1 0 1 0 0
( Written for a postbachelor drug addiction science psychology class in May 2009 . )
Common alcoholic beverages contain ethanol , a central nervous system depressant .
The word alcohol can refer to a large number of organic compounds besides ethanol , but in this paper the term alcohol will be used synonymously with ethanol .
The earliest evidence of alcohol use was around 9000 years ago in Northern China .
Jars which were used to store wine were found at an old Chinese settlement named Jaihu , founded in 7000 BC , flooded and subsequently abandoned in 5800 BC .
Analysis of the Jars by scientists at the University of Pennsylvania found residue of an alcoholic drink made from rice , honey , and hawthorn berries .
The alcoholic drink was made using a specific type of mold to break down rice carbohydrates into simple sugars which could then be fermented ( 9000 - year ) .
Marijuana is considered a psychedelic hallucinogen .
Psychedelics alter thought processes and perceptions of reality .
The earliest evidence of marijuana use can be traced back to an ancient burial site in present day Romania where burned marijuana seeds were discovered .
The earliest evidence besides the site discovered in Romanian , is in China where seed and leaf fragments were discovered alongside a mummified shaman found in the northwestern Xinjiang region of China , and identified to be 2500 years old ( Hong - En , 2006 ) .
Marijuana has been used medicinally in China since at least 28 BC , where it was used to treat constipation , female weakness , gout , malaria , rheumatism , and absent mindedness ( Voth , 1997 ) .
Ethanol is a very small organic molecule that is able to easily permeate the blood brain barrier , and reach all areas of the brain .
Alcohol has been used as a pain killer , an expectorant , to reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases ( La Porte , 1985 ) , to lower blood pressure ( Gillman , 1995 ) , to help people with diabetes ( Kopper , 2005 ) , decrease stress and depression ( Lipton , 1994 ) , temporarily relieve anxiety ( Chastain , 2006 ) , and more .
Marijuana contains many cannabinoids , which bind to cannabis receptors ; at least 66 cannabinoids have already been isolated in marijuana .
The most well known cannabinoid is tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , which is considered the primary psychoactive component of the marijuana plant .
There are many …
The article continues on the next page …
Alex Jones
An honest investigator of crimes ?
Or a criminal trying to confuse us and protect his network ?
Alex Jones is typical of investigators in this 9/11 truth movement .
Specifically , he has been exposing 9/11 and other crimes for many years .
He is an experienced investigator .
This page has some audio and video excerpts of Alex Jones to help you understand that he is trying to shift the blame away from Zionists and onto other people , mainly Americans , but also some British and Chinese .
Most of the people in the " truth movement " are doing exactly as he does , so try to understand this technique so that you are not fooled by it .
For a recent example , on 21 September 2007 , Alex Jones tries to convince us that the Zionists are actually subservient to other people , such as the Queen of England :
Jones - Arabs - not - Zionists -21Sep2007.mp3 only 540 kbytes
On 30 August 2007 , he gives an emotional rant about how he is tired of these criminals ruling over us , but listen to who the criminals are :
Jones - 30Aug2007.mp3 only 540 kbytes
Update January 12 , 2010 : Millions of people now realize that they have been lied to about 9/11 , and that politicians are puppets , so Jones , on his radio show for January 12 , 2010 , tries to convince his audience that people are starting to discover that the bankers are the " Globalists " , and are controlling the political puppets .
Jones - blame - bankers - 12Jan2010.mp3 290 kb
Can you see the trick ?
He is trying to tell you what to think .
And he 's trying to convince you that it is the bankers that we need to investigate and arrest .
If people are fooled by this trick , then a small group of bankers will be arrested , and possibly millions of other criminals will get away .
The only way to protect ourselves is to investigate everybody !
Do n't believe somebody when he tells you that he knows who the criminals are !
In 2008 everybody is under pressure to talk about Israel 's involvement in 9/11 Millions of people around the world now know that Israel played a role in 9/11 , and so the pressure is on Alex Jones to explain Israel 's involvement .
Here is one audio file with several excerpts from his radio show on 18 January 2008 :
Jones - Roberts - excerpts -18Jan2008.mp3 only 470 kbytes Jones is talking with Paul Craig Roberts , another liar who protects Israel and Zionism .
Roberts implies that only a tiny group within Israel wanted the war with Iraq .
Jones talks about interlocking collusions , Straussian groups , splits between the elites , soft - power Fabian elites , and other nonsense to trick us into believing that Israel is a victim of a small group of evil people .
Then on 27 January 2008 somebody called in to the Alex Jones show to complain that Israel was involved in 9/11 , after Alex went on a rant to defend Israel :
Jones - on - Isreal - 27Jan2008.mp3 only 460 kbytes
He talks a lot , but what do you actually learn from him ?
His technique is to mix confusion with remarks that make Israel look innocent .
Jones explains the attack on the USS Liberty One of his recent videos that try to make us fearful of the police and military , Terror Storm , explains who was behind the attack on the USS Liberty and other crimes .
Please listen to this audio excerpt in which he summarizes the attack on the USS Liberty in 1967 : " In a nutshell , this is what happened .
President Johnson had personal control over the ship , parked it in the Mediterranean , made a backroom deal with Israel to attack it , with an order to kill all aboard .
Then the attack on the ship was to be blamed on Egypt , the US would enter the war , and take over the entire Middle East . "
AlexJones - TerrorStorm-USS-Liberty.mp3
only 54 kbytes
You can watch his entire video for free at Google video :
video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-7048572757566726569
Consider what Alex Jones is telling us : 1 ) President Johnson had personal control over a Navy ship .
Why would the US military give Johnson " personal control " over one of their ships ?
Does any president have personal control over any Navy ship , Air Force plane , or army tank ?
2 ) Johnson made a backroom deal with Israel to attack the ship and kill everybody on board .
Unfortunately , Jones does not provide any evidence that there was a " backroom deal " .
He does not provide any documents , nor does he explain how President Johnson convinced the Israeli government and Israeli military to commit such an incredible crime against their best friend .
The absurdity of his accusation should become more apparent if you imagine yourself in Israel 's position .
Imagine yourself getting a call from the leader of a nation you regard as a friend , such as New Zealand .
The New Zealand president asks you to get your friends together , go over to one of their military bases , and kill all the New Zealand soldiers on the base .
New Zealand will then blame the attack on Bolivia , and then take over all of South America .
Would you and your friends commit such a crime ?
Would n't you be wondering , " Why should I and my friends risk such a disgusting crime for the President of New Zealand ? "
Alex Jones expects us to believe that the Israel government and military are submissive and innocent victims of the selfish , murderous , and cruel American government officials .
Alex Jones wants us to feel sorry for the Israelis .
Those of you who trust Alex Jones might want to take a moment to shed some tears for the innocent Zionists .
Some people claim that President Johnson 's support for the Vietnam War is evidence that he wanted war , but the evidence suggests that Johnson was just another criminal who was promoted to president because he would gladly follow orders from his Zionist masters .
Furthermore , the evidence suggests that it was Zionists who wanted the Vietnam War , not " the Pentagon " .
Kay Griggs says that the Vietnam War was pushed on America by such Jews as Henry Kissinger and Walt Whitman Rostow .
Please listen to the free excerpts of her interview :
HugeQuestions.com
American government officials and our media are under the control of Zionists , not the other way around .
3 ) The US would take over the entire Middle East .
Alex Jones says that the purpose for attacking the USS Liberty was to allow the USA to take over the entire Middle East .
America was fighting the Vietnam War at the time , so starting a war in the Middle East would mean the USA would have to fight two very big wars .
However , Alex Jones has no evidence that President Johnson had plans to start a second war and take over the entire Middle East .
What was President Johnson going to do with the Middle East after he took control ?
Was the Middle East going to become America 's 51st state ?
If President Johnson was truly interested in conquering other nations , why would he pick the Middle East rather than Canada or Mexico ?
Why would n't he take South America ?
Why not Europe ?
How much proof do you need ?
In June 2006 there was a 9/11 event in Chicago , and Alex Jones once again explained that Israel is innocent in the attack on the USS liberty :
Jones at the Chicago 9- 11 event , June 2006 ( wmv video , 3.4 mb )
Alex Jones works with the John Birch Society ?!
In April 2006 Jones interviewed John McManus , the president of the John Birch Society .
Jones told him :
" I want to work with you guys , to see you grow . "
infowars.com/articles/commentary/alex_jones_interviews_mcmanus.htm
McManus replied that he was :
" looking forward to seeing the relationship continue " .
What relationship ?
Why would Jones be working with the John Birch Society ?
Jones avoids articles from Hufschmid and Bollyn , but he promotes articles from the John Birch Society , such as this silly article about the 4th of July :
infowars.net/articles/july2007/040707Meaning.htm
The John Birch Society is lying about the September 11 attack , and other Jewish crimes .
It may have been an honest organization when it was founded , but it is definitely controlled by Zionists today .
The John Birch Society does n't blame Israel or Zionists for anything , which is why David Eisenberg joined and was promoted to the JBS Council :
jbs.org/node/1285
 My name is David Eisenberg , and I certify that the John Birch Society is good for Jews ! 
Update !
Bob Dacy , an Alex Jones associate , admits to being part of the John Birch Society :
Globalists-identified.html #Update Since , Bob Dacy -- a close associate of Jones -- is part of the JBS , we should assume Alex Jones is , also .
The JBS appears to be another of the many Israeli / Zionist organizations designed to control , manipulate , and confuse us .
Everybody who works with or promotes Alex Jones , Bob Dacy , or the JBS should be regarded as an enemy .
Alex Jones is married to a Jew
The fact that his wife is Jewish does n't prove that he is a criminal , but it provides a possible explanation for why he is protecting Jewish crimes .
Specifically , he may not be bribed , or blackmailed , or afraid of Jews .
Rather , he and his wife may be members of the Jewish crime network .
An anonymous person looked into his wife 's family and sent me this information about her .
Note that Jones admitted :
" yeah , my wife was their attack dog , heh , heh ... "
Can you see that Jones manipulates phone calls ?
The television and radio talk shows and news programs are regularly interviewing people , and they create the impression that they will interview virtually anybody with something important to say , and that they interview them in a fair and impartial manner .
However , they interview only certain people , and they manipulate the people who try to say something that they do n't want us to hear .
It 's important that you understand this trick so that they do n't manipulate you .
For example , listen to Alex Jones cut off a man who asked why Jay Walder , who might have connections to the London 7 - 7 bombing , was hired by New York city officials - and for a salary of $ 350,000 !:
Jones - Jay - Walder -20Sep2009.mp3 160 kb
Alex Jones tried to frighten people with Y2K Remember Y2K ?
That was the day when airplanes would fall out of the sky ; electric power would stop ; and nuclear war would start .
In January 2000 , Bill Cooper pointed out on his radio show that Alex Jones was a " fear monger " pushing this Y2 K nonsense .
Listen to Alex Jones try to create hysteria for Y2K :
Bill -Cooper_Alex-Jones -1999 - part1.mp3 7.1 mb
Cooper predicts false flag op blamed on bin Laden On June 28 , 2001 Bill Cooper said that he expected some gigantic false flag attack to be blamed on Osama Bin Laden .
Alex Jones claims to be the first person who expected an attack by Osama , but Alex made his prediction after Bill Cooper .
Alex Jones may have been trying to divert attention away from Bill Cooper :
uk.youtube.com/watch?v=Zy4EyBstOsA
If that video is removed again , here is the audio excerpt of Cooper ( there is nothing to see because it is from a radio show ) :
Cooper_predicts_Osama_false_flag.mp3 only 420 kb  Follow me , not Bill Cooper !
And buy my DVD , Terror Storm ! 
Bill Cooper was originally promoting propaganda , such as UFOs , and later he came to the conclusion that he was a useful idiot who was being lied to , and that may be why Bill Cooper was killed by the Arizona police in November 2001 :
hourofthetime.com/williamcooper.html
By the way , a man named Troy made a video parody of Alex Jones based on a show Alex did on 10 Dec 2007 .
Troy calls a lot of radio shows to cause trouble , so you cannot trust him , but you might enjoy his accurate imitation of Jones .
He posted his video on youtube , but he later removed it , so until I find another copy , here are two short excerpts :
 Troy - 1.wmv 2 mb
 Troy - 2.wmv 1 mb
Jones is a Zionist Denier
There is a definite and obvious pattern with Alex Jones .
He is constantly shifting blame away from Israel , Zionists , and Jews , and onto the Goyim or onto mysterious entities , such as " The New World Order " .
How could such an experienced investigator as Alex Jones possibly be oblivious to the role of Zionism in world corruption ?
How could he possibly believe that all of the world 's problems are coming from goyim ?
There is only one explanation for Alex Jones and his Zionist Denial : he is a Zionist , and his organization in Austin , Texas is a Zionist terrorist cell .
Israel is innocent ?
Jones has been studying crime and corruption for so many years , so he should have a better understanding of the role of Zionism than any of us .
However , Jones does not believe that Zionists have much of an influence on America .
For example , listen to Alex Jones on 4 April 2006 as he responds to a caller who asked about this report that claims Israel is influencing American foreign policy :
AlexJones_4Apr2006.mp3 only 159 kbytes
He starts to answer the question , and then abruptly shifts the blame for the world 's problems to other groups , such as the Chinese : " sir , listen , the Communist Chinese have most our major ports ... " and the King of Spain : " ... our highways are being taken over by the king of Spain ... "
He then asks his guest , David Ray Griffin , who wrote The New Pearl Harbor , for his comments , but David Ray Griffin will not talk about Zionism , either .
In fact , nobody that goes on the Alex Jones radio show will seriously talk about Zionism .
Coincidence ?
No !
Jones has a radio show on the Genesis Communications Network .
If you have access to their archives , listen to the 2nd and 3rd hours of the Friday , February 9 , 2006 show during which he interviews Robert Gaylon Ross .
There are several times during that show where he seems to be doing " damage control " ; ie , he deflects criticism away from Zionism and Israel .
For example , in this excerpt , Jones tells us that the " Luciferian Controllers " are responsible for the world 's problems :
Jones_Luciferians_kill_Jews.mp3 , only 170 kb Jones brings up the X - raying of 110,000 Sephardic Jewish children , but he tells us that the US Government paid for the operation .
This implies that the Americans were somehow involved .
However , Jones fails to tell us who in the American government helped to fund it , and why they helped .
Most likely the funding was coming from Zionists , Crypto Jews , Crypto Zionists , and / or their puppets within the US government .
However , by saying the US Government funded it , Jones deflects blame away from Zionists and onto the American government .
Notice that Jones also asks , " Why , why are they always trying to kill Jews ? "
This brings pity to the innocent Jews who are perpetual victims of the mysterious " they " .
Jones says that " they " are always trying to kill Jews , but he fails to mention that the " they " are the Zionists .
During that interview , Robert Gaylon
Ross mentions that there is evidence that Hitler was an illegitimate child of one of the Rothschilds .
This is very significant because if the Zionists played a large role in helping Hitler and the Nazi party , as well as the Communist Party , World War I , World War II , and virtually every other war and disaster of the 20th century , the Zionists are not the innocent victims they pretend to be .
However , Jones does damage control by changing the issue to the X - raying of Sephardic children in Israel , and making it appear as if the mysterious " they " are responsible for the X - raying .
He fumbles for words as he tries to bring pity to Israel : " Well , I mean , this group openly went and killed a hundred plus thousand .. and .. or radiated , these ... these ... these ... Sephardi .
They ... every time we look they 're killing Jews .
And then I do n't understand how we 're ... how we could be bad ... I mean Barry Chamish is Jewish .
He 's saying exactly what ... exactly what you 're saying ... "
MP3 Excerpt # 2 only 170 kb Jones said " every time we look they 're killing Jews " .
Once again Jones refuses to mention that the " they " are the Zionist Jews .
It does n't matter which of his radio shows you listen to ; you will find the same pattern over and over .
Specifically , he blames the world 's problems on a mysterious group that he refers to as the " New World Order " , a " Germanic death cult " , the " Luciferian Controllers " , the " Western Intelligence Agencies " , or the " Elite " .
Why does Jones use " Germanic death cult " as one of his expressions ?
Why not Jewish death cult ?
Why not Zionist death cult ?
How about " Israeli death cult " ?
Why do so many of these truth seekers try to create the image that Germans are evil when all the evidence suggests that Zionist Jews are the problem ?
By never mentioning the names of Zionists ( such as Sam Newhouse , Joe Lieberman , Sumner Redstone , Edgar Bronfman ) , Jones keeps his listeners in a state of confusion and fear .
How can we defend ourselves from a " Germanic Death Cult " ?
How is it possible for the police to arrest the " Luciferian Controllers " ?
Alex Jones works closely with Paul Joseph Watson and his brother Steve Watson , who live in England , both of whom are rumored to be Jewish .
( Further information is still demanded on their background . )
Their support of Israel should be considered a sign that the Watsons are Crypto Zionists .
Considering that Alex Jones works and lives with suspicious people , is it any wonder that he deflects criticism of Zionism to the " New World Order " ?
Perhaps Jones is also a Crypto Jew .
Do n't let the name " Jones " fool you ; the man credited with founding the B'nai B'rith was Henry Jones :
wikipedia entry for B'nai B'rith Alex Jones now working with Kurt Nimmo On 26 September 2007 , Alex announced that he hired Kurt Nimmo :
Jones - Nimmo-26Sep2007.mp3 only 330 k bytes Nimmo created a site for the new video by Jones :
endgamethemovie.com/trailer.html
This is more evidence that Nimmo -- and all of the people he associates with -- are working with the group that Alex Jones works with .
It 's a gigantic network of criminals .
They are all protecting Israel .
Michel Chossudovsky promotes Kurt Nimmo
Did you know that professor Michel Chossudovsky of globalresearch .ca promotes Kurt Nimmo ?
Look at how many of his articles are at Global Research :
globalresearch.ca
Author Kurt Nimmo Christopher Bollyn has written hundreds of articles , but they selected only 5 for promotion :
globalresearch.ca
Author Chris Bollyn
My name does n't appear in their list of authors , but they have Greg Szymanski , and they have 10 articles by Greg Palast :
globalresearch.ca Author Greg Palast
Geraldo Rivera promoted Alex Jones on television Geraldo Rivera , who some people claim was born with the name Jerry Rivers , has a Jewish mother , so it 's not surprising that he gave favorable publicity to Alex Jones after the DC Madame committed suicide :
youtube.com/watch?v=DIMhXqM-seM
By comparison , when Rivera interviewed Jimmy Walter about the 9/11 attack , he interrupted Walter constantly and tried to make him look like a fool .
You can identify this Jewish crime network by noticing that they all help one another .
Israel is their base of operation
If you wonder how this Zionist crime network can be so big , consider that Israel is their base of operations .
They can make lots of diabolical plans in Israel without worrying about being arrested .
They can plan and organize the 9/11 attack , for example , with no concern that the police are watching them .
They also have the support of foolish Christians and Jews who believe that God wants them to kill Muslims so that Palestine can become a Jewish nation .
Health Care
Memo from Conservative Activists Warns Against Obama Reform Plans
By Dan Eggen
A group of veteran conservative activists have added their voices to the fight against President Obama 's health - care reform efforts , writing in a memo released today that Democratic plans will " bankrupt the country and exacerbate unemployment during these difficult times . "
The brief , single - page memo is the latest in a series of talking - points documents to emerge as part of the GOP 's intensifying attacks on proposed reforms to the health - care system , which many conservatives have begun referring to derisively as " Obamacare . "
The missive is signed by a dozen longtime voices in the conservative movement , including Americans for Tax Reform president Grover Norquist , National Taxpayers Union head Duane Parde and former Reagan budget director James C. Miller III .
The memo focuses primarily on economic arguments , asserting that the overall reform plan will be " a job killer " that will " put America on the brink of economic meltdown " and end up " burdening our children and grandchildren with extra debt . "
" It is imperative that rationally - minded Republicans and center - right Democrats join together to bring sanity to this debate , " the authors write .
The memo's release follows a prime - time press conference on Wednesday night by Obama , who sought to reassure Americans that they could keep their current health plans if they wished and that the costs of doing nothing are far worse .
Obama also said he would not sign health - care reform legislation that adds to the federal deficit .
Seeing opportunity in Obama 's sagging poll numbers and increasing nervousness among Americans , Republicans have stepped up their efforts this week to derail the Democratic push .
One memo from GOP consultant Alex Castellanos making the rounds this month urges Republicans to cast Obama 's reform effort as a risky experiment that " will further bankrupt the country with trillions more in deficit spending " that will " put government in charge of the doctors you can see and the types of treatment you can receive . "
The new memo from Norquist and others sounds similar themes , and also seeks to tie health - care reforms to the uneven results so far from Obama 's $ 787 billion stimulus package .
The memo is being sent to conservative activists around the country , and will be followed by a letter to members of Congress next week , according to Greg Mueller of CRC Public Relations in Alexandria , Va .
A copy of the memo follows :
James C. Miller III , former Reagan Budget Director
Duane Parde , President , National Taxpayers Union
Tom Winter , Editor in Chief , Human Events
Tom Schatz , President , Council for Citizens Against Government Waste
Grover Norquist , President , Americans for Tax Reform
David McIntosh , former U.S. Representative , Indiana
Kenneth Blackwell , former Treasurer , State of Ohio
Alfred Regnery , Publisher , American Spectator
Brent Bozell , President , Media Research Center
Richard Viguerie , Chairman , ConservativeHQ.com
Jim Martin , President , 60 Plus Association
Marion Edwyn Harrison , President , Free Congress Foundation
MEMO FOR THE MOVEMENT
RE : The Obama - Pelosi - Reid healthcare reform bill , if passed , would have catastrophic effects on the economy due to its squeeze on employers and its addition to the already alarming federal deficit .
ACTION :
It is imperative that rationally - minded Republicans and center - right Democrats join together to bring sanity to this debate .
Do n't allow the government to bankrupt the country and exacerbate unemployment during these difficult economic times while at the same time burdening our children and grandchildren with extra debt .
Call your Congressmen and Senators and let them know that we cannot afford to kill jobs with another expensive and reckless bill .
ISSUE IN BRIEF :
Out of all the projects from Obama 's spending spree , the healthcare bill would be the most massive spending bill yet .
Moreover , it would be the largest tax increase in American history , while still adding to our nation 's record debt .
By adding the cost of this irresponsible health care bill to the mix , we will have created a deficit of at least $ 1.8 trillion , which will bury our children and grandchildren in red ink for decades to come .
The bill basically does two things to the nation 's health care system :
A. Increases the cost of care to consumers , and
B. Reduces the quality of care for patients
The bill would be a job killer and put America on the brink of economic meltdown .
1 . The bill would add a 1 % income tax to all individuals earning over $ 280,000 , 1.5 % for individuals over $ 400,000 .
For those making over $ 800,000 , the bill would increase taxes by a startling 5.4 % .
2 . When combined with state , local , and Medicare taxes , in 39 out of the 50 states there would be income taxes of over 50 % for top earners .
3 . This bill creates a pay - or - play tax , whereby those without acceptable healthcare coverage would pay a tax of 2.5 % of their income .
4. Government would tax employers 8 % of the average wages for employees for all time when the employer was not offering health insurance coverage , with an exception for companies with a payroll under $ 250,000 .
This tax gives direct incentives for employers not to hire workers in a time when unemployment has risen to nearly 10 % .
This tax would destroy jobs .
5. The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) estimates that healthcare reform would add over $ 1 trillion in additional spending over 10 years .
In this era of record deficits , we cannot afford to burden future generations with even more debt .
6. CBO Director Douglas Elmendorf stated on July 16th that the future costs of healthcare will increase over time if the bill is passed in spite of the Administration contending that the plan would cut costs .
7. Congress is already interfering with business and raising taxes at an alarming rate : the House 's recently passed cap and trade bill will have the effect of taxing businesses and adding to unemployment , while penalizing American families over $ 175 per year in higher energy prices .
8. Previous legislation , such as the American Recovery and Re-Investment Act ( The Stimulus Package ) has not yielded the results as promised as unemployment has risen by 2 % in the months since its passage .
Posted at 12:55 PM ET on Jul 23 , 2009 | Category : Health Care
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : Jon Stewart Rips into Birthers | Next : Obama Stands by His Criticism
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : Panthress1 | July 24 , 2009 10:37 AM
Posted by : Victoria5 | July 24 , 2009 2:24 AM
Posted by : neal9 | July 24 , 2009 12:41 AM
Posted by : unpluggedboodah | July 23 , 2009 6:13 PM
Posted by : JakeD | July 23 , 2009 3:36 PM
Posted by : JohnQuimby | July 23 , 2009 3:29 PM
Posted by : heyteachkp | July 23 , 2009 3:28 PM
Posted by : JakeD | July 23 , 2009 3:25 PM
Posted by : JohnQuimby | July 23 , 2009 3:12 PM
Posted by : JakeD | July 23 , 2009 2:50 PM
Posted by : politicjock | July 23 , 2009 2:48 PM
Posted by : JohnQuimby | July 23 , 2009 2:36 PM
Posted by : JakeD | July 23 , 2009 2:33 PM
Posted by : JohnQuimby | July 23 , 2009 2:30 PM
Posted by : JackSmith1 | July 23 , 2009 2:14 PM
Posted by : JakeD | July 23 , 2009 2:04 PM
Posted by : BRASH1 | July 23 , 2009 2:02 PM
Posted by : toritto | July 23 , 2009 2:01 PM
Posted by : JakeD | July 23 , 2009 1:24 PM
Posted by : kg4thepeople | July 23 , 2009 1:11 PM
Posted by : parkerfl1 | July 23 , 2009 1:10 PM
The right surroundings used to be the bachelor pad in all its swingy - dingy splendor .
In the premiere editorial for Playboy , founding editor Hugh Hefner announced that the Playboy reader , unlike the Esquire gent , was n’t a hunting - and - fishing Hemingway he - man avid to camp out under the stars and cast the perfect fly .
“ We do n’t mind telling you in advance — we plan on spending most of our time inside , ” proclaimed Hefner .
“ We like our apartment .
We enjoy mixing up cocktails and an hors d’oeuvre or two , putting a little mood music on the phonograph and inviting in a female acquaintance for a quiet discussion on Picasso , Nietzsche , jazz , sex . ”
Yes , nothing goes with a nightcap quite like a little Nietzsche deftly massaged into the frontal lobes .
According to Gabbard , the trouble arose from fetishizing one ’s musical tastes , marching them front and center and parading them like a set of encyclopedias .
“ A serious devotion to collecting may … hinder a man from acquiring the regular company of a sympathetic woman , and not just because so many record collectors end up with the unkempt look of the nerd , ” he cautioned .
An overgrown man-child and his precious collection can become a closed - loop co-dependency that functions as a moat .
Gabbard cites the scene in Barry Levinson ’s Diner in which Daniel Stern ’s Shrevie freaks out at his wife ( Ellen Barkin , before she got scary ) for misfiling a James Brown album , which for him violates the building code of his very being .
You would n’t put Charlie Parker in with rock ’n roll ?
he asks his wife , to which she responds with innocent blasphemy , Who ’s Charlie Parker ?
“ Jazz ! Jazz ! , ” Shrevie explodes as the ceiling of his universe comes crashing down .
“ He was the greatest jazz - saxophone player that ever lived . ”
Today such a couple would have to find something else to quarrel about , probably finances , because iPod software can organize a music library any way one wishes with no risk of an outsider ’s slotting an artist onto the wrong shelf .
Some bloggers even post regular shuffle lists of their iPod listening to advertise the eclecticism of their tastes .
Any shuffle list that does n’t include the Ting Tings appears underdressed .
( According to Emily Gordon , the editor in chief of Print magazine and a trusted informant , the real bragging rights in popcult superiority now belong to those who snag and collect “ set lists ” from hipster - accredited bands and have them framed .
If they ’re autographed , so much the cooler . )
The video library has undergone a similar purge diet as iTunes and Netflix downloads have made the trip to the video store staffed by the scroungy cast of Kevin Smith ’s Clerks a schlep of the past .
The video library , unlike the vinyl collection , involves too recent a technology to acquire the nostalgic aura of paradise lost and regained .
As with a neatly stacked CD collection , even the most adventuresome DVD collection appears paltry because a guest has to squint and / or twist his head at an acute angle to read the tiny print on the sides of the plastic cases ; it has all the wonderment of checking the ingredients on soup - can labels .
An ancillary victim of the film - library thin - down is the framed movie poster that used to grin from so many walls when I first came to New York .
Duck into someone ’s apartment and you might have been met with the poster for the Radio City Music Hall spectacular for Abel Gance ’s Napoleon , Rita Hayworth in Gilda , Robert De Niro skulking through Times Square with his full - bodied scowl in Taxi Driver , or some French New Wave classic exhaling its grainy romanticism .
But as more and more films are fetched from the ether , the movie poster loses its memento value , its Pop vintage .
What will survive in the entertainment bunker are the definitive boxed sets jammed with extras ( mini- posters , booklets , director ’s cuts , bonus discs ) that preserve film and TV classics in Proustian density : the “ Ford at Fox ” collection ( corralling half of director John Ford ’s output for the Fox studio spread across 21 discs — auteurist ’s heaven ) , Rainer Werner Fassbinder ’s Berlin Alexanderplatz , The Sopranos , and “ Buffy the Vampire Slayer : The Chosen Collection ” ( 40 discs suitable for any crypt ) .
They attest to the foundational tastes of the owner without having to be viewed in their stupefying entirety .
As all this space opens up — as the tokens of our cultural snobbery or keen connoisseurship ( take your pick , depending on the degree of pretentious wankery you attribute to others ) recede into the hideaway shelves and flash drives — what will refill it ?
“ After two decades of defining ourselves in terms of our possessions , ” Holly Brubach wrote recently in T : The New York Times Style Magazine , “ we now need to figure out who we would be without them . ”
I suspect that once this downturn plateaus and shrinks in the rearview mirror , we ’ll just stock up on other possessions , which will be arrayed and arranged to show off not our personal aesthetics or expensive whims but our ethics — our progressive virtues .
A place where we could play host to Barack and Michelle and feel assured they ’d find nothing amiss .
James Wolcott is a Vanity Fair contributing editor .
By Jill Mcgivering
BBC News , Islamabad
Those displaced have been forced to flee with little preparation A senior UN official has made an urgent plea for more money to support the displaced in north - west Pakistan .
About two million people have fled their homes to escape fighting between the army and militants .
Louis Georges Arsenault of the UN children 's fund told the BBC it was the biggest internally displaced population since the Rwanda crisis in 1994 .
Unicef wants Pakistan to provide the refugees with basic services - water , power , schools and health services .
Pakistan has urged refugees to return home , saying it is safe to do so .
While some refugees have returned , Unicef wants the government to give people written guarantees of their safety .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Mr Arsenault , who is Unicef 's head of global emergencies , said the situation was dire , not only for the families who fled their homes but also for communities struggling to support them .
Hundreds of thousands of people are living in camps which are now overflowing but they represent a small fraction of the problem in Pakistan .
More than 80 % of the displaced are far less visible , dependent on local hosts .
Some communities have doubled or tripled in size .
Local homes are bursting and resources depleted .
Mr Arsenault said school buildings were now being used to house people with nowhere else to go .
Almost 4,000 schools have become camps , increasing by about 200 schools a week .
He said pressure was growing with monsoon rains and the planting season both about to start .
" If they [ the displaced people ] are not able to go back for the agriculture season they are going to miss the year and that is a critical factor , " Mr Arsenault said .
Some people have returned but many say they are still not convinced the fighting is over .
Unicef has called on the government to give formal written guarantees of safety .
It also wants basic services restored .
That needs a massive investment which so far foreign governments have been slow to make .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Abstract :
The papers of Eli W. Debevoise ( EWD ) document his position as the deputy general counsel with the High Commission for Germany - Office of General Counsel ( HICOG - OGC ) from 1950 - 1953 and his ongoing interest in US - German affairs .
In addition to providing a picture of EWD 's work at HICOG , this collection serves as an important adjunct to the papers of John J. McCloy , also held at the Amherst College Archives and Special Collections .
McCloy was not only a friend of EWD , but also his superior at HICOG .
While the Debevoise Papers include personal and professional correspondence , appointment calendars and other administrative material , memoranda , and speeches , the majority is published material relating to post - World War II Germany .
Terms of Access and Use :
Restrictions on access :
In general , there is no restriction on access to the Eli W. Debevoise Papers for research use .
Selected items may be restricted to protect the privacy rights of individuals or for other legal reasons .
Particularly fragile or valuable items have been replaced with copies .
Restrictions on use :
All copyrights held by Eli W. Debevoise or his heirs were transferred to Amherst College along with the papers .
It is the responsibility of the researcher to identify and satisfy the holders of other copyrights .
Requests for permission to publish material from the papers should be directed to the Archivist of the College .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Smaller trees at the vanguard at Lee Ridge , in the Glacier National Park of Montana may be more than 50 years old .
Trees around the world are colonising new territories in response to higher temperatures .
From the US west coast to northern Siberia and south - east Asia , trees are growing at higher elevations , and at higher latitudes as the climate warms .
Of 166 sites studied , trees are advancing at more than half , while they are receding at just two sites .
The shift is revealed by the first global analysis of treelines published in the journal Ecology Letters .
However , the trees are n't responding quite how scientists expected .
Instead of advancing as summer temperatures rise , the trees ' ability to colonise new areas appears to be more dependent on whether winter temperatures warm .
Hospitable territory Treelines tend to form wherever conditions for growth become too harsh .
For example , at high altitudes and latitudes , the climate often becomes too cold for trees to survive .
At this boundary , a treeline occurs , with forest on one side and shorter , hardier plants such as shrubs and plants on the other .
A diffuse treeline at Yosemite , California , US However , around the world , average air temperatures have risen during the past century .
This warming has been most pronounced at high altitudes and latitudes , the exact places where treelines form .
So in theory , trees should take advantage of these warmer , more hospitable climates , allowing treelines to advance higher and closer towards the poles .
In reality though , the picture has been more complicated .
In some places , trees have advanced higher up mountains or further north , but in others they appear not to have moved .
To better understand what is going on , Melanie Harsch of the Bio-Protection Research Centre at Lincoln University in New Zealand and colleagues conducted a meta- analysis of a global dataset of 166 sites around the world at which treeline dynamics have been recorded since 1900 AD .
Map showing treeline advances around the world
When they analysed this data , the researchers found that air temperatures had increased at 111 of 166 sites , at an average rate of 0.013 degrees Celsius per year .
Summer warming occurred at 117 of the sites at a mean of 0.0189 degrees Celsius per year , more often than winter warming which occurred at 77 sites at an average of 0.0199 degrees Celsius per year .
Most important , they found that treelines had advanced into previously inhospitable habitat at 87 sites .
The treelines remained stable at 77 sites , while trees had retreated at just two locations .
An abrupt treeline at Maori Saddle , New Zealand Crucially , the trees do not seem to be responding to warmer summer temperatures .
" We expected growing season warming to be the dominant driver , " says Harsch .
" But we found that it was not , winter temperature was . "
That could be because trees that have advanced during warm summers can more easily survive the odd cooler summer .
Whereas those that advanced during warmer winters may not survive a particularly cold winter , making winter temperatures the limiting factor .
Also , the researchers found that diffuse treelines , where the number of trees growing gradually peters out , are much more likely to advance than abrupt treelines , which form when trees suddenly stop growing at a certain altitude or latitude .
That could be because other stress factors , such as wind abrasion , snow and ice damage limit the spread of species which create abrupt treelines .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The White House is priming the defibrillator paddles to revive ObamaCare , and its new strategy is to talk about " health - insurance reform , " rather than " health - care reform . "
The point is to make its proposals seem less radical than they are , while portraying private insurers as villains for supposedly denying coverage to the sick .
Sounds like a good time to explain a few facts about the modern insurance market .
Start with the reality that nine out of 10 people under 65 are covered by their employers , most of which cover all ...
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
Thieves are increasingly going after iPhones and other smartphones but victims now can fight back with technology .
A customer leaves an Apple Store with his new iPhone 3G in New York July 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
One device allows a user to remotely activate a loud siren designed to rattle the thief .
Another application , designed for iPhones , can reveal the phone ’s location .
Police statistics show petty crime is down in New York but anecdotal evidence and recent headlines about street muggings targeting costly and coveted devices like Apple ’s iPhone and T - Mobile ’s Sidekick have disturbed smartphone users concerned about protecting access to e-mail , passwords and other data .
“ When we have seen spikes in thefts , a significant portion has to do with ... highly desirable products , ” said police spokesman Paul Browne .
“ In the last couple of years it ’s been iPods , Sidekicks , iPhones . ”
He said most of these muggings involve teenagers robbing other teenagers and take place on subways in the afternoon after schools get out .
New technology helps owners of expensive gadgets to get them back after they are lost or stolen .
The Find My iPhone feature from Apple , which declined to comment for this story , enables users to determine the phone ’s location and erase the data on it , among other things .
A Chicago blogger who tried the feature after his iPhone disappeared tracked the phone 's movements from a friend 's computer .
According to his posthere , he got his phone back -- and a handshake from the surprised culprit .
“ You ’re lucky you did n’t get shot in the face , ” read one comment on the blog .
MAKE A DEAL WITH PHONE THIEF
Indian company Maverick Mobile Solutions ’ system allows victims of theft to activate a siren and send a text message to the phone -- perhaps to offer a deal to get the phone back .
Fear of a gadget - related crime wave is not new .
In 2005 , as Apple ’s signature white earphones were becoming ubiquitous in U.S. cities , the New York Police Department reported an increase in subway crime linked to iPod thefts .
Before that , victims were targeted for their expensive sneakers .
But cell phone theft is a particular concern because of the risk of identity theft , said City Councilman Peter Vallone .
“ It ’s bad enough losing your phone and that ’s all it was a few years ago , ” Vallone said .
“ Nowadays , if you lose your phone , you can very quickly lose your identity . ”
Local media have reported spikes in iPhone - related street muggings .
In May , a thief snatched actor Kevin Bacon ’s Blackberry on a New York City subway platform .
Many iPhone users agree that , given the amount of personal data stored on phones , losing one could be devastating .
“ The damage would be extensive , ” said Joshua Deutch , 32 , a freelance IT consultant .
He said he would “ not think twice ” before wiping data -- including bank account numbers and multiple passwords -- if someone stole his iPhone .
But Deutch said pursuing a thief would be going too far .
“ Obviously , there ’s some excitement with that but I have insurance , ” he said .
After data has been wiped clean , the iPhone is “ just a brick , ” he said .
Some thieves get caught due to missteps .
In March , a man stole a woman ’s iPhone on a Manhattan subway platform and then used it to snap pictures of himself .
He e-mailed the pictures to his personal e-mail address , inadvertently using his victim ’s e-mail account , according to the New York Post newspaper .
The victim saw the photograph in her own e-mail outbox and alerted police , who checked the picture against mug shots and then identified and arrested the thief .
Still , many smartphone users say they do not worry about someone getting hold of their personal data .
“ A lot of people are really uptight about anyone knowing anything about them , ” said Nick Divers , 23 , who has not taken steps to protect the data on his iPhone .
“ Is that a big deal ?
Not to me . ”
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FinnegansWake
Finnegan 's
Wake is the name of an Irish folk ballad , as well as a novel by James Joyce ( though the novel does not have the apostrophe ) .
Joyce 's Finnegans
Wake has two pages on the wiki :
If you 'd like the one in simple , plain English , please go to Finnegans Wake .
If you 'd like the one written in the same style as the book itself , that 's at Finnegans Wake .
Try not to go mad ...
Surveillance video shows man being shot in Jersey City tr >
Jersey City police are hoping this security video of a man being shot last month as he arrived for work will lead to arrests in the brutal crime .
The video , which starts with sparse traffic along Broadway in an industrial area of the city , shows two people -- one of whom may be a woman -- ambushing the 43 - year - old Sleepy Hollow , N.Y. , resident at about 1:58 on the tape .
After the shooting the victim is seen making his way to the middle of the street where he collapses and other drivers go around him -- none of whom , cops say , bothered to stop or call 911 .
Another camera had captured the two criminals pulling up about 45 minutes earlier .
In the video released by police today , the victim , who just came out of a coma a few days ago , is first seen pulling up to his workplace , 30 Minute Oil Change , at about 6:30 a.m. June 18 on Broadway near Routes 1 and 9 .
When he arrives , his white van is rushed by the two .
There is a brief struggle at the open driver 's side door of the van before the gunman opens fire .
" We are hopeful we can solve this crime and bring a little justice to him and his family , " Deputy Chief Peter Nalbach at a news conference this afternoon .
" He is a hard worker -- worked 12 , 14 hours a day -- and he sends money home to his family in South America . "
The video shows the two thugs running away after the shooting and a close - up of their vehicle was captured by another security camera as they made a K - turn before driving away over the Pulaski Skyway .
The victim is seen stumbling into the middle of the street where he collapsed , bleeding heavily .
Seven cars and a school bus carrying workers drive around the man as he writhes in pain on the pavement .
A man working on his truck nearby went to the victim 's side and dialed 911 , police said .
" Of course what is most disturbing , besides the shooting , is that many of our residents drive by without giving any help , " Police Director Sam Jefferson said .
Major Case Unit Lt. Michael Kelly said he is hopeful that details of the car , and images of the criminals and the clothing they were wearing will lead to tips from the public .
The victim was in a coma until three days ago , but doctors will not yet let investigators speak to him , police said .
" He is a very lucky man to be alive , " Kelly said , adding that the victim had about $ 1,000 on him when he arrived to upon up the truck oil change garage and the money was not taken .
Kelly said investigators scoured the victim 's background and that of his employer but found nothing that would suggest they were targets .
The business owner and the Hudson County Prosecutor 's Office have posted a $ 5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of those involved .
The vehicle the gunmen drove is thought to be a 2005 to 2007 , four - door , red or burgundy Ford Focus sedan , model ZX4 SES .
The man with the shotgun is described as black or Hispanic , 5 feet 9 inches to 6 feet tall and being of stocky building with a weight of about 200 pounds .
The 30 - to 40 - year - old has short hair , was unshaven and wore a warm - up suit with a white stripe down the sleeve and pant leg .
Police say there is a possibility the second actor is a woman .
That person is described as being 5 feet 5 to 5 feet 6 inches tall , with a thin build and between 20 and 30 years old .
The person wore light - colored pants and a hooded sweatshirt with a white decal on the left chest an a white decal , possibility of a bird , on the back .
Anyone with information is asked to call ( 201 ) 547- JAIL .
FORMER Guantanamo Bay inmate David Hicks has married girlfriend Aloysia Brooks in a secret ceremony north of Sydney .
The couple tied the knot at Terrey Hills in Sydney on Saturday night .
David 's father Terry , who travelled from Adelaide for the event , said he was pleased his son was now able to begin living a normal life .
" We are grateful that things are going along an even line and he can get on and hopefully be left alone , " he said .
Major Michael Mori , the former US military defence lawyer for Mr Hicks , was also spotted at the weekend wedding in the northern Sydney suburb of Terrey Hills , the newspaper said .
Mr Hicks , who pleaded guilty to a charge of supporting terrorism , was held at the US military detention centre in Cuba for more than five years after being captured in Afghanistan in December 2001 .
In March 2007 , under a plea bargain , he was sentenced to seven years ' jail but ordered to serve only nine months with the rest of his sentence suspended .
He returned to Australia and was released from Adelaide 's Yatala Jail more 18 months ago .
Mr Hicks met Aloysia after he moved to Sydney last year .
Originally published as David Hicks ties the knot
CARACAS , Venezuela  Peru ’s Congress on Thursday overturned two decrees by President Alan García that were aimed at opening large areas of the Peruvian Amazon to logging , dams and oil drilling but set off protests by indigenous groups this month in which dozens died .
The move appeared to ease tensions with the indigenous groups , which had continued with their protests and road blockades in parts of Peru despite Congress ’s decision to suspend the decrees last month .
After the vote on Thursday , however , some indigenous leaders said they would lift the scattered blockades and halt the protests .
“ Today is a historic day for all indigenous people and for the nation of Peru , ” said Daysi Zapata , a leader of the Peruvian Jungle Inter - Ethnic Development Association , a group representing more than 300,000 people from Peru ’s indigenous groups .
Image An Ashaninka indigenous woman cooked in the main road linking the central jungle to Lima .
Credit ... Tomas Munita for The New York Times
The apparent end to the impasse came after at least 24 police officers and 10 civilians were killed in clashes and acts of retaliation in northern Bagua Province , some of Peru ’s bloodiest political violence since a two - decade war ended in 2000 .
University of Louisville neurologist Robert P. Friedland , M.D. , questions the safety of eating farmed fish in Journal of Alzheimer ’s Disease , adding a new worry to concerns about the nation ’s food supply .
Friedland and his co-authors suggest farmed fish could transmit Creutzfeldt Jakob disease -- commonly known as mad cow disease -- if they are fed byproducts rendered from cows .
The scientists urge government regulators to ban feeding cow meat or bone meal to fish until the safety of this common practice can be confirmed .
“ We have not proven that it ’s possible for fish to transmit the disease to humans .
Still , we believe that out of reasonable caution for public health , the practice of feeding rendered cows to fish should be prohibited , ” Friedland said .
“ Fish do very well in the seas without eating cows , ” he added .
Creutzfeldt Jakob disease is an untreatable , universally - fatal disease that can be contracted by eating parts of an animal infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE or mad cow disease ) .
An outbreak in England attributed to infected beef prompted most countries to outlaw feeding rendered cow material to other cattle because the disease is so easily spread within the same species .
The risk of transmission of BSE to humans who eat farmed fish would appear to be low because of perceived barriers between species .
But , according to the authors , it is possible for a disease to be spread by eating a carrier that is not infected itself .
It ’s also possible that eating diseased cow parts could cause fish to experience a pathological change that allows the infection to be passed between the two species .
“ The fact that no cases of Creutzfeldt Jakob disease have been linked to eating farmed fish does not assure that feeding rendered cow parts to fish is safe .
The incubation period of these diseases may last for decades , which makes the association between feeding practices and infection difficult .
Enhanced safeguards need to be put in place to protect the public , ” Friedland said .
There have been 163 deaths from Creutzfeldt Jakob disease in the United Kingdom attributed to eating infected beef .
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy has been identified in nine Canadian and three U.S. cattle .
Growing food closer to where we live , both in urban centers and suburban tracts , is going to become more important as oil prices rise .
Right now , it ’s an important step to providing access to healthy food for more people , making agriculture more sustainable and providing more opportunities for a younger crop of farmers .
But it ’s going to require a reversal in development patterns .
For generations , the pattern has been to pave over farmland with housing and shopping center developments .
In California , particularly , this is a problem because California is not only one of the fastest - growing states but also contains some of the world ’s most valuable farmland .
For example , according to this article , The San Joaquin Valley produces over 250 different crops and about 25 per cent of the United States agriculture output by dollar value .
In 1960 , the population of the valley was around 1.4 million , by 2000 it had risen to 3.3 million , it is projected to reach 4.2 million by 2010 and near 8 million by 2050 .
I ’ve seen figures stating that farmland is converted to subdivisions and shopping malls at a rate of two acres a minute .
If this pattern continues , where is our food going to come from ?
Last week I attended The West Coast Direct Marketing Summit , organized by Roots of Change with the USDA .
The main topics of conversation were about enhancing opportunities for farmers and increasing community access to nutritious foods , with special emphasis on ways to replicate and scale up grassroots efforts .
The conference was organized around a series of case studies to share best practices among participants .
It was wonderful to witness government officials , farmers , food activists , farmers ’ market managers and funders sitting in the same room together hammering out solutions to the issue of food access .
At the conference , it became clear to me that there is a quiet reversal in land - use patterns .
One case study I attended was organized by Soil Born Farms located in Sacramento .
Soil Born has two small farms within the Sacramento city limits .
Through creative land use agreements , they are able to feed , employ and educate local youth as well as serve a senior center nearby .
Watching a slide show about the farm , it was gratifying to see the verdant farmland take over the suburbs instead of the other way around .
There are other examples around and outside the country :
Here ’s a story about a retired CIA official farming among the McMansions outside of DC .
He says that local food might be a luxury now , but feels it will be a necessity in the future .
He wants to use his small plot to train up - and - coming young farmers .
In Maryland , a group of neighbors has organized gardens on every block in their community .
In Portland , Oregon , the 47th Avenue Farm consists of three farms plunked down right in the middle of suburbia , serving customers through a CSA program .
These are all examples of farms that have grown up organically , conceived of and created by ordinary citizens .
Recently , developers have started getting in on the game .
In Australia , there is the Crystal Waters Permaculture Village .
Outside of Chicago , there ’s Prairie Crossing .
It ’s fantastic that developers are beginning to intersperse edible green space and farmers ’ markets among developments .
Not only does this increase future food security , it ’s smart marketing .
People who buy into these developments know they are buying into a better quality of life .
But there ’s a dark side , too .
Micro farms within city limits are an important part of the picture , but they are not going to feed the entire population .
We need to preserve large swaths of prime farmland .
“ Eco ” developments that result in a net loss of valuable farmland should be discouraged .
These developments should be interspersed among current suburbs or built on marginal land , not prime farmland .
As this article illustrates , each potential development must be evaluated on its individual merits .
Image : gary j wood
This is the latest installment in Vanessa Barrington ’s weekly column , The Green Plate , on the environmental , social , and political issues related to what and how we eat .
Real Madrid are set to exploit Arsenal ’s financial woes by making an ambitious swoop for Cesc Fabregas .
The Spanish giants are keeping up their pursuit of Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso but if agreement cannot be reached with the Reds , Fabregas is high on their wish - list .
The Gunners will demand £ 40 million for their Spanish star but Real Madrid are confident of negotiating a smaller fee .
Fabregas is frustrated at the lack of big name signings at the Emirates and the club ’s cashflow problems deepened yesterday when a proposed rights issue to generate new cash which was put forward and underwritten by the Russian oligarch Alisher Usmanov , was turned down by the Arsenal board .
Chief executive Ivan Gazidis confirmed the subject was given due consideration , but has been turned down in favour of the status quo which sees the Emirates Stadium club remain self - financing .
Real Madrid , who are chasing a creative midfielder , are now studying all options — including Fabregas .
Arsenal are also fearing that Barcelona — Fabregas ’ hometown club where he began his football career — will come calling .
Robin van Persie has ended speculation on his Arsenal future by signing a new , long - term deal which is reported to be worth some £ 80,000 - a- week .
Belfast Telegraph
3350 shares Facebook 1172
Pinterest 2178
Email
Budgeting is becoming cool again !
It really comes as no surprise that more and more people are starting to budget as the economy tightens up .
I have been noticing more people interested in budgeting – which gets me excited !
If you have been around here for any length of time you know that I was converted to budgeting and have been thrilled at how liberating it has been .
Yes , I said liberating – I believe that budgeting should be fun and if done properly , it really makes your life a whole lot more peaceful .
This is my favorite worksheet I have found , but it is n’t really printable .
They do have a free demo , but the full - version is $ 15 .
So do n’t worry , if a printable and free worksheet is what you are looking for just keep scrolling as there are a bunch below that wo n’t cost you a dime .
In an effort to help out some of the new budgeting converts , I decided to put together this article as a means of consolidating a bunch of budgeting resources .
Some are worksheets I created and some are from others .
Just about all of them can be downloaded as a PDF , which you can then print from your printer .
I have included the Excel file for many of them as well – if you are into that .
So hopefully you will be able to find a worksheet that will help you create a better budget !
Enjoy !
Printable Budget Worksheet
SeedTime Printable Budget Worksheet
You can get our FREE printable budgeting worksheet just by clicking the link below !
( Facebook Share required )
Free Basic budgeting worksheet
This is budgeting worksheet I created that I use when I am trying to add up my total monthly expenses and compare them to my income .
I like it because it has about every possible expense that you could have in your budget .
It ’s very simple and is n’t fancy at all , but it gets the job done when I am making adjustments to my monthly budget .
Printable Budget Worksheet from Freddie Mac
FreddieMac.com provides this budgeting worksheet .
It allows you to budget specific amounts for the month and then compare the figures after the month ’s end to see your areas for improvement .
Download or print it : FM Printable budgeting worksheet.pdf
Budgeting worksheet for students
Asa.com ( American Student Assistance ) provides this budget sheet .
It is simple and will help college students create a budget to keep them in line financially .
Download or print it : Budget Worksheet.pdf
Christmas shopping budget worksheet
A few years ago after getting frustrated with finding myself in debt every year after Christmas , I decided I needed to take some steps in the right direction by budgeting for Christmas .
So , what we did was created a list of everyone who we could imagine buying gifts for that year and we used this worksheet to stay within our budget .
Bill payment schedule
This is another worksheet that was birthed out of a frustrating situation .
I found that while I traditionally had been good about paying my bills on time , I was occasionally late on payments – and it was n’t because I did n’t have the money , but because I did n’t have a good system in place to pay the bills .
So I created a worksheet that I still use 2 times each month that allows me to schedule and pay the bills on time !
Financial Life on One Page ( FLOP )
This is a worksheet that I created to help keep my financial life organized .
Basically it is a spreadsheet that contains all of my account details ( balances , etc ) that would be a very valuable help to my wife if I were to suddenly leave this earth .
Since I know a lot more about the details of our financial accounts , I feel that it is part of my responsibility to have things in order for her if I were n’t here .
This worksheet helps me do that .
To find out more specifically how to benefit from this worksheet check out this article …
Your financial life on one page .
Download or print it : FLOP_Printable_Balance_Sheet.pdf
Excel : FLOP_Printable_Balance_Sheet.xls
Debt Snowball worksheet
If you are following the recommended Debt Snowball as a means of paying down your debts , then this worksheet might be helpful .
Find out more about the Debt Snowball Worksheet .
Other budgeting worksheets and resources
Every day across America , police officers investigate murders , defuse domestic squabbles , and arrest dope dealers .
But training is just as important when officers come across a " real American " who is combative and refuses to defer to police authority – even if the alleged offense is relatively minor .
The arrest of Henry Louis Gates Jr. , the prominent Harvard scholar , has brought the issue of race and policing literally from the heights of academic inquiry to a dramatic faceoff between a blue - collar Boston - area cop and one of the ivory tower 's most recognizable black scholars .
But perhaps one of the core underlying issues in the incident is one of policing :
Officers walk a thin line between staying safe and adhering to the Constitution – and straying over that line can have consequences , especially when it involves the black community .
" We have a lot of African - American males in this country who are tired of having to justify their existence on the white streets of America , " says Lorie Fridell , a criminologist at the University of South Florida in Tampa .
" And if the police do n't acknowledge that , they 're going to lose a future person who will call the police with information , they 're going to lose the witness to a crime , they 're going to lose the person on the jury who believes the police officer 's story . "
Lessons to be learned
What lessons , then , can be drawn from the July 16 altercation on Gates ' front porch on Ware Street ?
For average Americans , the case shows that it 's never a good idea to get " lippy , " as police officers say , during an investigation of any kind .
And for police officers , it is n't just having " thick skin , " one of America 's top cops says .
It is to understand , at a procedural level , the deep trust Americans have in basic constitutional values .
" Any cop can deal with a robbery suspect , but show me the cop who can handle a real American , " says former Seattle police chief Norm Stamper , quoting policing expert George Thompson .
" That 's someone , when you say , ' Roll down the window , ' says , ' No , ' or who meets you at the threshold at home and says , ' No , you can't come in .
Show me your warrant . ' "
" Americans are the beneficiaries of the incredible foresight and wisdom of our Founding Fathers , who over time created a Constitution that embeds these rights of freedom for Americans , " he adds .
" So when you come across a real American , how competent are you in carrying out your delicate and demanding and too - often dangerous job ? "
What should have happened
In his view of the Gates case , which he has studied closely , Mr. Stamper suggests that Gates overreacted .
But Cambridge Police Sgt. James
Crowley also made a basic mistake :
By becoming distracted by Gates 's criticisms and protestations , some of which invoked race , his warnings to Gates to calm down fell short of their mark .
And as other police officers arrived , Stamper reasons that it became more difficult for Crowley to back down in front of his peers .
" As soon as you give a warning twice , your authority is shot , " Stamper says .
" Then , you 've approached this thing in precisely the opposite way of how you should have approached it . "
The best practice , Stamper says , is called " verbal judo " – and it's an art of its own .
The trick is not to become offended that someone is challenging authority but to turn the argument back on the subject , Stamper says .
Instead of making repeated warnings like , for example , " Roll down the window or else , " an officer should start by saying , " If you 're me right now , how would you resolve this situation ? "
Simply by turning the focus back to the subject and listening often de-escalates the tension , and it can be surprisingly hard to do .
If the situation still escalates , an officer can take more dramatic actions , if [ legally justified ] , Stamper says .
But for all the Gates case 's lessons , former police officer George Kirkham , now a professor at Florida State University , says that it 's actually very unusual for a single individual to be arrested for disorderly conduct on their own front porch .
After years of studying Florida arrest reports , in fact , Mr. Kirkham says it 's the only one he 's come across .
" Once we cross this Rubicon – we know this man lives here , he 's presented his ID , and it 's inconceivable that he would be there for any illegitimate purpose – the police officer does n't get to have his feelings hurt , " he says .
" That 's why this is larger than black and white , and it goes to basic constitutional rights that we all enjoy – black , white or brown – including the right to be in your own home and say what you want . "
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Photo : Irv Steinberg / Globe Photos
The seventies - era golden age of American film has been so exhaustively romanticized that it ’s hard to believe anything , or anyone , has been overlooked — until you consider the actor John Cazale .
You likely recognize his face , but if his name proves elusive , that only strengthens the case for I Knew It Was You , a 40 - minute HBO - produced documentary from director Richard Shepard that ’s the centerpiece of BAM ’s upcoming retrospective “ Rediscovering John Cazale . ”
The classic tidbit of Cazale trivia is that he appeared in only five films , all of which ( The Godfather , The Godfather Part II , The Conversation , Dog Day Afternoon , The Deer Hunter ) were nominated for a Best Picture Oscar .
The films are all landmarks , of course , and so Cazale — best known as the frail Fredo Corleone — may be vaguely familiar .
I Knew It Was
You makes a convincing , even moving , argument that he ’s been severely underappreciated as well .
To call Cazale a Zelig of the seventies movie boom is to undersell his talent and his influence .
It ’s true he appeared in three films and three plays with Al Pacino — they ’d met while working as messengers at Standard Oil — including a famed 1968 Off Broadway production of The Indian Wants the Bronx , written by Israel Horovitz ( the father , incidentally , of Beastie Boy Adam Horovitz ) .
It ’s true that Cazale was romantically involved with Meryl Streep , whom he ’d met doing Measure for Measure at Shakespeare in the Park , and whom he loved right up to his death from lung cancer , at age 42 , in 1978 .
( “ I ’ve met the greatest actress in the history of the world , ” he told Pacino ; as it turned out , he may well have been right . )
I Knew It Was
You is a lively summation of Cazale ’s career , but its real success comes in demonstrating that , had he lived , he ’d be mentioned today in the same breath as Pacino , Streep , Robert De Niro , and Gene Hackman — i.e. , the Mount Rushmore of American Film Acting .
Shepard undertook the project simply because he , like many film nuts , is a closet Cazale fan .
He wanted to learn more , but found little was out there .
So he cold - called Cazale ’s brother for an interview .
Shepard knew , though , that he ’d have no film without Streep , who ’d been famously reluctant to discuss her relationship with Cazale .
“ Her response was ‘ I do n’t talk about my private life , and I certainly do n’t talk about it with people I do n’t know , ’ ” Shepard says .
By chance , Streep ran into Cazale ’s brother at an art opening , and he persuaded her to take part .
“ That was the turning point , ” Shepard says .
“ I learned more about acting from John than from anybody , ” says Pacino in the film , and a half - dozen other actors — including De Niro , Hackman , Streep , and next - generation admirers like Philip Seymour Hoffman and Steve Buscemi— dissect Cazale ’s brilliance .
It ’s an affecting tribute , a fascinating tutorial , and a warm love letter to an era electric with talent .
Along with Shepard ’s film ( and a Q& A with the director ) , BAM ’s festival will feature screenings of all five of Cazale ’s films .
The hardest part is choosing which one to see , so do n’t .
See them all .
Rediscovering John Cazale
BAM Rose Cinemas .
July 29 to August 2 .
To tie in with Barnes and Noble 's increasing emphasis on eBooks , AT&T announced today that Wi-Fi connections at any of the 777 United States Barnes and Noble bookstores will be free for anyone to use .
Previously , only AT&T subscribers had free access to the network .
Last week , Barnes and Noble launched a Web - based eBook store and free eReader apps for the iPhone / iPod Touch , BlackBerry , and Windows XP / Vista and Mac OS 10.1 +.
The bookseller is gearing up for the launch of its own eBook reader , made by Plastic Logic which will compete with the market - leading Amazon Kindle .
Advertisement
" This is a natural progression of our digital strategy to provide customers with more choices in how , when and where they want to read , " said Barnes and Noble CEO Steve Riggio .
According to today 's announcement from AT&T , free Wi-Fi access is available in every Barnes and Noble in the U.S. , and will be unlimited .
Libertarian Socialism vs. Authoritarian Socialism
Does Socialism Itself Actually Reduce Incentive To Work ?
OTTAWA – The Bank of Canada is painting a bright face on the country 's economy , suggesting the worst recession in decades is about to give way to a robust recovery .
Expressing new - found optimism , the central bank said yesterday that low interest rates and massive government pump priming are bringing the economy back to life .
Bank Governor Mark Carney acknowledged that Canada 's economy will contract this year by 2.3 per cent , its worst performance since 1982 .
But even that forecast is a significant improvement on his previous prediction in April of a devastating 3 per cent contraction in 2009 .
Beyond that , the bank foresees an economic renaissance , with growth hitting 3 per cent next year and rising to 3.5 per cent in 2011 .
In April , Carney was saying the economy would expand by just 2.5 per cent next year .
Carney 's rosy assessment was seen as a message from the bank that the worst is over in a recession that has battered manufacturers and cost 400,000 jobs .
" It sounded like they wanted to say ` Ding dong , the recession 's dead , ' but they did n't quite come out and say it , " said Doug Porter , Bank of Montreal 's deputy chief economist .
Judging from the bank 's outlook , Porter said the economy might begin to see a modest return to growth in the July - through - September period .
In its forecast , the bank said : " There are now increasing signs that economic activity has begun to expand in many countries in response to monetary and fiscal policy stimulus and measures to stabilize the global financial system . "
In keeping with expectations , the central bank left its key interest rate unchanged at 0.25 per cent .
Barring runaway inflation , Carney plans to leave the rate at that historic low until mid-2010 to help spur a return to healthy business conditions .
Carney 's forecast of 3 per cent growth next year puts him out on a limb relative to private sector economists , who are expecting more modest growth of about 2 per cent in 2010 .
" It 's a pretty optimistic number compared to what other people are looking at , " said Dale Orr of Economic Insight .
Orr said this kind of optimism by the central bank is risky because Carney , in an attempt to head off inflationary pressure from a rebounding economy , might start raising interest rates too soon .
If so , it could choke off recovery , he said .
Explaining its upbeat outlook , the bank said : " Stimulative monetary and fiscal policies , improved financial conditions , firmer commodity prices , and a rebound in business and consumer confidence are spurring domestic demand growth . "
But the bank cautioned that the recovery is " nascent " and warned that governments should not drop their guard by beginning to dismantle economic stimulus programs .
While the bank 's overall outlook may be bright , the details offer little comfort for Ontario .
Carney said the recovery will not be as strong as it could be because of the negative impact of underlying changes in Canada 's economy as traditional manufacturing industries suffer .
Also slowing the return to growth is the upsurge of the loonie on exchange markets , the bank said .
The Canadian dollar , which sank as low as 76.98 ( U.S. ) cents in March , has been on a tear .
Yesterday , it closed at 90.33 cents ( U.S. ) , down 0.02 of a cent from Tuesday .
" The higher Canadian dollar , as well as ongoing restructuring in key industrial sectors , is significantly moderating the pace of overall growth , " the central bank noted .
Economists note that the brunt of the restructuring in the manufacturing industry – and the accompanying loss of jobs – is being felt in Ontario .
And the province 's economy , which depends heavily on exports , suffers more than other regions when the rising value of the dollar makes Canadian products less competitive in foreign markets .
That means that , even if Carney 's upbeat forecast is correct , Ontario could be the last province to witness an economic bounce back .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" We could see a lopsided recovery regionally , that 's quite possible , " said BMO 's Porter .
" The resource - rich areas could come back relatively quickly while Ontario is still struggling and unfortunately , that may well be the shape of this recovery . "
He noted , however , that such a prognosis could prove overly negative if the U.S. economy rebounds powerfully and improves Ontario 's prospects .
Carney will provide more details tomorrow when the bank issues its quarterly report on the economy .
The next scheduled interest - rate setting is Sept. 10 .
Read more about :
Fedora 12 " Constantine " Alpha release is available !
What 's next for the free operating system that shows off the best new technology of tomorrow ?
You can see the future now at :
http://fedoraproject.org/get-prerelease
What 's an Alpha release ?
The Alpha release contains all the features of Fedora 12 in a form that anyone can help test .
This testing , guided by the Fedora QA team , helps us target and identify bugs .
When these bugs are fixed , we make a Beta release available .
A Beta release is code - complete , and bears a very strong resemblance to the third and final release .
The final release of Fedora 12 is due in November .
We need your help to make Fedora 12 the best release yet , so please take a moment of your time to download and try out the Alpha and make sure the things that are important to you are working .
If you find a bug , please report it - every bug you uncover is a chance to improve the experience for millions of Fedora users worldwide .
Together , we can make Fedora a rock - solid distribution .
https://bugzilla.redhat.com
Among the top features for end users , we have :
Better webcam support -
Out of the box support for a lot of new webcams has been extended further than ever .
- Out of the box support for a lot of new webcams has been extended further than ever .
Empathy as default IM client - Empathy is an instant messenger client replacing Pidgin , featuring better integration with the GNOME Desktop .
- Empathy is an instant messenger client replacing Pidgin , featuring better integration with the GNOME Desktop .
GNOME 2.27.90 beta and KDE 4.3 -
The latest code from the two main desktop environments and their many bundled supporting applications are part of this release .
GNOME 2.27.90 is the latest GNOME version as of the Alpha release ; GNOME 2.28 is planned for the final release .
- The latest code from the two main desktop environments and their many bundled supporting applications are part of this release .
GNOME 2.27.90 is the latest GNOME version as of the Alpha release ; GNOME 2.28 is planned for the final release .
Network Manager Mobile Broadband -
By providing a database of preconfigured mobile broadband providers , supporting more hardware and permit to scan GSM networks , Network Manager makes the use of mobile broadband much easier .
- By providing a database of preconfigured mobile broadband providers , supporting more hardware and permit to scan GSM networks , Network Manager makes the use of mobile broadband much easier .
Better Free Video Codec -
The latest technology is found in the improved , free Ogg Theora video encoder , codenamed " Thusnelda . "
Encoded video at very high definition now can meet or exceed the expectations of the most demanding viewer and material .
- The latest technology is found in the improved , free Ogg Theora video encoder , codenamed " Thusnelda . "
Encoded video at very high definition now can meet or exceed the expectations of the most demanding viewer and material .
PackageKit improvements - PackageKit now has plugins to install applications from a web browser , and from the command line if a user tries a command from a package not yet installed .
- PackageKit now has plugins to install applications from a web browser , and from the command line if a user tries a command from a package not yet installed .
PulseAudio improvements -
The PulseAudio volume control applet has been extended to support profiles , input switching and easy speaker setup .
- The PulseAudio volume control applet has been extended to support profiles , input switching and easy speaker setup .
Better power management -
This release offers better power management features regarding CPU , disk and network I/O .
For developers there are all sorts of additional goodies :
NetBeans 6.7 - NetBeans 6.7 is the most recent version of Sun's IDE .
- NetBeans 6.7 is the most recent version of Sun's IDE .
PHP 5.3 - PHP 5.3 has been integrated as the popular web language .
- PHP 5.3 has been integrated as the popular web language .
Eclipse 3.5.0 - The latest release of the popular , open , and extensible development platform is included .
- The latest release of the popular , open , and extensible development platform is included .
SystemTap - Updates to this debugging capability include better documentation , tools , and examples ; support for kernel tracepoint and modern gcc debuginfo ( " dwarf " ) output ; and Eclipse support for launching traces and graphing results .
Peek under the hood and there is still more :
Better IPv6 in NetworkManager - NetworkManager has been extended to fully support IP v6 configurations through the GUI .
- NetworkManager has been extended to fully support IP v6 configurations through the GUI .
Automatic Bug Reporting Tool -
This release provides ABRT , a service that automatically reports application crashed to Fedora , without requiring the end user to have any special knowledge on error reporting .
- This release provides ABRT , a service that automatically reports application crashed to Fedora , without requiring the end user to have any special knowledge on error reporting .
RPM XZ payload -
All the software packages in Fedora have been switched from Gzip to the more efficient XZ ( LZMA ) compression method , to save space on mirrors and reduce download times .
- All the software packages in Fedora have been switched from Gzip to the more efficient XZ ( LZMA ) compression method , to save space on mirrors and reduce download times .
x86 optimized for Atom -
The 32 bit version of this release will be compiled for i686 with a specific optimization for Intel Atom processors used in many netbooks .
- The 32 bit version of this release will be compiled for i686 with a specific optimization for Intel Atom processors used in many netbooks .
GRUB ext4 support - Fedora 11 included Ext4 by default , however GRUB in that version did not support Ext4 and hence required a separate boot partition formatted as Ext3 or Ext2 .
This release includes an updated version of GRUB with Ext4 support .
- Fedora 11 included Ext4 by default , however GRUB in that version did not support Ext4 and hence required a separate boot partition formatted as Ext3 or Ext2 .
This release includes an updated version of GRUB with Ext4 support .
Bluetooth Service On Demand -
In order to support Bluetooth devices , the Bluetooth background service was started by default in previous versions of Fedora .
In this release , the Bluetooth service is started on demand when needed , and automatically stops 30 seconds after last device use , reducing initial startup time and resources .
- In order to support Bluetooth devices , the Bluetooth background service was started by default in previous versions of Fedora .
In this release , the Bluetooth service is started on demand when needed , and automatically stops 30 seconds after last device use , reducing initial startup time and resources .
KVM improvements -
Many improvements in KVM virtualization are found in this release : reduced memory consumption and improved performance , NIC hotplug , better disk I/O , modern PXE booting , support for flexible network configurations , and much more .
And that is only the beginning .
A more complete list and details of each new cited feature is available here :
http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Releases/12/FeatureList
For more information including common and known bugs , tips on how to report bugs , and the official release schedule , please refer to the release notes :
http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Fedora_12_Alpha_release_notes
Thank you , and we hope to see you in the Fedora project !
Brad Pitt is reportedly furious his mother is talking to his ex-wife , Jennifer Aniston .
The ' Troy ' star 's brother Doug alleges Pitt - who is expecting a baby with new love , Angelina Jolie - thinks she is being " unfair and unjust " for staying touch with the former ' Friends ' actress .
He revealed to Britain 's Star magazine : " Brad is not happy about mum talking to Jennifer .
" He feels that mum should move on now and cut the link that was there .
" But mum is in a difficult position - she has great affection for Jennifer , born out of the fact that Brad once loved her and did marry her . "
Tagged in Brad Pitt
