B - A -N- A-N-A-S
Not only did you bring a monkey to Walmart , but you are buying a Banana Keeper .
I honestly can’t decide whether to high - five you or punch you in the stomache .
Oklahoma
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 7.8/10 ( 18 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +1 ( from 3 votes )
With the use of the new super material graphene , Swedish and American researchers have succeeded in producing a new type of lighting component .
It is inexpensive to produce and can be fully recycled .
The invention , which paves the way for glowing wallpaper made entirely of plastic , for example , is published in the scientific journal ACS Nano by scientists at Linköping University and Umeå University , in Sweden , and Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey .
Ultra -thin and electricity - saving organic light diodes , so - called OLEDs , have recently been introduced commercially in mobile phones , cameras , and super - thin TVs .
An OLED consists of a light - generating layer of plastic placed between two electrodes , one of which must be transparent .
Today 's OLEDs have two drawbacks -- they are relatively expensive to produce , and the transparent electrode consists of the metal alloy indium tin oxide .
The latter presents a problem because indium is both rare and expensive and moreover is complicated to recycle .
Now researchers at Linköping and Umeå universities , working with American colleagues , are presenting an alternative to OLEDs , an organic light - emitting electrochemical cell ( LEC ) .
It is inexpensive to produce , and the transparent electrode is made of the carbon material graphene .
" This is a major step forward in the development of organic lighting components , from both a technological and an environmental perspective .
Organic electronics components promise to become extremely common in exciting new applications in the future , but this can create major recycling problems .
By using graphene instead of conventional metal electrodes , components of the future will be much easier to recycle and thereby environmentally attractive , " says one of the scientists , Nathaniel Robinson from Linköping University .
Since all the LEC 's parts can be produced from liquid solutions , it will also be possible to make LECs in a roll - to - roll process on , for example , a printing press in a highly cost - effective way .
" This paves the way for inexpensive production of entirely plastic - based lighting and display components in the form of large flexible sheets .
This kind of illumination or display can be rolled up or can be applied as wallpaper or on ceilings , " says another of the scientists , Ludvig Edman from Umeå University .
Graphene consists of a single layer of carbon atoms and has many attractive properties as an electronic material .
It has high conductivity , is virtually transparent , and can moreover be produced as a solution in the form of graphene oxide .
Researchers all over the world have been trying to replace indium tin oxide for more than 15 years .
Indium is in short supply , and the alloy has a complicated life cycle .
The raw material for the fully organic and metal - free LEC , on the other hand , is inexhaustible and can be fully recycled -- as fuel , for example .
Narrator : On August 29 , 2005 , a catastrophic hurricane named Katrina made landfall on the Gulf Coast of the United States .
When the skies finally cleared , the survival of a major American city hung in the balance .
For more than 200 years , that city had been an iconic feature on the national landscape — a vital port ; a cosmopolitan mecca ; a sensual , mysterious refuge .
Now , the storm had laid it waste , and raised a stark and previously unthinkable question : what exactly would America be without New Orleans ?
John Biguenet , Writer :
We tend to look to New Orleans as a place where the past continues to live .
But I think much more important for the United States America is this is the place where the future is visible .
John Scott , Artist :
For one thing , it 's the cultural cradle of this country .
I do n't care what New York says .
This whole country was founded on the principle of the so - called melting pot and the blending of cultures .
We 've shown American how to do it .
Irvin Mayfield , Jazz Musician : The Constitution resides somewhere else , but the constitution of music resides here .
The constitution of food resides here .
The constitution of art resides here .
Tom Piazza , Writer :
You do learn very quickly with New Orleans that if you 're going to love it you have to love it with its flaws .
It suffers from terrible poverty , terrible crime , but if you love something , you love it for what it is , not for what you wish it would be .
Ari Kelman , Historian : New Orleans is such an alluring place .
The city really has become kind of embedded in the American imagination as something that 's wholly different from the rest of this country but at the same time representative of some of the best of what we are and some of the worst of what we are .
Irvin Mayfield , Jazz Musician : New Orleans is a very old city , with a lot of tradition , a lot of culture that is born out of ceremony .
You can find history anywhere , but in New Orleans , it 's kind of like we are always living the history .
The history is being lived on a daily basis .
People do n't tell history , they do history .
John Scott , Writer :
There is so much history and cultural richness in that city that it oozes up out of the sidewalk .
You know , it 's hard to be there and really be there and not begin to absorb that .
Of all the places I 've been in the world , New Orleans is the only place I 've ever been , where if you listen , sidewalks will speak to you .
Narrator :
When wealthy travelers set out to see America in the nineteenth century , only a handful of cities were considered essential stops on the itinerary — and of those , none inspired more fascination than New Orleans .
" On arriving ... in the morning , " one visitor remarked in 1819 , " New Orleans has ... a very imposing and handsome appearance ...
Everything has an odd look ... and I confess that ... it was impossible not to stare at a sight wholly new even to one who has traveled much in Europe and America . "
Situated at a crescent - shaped bend in the Mississippi , about one hundred miles from its mouth , New Orleans was perched atop the river 's natural levee — a ribbon of high ground that sloped gently down from the water 's edge for a mile or two , then gave way to dense , mosquito - infested Cypress swamp .
Beyond the swamp to the north was Lake Pontchartrain , which led to the Gulf of Mexico .
New Orleans was a city surrounded by water .
Peirce Lewis , Geographer :
If you think about North America the whole interior is drained by one of two river systems .
One is the St. Lawrence by way of the Great Lakes , and the other is the Mississippi - Ohio - Missouri and the way to control the Mississippi and by the way , merely the whole interior of North America , southern part of the interior , was New Orleans .
There had to be a city there , even though the site was ... was dicey .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
On the one hand it 's the worst place imaginable to put a city .
A good portion of the city is below sea level .
In some cases , as much as ten or fifteen feet below sea level .
It 's a terrible disease environment ; they 've had horrible epidemics throughout their history .
And of course they 're on the path for these Gulf storms as they come up out of the Atlantic .
On the other hand though , it 's the best place imaginable to put a city , maybe the best place that you can imagine in the world to put a city .
Narrator : New Orleans had been founded as the capital of French Louisiana back in 1718 , ceded to Spain and governed by her for nearly half a century , then briefly reclaimed by France — all before finally being sold to the United States , as part of the Louisiana Purchase , in 1803 .
To that point , most of the native - born inhabitants of New Orleans had been French - speaking Roman Catholics , who called themselves Creoles .
Unlike the Cajuns , the French - Canadian immigrants who had settled in the Louisiana countryside , the Creoles were primarily urban people — proudly Parisian in their manners and attitudes , and passionately devoted to the cultured enjoyment of life .
In the crowded colonial city , called the Vieux Carré — or old square — whites had lived side by side with blacks , among them Africans and people of mixed race , known variously as mulattoes , quadroons and octoroons .
Some of them were slaves ; others the so - called " free people of color " — many of them refugees from a bloody slave revolt in the former French colony of Haiti .
Entitled to own property and operate their own businesses , the free people of color were by far the most prosperous black community in the United States .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
The free people of color have their own cultural institutions .
They have their own community .
But at the same time they interact quite easily with the white power structure in the city .
The kinds of clear separation that exist in other places in the United States just are n't present in New Orleans .
Raphael Cassimere , Jr. , Historian :
The amalgamation of the Africans and whites created basically one culture where everybody was accepted , belonged .
It worked well because people kind of understood class structure .
I mean even though you lived next door to somebody did n't necessarily mean that you are socially their equal .
But free blacks as well as slaves had a place in society .
Narrator :
Into this century - old city of some 7,000 people had come the Americans — English - speaking , Protestant and accustomed to a rigid line between black and white .
They had come pouring south from the eastern seaboard and the Kentucky hill country — most of them bent on making money , and doing so in the American way .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian :
We came in and we wanted to impose our ways on an alternative European civilization .
We wanted to impose the English language .
We wanted to get rid of the local culture .
So there was this struggle for the soul of New Orleans .
Narrator : By 1820 , the Americans ' commercial connections had made New Orleans a bustling entry port for bananas and coffee from Latin America ; cotton , sugar , rice and tobacco from the plantations of the South ; tens of thousands of slaves from Virginia .
Kalamu ya Salaam , Writer : New Orleans was the major international port in the South .
It was the entry point for much of the traffic coming from Europe .
It was the easiest way to export grain , and heavy manufactured goods , most of which were coming out of the Midwest and all of them end up passing New Orleans .
Narrator : " In a few years , " one observer concluded , " this will be an American town ... and everything French will in time disappear . "
It was a prediction that never quite came true .
John Biguenet , Writer : The Americans were not given very serious regard .
That prejudice persisted so long that my grandfather you know , 200 years after the Louisiana Purchase still called tourists the Americans , the Americans came every summer , he said .
Narrator : The Creoles ' refusal to assimilate was so staunch that in the end , it would be etched into the map of the growing city .
Decades after the Americans ' arrival , the Vieux Carré remained the nearly - exclusive territory of the Creoles .
The newcomers were settled farther upriver , with their own business district , called the " American sector , " and a neighborhood of stately homes that would come to be known the Garden District .
Street names changed as they crossed Canal , the so - called " neutral ground " between the French city and the American one — and what was Chartres on one side became Camp on the other .
Each side had its own opera house and its own churches , its own shipping canals , reservoirs and levees .
And each had its own ruling class — a small , select elite comprised of those who were both wealthy and white .
Meanwhile , as the port prospered , New Orleans lured immigrants from all over the world — from France and the French colonies in the West Indies ; from China and the Philippines , Ireland , Germany and Sicily .
By the middle of the nineteenth century , New Orleans would be home to some one hundred thousand people , forty percent of them foreign - born and more of mixed racial ancestry than anywhere else in the United States .
Ari Kelman , Historian : New Orleans is a place that never has a single truly dominant culture .
You 've got these French Creoles , this Creole elite in the city that does n't want to lose power and you 've got American newcomers who ... who want power very , very badly .
You 've got again , slaves and free people of color .
Then you 've got people from all over the world and they all have to live sort of cheek by jowl .
And it makes for a , a very , very complicated cultural dynamic and in some cases , very exciting cultural dynamic but one that also can be very , very explosive .
Narrator :
Over the century to come , the many and varied peoples of New Orleans would struggle to live together — contending with one another to sink roots in unstable soil .
Along the way , they would make their city the site of a radical experiment in American democracy , one that would test whether diversity would prove a dangerous liability or a vital , creative force .
TEDDY : The cemetery is a connection for the living to their past .
It 's like a touchstone .
It has nothing to do with the dead ; it has to do with the living .
You know there is a tradition in New Orleans of giving picnics in the cemetery .
And I do n't know if other people do that , but it 's done in New Orleans and its not considered unusual .
You just bring a picnic basket , you go sit in the cemetery , and you have a picnic .
TEDDY : Cemeteries are open .
Nobody bothers you .
And you go visit , whether it 's your family or somebody else 's family .
I 've been asked to work on a tomb that 's in poor condition that we want to bring up to a condition where it 's weather tight .
TEDDY : This tomb , or at least this plaque , was made by a guy named Foyville Foy .
He and his brother were freedmen of color who had distinguished themselves as tomb builders .
They took great pride in their work .
I 'm working on this its like if I 'm working on a piece of Tiffany jewelry , except on a larger scale .
It 's all about the respect for these pieces of antiquity .
And that 's just the way I think about it .
TEDDY : I know that when I 'm done with this there will be thousands of people who will come through .
And I 've made a statement ; I 've given my piece back to my city .
I feel like I 'm assisting in telling the story of New Orleans and keeping it intact .
Everywhere I walk past these tombs , it puts me in the continuum .
I 'm continuing a tradition .
And I like being part of the continuum .
Narrator :
It was mid-afternoon in New Orleans when the crowd began to gather at the foot of Canal Street .
The date was February 25 , 1873 , and the city — like the rest of the American South — had yet to emerge from the long shadow of Civil War .
Captured by Union troops not long after the conflict began , New Orleans had endured three years of military occupation and a ruinous interruption of trade before the Confederates finally surrendered in 1865 .
The years since had been marked by unrelenting turmoil and steady economic decline -- and the city was now hovering on the brink of chaos .
To New Orleanians , it was an ideal moment for a party .
By the time the sun went down on Canal Street , thousands of them had turned out to witness the procession of " Rex , " the self - proclaimed King of Carnival and the official leader of the annual Mardi Gras parade .
Kalamu ya Salaam , Writer : It 's Fat Tuesday .
It 's the last chance to fatten yourself up before Easter .
And so it 's a religious holiday with pagan roots that never caught on in the rest of the United States because the rest of the United States was Protestant and not Catholic .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian : Carnival was something that came over from , from France and it began as a street celebration where people would mask and they'd have dances and balls so actually it percolated up from the streets , but the , the , the Carnival that a lot of people know today that 's around these " krewes , " these parades , these organized parades is something that was superimposed on Carnival .
George Schmidt , Painter : the Creoles celebrated it .
And they celebrated it so well , that at a point , in the mid 19th century , the Americans in their , " We can do anything " attitude say , " Well , we are going to take it and improve it . "
" We are going to give it some shape , some order . "
So they decide they were going to put on a procession .
And it was unbelievably popular .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian :
If you really begin to , peel away the layers of meaning and symbolism you have a , a governing group there that 's never really felt entirely in control .
They 've tried to rule , but this has been a city too unruly to rule .
The organized parade is something to kind of assert their primacy and to say , " Well , we can be arbiters of culture . "
Narrator :
The parade rolled on hour after hour , well into the night — a river of masked revelers and extravagant floats , jugglers and torch - bearers and marching bands .
As New Orleanians liked to say , it was by far " the greatest free show on earth . "
But for the spectators in 1873 , the most vivid impression would be left by the last division , the members of a secret Carnival society — or krewe — called Comus , after the ancient god of mirth .
They emerged out of the gathering darkness , all wearing enormous papier - mÂché animal heads that poked fun at Charles Darwin 's controversial theory of evolution by portraying well - known public figures as missing links in the chain .
Benjamin Butler , the Union General responsible for the wartime occupation of New Orleans , appeared as a hyena ; President Ulysses S. Grant , a man rarely seen without his cigar , a lowly tobacco grub .
But the most pointed lampoon came late in the evening , during the exclusive Comus ball , with the crowning of the " The Gorilla " — a caricature of Oscar J. Dunn , who recently had served as Louisiana 's lieutenant governor and had been the first black person elected to that office anywhere in the United States .
Harpers Weekly magazine hailed the Comus pageant as " irresistibly laughable . "
But the spectacle was hardly all in jest .
James Gill , Journalist :
The intent was to mock Darwin 's theory itself and also the absurdity that a black man should be at the apex of society .
So you have an attack not just on the Darwin theories , but on the social disruption that they feared it might contribute to and which of course they thought was already happening in their view during the Reconstruction era .
Narrator :
To the men behind the fanciful Comus masks , members of the secretive and socially - exclusive Pickwick Club , there were few words in the English language more loathsome than " reconstruction . "
The term referred to an 1867 act of Congress that had subjected the states of the former Confederacy , including Louisiana , to federal military rule ; but to the Pickwickians , it was synonymous with defeat and humiliation .
Before the Civil War , the men of the Pickwick Club had been the elite of New Orleans .
In their dealings as prominent businessmen and bankers , professionals and politicians , they had considerable contact with blacks , especially with the free people of color .
But such racial mixing always had taken place against the backdrop of an unquestioned social hierarchy : slaves on the bottom rung , free people of color in the middle , whites on top .
Reconstruction had changed all that .
With Congress dictating the terms of Louisiana 's readmission to the Union , and U.S. Army forces on hand to ensure compliance , blacks had been given rights previously unheard of anywhere in the United States .
First , they had been made voters and officeholders .
Then , in 1868 , Louisiana had passed its Reconstruction Constitution , which granted to all citizens of the state — black and white — absolute equality under the law .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian :
The 1868 constitution was in racial terms the most radical and progressive constitution anywhere in America .
And it was pushed by the free people of color in New Orleans who not only were wealthier but ... and more educated , but I think more politically sophisticated and self - confident .
And they said , " Listen , equality is n't just legal , it does n't mean we have the right to vote or the right to sit in juries .
It means we have a right to equal standing in the public order . "
Kalamu ya Salaam , Writer :
The Constitution reflected the thinking of black people who had a stake in governing their lives in ways in which in other parts of the country black people had not yet achieved .
You had blacks who were lawyers , who were doctors and what have you , who were bi and tri-lingual .
And not just people who were ex-slaves .
So these people have a different consciousness and it manifests itself in political terms .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
And of course there 's an entrenched white power structure that finds that abhorrent , distasteful , profoundly threatening , and those people do everything in their power to sort of turn back the clock .
Narrator : Inspired by the Ku Klux Klan , aggrieved Pickwickians now joined with other whites in New Orleans and formed a volunteer militia called the Crescent City White League .
According to the League 's published platform , their aim was to put an end to Reconstruction — and to what they called " the most absurd inversion of the relations of race . "
On September 14 , they took action .
That morning , the leaders of the White League held a mass rally on Canal Street and urged the several thousand men in attendance to return to their homes , arm themselves and seize control of the state government .
During the tense hours that followed , White Leaguers marched on the Customs House , where Louisiana 's governor was holed up in an office , and demanded his resignation .
When he refused to step down , a force of several hundred White League members opened fire on the city 's bi-racial police force , leaving eleven dead and sixty more wounded .
By the end of the day , the White League was in full control of New Orleans .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian : Basically what they did was launch a coup d'etat .
But President Grant and Republicans in Washington said no , this is too much of a defiance of legitimate order .
Narrator : Grant immediately dispatched federal troops — and within a week , the insurrection had been subdued .
But the federal intervention would only fuel the resistance to Reconstruction .
James Gill , Journalist :
You could look at that as the beginning of the end of the Reconstruction era because the White League remained strong , in fact was patrolling the streets in 1877 when the federals finally decided to withdraw and then once the federals went , then white society was free to undo what had been done in Reconstruction .
So in fact the Confederates had lost the war but of course were about to win the peace .
Ari Kelman : New Orleans spends a lot of time trying to segregate itself socially and racially , trying to figure out who 's white , who 's black , who 's American , who 's Creole , and that 's what happens with Carnival .
There 's all the very , very complicated racial and social dynamics that play out during carnival .
The different krewes represent different segments of the city 's socio-economic and racial makeup .
People are trying very , very hard to identify clearly who they are by joining certain krewes at Carnival .
Mother : Rex has always been a part of our family .
Growing up , having a grandfather who was king .
My grandparents , my parents , my uncles , my aunts were involved .
They 've been very active in the organization .
Queen :
You see the queens and the kings every year when you watch the parade and you know its just , its just weird to think that its me this year .
It 's such an honor
Coach :
We 're going to do entrance to the ball but were not going to be able to walk the whole way .
Remember stretch your arm out .
Up .
Walk in .
Project to your audience .
Good .
Come on the floor .
Y'all stand for a second .
Good .
Look at Rex , boss him around .
Ok , Good .
Good .
Mother :
It 's going to be a beautiful ball .
It 's all gold .
And she 's just going to come out with a big old smile on her face and just brighten up the whole room .
Coach : Out .
Move your hands all the way around .
End up looking at your pages .
Mother :
It 's just going to be beautiful .
Flag Man :
Well , we have the royal flag here .
I 'd like to present this flag to you .
Mother : Holy Mackerel .
I did n't realize it was this big .
Flag Man :
This is yours .
From the organization .
Dresser :
Are you ready ?
Gee , I 've never actually done this .
Mother :
She knows all the cues and they have their signals , and she knows when to change her scepter from her right hand to her left hand , and she knows when to bow .
And of course she 's a little nervous , but she 's got the stamina and she 's got the poise that she 'll handle it just beautifully .
Look at her , does n't she look gorgeous ?
Father :
It is a beautiful shawl .
It really sparkles in the light too .
You 're such a pretty girl .
Queen : Aw , thank you .
Mother :
The minute the monarchs step out on the floor , it is just breathtaking .
Truly it 's a play .
They know the cues and they have their signals .
And it 's a beautiful set .
They have fountains going , and the women are all dressed up all so pretty .
And the men are all so handsome .
And it 's a big wow for anybody who 's never seen it .
Rex is the soul of our city .
This is what makes it so unique and so charming .
We 're and old city .
We 've got these traditions that have n't gone away .
Evidently they work .
Narrator :
On the first of September 1891 , eighteen prominent New Orleanians assembled at the French Quarter offices of The Crusader , the city 's black weekly newspaper , to discuss a looming crisis .
Fourteen years had passed since federal Reconstruction had come to an end — and in that time , the once - buoyant hopes of black Americans had been swamped by savage violence .
Over the previous year alone , more than a hundred black southerners had been lynched — an average of two each week .
Racial discrimination , meanwhile , had begun to be written into law .
In Louisiana , the legislature recently had passed the Separate Car Act , requiring railroad companies to provide separate accommodations for white and black passengers , and similar laws already were pending in five other states across the South .
Rebecca Scott , Historian : Equal but separate , that was the phrase and what was happening in that moment of equal but separate had to do with much more than the first - class railway car .
It had to do with the state of Louisiana saying to its population of color , you are different .
You are to be excluded .
Narrator : Now ,
The Crusader 's chief editorial contributor , Rodolphe Desdunes , had called upon the elite in New Orleans ' black community to spearhead the resistance .
This " law is unconstitutional , " Desdunes argued .
" It is like a slap in the face of every member of the black race . "
Like most of those present at The Crusader meeting , Desdunes was a so - called " Creole of color " and hailed from the community of blacks who had been free before the Civil War .
Born in 1849 to a Haitian father and a Cuban mother , he had grown up in the Vieux Carré , where many people of color were so light - skinned as to be indistinguishable from whites ; where French was spoken in the streets ; and where the ideals of the French Revolution -- liberté , fraternité and egalité — could be easily recited by any school - aged child .
[ alt : liberty , fraternity , equality ]
Too young to have participated in the equal rights struggles during Reconstruction , Desdunes was instead their beneficiary — and had come of age in the most integrated city in the South .
Kalamu ya Salaam , Writer :
Here you have people who had been living free for years and years — doctors , lawyers , craftspeople , etc .
And all of a sudden you 're in a society where they had to have a separate car for people of color and a separate car for whites .
They fought against it .
Raphael Cassimere , Jr. , Historian :
These people believed that it was illegal to impose racial segregation in public places .
They were confident if they got this to court , the courts were going to rule that the state does not have the right to force passengers to sit in certain cars .
Narrator : Calling themselves the Citizens Committee , Desdunes and his fellow activists began to meet in secret at The Crusader 's offices — and over the next several months , their plan took shape .
A person of color would be sent to board a whites - only railroad car .
When the conductor directed him to the car for blacks , he would refuse to go .
Once he had been arrested and charged , the Citizens Committee legal team would use his case to challenge the Separate Car Act in the courts .
The man selected to act the part of the passenger was a fellow New Orleanian , a shoemaker named Homer Plessy .
By his own accounting , Plessy was seven - eighths white — and the African blood , he noted , was " not discernible . "
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian :
What they wanted to show is if you could n't tell the difference between a black person and a white person is n't any line of racial differentiation by definition arbitrary and capricious ?
I mean how ... if you can't tell the difference , how can you make a law saying that people should be separated ?
Narrator : In November 1892 , in a session of the Louisiana Criminal Court , Judge John Howard Ferguson held Homer Plessy guilty of violating the Separate Car Act .
The Citizens Committee would appeal the ruling , all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States .
As Desdunes explained to those who criticized the move as too aggressive : " We believe that it is ... more noble and worthy to fight than to show oneself passive and resigned . "
Rebecca Scott , Historian : Rodolphe Desdunes was fighting this one to win it .
But he was also fighting this one for the record .
So that if anyone claimed that what forced racial segregation was simply a customary means of southern life , there would be an indisputable record that this group of people had fought it tooth and nail .
Narrator :
It took more than four years for Plessy v. Ferguson to work its way through the courts .
Meanwhile , the segregation laws on Louisiana 's books multiplied .
Then came the U.S. Supreme Court ruling on Plessy .
In May 1896 , with only one Justice dissenting , the Court upheld the right of states to segregate people on the basis of race .
Among those rendering the majority opinion was Justice Edward Douglas White , member of the New Orleans Pickwick Club , formerly Private White , Company E , Crescent City White League .
Desdunes and his fellow activists were crushed .
" Notwithstanding this decision , " they wrote , " we , as freemen , still believe that we were right . "
Rebecca Scott , Historian :
When we think back on this moment , and the lost opportunity , it is extraordinarily poignant .
I think part of what makes it so painful , is to realize that when they lost in 1896 , it meant that the entire country lost an opportunity to really embody the new birth of freedom that the Civil War had been meant to create .
And it opened up the space for something very different to be built .
And once that edifice of white supremacy was built it would be impossible to dismantle , by normal political means .
Narrator : Soon after the decision , The Crusader ceased publication and the Citizens Committee disbanded .
Over the next several years , under so - called Jim Crow statutes , blacks in New Orleans and throughout the South would be deprived of the right to vote , and relegated to separate facilities that , in most cases , were decidedly unequal .
By World War I , even the Catholic Churches would impose the color line .
But statutes alone could not unravel the racial complexity of New Orleans .
Just before Jim Crow was to take effect on the city 's streetcars in 1902 , the president of one company complained that the new law imposed an unfair burden .
James Gill , Journalist :
The company made a statement and I can't remember it verbatim , but the effect was ... we picked ... our conductors are intelligent , educated men and they 're competent and can do a reasonable job , but no one can tell the difference between blacks and whites in this place .
Narrator :
As if to prove to the point , in 1921 , long after blacks had been barred from the polls , Homer Plessy would fill out a voter registration card — and list his race as " white . "
Leah Chase : On August the 29th , I 'll never forget that day , Dooky Chase really took a whipping .
We had five feet of water .
Five feet of water on the bar , about three feet in the dining rooms .
My whole restaurant is gone .
It is gutted all out .
I have nowhere to start , nothing .
Leah Chase :
Oh , this is a disaster .
This was once my beautiful dining room .
HA .
That was just there .
We had to rip out that wall because you see they tell you , you rip out a foot or a couple of feet over where the water stop , and the water stopped along here like two feet .
I worked the kitchen seven days a week from eight o'clock until we close at night .
And that can get a bit weird .
And you wonder how you did it or how you 'd do it again if you have to do it .
But I 'd like to be doing it again .
Back in the old days , I married into the restaurant .
In '41 My mother in law lived next door .
But you have to understand now , in ' 41 , African Americans did not eat out .
Well they had no place to eat out to begin with .
They had no restaurants , as we know restaurants today .
Everybody ; Duke Ellington , as great as he was , there was no place for him to eat , he had to eat here .
King Cole had to eat here .
Everybody had to eat here .
Oh , mercy .
These kettles , I 'm glad nothing happened to them .
See because the water did n't get up to maybe nine inches .
But I can make 20 gallons of gumbo in here , and 30 gallons in here .
So one lady say " You ca n't get rid of that stove .
Some museum wants this stove .
Look how many people you 've cooked for on this stove . "
Well , I cooked for a lot of people .
I cooked for Thurgood Marshall on this stove .
I cooked for Big Daddy King on this stove .
I cooked for everybody on this stove .
Leah Chase :
But I think it 's time for Leah to get another stove .
Leah Chase 's Husband : I agree .
Leah Chase : Oh , Lord , he agrees .
He agrees I get another stove .
Leah Chase :
This is going to be a quick gumbo .
You know the kitchen to me is what saves me .
And that 's the way it is in New Orleans .
If you lose a member of your family , people start bringing you food .
Food is like a healer to us .
And when we give it to you , we feel we doing something great for you .
Leah Chase :
We do n't need to baptize .
You know that 's what the Creoles would say , you know .
They make this giant pot of gumbo .
Now you 'd make a pot of gumbo , like that pot , in the average family .
So when you got more guests , you know they say , oh Lord , here come more guests , we got to baptize the gumbo .
So that meant you had to put a little bit more water in the gumbo .
Leah Chase :
More people do n't understand about my restaurant more than anything else , I had to build a whole community .
People wonder why you do what you do , why you stay in the neighborhood .
Well you stay where you 're comfortable and you stay where you 're needed .
And I feel that we need to be here .
We need to save our neighborhood .
John Biguenet , Writer :
When you travel outside New Orleans , if you 're a New Orleanian , you feel as if you 're always in exile .
People , in our experience , after we fled New Orleans , because of Katrina , could not have been more generous to us .
Everywhere we went , we were offered the kindest hospitality .
But every gesture of that hospitality reminded us we were n't home .
The food was different , the accent was different , the coffee was weaker .
Everything pushed us to come back , where we'd be among our friends and our community .
Narrator : In New Orleans , always and everywhere , there was music .
And like the people who lived there at the turn of the century , it came from all over the world — French waltzes and Spanish habaneras , German polkas , Irish ballads and Italian arias , rhythms at once African and Cuban and Caribbean .
Tom Piazza , Writer : Every different strain in this city maintained its color and each of them brought with them a very vibrant musical culture .
Also , New Orleans had a big tradition of street music .
There were all these little groups of serenaders , who would go around , and they ... little string bands just like a mandolin and maybe a fiddle and a guitar .
And they 'd just kind of rove the streets in the evening , and they might stop underneath your window and play you a little tune , and maybe you 'd throw some money down for them .
You 'd also have something called spasm bands , which were just little groups , of usually of very young kids who might have like a kazoo and a washboard And this was constant .
George Schmidt , Painter : I can remember , everything was vended off the street .
And so a lot of the vendors would have a chant , " I got bananas .
I got watermelons .
I got bananas .
I have a watermelon . "
You know , they would come down the street .
In a cart .
In a big wagon pulled by a mule , you know , and that was all over the place .
Narrator :
There were dozens of brass bands in town , and they played wherever New Orleanians gathered — at picnics and political rallies , backyard birthday parties , dance halls and saloons .
And in a city where , as a visitor once observed , " no hour of the day was immune from a parade , " they often brought the music right into the streets — providing accompaniment for everything from Mardi Gras and lodge celebrations to funeral processions .
The sound seemed to ricochet all over town .
" It was like a phenomenon , like the Aurora Borealis , " one New Orleanian recalled , " ... that music could come on any time . "
Kalamu ya Salaam , Writer : New Orleans is an outside culture .
New Orleans , unlike most of the rest of the United States , has the procession as part and parcel of cultural daily life so that things move through the community rather than the community going to one spot .
Tom Piazza , Writer :
If you are sitting in your living room or parlor and a parade comes down the street , you 're likely to hear it and to want to come out and check it out the way all your neighbors are doing .
It encourages a kind of communal celebration to , to occur almost continually , in the neighborhoods .
John Scott , Artist :
There is a kind of intimacy of living in New Orleans that 's a little bit different than other places .
Even under segregation , neighborhoods were basically mixed .
I mean people had to experience each other .
Ari Kelman , Historian : Rich , poor , white , non-white , people all live on top of each other .
It 's not a matter of choice , you know the city 's not so utopian as all that , it 's just necessity .
There 's nowhere else to go .
The city 's confined to this narrow swath of land that , that , that shadows the river so that leads to a kind of , really , unusual cultural mixing in New Orleans .
Narrator : As one Afro - Creole remembered it : " We always swapped platters of our best cooking with the French and Italians next door .
...
Whenever we had dinner ... it was just over the fence . "
George Schmidt , Painter : I like to use the word " various , variety . "
We have a , a variety of customs here .
And they are not " diverse " in the sense you draw a line between you and me .
What it means is , is that the culture is transmittable .
It transmits .
It transfers .
It does n't depend upon your race .
Narrator :
So it was that in the mid-1890's , all of New Orleans heard what some would later call " the big noise . "
It came from way uptown , from a neighborhood of Irish , German and African - American laborers , many of the blacks recent migrants from the Mississippi Delta .
It had echoes of the improvised music those new arrivals brought with them — the spirituals of the Baptist church and the blues .
But it was set to the syncopated rhythms of ragtime , which was fast becoming the most popular dance music in America .
The sound — which someone dubbed the " hot blues " — was unlike anything New Orleanians had ever heard , and they were mad for it .
Wherever the hot bands played , the crowds followed .
They jammed the honky - tonks and the dance halls , cheering and stomping and slow dancing -- sometimes until sunrise .
" We had to change , " one local player recalled , " we could n't make a living otherwise . "
Soon , musicians all over town , black and white , were riffing on the style — and playing fresh , off - the - cuff variations on the standards .
Even classically trained Afro-Creoles had to admit the black musicians uptown were on to something .
" I do n't know how they do it , " one Creole violinist marveled .
" But goddamn , they 'll do it .
Ca n't tell you what 's on the paper , but just play the hell out of it . "
John Scott , Artist :
We have never separated so - called folk art , fine art .
The umbilical of our culture , folk and fine has never been cut .
So one respects the other .
That 's not true , in European culture .
I think once the folk rises to the certain level , there is a cutoff , and it becomes something different .
Ownership changes .
With us , there is no change in ownership .
So things that develop in the street , are absorbed , and constantly refined , even by the so - called fine artists .
Narrator :
By the dawn of the 20th century , the unique , hybrid culture of New Orleans had spawned a distinctive new style of music : a swinging fusion of African rhythm and European harmony , of bold improvisation and technical virtuosity —
" Not spirituals or the blues or ragtime , " said one musician , " but everything all at once , each one putting something over on the other . "
Tom Piazza : What New Orleans really offered at that extraordinary time in its history was a working model of democracy at its most ideal .
You had a real melding of all the different kinds of musical forms you could n't really take out the French element or the African element or the Caribbean element , without unraveling the entire fabric .
It would n't be the same thing .
Narrator :
As yet , few outside of New Orleans had heard the new sound .
But in the years to come , scores of musicians would pack up their instruments and hop aboard steamboats and railcars headed north -- among them Nick LaRocca and Sidney Bechet , Kid Ory , Joe Oliver and Jelly Roll Morton , and a one - time hustler turned trumpeting sensation named Louis Armstrong .
Within a generation or two , their music would be heard all around the world .
By then , no one is sure just how , the New Orleans sound had come to be known as jazz .
John Scott , Artist : I think jazz is probably the only original American cultural contribution to the world that did n't come from somewhere else .
You know Jazz was born in the streets of New Orleans .
And it 's amazing that that little bitty place exported this product that literally changed world culture .
Irvin Mayfield , Jazz Musician :
The jazz story is not only a musical story , it 's an American story of a way of life .
You have to have people wanting to participate with one another .
You know we can think of cities all around this country that have had many years of having all kind of cultures living with one another , but if they do n't participate in a certain way , if they do n't celebrate together , if they do n't come and marry these traditions , you 're not going to birth anything significant like jazz .
And I think the city of New Orleans did it because of that participation .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian : Well , New Orleans seems to have the strongest local attachment of any place I 've ever lived in .
I think almost eighty percent of the people who live there were born there .
George Schmidt , Painter : In New Orleans you did n't feel as if you had to leave it .
There was no , you did n't say , " Oh , I , I could find something better elsewhere . "
People here were convinced [ LAUGHS ] that this was place was the center of , of the , of the universe .
Rick Bragg , Writer :
When you walk down the streets and you hear a 12 year old kid blowing his heart out on a battered trumpet , yeah you can get trumpets anywhere , but there 's something about the sound of it here , in the air , you know , the land shifts under your feet here .
It makes no sense at all to want to own a piece of it .
Yet , you know a lot of us do .
Narrator :
The rain began to fall on New Orleans sometime during the early morning hours of April 15th , 1927 , Good Friday .
Already since January , there had been four storms more severe than any in the previous decade .
But this one would be the worst .
Over the next eighteen hours , some fifteen inches of rain would fall — more in one day than New Orleans typically got in its wettest month .
Uptown , in one of the grand homes that lined St. Charles Avenue , James Pierce Butler Jr. woke to the sound of the rain , lashing against his windows .
Butler cut an imposing figure .
Six - foot - five , driven and notoriously aloof , he headed up New Orleans ' Canal Bank , the only one in the South to rank among the world 's largest , and served as President of the Boston Club , a group that revered wealth and power every bit as much as the Pickwickians .
He was also one of just six private citizens to sit on the Board of Liquidation of the City Debt , the agency that held the key to the municipal coffers .
John Barry , Writer :
It was a private organization , made up almost exclusively of the most important bankers and lawyers of the city .
They had lifetime appointments , like the supreme court .
But when one of them died or left , they named the next person to succeed them .
They were n't named by the governor or the mayor .
And the city could n't issue bonds for schools or roads or anything else , without the approval of this board of self - appointed bankers .
Narrator :
In years past , a man of Butler 's position might have been alarmed by the downpour outside .
To a city situated largely below sea level , heavy rain meant floods , floods meant chaos , and chaos was never good for business .
But for now anyway , Butler was not troubled by the storm .
The Wood pump would take care of that .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian : the Wood pump was invented by a Tulane engineer , A. Baldwin Wood , who worked for the Sewage and Water Board .
And he came up with a pump , a screw pump that had enough power , enough , propulsive power to , to not only lift up the water but then to push it out over the levees .
And once you had that hydrology in place so much becomes possible .
Narrator : The Wood pump had been the cornerstone of an ambitious , turn - of - the - century effort to shore up the city 's economy , which had been faltering ever since the Civil War .
Goods that once had floated to market along the Mississippi — and through the port of New Orleans — now increasingly went by rail , and anxious businessmen had pressed for large - scale civic improvements in hope of making their city more hospitable to commerce .
For much of its history , New Orleans had suffered a reputation as the most unsanitary city in the country .
As late as the turn of the century , when the population had topped a quarter million , there still had been no comprehensive sewage system .
Drinking water had come mainly from mosquito - infested cisterns , or else directly from the murky river , which also served as the dumping ground for most of the city 's waste .
And then , there was the so - called back swamp , the cypress wetlands that stood between the natural levee and the shore of Lake Pontchartrain .
Peirce Lewis , Geographer :
It was known as the quarter of the damned .
Because the consistency of the back swamp is something between oh , let 's say over cooked pea soup and warm Jell - O .
And in that climate , it 's mosquito ridden .
There were yellow fever epidemics periodically but they could do something in New Orleans , thanks to the Wood pumps , that they had never done before and that was to pump out the water in the back swamp .
Narrator :
By 1914 , the city 's new drainage system consisted of seven pumping stations and seventy miles of canals , and the back swamp was all but dry .
The impact was revolutionary .
Average life expectancy , which in 1880 had been fewer than 46 years , soared .
And for the first time in its history , New Orleans was freed from the natural levee .
As then Mayor Martin Behrman put it : " Land , before worthless , became at once available for agriculture and city development . "
Older neighborhoods soon stretched north toward the lake , and brand new neighborhoods sprang up along its shores — the most desirable of them reserved exclusively for whites .
Meanwhile , artificial levees were raised , new shipping canals built , the port modernized .
By 1920 , construction in the newly - drained areas had more than doubled the city 's property tax assessments and business was once again booming .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian :
This was a time in a lot of these cities - you know New York City , and Philadelphia , and Baltimore are upgrading their infrastructure in major ways .
And New Orleans was part of that .
It was one of these great kind of civil engineering , almost promethean civil engineering projects .
And we really were on the forefront of that .
Narrator : Now , on Good Friday 1927 , all that would be jeopardized by a bolt of lightning that knocked out the central power station and cut off electricity to the Wood pumps .
By the time James Butler woke that morning , New Orleans had already begun to fill with water .
At sundown , more than four feet stood in the city 's streets .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
The interesting thing about that Good Friday flood is that there 's a huge river flood slowly bearing down on the city ; one of the biggest floods in the nation 's history .
The 1927 flood is , is moving slowly and inexorably toward New Orleans and so when the city fills with water , it has nothing to do with the Mississippi River at all , it 's just a big rainstorm .
But the national press corps is in New Orleans already , because it 's covering this huge river flood and their photographers just take pictures of a flooded city .
And they juxtaposed those images with stories of this horrendous river flood and so it fuels panic .
Narrator : Although the Mississippi posed no immediate threat to New Orleans , the mere prospect of a river flood had sent the city into a tailspin .
Local wholesalers already had slashed their prices in a desperate effort to unload inventories .
Anxious residents , meanwhile , were building boats , withdrawing huge sums from the banks , scrambling to get out of town .
The storm and the pump failure had served only to ratchet up the hysteria — and now , the city 's investors were getting jumpy .
By the close of business on Good Friday , most of the bankers in town , including Butler , had received urgent wires from New York and elsewhere demanding assurances as to the city 's safety .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
So they decide that they 've got to do something drastic .
They 've got to demonstrate to investors that their money is safe .
They 've got to demonstrate to themselves , to the city of New Orleans that they are safe , that they 're not going to be washed away in this river flood that 's moving toward them .
So they decide to blow up the levee below the city .
John Barry , Writer : Dynamiting the levee would allow the river water to escape like pulling a plug out of a bathtub .
The Corps of Engineers violently opposed the move .
They understood how weak the entire flood control system was and that that system was going to break hundreds of miles above New Orleans .
So that water was going to spread out over its natural flood plain and never get to the city .
But Butler and the rest of the people in his group were determined they were going to dynamite the levee and they were going to use their political power to make it happen .
Narrator :
They chose a site beyond the city limits , thirteen miles downriver from Canal Street , at a place called Poydras .
Dynamiting the levee there would inundate all of St. Bernard Parish and part of Plaquemines Parish — an area of interlocking wetlands that was home to some 12,000 people , most of them just barely scraping by as fur trappers or fisherman .
All were now slated to be refugees .
Within a week of the Good Friday Flood , Butler and his allies had organized themselves into the ad hoc Citizens Flood Relief Committee , and had manipulated the state 's high - ranking elected officials into signing off on the plan to blow the Poydras levee .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
They ask for the , the right to blow up the levee below the city , and they get it , because of who they are .
To say no to them is politically suicidal .
Narrator : On Wednesday , April 27th , residents of the soon - to - be - flooded parishes evacuated their homes , amid promises that they would be compensated for their losses .
Butler , meanwhile , composed a wire destined for banks and investors all across the country .
" [ D]ecision ... to cut levee ... has removed all danger to city , " he wrote , " Business and all other activities are moving along in a normal manner .
New Orleans never has been flooded by Mississippi River and in our judgment never will be . "
Two days later , with spectators jamming the road that ran south to St. Bernard Parish and the families of St. Charles Avenue watching from their yachts in the river , the charges were set at Poydras .
Ari Kelman :
They invite members of the press corps from throughout the United States and the world to go and view this .
They do flyovers with military aircraft to make sure that the area is secure .
And then at a certain moment they lower the plunger and there 's this massive explosion and then nothing happens .
It 's a big dud .
It turns out that the levee is better constructed than anyone thought .
Narrator :
It would take ten days and 39 tons of dynamite to finally breach the levee .
Before the job was finished , another levee upriver would give way , just as predicted .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
There was never any real reason to blow up the levee and that 's probably the most tragic element of the story .
For St. Bernard and Plaquemines Parish and the people who live there it's a disaster .
Makes them virtually uninhabitable for many , many months .
The Citizens Flood Relief Committee promise that they 're going to give them reparations .
And they never make good on that promise .
John Barry , Writer :
While these 12,000 refugees , created by the city of New Orleans were being housed in warehouses , Jim Butler and his colleagues decided that they would deduct the cost of feeding these people from any settlement that they gave them .
They simply stiffed the victims .
So what this flood did was wash away the surface and reveal what lay beneath .
And what lay beneath was some pretty ruthless people who would use power for what they regarded as the best interest of the city .
John Scott , Artist :
You have to be a strange kind of being to live in a place this dangerous by nature .
I mean we live in a bowl , surrounded by water , on a flood plain .
You can't bury people below ground , because in the heavy rain caskets will pop up .
We 've lived with yellow fever mosquitoes , and we keep going .
Survival by improvisation .
Krewe Member 1 : The original Mardi Gras beads were all made out of glass .
Krewe Member 2 : So we have here a destroyed house , and we 're going to have , this is Rita and that 's Katrina , in bed together .
It 's been an interesting project because myself , and of course many other people in fact do live in flooded houses .
And when we first came up with the idea I was n't too keen on it .
Interestingly as the month 's gone on and we 've kind of made jokes about destroyed houses and everything , it 's actually had a healing process for many of us .
Krewe Member 3 : The concept is that since we 're having so much trouble getting the federal government to take care of responsibilities of building things back , maybe the French will do better .
So by ... we 're asking the French within the Louisiana Purchase to buy back Louisiana .
Krewe Member 4 : Our theme this year is " there 's no place like home . "
So we 're going to drop a house on some really bad politicians .
Krewe Member 5 : I know there was controversy about whether we should have Mardi Gras or not , when we have to do this sort of stuff , you know , to reenergize ourselves .
Krewe Member 6 : Well , everybody 's been making fun of the whole thing , because that 's the only way you keep your sanity .
We can't give this up , this is what we 're made of .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
There 's something to be said for the fact that when New Orleans faces adversity , when it 's dealing with tragedy , when it 's down on its luck , New Orleans ' answer always is to pop the corks and have a good meal and then go dancing .
Tom Piazza , Writer :
One of the main things that you learn from New Orleans is how to participate in life as it unfolds .
You learn to embrace the fact that you can't control everything in advance .
We have just a little while to stay here , and if we are lucky enough to make it to the table again for one more meal , then that fact needs to be celebrated and fully experienced and lived to the hilt .
Narrator : The American novelist Sherwood Anderson once declared New Orleans " the most civilized spot in America " — the one city in the country , he said , where there " [ is ] time for a play of the imagination over the facts of life . "
During the 1920's , that recommendation lured aspiring writers from all over the country — among them Hart Crane and Robert Penn Warren , Thornton Wilder , William Faulkner and Ezra Pound .
By the end of the decade , New Orleans had become the literary capital of the American South .
Kenneth Holditch , Writer / Educator : Rent was cheap , food was very good and very inexpensive .
Liquor was very inexpensive and readily available , even though it was illegal everywhere in the country .
All of those elements I think combined , to create a place comfortable for the writer or the artist to be here and to be let alone .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian :
It 's always been a special scene where you could ... find some space ... where you could expatriate without having to go to Paris , for example .
And if you 're marginal , if you know an exile from your own , own culture , this is a place I think where you can find some room to find ... to define who you are .
Narrator : Now , late on the night of December 26th , 1938 , a bus from Memphis deposited another young writer on the dark , narrow streets of New Orleans .
Lugging a wind - up phonograph , a portable typewriter and a bound ledger he used as a journal , he made his way to a small hotel on St. Charles Avenue , and checked in for the night .
His name was Tom Williams — and he'd come to New Orleans the way the persecuted seek asylum .
After months of living in his parents ' home in St. Louis , and under the gaze of his disapproving father , Williams finally had had enough — and the morning after Christmas , he headed for New Orleans , " like a migratory bird , " he later wrote , " going to a more congenial climate . "
Less than forty - eight hours after he arrived , he confided to his journal : " Here surely is the place that I was made for if any place on this funny old world . "
Rick Bragg , Writer : New Orleans offered homes to creative people and troubled people and people who did n't fit where they were so they came here to try to find some kind of acceptance and some kind of more than acceptance ... happiness , you know .
You can find acceptance , but New Orleans gave you acceptance and happiness .
It let you dance with people like you .
Narrator : Williams ' first days in New Orleans were a revelation .
He was mesmerized by the architecture , by the light , by the " rattletrap streetcars " as he called them — one named Cemeteries , another Desire .
But it was in the Vieux Carré — or old French Quarter — that Williams found New Orleans its most alluring .
" This is the most fascinating place I 've ever been , " he wrote his mother .
" I walk continually , there is so much to see .
...
The Quarter is really quainter than anything I have seen abroad , alive with antique and curio shops . "
Abandoned by white Creoles in the years after the Civil War , the Quarter since had been home mainly to Italian immigrants and poor blacks .
By the turn of the century , it had been widely considered a slum .
Then , in the 1920's , the literary crowd had arrived — and discovered in the neglect and decay a kind of romance , and a powerful source of inspiration .
As Williams later put it , the French Quarter was " the last frontier of Bohemia .
... a place in love with life . "
Rick Bragg , Writer : Williams found a home here .
Life is more naked here .
You hear smoke stacks and you hear streetcars , faith and ghosts and , death are all parts of this quilt here and its just , you know that 's why writers can't resist it .
It 's just ; it 's never very far from you .
Its hard to walk past life being lived here , you got to drop in on it .
John Scott , Artist : I think you go to a lot of cities , and people will dress up in the evening , to go to a cultural event .
In New Orleans , you wake up in the morning , and you are in a cultural event .
Kenneth Holditch , Writer / Educator :
You know , there 's an old saying in New Orleans that the typical New Orleans meal is sitting around eating fine food , talking about what you had to eat yesterday and what you 're going to eat tomorrow .
And it 's very tempting to just be constantly partying .
And Williams was always fascinated by , by the people here and the sort of easygoing lifestyle .
Narrator : Williams quickly settled into a routine .
In the mornings , he wrote — seated at a rickety old desk in his rented third - floor garret on Toulouse Street .
Afternoons were spent with other artists who called the Quarter home , parked at a sidewalk table at the Café du Monde or Napoleon House — smoking cigarettes , debating politics , and watching the world go by .
At night , he headed for the infamous stretch of Exchange Alley , where men gathered in dimly lit barrooms to meet other men .
Williams had had homosexual feelings before .
But his upbringing had been so austere that he had not even recognized them for what they were .
Now , for the first time , they could be openly acknowledged .
" [ The liberating effects of the city ] gave me an inner security I did n't have before , " he once said .
" I was able to write better .
I began to write with maturity . "
Kenneth Holditch , Writer / Educator :
He , he realized that he could live the lifestyle that he wanted to live , that he had been suppressing without being noticed very much .
He said he found in New Orleans a freedom he had always needed and the shock of it against the Puritanism of his nature he said , gave him the material he'd be writing about for the rest of his life .
Narrator : About a month into his stay in New Orleans , Williams decided to enter a national drama contest , and submitted a collection of one - acts entitled American Blues .
This piece he signed differently from all the others he had ever written — not as " Tom Williams , " but as Tennessee Williams .
In New Orleans , he had found not only his voice , but himself .
Late in his life , Williams would insist that more than half of his best work had been written in New Orleans .
The city would provide the setting for six of his short stories , five short plays , and three full - length dramas , including the iconic A Streetcar Named Desire .
Rick Bragg , Writer :
His writer 's eye caught the menace .
Caught that glittering menace in New Orleans .
He saw every speck of dirt .
I think he saw every speck of broken glass .
And I think he shook those things up , like he shook them up in a potion , and poured it out in his writing .
Narrator : " New Orleans and the moon have always seemed to me to have an understanding between them , " Williams later wrote , " An intimacy of sisters grown old together , no longer needing more than a speechless look to communicate their feelings to each other ... this lunar atmosphere of the city draws me back whenever ... a time of recession is called for ... each time I have felt some rather profound psychic wound , a loss or a failure , I have returned to [ New Orleans ] .
At such periods I would seem to belong there and no place else in the country . "
Amzie :
Oh yes , what 's up man .
When I first came to French Quarter , I went " Oh my God .
This is the best place I ever seen in my whole life . "
You and I want to be here right now , as long as I can be .
It 's like all the people who live around me are like musicians , and artists , and poets , painter , writers , and stuff .
So you walk around within this environment .
I think of it as kind of like a kid .
And you know like when you have a kid in a playpen , and they 're in an enriched environment .
They 're always growing , always learning , always alive , and their IQ goes up , everything , their motor skills grow up .
Here I think is just a big playpen .
The Quarter was built by the people , by the French and Spanish , who understood architecture , and understood aesthetics , and understood beauty , and created a living environment for the people to be enriched in .
And you can walk through the quarter at three in the morning on a January night and there 's a full moon .
And in New Orleans you 've got freaks that have been here for 300 years .
So its like , it 's okay to be here .
I always wonder , especially when I 'm making a poster or a painting or something , I 'm wondering what does someone who comes from somewhere else see when they first walk in here .
Tourists ... they come and they want to see what the real New Orleans is about .
The sad part is that they come to Bourbon Street , they stay in hotel .
They get drunk .
They see some titty dancers , and then they go home and say " I do n't what 's the big deal about New Orleans is . "
You think of New Orleans as , you know , like a place longitude and latitude on a map , on the earth .
But in a sense , like , New Orleans to me is an address in the whole of the whole of the universe of existence .
And if you match up with that address , if you 're supposed to be here , then you 'll feel it .
You 'll walk in here and you 'll go " Whoa ! "
Narrator :
At mid-century , New Orleans had no native son more celebrated than the great jazz trumpeter Louis Armstrong .
Since leaving his hometown in 1922 , he had performed all over the United States , made two tours of Europe , played on scores of hit records and appeared in a half - dozen Hollywood films , including one called New Orleans .
" No band musician today on any instrument ... can get through 32 bars without musically admitting a debt to Armstrong , " said the drummer Gene Krupa .
" Louis did it all , and he did it first . "
Now , in late February 1949 , the 48 - year - old New Orleanian was headed home , to the city where both he and jazz had been born .
The occasion was Mardi Gras.
New Orleans ' premiere black Carnival krewe , the Zulu Social Aid and Pleasure Club , had invited Armstrong to reign as King in its annual parade — an event TIME magazine described as " a broad , dark satire on the expensive white goings - on in another part of town . "
John Scott , Artist : Zulu was a parody .
It was black people making fun by imitating white people imitating European royalty .
So it was almost like a reverse minstrel show on the absurdity of Rex and Comas and those parades .
They just took it to the extreme .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian : If Rex came in the river and Rex was wearing a crown and a scepter , well Zulu would come down on a barge in the New Basin Canal wearing a lard can and waving a banana stalk or something .
And they would wear black face , they were black people doing black face .
To poke fun and say , you know you may ... making a lot of , a big to do about race , but here 's what we think about it .
It was a time for them to , to vocalize dissent when dissent had been pretty much closed down .
And I think that 's probably one of the things , sort of unstated about , about Louis Armstrong , why he , you know he was anxious to , to be part of it .
Narrator : Armstrong had grown up with Zulu .
Most of the krewe 's members were longshoremen from the Third Ward , the gritty district on the edge of the back swamp where Armstrong had lived as a boy .
Like the rest of the kids in the neighborhood , he 'd spent many a Mardi Gras trailing behind Zulu and its band , blowing on an old tin horn in the so - called second line — the boisterous swarm that spontaneously gathered around most every parade in New Orleans .
Interview : I know that you said in your interview with Time that you had one great ambition in life , and that was to be King Zulu , and after that , you could die .
Is that right ?
Armstrong : Yes , that 's right .
OK , well I do n't want the lord to take me literally , but it ...
George Schmidt , Painter : My mother was a big Louis Armstrong fan .
That 's all she played , was Louis Armstrong , you know ?
[ SINGS ]
" Someday , you 'll be sorry .
[ HUMS ]
That it was wrong .
[ HUMS ] "
That 's all we heard .
I mean , it was like , you know ... it was constant .
And one day , well , you see , we were on the parade route .
And it was 1949 .
And , we were standing in the yard .
I am five years old .
And this float goes past .
And this man in — this man in Black face , with his big White lips , you know , and the crown comes past .
And my mother bent down .
She says , " George , that 's Louis Armstrong . " [ LAUGHS ]
Narrator : Armstrong spent most of the day on Zulu's float , downing champagne and tossing hand - painted coconuts into the cheering crowds .
" People from all over the world — his fans — had come to see him , " one musician in his band recalled .
" I 've never seen anything [ so ] beautiful in my life . "
George Schmidt , Painter : The Zulu parade in those days , it just meandered all over town .
There was no route .
Although when Louis was the King , they brought it onto St. Charles Avenue , ' cause he was , he was so popular with people down here , Whites and Blacks .
Narrator : On Mardi Gras , New Orleans looked just as Armstrong remembered it : everyone mingling in the streets , people of every hue celebrating together in a spirit of mutual respect , if not perfect harmony .
But on Ash Wednesday , the city returned to business as usual — and Armstrong could see just how much things had changed .
Some 570,000 people now lived in New Orleans — half - again as many as when he'd left town .
What then had been cypress swamp now was mostly settled , the muck replaced by parks and golf courses , and California - style bungalows .
And though blacks and whites continued to live side by side in many parts of the city , as they always had , some neighborhoods , like Armstrong 's own Third Ward , were fast becoming predominantly black — as many of the white residents moved to new neighborhoods nearer to the lake .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
The 1940s are a period in which you see radical cultural changes happening in New Orleans , as , as the old residential settlement patterns in the city disappear — the , the , the mixed housing patterns where rich and poor and black and white people are living right next - door to each other , that had so much to do with the city 's culture and what made New Orleans New Orleans .
And you see a new New Orleans emerge .
Narrator : Armstrong had come up in a time when Jim Crow was still novel enough to be flouted with some regularity — by both whites and blacks .
Now , even in the neighborhoods that were still racially - mixed , segregation was a deeply - rooted feature of life in New Orleans — as pervasive and predictable as the humidity .
Raphael Cassimere , Jr. , Historian : I could remember my mother riding to town , I guess you call it , going to Canal Street with one of our white neighbors .
They would talk to each other at the bus stop , they would get on the bus , the neighbor would sit in front of the screen , my mother would sit behind the screen and they would talk .
Segregation had become so traditional I do n't even know if they understood the contradictions .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian : Louis Armstrong understood this was n't really the natural order of things , growing up in New Orleans .
The person who gave him money for his first instrument was a Russian Jew named Karnovsky on Rampart Street , which was the black Jewish shopping district .
And I mean that kind of tells you something .
And he used to play in an Italian bar .
And so when he came back and saw this city trying to be arch - segregated , I think he was deeply offended .
I think he felt this really went against what he thought the true New Orleans was .
Narrator : Not even fame could spare Armstrong .
He was celebrated enough to be given the key to the city — but he still had to stay in a Jim Crow hotel .
John Scott , Artist : Having sat down with royalty and all the rest of these people and had his humanity respected .
Of course it was difficult to come back to a place where here it is you know you 're on a first name basis with kings and some guy that owns a run down hotel is going to tell you go to the back door .
Louis Armstrong did n't have to tolerate that .
Narrator : Armstrong left New Orleans in disgust , vowing never to return .
" Ain't it stupid , " he would later say .
" Jazz was born there , and I remember when it was n't no crime for cats of any color to get together and blow ... I do n't care if I never see the city again .
Honestly , they treat me better all over the world than they do in my home town . "
John Scott , Artist : Unless you understand the so called lack of contradiction in contradictory things in New Orleans , it 's going to be difficult for you to understand New Orleans .
Explained in the simplest way is , if you have ever seen a second line in New Orleans , you could have a thousand people in the street .
Each one of those people are actually dancing , doing their own thing .
Absolute diversity .
But every last one of them , are dancing to the exact same beat .
Complete unity .
And it 's harmonious .
And it exists .
It 's the only city in the world that I know of , where you can have total unity , and absolute diversity , existing simultaneously , without contradiction .
Narrator :
The news cameras were already rolling by the time six - year - old Ruby Bridges arrived at William J. Frantz Elementary School , on the morning of November 14th , 1960 .
This was , after all , no ordinary school day — and Bridges was no ordinary first grader .
The instant she crossed the threshold , William J. Frantz became the first integrated public school in New Orleans .
Frantz Elementary was located in the Ninth Ward , a swampy , flood - prone district , downriver from the French Quarter .
Long considered undesirable by wealthy New Orleanians , the area had first been settled by poor blacks and immigrant laborers at the turn - of - the - century — and , like some of the older neighborhoods in the city , it remained racially - mixed .
John Biguenet , Writer : Racism took a very particular form in New Orleans .
On a personal level there may really have been a great deal of courtesy between whites and blacks but on the other hand , institutionally , in terms of the educational system , in terms of its wretched public housing , the effects of the institutionalized racism here were just as pernicious as they were anywhere else in the United States .
Narrator :
For more than sixty years – ever since the Supreme Court ruling in Plessy v. Ferguson — most public schools in the United States had been strictly segregated .
In New Orleans , as in the rest of the country , those designated for African - Americans often had been shamefully neglected .
But the ones in the Ninth Ward had been among the city 's worst — dilapidated , unheated and so overcrowded that school board officials had resorted to holding two half - day sessions in order to accommodate all the black students .
Then , in 1955 , the Supreme Court handed down its landmark decision in the case of Brown v. Board of Education — declaring " separate but equal " unconstitutional and demanding the speedy desegregation of schools throughout the United States .
Raphael Cassimere , Jr. , Historian : I was in class and the telephone rang and my teacher was always serious but when she got off the phone , she was smiling and we knew it was something important and she tried to explain to us what had happened .
Immediately I thought about the whites in my neighborhood .
I lived in the lower Ninth Ward at that time and I wondered whether or not we 're going to be going to school together .
I mean , I did n't realize that it was really going to be the beginning of mass exodus of the whites out of the public school system .
Narrator :
By the time little Ruby Bridges left Frantz Elementary at the end of her first day , a large crowd of angry whites had gathered outside , chanting racist slogans .
Over the days that followed , the crowd grew larger and ever more vicious .
Meanwhile , scores of white parents pulled their children out of school .
Interviewer : Did you just take your children out of school ?
Mother : I did , I did .
Interviewer :
Why did you do that ?
Mother :
Because they 're not supposed to go with the negroes , that 's why .
Interviewer :
Why do you say that ?
Mother : Why ?
Because they was n't brought up to go with them .
That 's why .
Interviewer :
What are you going to do about an education for your children now ?
Mother : I work and go bring them to a private school .
( cheers )
Narrator :
For whites opposed to integration , the options were few .
They could send their children to expensive parochial or private schools , as many wealthy New Orleanians already did .
Or they could join the migration out to the suburbs — which by now was well under way .
Like their peers in Chicago and Detroit and Los Angeles , middle - class New Orleanians had been leaving the city in droves since the mid-1940's , following the direction of newly - completed highways and causeways into the surrounding parishes .
Now , desegregation would fuel that trend — and many Ninth Ward whites would head east to St. Bernard Parish , where they would find all - white neighborhoods and all - white schools .
Kalamu ya Salaamu , Writer :
For survival 's sake we 've had to live together .
Right .
Together in the sense of next to each other , and if not accepting , at least tolerating each other .
Come the 50's , the development of the expressways they find a way to live and not be together .
And if you 're not living next to each other you do n't have to get along .
John Biguenet , Writer : New Orleans schools of course suffered enormously as whites fled , and the tax base with them .
And the schools became predominantly black .
So integration is n't really an accurate term for what happened , it was simply a different kind of segregation that took its place .
Narrator :
Over the next several decades , urban blight struck New Orleans with a vengeance .
As huge numbers of middle - class residents fled , the city increasingly fell victim to violent crime and corruption , its infrastructure crumbling beneath the weight of perpetual neglect , its decline further speeding the exodus .
Between 1960 and 2000 , more than a hundred - thousand New Orleanians — including some middle - class blacks and nearly two - thirds of the white population — decamped to the suburbs .
George Schmidt , Painter : With suburbanization
What we lost , was the consensus .
You know , you had segregation .
But we all shared the same cultural basis .
Everybody ate the same food .
Everybody celebrated the same celebrations .
They shared in the same experience .
John Biguenet :
We had a culture that had been living shoulder to shoulder , pressed against the , the Mississippi River and we wound up with an isolation between families that did n't exist in the city .
There was a rupture between a continuous life that had been lived for hundreds of years in this particular place and the way it flowed out into surrounding parishes .
Narrator :
By the beginning of the 21st century , 67 percent of the city 's nearly half - million people were black — and 28 percent of them were living below the poverty line .
Then , at the tail end of the summer 2005 , came the storm that would change everything .
Reporter 1 : The devastation that were seeing as we make our way towards the downtown New Orleans area is absolutely astonishing .
Completely underwater , the entire residential area ...
Reporter 2 : I am looking over a scene of utter devastation .
An entire neighborhood and the water has come up to the eves of the houses , and I am told this is not the worst of it .
Mayor :
The city of New Orleans is in a state of devastation .
We probably have 80 percent of our city underwater .
Reporter 4 : It is just unbelievable .
I told you earlier today I did n't think this had turned out to be Armageddon .
I was wrong .
Ari Kelman , Historian :
In the immediate aftermath of Katrina some of the sadness and outrage I think was a byproduct of the fact that people throughout this country were seeing images of poverty and racism every night on their TV screens .
Americans had to confront the fact that there is an African American underclass in this country that lives in harm 's way .
And that was very , very unsettling .
John Biguenet , Writer : People who were here took their own boats and went out and rescued people , neighbors from rooftops , they shared what little food and water they had , while we waited for the federal government to arrive .
The federal government took five days .
In the meantime , it was New Orleans that saved itself .
John Scott , Artist :
We are the glue that keeps that city together .
It 's the love of the place .
And maybe it 's even a love / hate relationship between the people themselves that keeps that thing together , you know ?
Because there is polarization in New Orleans .
That would be remiss if I said otherwise .
But at the same time , you know , there are events and things there that bring people together , unlike anywhere else .
Tom Piazza , Writer :
With all its problems , with all the corruption , with all the racism , with all the crime , with all the poverty New Orleans has kept its culture alive and kept its history alive with all these different elements that have come together , and have marinated together for hundreds of years .
There is culture here that is very precious , beautiful , and unduplicatable .
Lawrence N. Powell , Historian : I 'm not sure that , that we could understand American race relations today without reference to New Orleans .
I 'm not sure American culture would look the same .
It 's one of these cities , had you removed it from the national equation , I 'm not sure America would be the same .
And I do n't think you can say that for many other places in the United States .
James Gill , Journalist : America needs New Orleans because it needs a place with a soul that you do n't find elsewhere .
This is a place where there is invention and , and innovation .
America feeds off that , even if people are n't necessarily aware of it .
John Biguenet , Writer :
We made music that came up out of the neighborhoods rather than being taught in conservatories .
We took recipes that our grandparents had taught us and turned it into one of the great cuisines on Earth .
So this was a place that allowed what was here to flower , rather than trying to turn it into something else .
There are very few places that have made that choice .
John Scott , Artist :
The promise of that city is the lesson that can be learned from that city .
At its best , when the people are doing what they do naturally -- blending a seamless culture it has a oneness about it that very few places in the rest of this country has .
New Orleans ' promise is we can teach America how to be America .
If anybody 's listening .
Japanese astronaut Soichi Noguchi sent this Space Valentine to his Twitter followers on Earth .
It shows the heart - shaped Coral Island in southeast Asia as seen from the International Space Station , where Noguchi is living and working on the Expedition 22 crew .
( Image : © NASA . )
The Greens say their website will fade to black on Australia Day as part of a nationwide protest against the Federal Government 's proposed internet filter .
The Federal Government wants to pass laws to force internet service providers to block banned material hosted on overseas servers , but its decision to press ahead with compulsory internet filtering has come under fire from lobby groups and the Greens .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy says he intends to introduce legislation in the first half of 2010 .
Greens Senator Scott Ludlam says he believes more than 500 websites will take part in what is being dubbed ' The Great Australian Internet Blackout ' .
The Federal Government 's proposed internet filter would force all internet service providers to block " Refused Classification " material .
Mr Conroy says the Government will not determine what is blacklisted on the internet in Australia - rather , an independent body will determine what sites are rated as RC for Refused Classification .
He says the Government will take steps to ensure the filter is transparent and people know why material is being blocked - this may include measures which allow people to appeal the decision to block a page , and notifications to websites that they have been blocked .
But Electronic Frontiers Australia , which monitors online freedoms and rights , has said the Government 's plan is flawed .
" Although it may address some technical issues , what it leaves out is far more important , " Electronic Frontiers Australia vice chairman Colin Jacobs said .
" Exactly what will be blocked ?
Who will decide and why is it being attempted in the first place ? "
In March , an alleged list of about 1,000 sites already banned by the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) was leaked online , revealing that harmless sites had also been marked as unacceptable .
Nine ISPs originally agreed to take part but iiNet pulled out of the trial in March , saying the filter would not work and was a " dead parrot " .
However , Optus joined the trial in April .
( I am a manager in a department store .
I ’m returning a call to a customer who has a complaint . )
Me : “ Hi , this is [ My Name ] calling from [ Department Store ] to follow up with your concern . ”
Customer : “ Yes , I was in your store yesterday and I had to wait in line forever .
I had a coupon that expired at one pm .
I got tired of waiting , so I just left . ”
Me : “ I ’m sorry about that .
Would you mind telling me in which area you were trying to pay ? ”
Customer : “ All over .
The lines were long everywhere .
I ’m thinking about cutting up the credit card I have with you all ! ”
Me : “ Well , I do want to thank you for letting me know .
We had tried to make sure that someone was scheduled to ring at every register , and it looks like we have some opportunity to improve that . ”
Customer : “ Oh , every register had someone ringing at it .
There were plenty of salespeople . ”
Me : “ Well … uh … how can I help you then ? ”
Customer : “ There were just too many customers in your store ! ”
This story is part of the complaining customer roundup !
This is the last story in the roundup , but we have plenty of others you might enjoy !
23 Times Theme Park Customers Gave Employees Emotional Roller - Coasters !
Read the next complaining customer roundup story !
Read the complaining customer roundup !
This image from GOP.gov really helps to illustrate how brazenly Republicans are talking out of both sides of their mouths right now about the stimulus bill :
See that item with the red arrow ?
TP explains :
Yesterday , GOP.gov , the official website for the House Republican caucus , continued the anti-stimulus drumbeat , blaring press releases calling the stimulus a failure .
Ironically , posted just above two releases attacking the stimulus , the website features a release from Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( R - WA ) taking credit for $ 35 million dollars in stimulus highway money .
The $ 35 million in TIGER highway funds were provided by the stimulus McMorris Rodgers tried to kill .
McMorris Rodger ’s press release , however , claims she was a “ champion ” in gaining the funding .
Yesterday , ThinkProgress released a report detailing how over half of the GOP caucus , 110 lawmakers — from the House and Senate — have either taken credit for its success or requested more money from the stimulus .
As part of the GOP leadership team , McMorris Rodgers helped corral every single House Republican in voting against the stimulus .
She is simply the next lawmaker hypocritically trying to “ trash and cash ” the bill .
Shameless … lying … hypocrites .
By Salim Rizvi
New York
Mr Halder is now enjoying life in the US Born into a brothel in the Indian city of Calcutta , Avijit Halder 's life has undergone a dramatic transformation .
The 20 - year - old is currently pursuing a degree at one of the top film schools in the US .
It all started with the filming of an Oscar - winning documentary , Born into Brothels , which dealt with the lives of the children of Indian sex workers .
Avijit Halder was one of eight children of sex workers who featured in the 2004 documentary film , co-directed by Zana Briski and Ross Kauffman .
Kids with cameras
As part of the documentary , children were taught how to take photographs to document their lives and their surroundings in Sonagachi - Calcutta 's red light district .
The objective was to show how art could transform their lives .
I think he is a multi-faceted and multi-dimensional individual and I can see him thriving in any number of situations
Prof Richard Litvin
" When the film Born into Brothels was being made , we were not aware of what was going on ...
We had no idea what a documentary was .
We only knew Bollywood films , " Avijit said .
The film showed Avijit at his home .
Life here was a mess because his father was a drug addict while his mother was constantly ill .
She died when Avijit was barely in his teens .
The film - makers set up a charity called Kids with Cameras , and this helped the eight children who featured in the documentary to get help with their education .
Along with their schooling , the children were encouraged to develop a passion for photography .
Their photos received a lot of attention and exhibitions were held in Calcutta and in New York .
Auctions were even held at Sotheby 's to raise funds .
Avijit was the star of those exhibitions and was soon invited to participate in a photo talent contest in Amsterdam , Holland .
He was getting the taste of things to come .
" I am really proud of Avijit .
He has done tremendously well , considering where he comes from .
He is just like any other kid .
He is always helping others too and helps us raise money to help other kids , " said Mr Kauffman .
Avijit 's journey from Calcutta 's red light district to New York is a compelling story .
" Born into Brothels changed my life .
In 2005 , I watched the film for the first time , after it had won the Oscar .
" And it was the most memorable day of my life .
It was for the first time I realised that I had a voice and people want to know about my life story .
" By that time I had already learned to speak English and had been in school for some five years or so .
I thought it was a pretty inspiring story , " Avijit recalls .
Unsettling change
So when he was given the opportunity to study in America , he grabbed it .
Mr Halder 's photographs have won international acclaim
He applied to American schools on his own , eventually getting accepted .
The talented boy from Sonagachi departed for America in 2005 .
Kids with Cameras funded his studies in a New Hampshire school .
For Avijit , the peaceful landscape was an unsettling change from the cacophony of Calcutta .
But within months he took to his new lifestyle - even learning how to ski in the process .
In 2007 , he decided to take up film - making as a career , while attending a workshop at New York University ( NYU ) .
" Film - making was fun , I was happy , " he said .
" My professors appreciated my work , and that gave me confidence .
But I was n't sure if I would be accepted into the course and how would I pay for it ?
The course was so expensive . "
With financial help from Kids with Cameras and a grant from NYU , Avijit is now pursuing his degree at the Kanbar Institute of Film and Television .
" I am very fortunate to get into the school and I do not take it for granted .
And that 's why I work very hard , " says Avijit .
Richard Litvin teaches him , and like many others is fascinated by his intriguing background .
" When Avijit came to the summer class he was an incredibly curious , alive kid .
I got to know him .
" Later when he came to NYU to study film , he was in my class .
I think he is a multi-faceted and multi-dimensional individual and I can see him thriving in any number of situations . "
New Lifestyle Despite his disadvantages , fiercely ambitious Avijit is quickly learning the ropes of film - making and the American lifestyle .
Born into Brothels dramatically depicted the life of sex workers
At school , he feels he should be treated just like any other student on campus .
He is compiling a book of photographs he took in India and America and is learning Spanish and French .
Avijit works part - time to save some money to visit his family in India - his grandmother does not understand what he does in America .
His father is recovering from addiction .
Not all the children who featured in Born into Brothels have been so lucky .
One of the girls - whose name has been withheld to protect her identity - has returned to prostitution in Sonagachi .
Mr Kauffman says he tried to dissuade her but in vain .
" We can only do so much .
I tried over and over to talk to her and her family ...
But she ended up becoming a prostitute .
It is so sad , " he says .
But the charity is helping other children , recently funding a girl named Kochi to pursue studies in the US .
It has also started a school in Calcutta , called Hope House , in partnership with the Buntain Foundation .
Some 250 children will get education and training for various vocations .
As for Avijit , he plans to make a film about the girl who had to return to prostitution in adulthood .
And while he realises the importance of the education he is getting in America , he wishes he did n't have to leave his home .
" I wish New York City was Calcutta , so I could be in my home city , " he laments .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Coming soon ” pages are a great way for websites to engage and connect with visitors , even before the actual site is published .
A well designed “ coming soon ” page is a great teaser to grab the attention of potential visitors and make them look forward to the website ’s launch .
These pages usually include a short sign up form or social media links to notify visitors of updates and the release date .
From minimalist approaches , to elaborate illustrations , there are virtually unlimited ways to create an eye catching design for these website teasers .
In this post , you ’ll find a great collection of “ coming soon ” pages that you can use for inspiration when designing your own .
Earth Hour
Dialed Tone
Foundation Six
Creative Daddy
Just A Love
Watcher
Knot Theory
Accentuate
Freshter
Rumble Labs
deveSigner
Gigdom
Tweet Snack
Johnny Walker Plumbing
Space Rabbit
Moses Mehraban
Luke ’s Beard
Uooo.TV
FavMovie
Deaxon
EnStore
Better Blogger
Jobrary
ROFLWAFFLE
After Some Words
MediaLoot
The Helvetia
myNiteLife
SquidChef
Groupfire
Fast Society
Irava Stefan
Sweet
Photoshop Shortcuts
Feedore
ChkChkBoom
Hello Rent
Brandfunda
Hello Human Icons
Creative Grub
Shabith Ishan
Anipals
Riddim
Five Second Projects
Designatr
Boagworld
FontDeck
Minute Glass
Pepsay
Flowdock
Dashnine
Tickets
Sciplex
Silverback
After Life Notes
Good Morning !
Chocolate Pool
Inhouse Grind
Hosteeo
Gregory Desplaces
Click Formant
Nouincolor
i Newsman
Creative Joomla !
Design
Mogulista
Birdboxx
Hyperlingo
Deefuse
Clock Me In
Shift
Know of any other great examples ?
Please share them below …
favorite favorite favorite favorite
Actually a bizarre little short .
It features the Village in 1961 .
It was a time when Robert F. Wagner was Mayor .
He was a man defined by a lot of Villagers as a " nothing " ( a suit or party hack ) who had turned on his mentor , Carmine De Sapio the Grand Sachem of Tammany Hall .
The year following this film this same Washington Square was home of the " Beatnik Riot " that resulted in October of 1961 when Wagner 's Park Commissioner , Newbold Morris banned singing in the fountain of Washington Square .
On October 10th , 1961 , the NYPD arrested ten individuals and cleared out the park .
Lois Nettleton , who plays the debutante in this short was an actress who came to NY to study at the famous Actor 's Studio , by way of Chicago - where she won the dubious title of Miss Chicago 1948 .
She was lonely in NY and she was the first call in to Jean Sheppard 's late night radio program when it debuted in 1956 .
She became a regular on that show , known as " the Caller . "
They actually had a lot in common .
" Shep " also was originally from a small Illinois town outside of Chicago .
They wound up getting married .
Shep did a lot of not terribly cool , but very popular portraits of " Beatnik Culture " in the 50's that made every hipster cringe .
Some of them are very funny in a later historical context and also provide the time - place real time of events that were being covered .
There was a real tension at this time between the old guard Italians in the Little Italy remnants of the West Village and the " Dirty Beatnik , Commies " - etc .
But , much of this was because beat culture was pro-civil rights and establishments like " Cafe Society " broke the color barrier in cabaret entertainment ( see Nina Simone ) .
It was this friction that lay behind the political impetus for the Beatnik " riot " which was in fact instigated by Parks Dept.
change of policy at the behind closed door request of the Mayor , who was in the Caribbean on vacation when the crackdown was planned .
The ACLU came to the Beantniks ' defense , and the Parks Dept. and Wagner wound up backing off .
There are posters here who conflate a lot of this with the gay culture of the Village also being a target , and they are right to an extent .
But , the political pressure from all evidence came more from the " Hunt and Game Club " types against the " Beatnik Kids , sandals and the African American artists and musicians who were welcome and respected by them in poetry , music and art .
This is the kind of incredible find that provides the real data of time and place that makes the Internet Archives the treasure it is .- JwPhillips NY 2015 - jwphillips@ live.com
[ Gamasutra is teaming up with game criticism weblog Critical Distance to present Christopher Hyde 's round - up of the wealth of excellent games being produced outside the realm of ' AAA ' titles in 2009 , compiling his take on the best 99 free to download video games released this year . ]
This past year will go down for me personally as the year in which my spending on video games plummeted , due to personal dissatisfaction with the costs in money and time demanded by most of the AAA products out there on the shelves .
To that end , I 've since turned my eyes towards the burgeoning free games scene and to be honest what I 've found is pretty darned spectacular .
Creative talents all over the world are out there spinning out downloadable , browser , Flash and Unity games that you can while away enjoyable hours on without having it cost you one red cent .
Now sure , you do need a computer as a platform , and might also sometimes have to suffer through some ads to get to the games .
And you may even want to donate a few bucks to a budding game designer who has put his or her sweat equity out there for you to play at no cost .
But otherwise , the sheer number and quality of the games available for nothing is a simple testament to just how broad and active the development community outside the corporate AAA space really is at present .
This is a very , very good thing - for games , for players and ultimately for your very own wallet .
The following is a list of 99 free games ( in no particular order ) that I 've enjoyed this calendar year , nearly all of which have been released in 2009 or very late in 2008 .
So why do n't you take a break from big - budget games and see just what a feast there is out there in the wide world below the big ticket level ?
All you can lose , really , is just a little bit of time :
Now here 's something you do n't see every day : a lovely riding - a- bike - thru - a - technical - drawing game and it's got a sweet soundtrack to go with it as well .
Fig. 8 apparently got its start as an art exhibit by one of the designers and that sort of aesthetic pervades its philosophical approach .
Turning takes a bit of getting used to , but once you 've got the hang of it you 're sure to find from Intuition Games ' an enticing offering .
You know how you 've always wanted a game where you play a clumsy mythical beast in a glass shop that occasionally flies into a rage and smashes things to pieces ?
Well , your wait is ove - so head out to Flashbang Studios and get a taste of the rubbery and imprecise control scheme that fits the hybrid lead character here just oh so well .
A colorful and engaging block puzzler that is probably not going to be the most innovative thing that you try this year but that still manages a take on classic gameplay that 's well worth what you 're going to lay out for it .
With a design sense that echoes age old Nintendo while smoothing out some rougher edges and a relaxed approach that will keep you guessing , Guardian Rock makes for a brisk and fun little item for your gaming calendar .
Really not a whole lot of game here , but a very interesting experiment in lo -fi 3D tale telling nonetheless .
Judith is apparently loosely based on / inspired by the Bartok opera " Duke 's Bluebeard Castle " , an intellectual bonafide that alone sets it right high in the rarefied air of the indie art game .
It 's very much more an exploration of story and character than anything else , and though flawed in some ways -- the issue of player control , especially -- the end result is thoughtful and pertinent .
A mind bending puzzle platformer by Sophie Houlden which is not at all recommended if you 've got a headache .
Rotate a mazelike cube that your androgynous avatar stands on and navigate to the exit .
A greyscale venture that demonstrates a nice use of the ( now free in itself ) Unity 3d platform for game makers .
Jason Nelson's art game for browsers takes cue from dada and surrealism as your arrow avatar navigates its way through mazes backed with historic documents such as pizza box patents and art flyers .
The best intellectual deconstructivist flash game I 've played this year .
It 's back to the nineties in Harmony , a Doom tribute game that took its creator a stunning 8 years to complete .
All that time has paid off in an outing that 'll have you flashing back to playing FPSes like Wolfenstein and Hexen on your Pentium 90 .
The difficulty bar has been set way hard here and the game includes those outdated tropes such as key / door combo-ing and endless map wandering -- but a lot of that stuff is half the nostalgic fun .
Experimental game about an evening walk .
No arrow keys , no button pushing , no mouse clicking .
It 's very calming for a change , given that games are so often frenetic and sort of stressful .
Some neat ideas here .
This one plays just like it 's named -- arcadey and enjoyable , in a we 're - not - taking - this - too - seriously fashion .
Just the thing to while away and idle quarter of an hour or so , rolling down hills and knocking down pins in the Unity engine .
Daniel Benmergui 's playful rumination on games and language is n't perfect , but it forges ahead and treads where few games have gone before .
Anytime that this developer puts up something for nothing you should run right over and check it out , and this time is certainly no exception to that general rule .
You are a shark .
A shark that leaps from the water and eats planes .
This should be pretty much all that you need to know .
This sweet 2d platformer oozes charm even as you play as its evil protagonist .
Developer Nitrome is a prime mover in the free games environment , consistently churning out candy colored puzzle games and 2d gaming done right on a regular basis .
Two level , fifteen minute adventure game built on id's Quake engine that 's way more fun that the endless trudging many longform games make you suffer through .
Gravity
Bone left me wanting more , just like the old circus / vaudeville adage says entertainment is supposed to do .
If you were to argue that there 's not a lot of good gameplay in this Petri Purho toss off , I sure would n't disagree .
There 's not much in the way of actual play involved at all , to be honest .
But dang , it 's just so pretty .
And it sounds so nice .
A super minimalist shooter with myth based storyline from brilliant indie game designer Terry Cavanaugh .
Many of the games on this list seem to be about paring back the excesses inherent in the big budget games developed by huge teams and replacing their overdone graphics with simple gameplay presented in a straightforward , lo - fi manner .
Do n't Look Back does this all stylishly and with the sort of constant checkpointing tht allows even less skilled players ( hello , self ! ) to enjoy the adventure .
Gregory
Weir 's jumping on text outing intersects videogames and reading in a thought provoking way .
There certainly are n't too many games that frontload poetry the way this one does , and that by itself makes the game one that warrants a closer bit of inspection .
Created for Game Jolt 's minimal compo in the fall , Saut is a one - button platformer that utilizes only the spacebar for jumping as a control scheme .
Given that I personally consider the constant learning curve of ridiculous button presses to be one of the scourges of modern video games , any countertrend towards lessening that is OK by me .
Since
Saut also piles on some nicely shadowed graphics and a zippy jazz rock score , it stands as a great example of just how successful a bare bones effort can be .
Be real careful at the start in this seemingly unassuming platformer .
You have been warned , because if you botch things early on you may well find further progress somewhat difficult .
Conceptually , though , this game should be considered a real triumph .
While only the first six - level demo of this 2D puzzle platformer is available as a freebie , that 's plenty when it comes to anything made by Nifflas - - who has previously made the brilliant Knytt and Within a Dark Forest .
This one is even a bit more polished than those previous efforts , and it ramps up the mechanics to create an interesting and enticing world that might have you laying out some cash for the full package .
Derek
Yu's latest is a procedural platforming roguelike that it 's very possible you may see pop up as the dark horse choice on some end of the year best of lists .
It 's polished , addictive , frustrating , and almost endlessly surprising , and unlike so many freebies it has almost no great flaws .
A must play for anyone interested in the form .
Extremely inventive black and white puzzle platformer with a totally unique style .
One of the very best games on this entire list -- there 's really nothing quite like it out there and I think that both developer Tyler Glaiel and lead artist Jon Schubbe are talents to keep an eye on .
From the mind of Messhof comes this insanely beautiful looking and sounding pickup hoops game for one or two players .
Just like on the playground you compete to be the first to score 11 baskets , and though it 's slightly unfortunate that you can't swipe the ball from your opponent there 's enough going on visually that this is n't a huge flaw .
This game is eventually getting some sort of release that you 'll need to pay for , but testing it out and just playing around in the blocky sandbox simply needs a java enabled browser .
What 's most fascinating is the lively community that 's growing up around Minecraft , as users create all sorts of assets and areas for others to utilize and explore -- one build goes so far as to render the Reichstag in all its pixelated glory .
Cute and stylish quickie platformer by one of the Machinarium developers , which though a bit slight overall has a rare and tasty look that sets it apart from the free platformer pack .
Fascinating outing here from a student team at DePaul University , wherein you play first person as a comatose child that can only navigate via sound wave .
Eerie dreamscape environments create a unique world that 's very much unlike anything I 've ever seen and the sonic gameplay mechanic is the sort of innovative work you hope to see from budding designers .
A pick up 'n play island strategy game that 's way deeper and more engaging than it looks at first glance .
The flat graphics belie that at base this is actually a fairly comprehensive strategy game , and something that for a freebie offers a surprising amount of thoughtful gameplay .
This super minimal , rule changing platformer was a bit more challenging than I can generally hack , but twitch skilled gameplayers should really love it .
An excellent effort and a solid design .
Anna Anthropy 's cavern game for Ludum Dare 15 .
I 'll play anything she makes -- even if they 're often too much for me to handle -- and while this does not have the level of polish of many of her other projects as always there 's a thoughful bit of consideration behind all of her design choices .
This one 's a new clone of some old PC game called Sky Roads that I 've never played but that I 'm sure has a great following out there .
I 'll admit that I am pretty terrible for the most part at this one , but it 's really sharp looking overall and I even had fun while I died many , many times .
There 's nine levels of 2D platformy shooter retrominimalism in this spiffy little number , and it all brims with a flair and verve that 's lacking in many commercial ventures .
Additionally , for a game with very little graphic power it succeeds quite well in creating a sense of dank ambiance to its surroundings .
Mega - twitch gamers may find it a bit too forgiving , but it 's right in the sweet spot for others .
Ragtime Games '
Flash student project is a mindbender of a game , utilizing the arrangement of sliding tiles to solve the seemingly ubiquitous video game key / door puzzle combo .
From the looks of this one it would seem ultimately destined for the mobile phone environment , where it certainly will put to shame much of the shovelware clogging up that particular platform .
Browser based , floaty driving game sort of in the Crazy Taxi mode as you bust ass around the city missing pedestrians and delivering ' za .
Developer Pixeljam -- who are also responsible for Mountain Maniac lower down in this list -- have shown themselves to be among the best free developers active today in bringing classic styled but updated video games to a browser near you .
A truly great JRPG parody that hilariously eviscerates the corpse of an utterly warmed over old genre .
This is much , much better than actually playing your typical JRPG .
Solid browser game that combines a bit of management with top down driving as you build your heist team and try to make enough cash to retire .
The interesting mechanics combine in a well thought out manner that entices the player to keep at it .
Though a bit rough around the edges , this platformer 's cool graphics and friendly gameplay make it worth taking a shot on .
The art style is really polished and stylized , bringing a fresh graphical take to the genre .
This one is fantastic , a lo-fi old school platformer that 's loaded with inventiveness and creativity .
Most games that are difficult in this manner I just find plain annoying , but this particular outing is so special that I just kept trying .
As the title says , there 's really only one level .
But what 's utterly brilliant here is how the rules change each time so that guiding your immobile elephant to safety stays fresh every time and forces you to constantly and carefully consider the set of rules under which you are operating .
John Cooney 's absolutely genius
Flash game is the sort of thing that makes it worthwhile to play games , and is easily one of the ten best games I played this year .
78641 is a totally and completely insane , hysterical and sometimes crude RPG that is so much more fun to mess around in than those 75 hour grindfests I stopped playing some time back .
I really have zero idea just what the heck is going on in the heads of these developers , but that 's a good thing .
You can have your elves and orcs , I 'll stick with this .
This one - button control scheme game has you dodging objects , running rooftops and scaring pigeons .
Simple and sharp , with a great soundtrack .
Resets also randomize , so you do n't ever quite know what 's coming .
Excellent .
This odd little platformer splits the screen into multiple panels and forces you to use combinations of your characters to suss out what needs to be done .
Unpolished , but a promising start for developer Bernie Schulenburg .
A cartoony word game ostensibly set in Victorian London , this game tests both mental alacrity and typing skill as you attempt to form words to destroy spiders out to steal some sort of secrets .
Letters that appear at the bottom of the screen open new cells if you use them all , and as things speed up it all gets pretty frenzied .
Nicely put together .
An atmospheric little platformer made for Ludum Dare 15 where you need to follow a lit beacon to navigate thru some blackened caverns or you fall into the endless darkness .
Dev ChevyRav really did yeoman 's work with this little 48 hour gem -- I 'd love to see what he can do with more time to play with .
This toylike action / puzzle / platformer is very pretty -- in a sort of J. Otto Seibold / Henry Selick kind of way -- and though there are some definite gameplay issues that many carped about upon its release , I personally found it engaging enough to put up with those flaws .
Awesomely animated 2D platformer by Greg Sergeant lets you multiply your character into doppelgangers that copy your actions to work your way through its 13 levels .
Starts out deceptively simple before accelerating into a mind numbing difficulty .
This mirror puzzle visual alacrity game by developers State of Games is really just a wonder of gorgeous Flash animation .
A casual change of pace from the hardcore gaming grind , the game is both beautiful and strangely addictive .
A
Flash based adventure game that has some of the most unique art of any freebie I played this year .
A wonderful attention to detail in the sound design also boosts this entrancing effort above the norm .
Here 's a simple idea put to good solid use : chop holes in a colorful block wall so you can fit your own blocks through it .
Not much more to it than that , and in this case that 's OK as the handful of levels offer a progressive challenge .
The whole effort seems a little prototype-ish , but really : what do you want for nothin ' ?
A great idea that should be done more often , this one deconstructs Valve 's well known AAA entry into a 2d flash game .
The video game remake reductionism genre seems to me to be ripe for lots of further exploration -- with big time corporate games headed down the path of ever finer graphical detail , we 'll hopefully be looking more and more for independent devs to outline the underlying mechanics and structures that are really what make these things work .
[ EDITOR'S NOTE :
This title was n't actually released in 2009 , readers note , but we 'll leave it in with that disclaimer , since it 's still excellent .
]
Six levels of frenetic and pretty shoot - em - up style madness here in this Flash based outing .
Play as pilot Red Rage taking on advancing and colorful hordes of planes and choppers and resort to the psycho mode when things get to be a bit much for you .
Captivating .
Another one from the Experimental Gameplay Projects minimalist competition , this one is like a browser based Flash version of futurist Paul Marinetti's typographic experiments .
If there was more interactive fiction that combined that sort of thing with an odd soundtrack that sounds like a Balinese gamelan band gone haywire , I 'd be much less likely to flee in terror when I see that phrase come up .
A pair of prototypes from the ever interesting Singapore / MIT GAMBIT Game Lab designed to explain physics concepts to middle schoolers .
One uses a narrative to get its points across , but the other is entirely abstract in nature .
As you might expect , the gameplay is fairly simple , but these are efforts that might actually convince me that " edutainment " might have some use after all .
Ron Carmel of 2D
Boy 's entry for the EGP minimal games compo , The Thing With 40 Eyes Girl is a Michael Jackson tribute involving flashing blocks you try to follow with mouseplay .
It 's pretty disposably entertaining for a couple of playthroughs , but also a bit hard to follow at times .
But for quickie minimalism with a beat , it 's just fine and dandy .
Do you ever get sick of the video game trope that requires you to buy and add more equipment for your character to beat enemies and advance through its space ?
Well then , how about a metagame that pokes fun at that annoyance and requires you to buy everything - and I do mean everything - to reach the final screen ?
Antony 's wonderful tossed off commentary on the often pointless side of gaming speaks volumes about the pastime that we all lavish so much time on .
An experimental Mario - type platformer that starts with the conceit of beginning at the end screen and progressing -- or is it regressing ? -- from there .
You need to un-collect coins and un -kill enemies to finish .
Reversing the arrow of time forces you to rethink the way you approach some standard game situations .
Meteorological time wasting in this little Flash game by Intuition Games where your one mouse button goal is to make bigger and bigger hailstones to crash into planes and buildings and the like .
I 'll echo the commenters ' notion that a sandbox mode would welcome , but even the time limited levels have enough entertainment value to keep one occupied for a time .
Am I cheating on this one since it mostly came out in 2008 even though version 1.5 dropped in July of '09 ?
You bet your ass I am , because far too few people played Swedish developer Daniel Remar 's lightly philosophical platform shooter last year .
The mechanics are fairly standard 3rd person platform shooting and the story a typical alien invasion thing , and yet ... Remar 's subtle and humorous ways of making you question the way you 're playing will have you wondering just who is the enemy here .
Do n't miss .
Fun physics based demolition games that raise the question : why is n't there a AAA sim or at least PSN / Xbox Live game that uses this idea ?
You can't tell me that a console version of a game where you roleplay as a dynamite setting team that brings down buildings could possibly lose money .
In any case , both of these are ideal little while - away - the - time outings that keep the player into the action with a steadily ramped up challenge utilizing a drop dead simple mechanic .
Wind up rabbit seeks tasty cake in record / playback button puzzle venture that requires you to record your actions with the arrow keys before hitting play to see if you 've properly guided your mechanical lagomorph to over to the yummy dessert .
In normal mode you can also adjust your actions with sliders above the field of play -- which admittedly sometimes feels more like editing than gameplay .
But the bunny is so happy when he gets his cake , so that makes it all worth it .
Sure , OK , war is not a game .
But this resource management WWII RTS that allows you to play as Allies or as Axis really delivers the goods for a freebie .
Challenging , well made and downright f-u - n.
A stylish puzzle game for the Unity web player that was made by students at DADIU in a single month , which makes the outcome especially impressive .
The puzzles are well constructed and the whole outing has a really heartfelt manner to it that renders it likable and engaging .
Ca n't wait to see what these people go onto in the future .
A Ludum Dare cavern entry that sports excellent blocky graphics and seems to be a bit of a Doom / key collectfest parody .
I loved the amusing dialog and the style in general -- but I 'll admit that just like most FPS key hunting games , it made me a little motion sick and I eventually ended up running around yelling " where is the $ #!?# % [ email protected ] !
orange key ??? " .
Still fun .
Created for the " Caverns " compo at Ludum Dare , this awesomely named little number distills its gameplay down to some of the most basic structural elements that mark the essence of the medium .
Play as a colored square , battling other differently colored squares in a mysterious land below the earth !
Flixel based platformer in which you jump from a plane and attempt to make it to the ground while avoiding all sorts of winged foes trying to do you in .
The controls are wonky and a little tough to get a handle on , but the pure platformy goodness makes it worth a whirl .
Odd point and click platformer from Springtail Studios has interesting graphical style and a sonic landscape that combines minimal low key music with incidental sounds to great effect .
Mainly about setting with not a lot to the dialogue , it 's a pretty to look at puzzler that 's intriguing for the time it takes .
Yet another creation from the seemingly limitless mind of jmtb02 ( aka John Cooney ) , this one is a bit more straight ahead than his meta - games ( Achievement Unlocked , This Is the Only Level ) but packs an entertaining wallop nonetheless .
Get the ubiquitous elephant cross country to win in another lovingly crafted entry from one of today 's best Flash game designers .
This one 's a true reductio ad absurdum that boils down a Valve classic even further than Hen Mazolski and Ido Tal 's Flash Portal does .
The zombie shoot 'em up is taken and crammed into a puny 4 kb , and though that limitation means it 's not always that faithful an adaptation it remains an attention grabbing outing even so .
The free version of Jason Rohrer 's tile and grid puzzler for the iPhone seems ridiculously simple at first but becomes more and more addictive and complex as time goes on .
What I like most about this one is the lack of time limit in placing your colored tiles -- it gives a leisurely and casual feel to a type of game that is generally more frenetic and stressful .
An excellent diminutive Flash puzzler where you slice down shapes with your mouse without running into the bouncing ball inside it .
The 16 or so levels available make for a nice quick lunchtime spin through .
Test your timing and wreak havoc on the roads in this auto mayhem crashfest .
It 's really as simple as that , and there are sure times that we all just need some basic arcadey action from this pastime .
A physics based browser game from Nitrome , Icebreaker utilizes a drag - your - mouse - to - cut mechanic which you then use to free Vikings from ice in an escalating series of challenges .
A fairly straight ahead brainteaser but performed well -- though I could have lived without the slight pseudo steel band / reggae soundtrack .
Along with the " deconstructed games " model evinced by things like Flash and ASCII Portal , another freeware trend that I 'd like to see more of is something like this -- a sequel to an older game whose development seems to have halted .
( Hopefully someone out there is working on a freeware SSX or Rayman platformer ) .
The game in question here is a Japanese restaurant / business sim for PlayStation that never got a domestic release .
While Vertigo 's graphics for this are pretty crude , the gameplay mechanic is action packed and engaging as you manage customers in a food service sim .
While dev Event Cascade claims not to even like his own games , from this corner a repurposing of chess into a puzzle game that uses the set of rules you 've already internalized for the historic game is quite damned brilliant .
Though these efforts are short and a bit scattered , there 's enough of a nugget of genius herein to make you wish he'd buckle down and give these games the attention they would seem to deserve .
The concept of this platformer breaks little new ground -- your money grubbing character needs to collect coins while avoiding creatures that kill him when touched -- but the execution is spot on enough to make the endeavor a blast .
It 's slightly unforgiving since a single mishap in a level will result in a coin spewing death , but the game 's verve and humor will keep you reloading time after time .
Edmund McMillen 's existential dystopian platformer is a thoughtful puzzlefest that has you playing as a robot able to manipulate dimensions who is also trapped in time and constantly texts you from the past / future ( ? ) .
The difficulty ramps up a bit abruptly at times , but TF 's a good solid freebie with a unique mise - en - scene .
Add in the fact that the game allows for user generated content and you 've got yourself a real winner .
Eli Polinen 's clever platformer stars a lonely soul who states in an opening allegory that " I used to find joy in the company of others .
Now I have only the company of myself " .
To that end , this hermit must navigate the world and overcome its obstacles by duplicating his own self , using the shadow runs that result to bootstrap himself past whatever comes his way .
Clearly inspired by Braid , this quality piece nonetheless has its own charms -- thoughtful puzzles , a fitting piano score and touching narrative among them .
Greg
Weir 's lo-fi dragon raising RPG pares the genre down to the sparest elements possible but also brings his digital storytelling skills to the forefront .
As the titular character , the choices you make through the tale 's four chapters vary the narrative in different ways with everything unfolding with an affective and amusing air .
Another success from a game designer whose every outing seemingly moves the medium forward .
Ninjadoodle 's pure , unadulterated arcade reflex challenge is made up of 42 rapid fire levels for the player as you race through attempting to garner the fastest time .
The essence of a good , solid pickup and play lunchtime game .
Now this here , THIS is like giving out free samples of crack to schoolkids .
Popcap 's evil genius surfaces again as the Flash version of their brilliantly balanced tower defense game draws you and leaves you needing more when you get cut off .
We 'll see if you have the willpower to resist the purchase version after you play through the 14 levels the company is giving away here .
Tom Sennett and Matt Thorson 's candy colored platformer is a wonder to behold , a no holds barred excursion into sidescrolling excitement .
A simple , childlike art style and brilliant old Americana tune soundtrack backstop gameplay that allows any entrant to pick up and play but still gives the hardcore a means to prove their twitch - worthiness .
Spectacular .
An Indiecade finalist that came out of a Digipen team 's assignment to create an ASCII style game , Sowlar is a casualesque farming sim that hearkens back to the earlier days of computer games with its stripped down aesthetic .
While Sowlar does n't do anything remarkably unique , the attention paid to details like ease of use and interface design make this a fine take on the Harvest Moon style genre .
In many ways , the basic platformer is really my most favorite type of video game , and this one is a heartfelt and eminently playable piece about a man and his fox .
It 's all a bit twee , but its evergreen montane setting is note perfect and the attention paid to the sound design aids greatly in making the surroundings work .
A browser based trebuchet game that reminds me a fair bit of Demolition City , in that the levels are based on figuring out the physics of knocking down structures .
The creators also allow players to build and upload their own castles , adding some user created fun into the mix .
A really unique chemistry based physics platformer that has you collecting gases while avoiding bonds and metals .
The faux mouth harp soundtrack thing sure gets pretty old right quick ( though it is mute - able ) , but the game itself is fresh and fun in its own little way .
Pure platforming goodness here from developer Jackson Lewis as he gives away the first 26 levels of this leisurely paced mail delivering game .
High quality art spruces up the somewhat warmed over gameplay mechanics and helps make this intro to the game well worth taking a shot on .
David Shute 's entry into Casual Gameplay Competition # 6 is an enthralling 15 minute minimal exploration game featuring beautifully blocky graphics , well paced wayfinding that draws you in and a fitting background soundtrack .
The ending is a little problematic to my mind , but the rest features some of the most tempting exploration that I found in any game during this calendar year .
A fine example of interpreting public domain works into videogame form , this one takes the classic Grimm fairy tale and weaves it into a nice point and click adventure .
The experience of the world is conveyed beautifully with foreboding , oboe - dominated music backstopping some lovely drab paletted artwork that echoes early cut - out animation in style .
Altogether a great and interesting little package from developer Makopudding .
A light little platformer by Mateusz Skutnick where you are an avatar working your way through the usual jumping puzzles to get to the exit without dying .
The main attraction here is the substitution of a word - as - the - thing - in - itself in representing the sorts of objects you are used to encountering in this type of venture .
Episode 5 in Jesse Venbrux ' suicide series again has you acting as a salaryman out to impale himself on spikes thru 60 levels of business office hell .
The design here strikes me as looking at games at much the same way as Cooney 's This Is the Only Level - - there 's a constant assessment of the rules involved to pass a particular stage , and only sizing up the situation will allow you to die and move on .
This is , of course , itself a complete and total subversion of the normal approach to advancing in video games -- that alone recommends this one .
The beautiful cardboard cutout look and low key , two chord music belie just how tricky this " casual " game really is .
Piloting a plane that can spew paint which turns treacherous ground to blue sky , you 'll try to maneuver your craft through some of the most original videogame environments you 're likely to see this year .
Unfortunately , you 'll also die .
A lot .
Now in beta , this amazing indie MMORPG has some issues but transcends with style and approach .
Traipse around a boxy pixelated world building things and swordfighting with others , earning tokens by building out cells and learning how to perform actions like megajumping .
It 's all a bit confusing and not a little buggy ( though it is a beta , so this is to be expected ) , but even simply signing up just to take a stroll around the fantastically imagined world is well worth the cost in time .
While chances are this 'll eventually be some sort of paid game , this entrant into a 2 Bee games contest packs enough musical block puzzling in it to warrant a mention here .
The gameplay involves selecting colored blocks to the dulcet tones of whatever music you choose and eliminating them before the screen fills up .
Other obstacles are thrown at you along the way , and the end result is a nice puzzler to while away the time .
Extremely lo-fi platform browser trip to the Land of the Dead by Japan 's Nekogames .
The absurdly crude graphics end up quite charming and the game 's funeral soundtrack adds the right touch of background for your stint in the land below the earth .
A nice ten minute adventure game with a slick look to it .
Very well executed and with a sense of honest simplicity that infuses the whole venture .
From HiVE , creators of the excellent free time management game Waxy 's Sushi Party now comes this gigantic and beautifully hand drawn platformer .
There are some gameplay issues -- for one , I do n't really want to engage in the sort of endless collectathon that got tiresome in platformers years ago -- but the quality of art style and amount of free content on display here make it a game deserving of perusal .
Here 's a nice , relaxing retro flash game that acts largely as a sort of pixellated quincunx board .
Your lumberjack avatar hammers out big rocks that then course down the side of a mountain pachinko - style , pancaking everything in its path .
Players who want everything to be skill based may object to the general amount of luck involved in the outcome , but gamers willing to give a little control over to chance should find the destructive gameplay a diversionary enjoyment .
Indonesian dev Yohanes Suyanto brings us this well crafted ball - drop game , a casual pleasure in which you draw boxes with your mouse causing colored balls to drop on squares of the same hue .
Surprisingly habit - forming for such a simple concept , the maker 's creatively minimal score also helps to make Balbodro a chromatic pleasure .
Though it 's a pretty short venture , A Mazing Monk displays great thought and high quality animations throughout its short stint .
Created by students at DADIU and a 2010 IGF Student entrant , the game is a smart puzzler in which you seek enlightenment by rotating a Rubik 's cube - esque platform around to avoid obstacles and seek an exit .
Pixelated 's December 2009 experimental episodic game is an attempt to put together 4 weeks of games with differing mechanics to -- in the developer 's words - -" create emotional experiences that are more personal and different from the ones traditional game design has to offer " .
It 's happily tutorial - less , and though as I write this only the first two exploratory worlds have been released there 's enough even there to allow for inclusion on this list .
Finally , if you liked the 99 games on the list above , here 's a whole bunch of other spots that you should check out to keep up with what 's coming for free :
Brennan : Cheney may be ' ignorant ' of terror facts
President Barack Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser , John Brennan , said Sunday that former Vice President Dick Cheney 's criticism of the Obama administration 's approach to the Christmas Day terror attempt is misinformed or intentionally false .
" It 's disappointing to me that either the vice president and others have willfully mischaracterized President Obama 's position and actions , or they 're just ignorant of the facts , " Brennan said on " Fox News Sunday .
" I 'm neither a Republican nor a Democrat .
I 've worked for the previous five administrations , and this president is determined , and I think it is demonstrated in his language .
He says that we ’re at war with Al Qaida .
We ’re going to destroy Al Qaida the organization . "
Jonathan Chait and Robert Waldmann , in slightly different ways , highlight a crucial dynamic in American political debate : the extent to which public figures are punished for actually knowing what they ’re talking about .
It goes like this : Person A says “ Black is white ” — perhaps out of ignorance , although more often out of a deliberate effort to obfuscate .
Person B says , “ No , black is n’t white — here are the facts . ”
And Person B is considered to have lost the exchange — you see , he came across as arrogant and condescending .
I had , I have to admit , hoped that the nation ’s experience with George W. Bush — who got within hanging - chad distance of the White House precisely because Al Gore was punished for actually knowing stuff — would have cured our discourse of this malady .
But no .
Why not ?
Chait professes himself puzzled by the right ’s intellectual insecurity .
Me , not so much .
Here ’s how I see it : in our current political culture , the background noise is overwhelmingly one of conservative platitudes .
People who have strong feelings about politics but are intellectually incurious tend to pick up those platitudes , and repeat them in the belief that this makes them sound smart .
( Ezra Klein once described Dick Armey thus : “ He ’s like a stupid person ’s idea of what a thoughtful person sounds like . ” )
Inevitably , then , such people react with rage when they ’re shown up on their facts or basic logic — it ’s an attack on their sense of self - worth .
The truly sad thing , though , is the way much news reporting goes along with the condescension meme .
That ’s Waldmann ’s point .
You really , really might have expected that the Bush experience would give reporters pause — that they might at least ask themselves , “ Is n’t it my job to ask whether a politician is right , as opposed to how he comes across ? ”
But NOOOO ! [ / Belushi ]
Street Clashes Pending ?
Far -Right Gears Up to Mourn Dresden Bombing
The German far right traditionally stages a march on Feb. 13 of each year to commemorate the bombing of Dresden .
This year , however , authorities have moved to prevent counterdemonstrations by the left .
Using lasers and nanoparticles , scientists at Rice University have discovered a new technique for singling out individual diseased cells and destroying them with tiny explosions .
The scientists used lasers to make " nanobubbles " by zapping gold nanoparticles inside cells .
In tests on cancer cells , they found they could tune the lasers to create either small , bright bubbles that were visible but harmless or large bubbles that burst the cells .
" Single - cell targeting is one of the most touted advantages of nanomedicine , and our approach delivers on that promise with a localized effect inside an individual cell , " said Rice physicist Dmitri Lapotko , the lead researcher on the project .
" The idea is to spot and treat unhealthy cells early , before a disease progresses to the point of making people extremely ill . "
The research is available online in the journal Nanotechnology .
Nanobubbles are created when gold nanoparticles are struck by short laser pulses .
The short - lived bubbles are very bright and can be made smaller or larger by varying the power of the laser .
Because they are visible under a microscope , nanobubbles can be used to either diagnose sick cells or to track the explosions that are destroying them .
In laboratory studies published last year , Lapotko and colleagues at the Laboratory for Laser Cytotechnologies at the A.V. Lykov Heat and Mass Transfer Institute in Minsk , Belarus , applied nanobubbles to arterial plaque .
They found that they could blast right through the deposits that block arteries .
" The bubbles work like a jackhammer , " Lapotko said .
In the current study , Lapotko and Rice colleague Jason Hafner , associate professor of physics and astronomy and of chemistry , tested the approach on leukemia cells and cells from head and neck cancers .
They attached antibodies to the nanoparticles so they would target only the cancer cells , and they found the technique was effective at locating and killing the cancer cells .
Lapotko said the nanobubble technology could be used for " theranostics , " a single process that combines diagnosis and therapy .
In addition , because the cell - bursting nanobubbles also show up on microscopes in real time , Lapotko said the technique can be use for post - therapeutic assessment , or what physicians often refer to as " guidance . "
Hafner said , " The mechanical and optical properties of the bubbles offer unique advantages in localizing the biomedical applications to the individual cell level , or perhaps even to work within cells . "
The research resulted from collaboration between Rice and the Lykov Institute of the Academy of Science of Belarus , which recently established the US - Belarus Research Lab of Fundamental and Biomedical Nanophotonics .
Co-authors of the Nanotechnology paper include Ehab Hanna of the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center and Ekaterina Lukianova - Hleb of the Lykov Institute .
Aggregation of random absurdity by brownpau .
I also run Mars Wiggles
Conservative equality spokesman Mark Harper said : " At a time when confidence in our political system is at an all - time low in the wake of the expenses scandal , and our economy is in a huge mess , you would have thought Harriet Harman would have better things to be doing .
Do you want your fridge talking about you behind your back ?
With the rapid adoption of a North American " smart grid " aimed at helping consumers conserve electricity , it 's also possible that smart appliances will be able to transmit information about their activities ( and yours ) through the power lines .
Your electricity utility may not yet be able to determine when you snack , do laundry or shower , but privacy advocates are sounding the alarm that systems need to be put in place to guard details about a household 's electricity usage from prying eyes .
A paper released last November by the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario and the U.S. - based Future of Privacy Forum proposes building privacy controls right into the smart grid before the system is fully rolled out .
Although different utilities define the smart grid in different ways , the key feature is a two - way communication system between a household 's meter and the electricity utility so that energy consumption can be tracked with incredible — sometimes even minute - by - minute — detail .
" The Smart Grid will enable third parties to peer into your home , " says commissioner Ann Cavoukian .
" You can imagine how tempting the marketing opportunities will be . "
So - called smart meters are the first step in creating a smart grid .
In Canada , Ontario has been first off the mark .
The province has already installed 1.1 million smart meters and plans to have one in every household by the end of 2010 .
In the U.S. , Boulder , Colo. , has taken the lead to become the first city with smart meters for every customer .
" Our expectation is that this network will be 100 or 1,000 times larger than the internet , " Marie Hattar , vice - president of marketing at U.S. - based Cisco Network Systems Solutions , said when the company announced last year that it intended to make communication equipment for the smart grid .
" If you think about it , some homes have internet access , but some do n't .
Everyone has electricity access — all of those homes could potentially be connected . "
How it works
In its most basic form , the smart grid allows utilities to read meters without sending out an employee ; instead the meters send a reading back to the utility automatically .
But Ontario's push into smart meters has been aimed at changing consumer behaviour , so the launch in that province goes further .
" The Ontario government wanted to get price transparency into the hands of the consumers , " says Rick Stevens , director of distribution development at Ontario 's Hydro One .
" So we 're building all the back - office systems to allow customers to get better price transparency through time - of - use rates , which is something we 'll be rolling out in the next few months . "
Many households with smart meters can already go online and log in to an energy - use account to see how much energy they used during a specific time period .
By giving people more detailed information about their electricity usage , the assumption is that they will be willing to reduce their consumption or re-schedule it to off - peak hours when the rate may be cheaper .
Privacy concerns
Things get trickier from a privacy perspective if the system offers real - time statistics , since electricity use is a good indication of whether someone is at home at that very moment and what they are doing - if they 're awake or asleep , for example .
Eventually , utilities will have the ability to allow consumers to see how their energy use compares to that of their neighbours , information that , if not sufficiently protected , could reveal many things about your neighbours ' comings and goings as well .
Utilities promise this data will be encrypted and assigned an anonymous number that can't be tracked back to an individual customer .
But the cyber security co-ordination task group that has been addressing smart grid privacy concerns in the U.S. has warned , " there is a lack of formal privacy policies , standards , or procedures by entities who are involved in the smart grid and collect information . "
It added that , " comprehensive and consistent definitions of personally identifiable information do not generally exist in the utility industry . "
Stevens , who has been in touch with Cavoukian and has read the smart grid report , says Hydro One has both hardware and software safeguards in place to preserve customer privacy .
" Hydro One 's approach is to build security requirements right up front and put them into our tender documents so that safeguards are integrated as part of the overall design , " says Stevens .
" Privacy by design is what we live and breathe . "
Smart appliances
Hydro
One has policies in place that prohibit it from selling customer information to third parties .
But the pressure for third - parties to access power - usage information will only increase .
Many companies are working on new products — electric vehicles , smart appliances and energy - production systems like solar panels — that have the potential to take advantage of the smart grid's two - way communication system to send usage information from individual appliances and devices to a central office where it can be accessed by the utility or by the user .
Whirlpool Corp. , for example , announced in January it would produce one million smart appliances by the end of 2011 and make all its appliances smart grid- compatible by the end of 2015 .
Device - specific information would be useful to the consumer to get credit , for example , if they were feeding electricity back into the grid from solar panels or a windmill .
Some appliances could adjust their own energy consumption according to the time of day or by monitoring what other appliances were running in the home .
This kind of information could help make a home more efficient in terms of energy consumption , but it would also be tempting information for marketers , governments and even thieves .
The Future of Privacy report suggests that extensive information could be gleaned from the grid — everything from when you shower or watch TV to which appliances and gadgets you have in your home , and when you use them .
The report urges that any third - party access to the information should not be a deal between the utilities and the third parties , but between the consumers and the third parties .
As well , third parties should agree not to correlate data with data obtained from other sources or the individual , without the consent of the individual .
" There always needs be a policy to provide levels of protection , or at least transparency , about how the data will be used , " says Christopher Wolf of the Future of Privacy Forum .
" It 's not the technology that 's bad , it 's the use of the technology . "
Stevens says it's hard to predict how smart appliances and vehicles will interact with the grid .
For example , in the future you may be able to plug your electric vehicle into a friend 's meter and , by keying in your code , have it billed to your account .
This system could make it easier for a person 's whereabouts to be tracked , but right now it 's just an idea .
" It 's not that we 're not thinking about it — it 's just that we do n't build cars , so we have to watch the car makers to see where they 're going , " says Stevens .
" We can't start building functionality because we do n't know the requirements at this point . "
Ontario privacy commissioner Cavoukian has been calling for companies , governments and other agencies to build their information systems with privacy as the default mode .
" If privacy is to live well into the future , we can no longer rely on regulatory compliance .
Smart privacy is about having a whole arsenal of protections .
That includes having regulations , but they 're not going to be enough for the future . "
For someone who once generated a national hysteria by claiming socialized medicine would bring about government - run “ death panels ” that would kill the elderly and children with mental defects , Sarah Palin seems remarkably calm , what with her grandson now facing the very same allegedly tyrannical construct , that is .
Yes , that ’s right : Sarah Palin , Alaska ’s former governor and a millionaire thanks to sales of her book , has a grandson whose health care is paid for by the federal government , according to newly released court documents .
ADVERTISEMENT
The revelation was made in court documents filed Feb. 16 , relating to the child support battle between Bristol Palin and Levi Jonson , available here [ PDF link ] courtesy of E ! Online .
“ The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama ’s ‘ death panel ’ so his bureaucrats can decide , based on a subjective judgment of their ‘ level of productivity in society , ’ whether they are worthy of health care , ” Palin wrote on her Facebook page in mid-August .
“ Such a system is downright evil . ”
Her diatribe was actually a twisted interpretation of end of life care , a provision that would have paid for patients ’ counseling with doctors and attorneys on what they wish to be done on their behalf after death — but that did n’t stop Republicans the nation over from repeating the claim ad nauseam , seemingly undeterred by its transparent inaccuracy .
So far , that system of “ downright evil ” has provided comprehensive medical care for her grandson Tripp , paid for with federal dollars from the Indian Health Service .
Arguing that Johnson had not paid health insurance premiums for his son , lawyers for Palin ’s daughter wrote that exemptions claimed by Johnson ’s attorneys were invalid due to Tripp ’s health coverage by the IHS .
The claim can be found on page eight of the court documents .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There are two reasons why this request should be rejected , ” the lawyers wrote .
“ First , Levi has never paid for any health insurance .
One cannot seek deduction for costs or support one has never paid .
Second , this insurance is unnecessary .
Tripp is an enrolled member of Curyung Tribal Council within the Bristol Bay Native Association consortium .
Because the majority of Tripp ’s health care costs are already covered by IHS and the Alaska Native Medical Center , Mr. Johnston has no need to purchase additional health insurance and his deduction should not be allowed . ”
Because Tripp ’s grandfather Todd is descendant from the Yup ’ik Eskimo , his children and grandchildren are registered with the Curyung Tribal Council , part of the Bristol Bay Native Association , and thus eligible for government - run health insurance through the Indian Health Service .
All “ lineal descendants ” of Native enrollees are eligible for the program .
The health services are provided by law as a requirement of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act ( IHCIA ) , passed in 1976 .
The Indian Health Service is overseen by the federal Department of Health and Human Services .
Reauthorization of the IHCIA had stalled during President Bush ’s terms and the group has lobbied President Obama to work with them on reforming the legislation and ensuring its reauthorization .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We recognize that there is a national need for health care reform , ” The National Indian Health Board wrote in an open letter [ PDF link ] dated June , 2009 .
“ However , as frequently noted , the United States is the only developed country that does not guarantee health care coverage for all of its citizens .
The irony of reforming health care is that it means more to Indian people than fixing a broken system .
Compared to what we were promised , health care in Indian Country is an atrocity ; funding for health care that does not adequately provide quality health care for our people , substandard health conditions due to government inefficiency , and pitting Tribe against Tribe for construction , maintenance and repair of health facilities , just to name a few . ”
While the Tribes ’ complaints certainly ring similar to other rational concerns about the possibility of socialized medicine , it is a far , far cry from the nightmare scenario Palin invented to describe Obama ’s health reform proposals .
The revelation that her own grandson benefits from such a system would seemingly leave one to wonder why Palin , a woman of such wealth and affluence , would not just pay for private insurance instead of entrusting her grandson ’s health and well - being to a group she unwittingly called “ downright evil . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A prior version of this story did not specify why Tripp Palin is eligible for tribal health benefits .
Apple and HTC might each be trying to patent a fancy capacitive stylus , but it looks like the good people of South Korea have stumbled on a decidedly more low - tech ( and delicious ) solution to using their phones in the winter : sausages .
Apparently snack sausages from the CJ Corporation are electrostatically compatible with the iPhone 's capacitive touchscreen , leading many to use them as a " meat stylus " in the cold weather , rather than remove a glove .
And it 's not just a joke ; apparently South Korean snack sausage sales are soaring .
We do n't know if anyone 's managed to combine this bit of amazing hackery with the bacon iPod sleeve yet , but we do know that we just registered meatstylus.com -- anyone care to send in some local sausage test results ?
Robert Pozen does an excellent job in the Wall Street Journal of describing how the home buyer tax credit and the FHA 's low down payment requirement is churning out toxic mortgages .
From the WSJ :
Here 's how the credit allows buyers to avoid putting their own money at risk .
Suppose a couple making $ 60,000 annually buys a home worth $ 200,000 .
They can get an FHA - insured loan if they put down 3.5 % of the purchase price , about $ 7,000 .
The couple will also need to come up with another $ 1,000 in closing costs , for a total of $ 8,000 .
The couple can either dip into savings or borrow that money from relatives or somewhere else on a temporary basis .
After closing , the couple can quickly obtain the $ 8,000 refundable tax credit to pay off their temporary loan ( or replenish their savings ) .
In effect , they will have bought a home without putting any of their own money at risk .
Owners who do n't sink their own money into a house are much more likely to default on the mortgage .
And when the couple defaults , the FHA is on the hook for the loan .
And when the FHA goes bust , the taxpayers will be on the hook .
Why on earth are will still making and insuring mortgages like this ?
A film showing two alleged terrorists crawling through a park in camouflage gear has been released to the public .
The video , made by a group who called themselves The Blackburn Resistance , was al - Qaeda propaganda destined to be distributed abroad , a court heard .
Abbas Iqbal , 24 , his brother Ilyas Iqbal , 23 , and Muhammed Ali Ahmad , 26 , are standing trial charged with terror offences at Manchester Crown Court .
All three deny preparing for acts of terrorism .
Abbas Iqbal also denies disseminating terrorist publications and possessing documents likely to be useful to a terrorist .
Ilyas Iqbal pleaded not guilty to two counts of possessing documents likely to be useful to a terrorist .
' Intoxicated '
The video was among material found in a mobile phone storage card discovered in the suitcase of Abbas Iqbal when he was arrested trying to board a flight from Manchester Airport to northern Europe in August 2008 .
Mr Aqbal was said to have filmed the duo - one of whom was allegedly carrying a rifle as he rustled through the park - training in Blackburn , Lancashire .
At court on Friday , Edward Brown QC , prosecuting , said they were " intoxicated by the evil of terrorism " as they prepared to join or carry out violent jihad .
He said the " promotional collage " for The Blackburn Resistance was among material which Abbas Iqbal and another alleged extremist , who can not be named for legal reasons , had intended to use to radicalise others .
The video was introduced by a voice stating : " They are fighting against oppression , they are The Blackburn Resistance " , before it showed two of the group crawling through woodland and across a path in the park .
Machete video
In the background , words in a foreign language chanted : " I am the armour for those who believe in the unity of Allah .
I am the fire against the aggressor .
" I am the machine gun against the one who starts fighting .
I am the one whose sun is shining .
Over my day and my pride . "
Police discovered extreme material Mr Ahmad had written , extremist speeches , martyrdom videos and mobile phone images of executions when they searched his home in Whalley Range , Manchester .
A further camcorder video tape allegedly showed Mr Iqbal holding a young boy and raising a machete .
Playing the tape in court on Friday Mr Brown told the jury : " It is plainly a joke and he obviously has no intention of hurting the boy . "
The boy , aged about eight , is on camera in a room with two girls as Mr Iqbal holds the weapon and , in Urdu , says : " This is what I am going to do to somebody .
God willing , when I find a Kuffar ( non-believer ) , this I show , I am going to take his head off . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1971 - Kings trade Denis DeJordy , Dale Hoganson , Noel Price and Doug Robinson to the Montreal Canadiens for Rogie Vachon .
1975 - Kings trade Terry Harper , Dan Maloney and a second round pick ( Jim Roberts ) to the Detroit Red Wings for Bart Crashley and the rights to Marcel Dionne .
1988 - Kings trade Jimmy Carson , Martin Gelinas , their ' 89 first round pick ( Jason Miller ) , '91 first round pick ( Martin Rucinsky ) , ' 93 first round pick ( Nick Stajduhar ) , and $ 15 MM cash to the Edmonton Oilers for Wayne Gretzky , Mike Krushelnyski and Marty McSorley .
1989 - Kings trade Mark Fitzpatrick , Wayne McBean and future considerations ( Doug Crossman ) to the Islanders for Kelly Hrudey .
1990 - Kings trade Bernie Nicholls to the Rangers for Tony Granato and Tomas Sandstrom .
1991 - Kings trade Mikko Makela to the Buffalo Sabres for Mike Donnelly .
1991 - Kings trade Randy Gilhen to the Rangers for Corey Millen .
1994 - Kings trade Doug Houda to Buffalo for Sean O'Donnell .
1995 - Kings trade first round pick ( Alexandre Volchkov ) , 1996 fourth round pick ( Justin Davis ) to the Capitals for Byron Dafoe and Dmitri Khristich .
1996 - Kings trade Marty McSorley , Jari Kurri and Shane Churla to the Rangers for Mattias Norstrom , Ray Ferraro , Ian Laperriere , Nathan Lafayette and fourth round pick ( Sean Blanchard ) .
1999 - Kings trade Olli Jokinen , Josh Green , Mathieu Biron and a first round pick ( Taylor Pyatt ) to the New York Islanders for Ziggy Palffy , Bryan Smolinski , Marcel Cousineau and a fourth round pick ( Daniel Johansson ) .
2000 - Kings send two fifth round picks to the Senators to trade up to the fourth round and select Lubomir Visnovsky .
2001 - Kings trade Rob Blake and Steve Reinprecht to the Colorado Avalanche for Adam Deadmarsh , Aaron Miller , Jared Aulin , a first round pick in 2001 and 2003 ( Dave Steckel and Brian Boyle ) .
2001 Kings trade Aki Berg to the Toronto Maple Leafs for Adam Mair and a second round pick ( Mike Cammalleri ) .
2002 - Kings trade Brian Smolinski to the Ottawa Senators for Tim Gleason .
2006 - Kings trade Tim Gleason and Eric Belanger to the Carolina Hurricanes for Jack Johnson .
2007 - Kings trade Brent Sopel to the Vancouver Canucks for a second round pick ( Wayne Simmonds ) and a fourth round pick ( Justin Jokinen ) .
2008 - Kings trade Lubomir Visnovsky to the Oilers for Jarret Stoll and Matt Greene .
2009 - Kings trade Patrick O'Sullivan and a second round pick ( Brian Dumoulin ) in a three - way trade with Edmonton and Carolina which brings Justin Williams to the Kings , while Erik Cole goes to Carolina and O'Sullivan to the Oilers .
2009 - Kings trade Kyle Quincey and Tom Preissing to the Avalanche for Ryan Smyth .
ROME ( Reuters ) - Italy may soon seek a ban on full - face Muslim veils , drawing on debate in France where President Nicolas Sarkozy has described the burqa as unwelcome and legislators are considering a vote to outlaw or restrict it .
Equal Opportunities Minister Mara Carfagna has said the Italian government will quickly follow in France ’s footsteps , breathing new life into four draft bills on burqas already circulating in parliamentary committees .
“ I completely agree with the French initiative , which I think will push other European countries and hence , also Italy , to enact laws on this issue , ” Carfagna said this week .
“ This is about a sacrosanct battle to defend the dignity and rights of immigrant women .
A law is being studied that would ban the use of a burqa and niqab , which are not religious symbols -- that ’s not us saying it , but the top religious authorities of the Islamic world , like the imams of Cairo and Paris . ”
Her comments came after a French parliamentary panel this week urged the National Assembly to pass a resolution denouncing full Muslim face veils and then vote on the strictest law possible to ban women from wearing them .
Critics see the Burqa , a full veil with a slit for the eyes , as a symbol of the subjugation of women .
In Italy , the initiative has drawn strong support from the far - right , anti-immigrant Northern League party in Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi ’s conservative government , though some opposition figures have also applauded the move .
In deeply Catholic Italy -- where a European court ruling against crucifixes in classrooms sparked a national uproar -- a few small northern towns have already tried to ban burqas with local decrees , though some of those were later annulled .
The ban initiative also looks to have the backing of most Italians .
A poll by the SWG polling group showed 71 percent of Italians were in favour of a ban on full face veils .
“ WALKING UNDER WATER ”
Still , like in France , the issue has provoked sharp debate in Italy over whether a new law is needed , with leftist politicians and even some in Berlusconi ’s coalition questioning whether legislation could end up being counterproductive .
“ I ’m convinced the burqa is a prison and a form of male dominance , ” said leftist senator Vittoria Franco .
“ Having said that , I think it ’s wrong to ban it because it would be an abstract intervention that would not help emancipate women . ”
Others say wearing a burqa or a niqab -- a face veil with an eye opening -- is already illegal under a 1975 anti-terrorism law that bars appearing in public with a masked face .
But conservative lawmaker Souad Sbai , who has proposed amending the 1975 law to specifically include the words “ niqab ” and “ burqa ” , says a clear message needs to be sent to dissuade young immigrant Muslim women from taking up face veils .
“ If we do n’t ban it now , tomorrow we ’ll have lots of women walking around in a niqab , ” Sbai , who is of Moroccan descent , told Reuters .
“ Each day the number of women wearing it rises .
Just go to Brescia , Bergamo or Milan or any market , They are full of women wearing them . ”
She says more than 1,000 women in Italy wear full face veils , though Ahmad Gianpiero Vincenzo , head of the Italian Muslim Intellectuals group , says not more than 100 women do .
Muslim groups in Italy say they advise women against wearing face veils , but that enacting a new law on it is either unnecessary or could constitute an attempt to legislate personal choice .
Either way , burqa wearers are unlikely to get much done in Italy , says a reporter from La Repubblica newspaper .
Going undercover in a niqab , she recounted not being allowed to borrow library books and being asked to leave local government offices .
“ Walking around Milan inside a burqa is like walking under water , ” she wrote in the left - leaning newspaper .
What is Space ?<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = " urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office " />
A Brief Exposé of our Neglected Stepchild in Physics
By : David Cox
Space , that place where everything exists and moves within .
Space is empty .
Space is not entirely empty .
Space , it seems to be expanding .
Space , it ’s a place that can be distorted and curved .
Space , it has at least three dimensions but some theories endow it with 11 , and even 25 dimensions have been speculated .
Space seems to have almost as many definitions as Time , which is a travesty indeed .
Time however is one of our favorite children ; we give it a lot of attention and so called “ detailed ” definition .
Space on the other hand has several “ vague ” definitions and receives our abuse instead of love .
Space is never the center of attention like energy / mass , time and the fundamental forces .
It ’s always the supporting actor , seldom the star .
Space ; what exactly is it ?
One of the few moments of the universe in which space has a starring role is close to the “ beginning ” .
The Big bang model generally alludes to a theory posited by Alan Guth called the Inflationary Period .
Due to issues regarding Homogeneity , the theory states that space experienced a brief and sudden period of inflation shortly after the “ beginning ” .
When we step away from the mathematical model and conceptualize this proposed event we basically define space at that point in the same manner in which we do now .
It is required for “ things ” to participate in , and the more space that is available , the larger the participants can be .
Furthermore , with more space , things can be farther apart , which allows multiple distinct things to form instead of possibly one , or a very few .
Historically the basic concept of space is this ; when space exists , there can be more of it .
When there is more of it , there can be more and larger things in it and the things can be farther apart .
Exactly “ what ” makes space exists we do n’t know .
Exactly “ what ” makes more space we can only speculate with our mathematical models .
Although we ’re not generally aware of it , our definition of space is one of the few definitions that continues basically unchanged throughout every aspect of human cognition .
Wherever you happen to be reading this paper you can glance away and notice things occupying the space around you .
If it is dark you can glance at the sky and notice things occupying space .
Relative to our current understanding the integrity of the “ shape ” which things exhibit is due to the fundamental forces , including Gravity .
This understanding further tells us that the relationship between these distinct things in space is mainly the result of Gravity .
If it were not for this relationship the things in space would not be predictable ( no stable relationships ) which negates beings like us ever coming into existence .
Because all things are in motion , this stable relationship “ holds ” things together in space .
Notice at this point that we are still carrying the same definition for space .
We have only added the fundamental forces which govern the relationships of things in space .
The models of Special and General Relativity changed this definition somewhat .
It states that space is distorted or curved by the presence of matter .
This is the first point along our definition of space that it becomes interactive with the things in it .
However the details of this interaction are not explained .
There is however , a very good explanation of how we can make and subsequently interpret measurements regarding this interaction .
In the General Relativity model this explanation is in the form of spacetime .
This is a mathematical construct facilitated by the Lorentz Transformations which as we know provides accurate measurements of physical phenomena .
However we must remember that it is only a framework for measurement .
It is not an explanation of the interaction between space and the things in it .
In other words it does n’t explain “ how ” things can distort space only that it does .
It does n’t explain the particular properties of space that allow it to be distorted .
In order to explain “ how ” this happens we first have to know the exact “ properties ” of space itself .
The Special Relativity model has its framework for measurement known as Minkowski Space .
The conceptual components responsible for this framework are Time Dilation and Length Contraction .
As with General Relativity these explanations posit a relationship between space and things where space is malleable but does not explain “ how ” the interaction takes place .
Quantum models explain the things in space in much more detail which even reduce to the point of minute quantum fluctuations .
This explains that space is not empty .
However these fluctuations are still “ in ” space .
There is still no complete explanation of the interaction between things and space .
Like a golf game the same definitions of space are still playing through .
Although the Relativity models describe a “ geometrically ” distorted and curved space ; things are still active “ in ” space ; the details of the interaction are not described .
The mathematics of Relativity , although robust , are actually very simple and work very well .
It is when we consider the conceptual implications that we become confused .
The mathematical model in General Relativity uses a four vector function which cements a relationship between space and time .
There is one value for time and one for each of the three dimensions of space .
This relationship defines the space component throughout the equations .
As you will notice , even mathematically , space is still something that things occupy .
It is not something that things interact ‘ with ” , it ’s only the stage for things to play in and can change shape due to the things .
General Relativity gets us much closer to understanding space than the Newtonian model did .
At least with Relativity there is some interaction between things and space .
The next model must explain “ how ” this interaction takes place .
The only way we can explain how this interaction takes place is by defining the properties of space itself .
In my new model , Composite Relativity , due to be published mid to late 2010 I explain exactly that , the properties of space itself .
As it turns out , space is not a three dimensional stage for things to play in but rather a “ thing ” itself .
It ’s more accurate to apply the three dimensions to the things rather than space .
The transparency of space is misleading regarding its interaction with other things .
Its detect ability through measurement is something we partially already do , and is closely related to what we now interpret as gravity .
The interpretation of gravity in the Newtonian models was reversed but the mathematics worked and still do because they are non-directional .
Relativity more or less gets the order corrected and institutes an interaction between things and space but still does n’t have gravity correctly defined .
This is almost entirely due to not defining “ how ” the interaction between things and space take place .
A portion of the conflict between current Relativity and Quantum models is a result of the “ lazy ” space component in them .
We are trying to make energy / mass and the fundamental forces do more than they actually do which has created a few partially false relationships .
When we let space do its share of the work the actual relationships become very clear and concise .
There is a small problem regarding how Relativity treats the Time component but by equating Time with energy in certain ways , the mathematics compensate where the conceptual model does n’t .
The Quantum models do not treat the Time component in the same manner as the Relativity model .
This results in the incorrect treatment of Time being a contributing factor .
See my paper , The End of Time , at www.compositerelativity.weebly.com for more on the Time component .
In the end , it is not as much an incorrect definition of space but rather a lack thereof that is the main problem .
Composite Relativity moves space from the neglected stepchild to a dominant component in the universe .
There is a large measure of vindication for space .
As it turns out , it ’s not so much what things do to space , but rather what space does to things .
However at the end of the day it all boils down to interactions , relationships and describing how and why they happen .
One of the most pleasing aspects , at least to me , of the definition of space in Composite Relativity is it ’s easily conceptualized .
It is “ patternistic ” in a layered context .
Let me explain with a general example .
All matter evolves ( is constructed ) through the compilation of parts and pieces .
The “ policemen ” that “ direct ” these parts and pieces to their “ destinations ” are the fundamental forces .
As we observe this process we extract certain laws from it which are simply patterns and processes that never change .
In order for humans to participate in the universe above an animal instinctive level we must understand the world around us .
We understand the world around us through conceptual models .
These are built by observing the behavior of things and discovering there are patterns evident in the behavior of all natural phenomena .
At this point our conceptual model “ matches ” the real world .
We then use these patterns to “ capture ” the “ policemen ” ; the fundamental forces responsible for producing the patterns .
Once captured , we “ force ” them to give us information regarding things we can’t easily see .
We do n’t easily see the very small or the very large but by constructing more powerful “ eyes ” we can “ see ” at those levels and what we see is a layered continuation where the laws still apply .
We do n’t easily see the atomic world or the universe at its largest scale but we can still conceptualize them because they are participants in the overall layered context .
The reason we can still conceptualize the entire picture is because the pathways from one end to the other is unbroken ; we can “ walk ” the entire stretch without encountering a chasm that breaks the continuity .
The current Relativity and Quantum models introduce a chasm into our conceptual pathway .
When we encounter a chasm we turn to the policemen for instructions as to bridging the chasm .
When the policemen who have led us so competently for so long ca n’t help us we turn elsewhere for guidance .
Up until we reached the chasm we could easily “ see ” ( conceptualize ) everything along with the policeman and our mathematics but when the policemen fail us we are led from that point by the mathematics alone .
Our conceptual “ eyes ” are taken from us and we must trust the mathematics completely for our guidance .
When observations seem to agree with the mathematics we no longer know “ why ” simply because we are blind ; we ca n’t build a conceptual model .
This is very dangerous territory we are crossing and we must always question the mathematics that are leading us .
In the past we often assumed that operational mathematics “ must ” be “ integrational ” with , and completely match the real world it is modeling .
However we have known for sometime that is not the case ; we “ can ” construct operational mathematical models that do not match the real world it is attempting to model .
As scientists , or anyone for that matter , we are “ constrained ” to not abandon the policeman too soon .
The policemen control the laws but do not give us a constituency list .
They can point to “ unseen ” constituents or become agitated at ill defined ones but it is up to us to “ see ” and correctly define them .
Composite Relativity as any scientist would expect is not a replacement of General relativity but rather a refinement .
It removes the chasm “ mirage ” and allows us to continue our march with eyes wide open and keep a tight leash on our mathematics .
It does not guarantee that we wo n’t eventually encounter another chasm nor is there written anywhere that we must be able to conceptualize everything .
However with the lessons learned from this experience at a chasm it ’s likely the next obstacle will be a wall / barrier through which a participant in this system cannot enter .
In regards to humans not having the capacity to conceptualize our entire system there is one inescapable fact ; we are not only participants within the system we are products of the system .
It is likely we will always be able to conceptualize our system of the universe .
The bottom line with Composite Relativity is that it works and works very well .
Of course it ’s easy to see in retrospect but it was the haste in which we were attempting to answer certain questions that left space and time ill defined in Special and General Relativity .
The growing awareness that motion was relative was something the aether based models could n’t define .
The seeming constancy of the speed of light coupled with it not submitting to composition of velocities had to be defined .
Einstein answered these questions and others leading to the satellite models of Quantum Theory .
The “ visual ” mind experiments ( conceptual models ) Einstein used and described to us are more or less correct .
It ’s the description of each constituent within those visual models that comes up short .
Composite Relativity makes “ small ” corrections that at the end of the day make a large difference and it is the definition of space that is mostly responsible .
Note to Physicists :
The compilation of testing data from all perspectives is time consuming but will hopefully stay on schedule .
As you would expect the model is much more concise than the current models , a prime example of Occum ’s Razor at work .
As always , we are constrained to defer to the most concise model available that precisely agrees with observation and makes accurate predictions .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Britain's Ministry of Defense has released files on UFO sightings dating back to the 1970s , including witness accounts and the government 's response .
The ministry on Wednesday released the files as part of a four - year project to transfer all of the UFO documents to the National Archives to make them available to curious members of the public .
The documents include hundreds of police reports taken from witnesses who describe seeing lights or strange objects in the sky , from southern England and Wales up to Northern Ireland .
The files released Wednesday cover 1978 to 1987 .
The rest , dating from the 1950s and covering recent history , will be released over the coming years .
Reported sightings typically describe various shapes and colors of lights , moving in formation or hovering in the sky .
Witnesses reported orange , red , white and green lights that were diamond - shaped , square , or cigar - shaped .
They reported them to police , who have a standard 16 - question form specifically for UFO sightings .
" The vast majority of them are just ordinary people who 've seen something unusual and thought that they ought to tell someone about it , " said David Clarke , a professor at Sheffield Hallam University and a UFO expert who worked with the National Archives on the project .
In one sighting in January 1985 , a man near Cardiff , Wales , was closing his living room curtains when he saw an object in the sky .
He said it moved " up and down like a bouncing ball , " then disappeared behind a mountain .
Two police officers in Woking , south of London , reported seeing a white light in the sky on Christmas morning 1985 .
The light , they said , moved into the nearby area of Horsell , where author H.G. Wells had placed the Martian landing in his book , " War of the Worlds . "
The person who took the report noted the officers were aware of the connection , writing , " Genuine report .
Two competent officers slightly embarrassed ( Horsell Common features in H.G. Wells ) . "
Do n't Miss UFOs ?
Nope .
They were fighter jets , Air Force says
UFOs ?
Nope .
They were fighter jets , Air Force says Politician ' saw a UFO in the sky '
Politician ' saw a UFO in the sky ' UK opens its own ' X - file '
Two other police officers in Edgware , north London , reported seeing an object in the sky in June 1984 .
They viewed it with binoculars for an hour and sketched a picture , showing a white sphere with a ring of blue and red lights .
" The object moved erratically from side to side , up and down and to and fro , not venturing far from its original position , " the officers wrote .
Other reports came from stunned members of the public , pilots , and members of the military .
The Ministry of Defense said it examined the reports and held onto the records solely to determine whether enemy aircraft had infiltrated British airspace .
Once it was determined that no enemy aircraft were in the sky , it did not investigate further .
Watch why the ministry is revealing what it knows about UFOs »
" The Ministry of Defense has no other interest or role regarding UFO matters and does not consider questions regarding the existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life - forms , " it said Wednesday .
That leaves many of the incidents simply unexplained , such as an April 1984 report made by a senior air traffic controller at an unidentified airfield .
The controller was bringing in a light aircraft for landing when he noticed a series of lights appearing to come down on another runway .
The crew of the incoming plane radioed that they saw the lights , too .
All reported that they saw the lights come down " at speed , " touch down , and disappear .
" They were so concerned about this , they filed an official report , " Clarke said .
" But what was the thing that they saw ?
There 's no evidence from the papers that any further investigations were done and it remains a mystery . "
In 1979 , two years after Steven Spielberg 's alien- visitation movie " Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " reports of strange sightings had increased and the House of Lords decided to hold a debate on UFOs .
One of the documents released Wednesday is a detailed briefing prepared by the Ministry of Defense for the debate , and it sheds light on the military 's position on the matter .
" There is nothing to indicate that ufology ( the study of UFOs ) is anything but claptrap and no evidence at all of ' alien space craft , ' " read the briefing , prepared by the ministry for Lord Strabolgi , then government chief whip .
At least one report in the files has since been explained , however .
A report from August 1985 details the crop circles that two army officers found in a wheat field in Andover , in southern England .
They noted one large circle surrounded by four smaller ones , all perfectly round with the wheat pressed down in a clockwise direction .
No tracks led up to the circles , they said .
The farmer called the army officers because he thought the Army Air Corps had created the circles , but the officers said they were stumped .
" None of us could offer any reasonable explanation , " they wrote .
It is now known that the crop circles were some of many created by two hoaxers named Doug Bowers and Dave Chorley , according to Clarke .
" Doug and Dave , " as they were called , came forward in 1990 to say they created the circles with a garden roller and planks of wood , Clarke said .
" We now know that this particular circle near Andover was one of the ones that was created as a hoax by these two men , " he said .
All About London • United Kingdom • Europe
The emissions cuts offered so far at the Copenhagen climate change summit would still lead to global temperatures rising by an average of 3C , according to a confidential UN analysis obtained by the Guardian .
With the talks entering the final 24 hours on a knife - edge , the emergence of the document seriously undermines the statements by governments that they are aiming to limit emissions to a level ensuring no more than a 2C temperature rise over the next century , and indicates that the last day of negotiations will be extremely challenging .
A rise of 3C would mean up to 170 million more people suffering severe coastal floods and 550 million more at risk of hunger , according to the Stern economic review of climate change for the UK government – as well as leaving up to 50 % of species facing extinction .
Even a rise of 2C would lead to a sharp decline in tropical crop yields , more flooding and droughts .
Tonight hopes of the summit producing a deal were rising after the US , the world 's biggest historical polluter , moved to save the talks from collapse .
The secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , committed the US to backing a $ 100 bn - a - year global climate fund from 2020 to shield poor countries from the ravages of global warming .
Barack Obama is expected to offer even more cash when he flies in tomorrow .
Another key obstacle – the fate of the Kyoto treaty – was solved , with China and the developing world seeing off attempts to kill the protocol .
But the UN analysis suggests much deeper cuts will have to be agreed tomorrow to achieve the stated objective of limiting temperature rises to 2C .
The document was drafted by the UN secretariat running the Copenhagen summit and is dated 11 pm on Tuesday night .
It is marked " do not distribute " and " initial draft " .
It shows a gap of up to 4.2 gigatonnes of carbon emissions between the present pledges and the required 2020 level of 44 Gt , which is required to stay below a 2C rise .
No higher offers have since been made .
" Unless the remaining gap of around 1.9- 4.2 Gt is closed and Annexe 1 parties [ rich countries ] commit themselves to strong action before and after 2020 , global emissions will remain on an unsustainable pathway that could lead to concentrations equal or above 550 parts per million , with the related temperature rise around 3 C , " it says .
It does not specify a time when 3C would be reached but it is likely to be 2050 .
Greenpeace campaigner Joss Garman said : " This is an explosive document that shows the numbers on the table at the moment would lead to nothing less than climate breakdown and an extraordinarily dangerous situation for humanity .
The UN is admitting in private that the pledges made by world leaders would lead to a 3C rise in temperatures .
The science shows that could lead to the collapse of the Amazon rainforest , crippling water shortages across South America and Australia and the near - extinction of tropical coral reefs , and that 's just the start of it . "
Bill McKibben , founder of the campaign 350.org , said : " In one sense this is no secret – we 've been saying it for months .
But it is powerful to have the UN confirming its own insincerity . "
He did not know why his name was written on the top of the document .
However , Bob Ward , at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change at the London School of Economics , said current ambitions could still be consistent with a 50 % chance of meeting the 2C target .
" But it would require steeper reductions after 2020 , which are likely to be more costly , to be well below 35 billion tonnes in 2030 and well below 20 billion tonnes in 2050 . "
The goal of keeping the increase in global average temperatures below 2C , relative to pre-industrial levels , has become the figure that all rich countries have committed to try to achieve in Copenhagen .
However , 102 of the world 's poorest countries are holding out for emission cuts resulting in a temperature increase of no more than 1.5C .
Failing to do that , they say , would leave billions of people in the world homeless , facing famine and open to catastrophic weather - related disasters .
But such an ambitious target would mean carbon would have to be removed from the atmosphere .
The internal paper says : " Further steps are possible and necessary to fill the gap .
This could be done by increasing the aggregated emission reductions [ in rich countries ] to at least 30 % below the baseline levels , further stronger voluntary actions by developing countries [ such as China and India ] to reduce their emissions by at least 20 % below business as usual , and reducing further emissions from deforestation and international aviation and marine shipping . "
Oxfam International 's climate adviser , Hugh Cole , said : " At this stage , a deal that fails to keep temperature rises below two degrees is simply not good enough . "
Earlier this week Rajendra Pachauri , who heads the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , said that even with 1.5C rises , many communities would suffer .
" Some of the most vulnerable regions in the world will be worst affected .
These will be the largest countries in the developing world .
They have little infrastructure that might protect them from climate change .
The traged yof the situation is that those countries that have not at all contributed to the problem of climate change will be the ones most affected , " he said .
" Some parts of the world , which even with a 1.5C rise , will suffer great hardship and lose their ability to lead a decent and stable form of existence .
If we are going to be concerned about these communities , then maybe 1.5C is what we should be targeting .
But if we can find means by which those communities can be helped to withstand the impact of climate change with substantial flow of finances , then maybe one can go to 2C . "
A UK government spokesman said last night : " The UK government continues to work towards a 2 degree deal at Copenhagen and current ambitions set us on track to meet that target .
We know however that more needs to be done before the talks conclude and that 's why the Prime Minister , the Climate Change Secretary and British negotiators will be working over these crucial next hours to secure a deal that delivers . "
Walter Fredrick Morrison , whose post - World War II invention of a “ flying ” plastic disc became an American recreational icon known as the Frisbee , has died .
He was 90 .
Morrison died Tuesday of age - related causes at his home in Monroe , Utah , said his son , Walt .
Wham - O Inc. has sold more than 200 million Frisbees since Morrison sold the company the rights to what he called the Pluto Platter in 1957 .
“ Fred ’s timeless contribution to the sport and toy industries has brought smiles to well over 200 million faces and continues to do so every day , ” Kevin Martzolff , Wham - O ’s vice president of design & marketing , said in a statement .
“ We are forever thankful for his invention of the Frisbee Disc and his ongoing partnership with Wham - O for over 50 years . ”
Morrison was born Jan. 23 , 1920 , in Richfield , Utah , and moved to California at age 11 .
In 1937 , he and his girlfriend and future wife , Lucile , began tossing a large popcorn can lid back and forth for fun during a Thanksgiving party .
When the lid got banged up , they switched to cake pans , which they discovered flew much better .
A year later , they were tossing a cake pan to each other on the beach in Santa Monica when someone saw them and offered a quarter for the pan .
“ That got the wheels turning , because you could buy a cake pan for 5 cents , and if people on the beach were willing to pay a quarter for it , well , there was a business , ” Morrison told the Virginia - Pilot in 2007 .
Soon , they were regularly selling cake pans on the beach for a quarter .
They continued their modest enterprise after marrying in 1939 and on up to World War II , when Morrison served in the Army Air Forces as a P - 47 pilot in Europe , where he spent time as a prisoner of war .
Back home in 1946 , Morrison sketched a design for an aerodynamically improved flying disc he dubbed the Whirlo - Way .
In 1948 , after modifying his drawings and experimenting with a number of prototypes , Morrison and an early partner , Warren Franscioni , began producing the first plastic discs that -- in the wake of reported UFO sightings -- were now called Flyin - Saucers .
“ We worked fairs , demonstrating it , ” Morrison told the Virginian - Pilot .
“ That ’s where we learned we could sell these things , because people ate them up . ”
In 1955 , after further improvement of his design , Morrison began producing a new disc , which he called the Pluto Platter .
After Morrison sold the rights to Wham - O in 1957 , the company named the disc the Frisbee .
“ I thought the name was a horror .
Terrible , ” he told the Press - Enterprise of Riverside in 2007 .
But Morrison , who told Forbes magazine in 1982 that by then he had received about $ 2 million in royalty payments , later changed his mind .
“ I would n’t change the name of it for the world , ” he said .
A 1964 redesign by Wham - O employee Ed Headrick added grooves to the top of the Frisbee ’s surface that improved the disc ’s flight .
The company then began marketing the Frisbee as a sports product , spurring the creation of Frisbee golf and the team sport known as ultimate Frisbee .
A longtime carpenter who also spent time as a Los Angeles building inspector , Morrison later raised and raced quarter horses as a hobby on his Utah property .
Asked the secret to the perfect Frisbee throw , Morrison told the Press - Enterprise in 2007 that it was “ all in the wrist . ”
“ A good throw takes practice , ” he said .
“ You need a good , firm grip and a quick release . ”
But , he conceded , “ the darn things can be unpredictable . ”
Morrison was preceded in death by his wife .
In addition to his son Walt , he is survived by his daughters , Judy and Christie ; and four grandchildren .
dennis.mclellan@latimes.com
The LPI is operated by USRA under a cooperative agreement with the Science Mission Directorate of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
This slide set is LPI Contribution No. 1174
Ordering an LPI Slide Set
According to a Yahoo Sports report and TNT ’s David Aldridge the New York Knicks and Houston Rockets are finally nearing completion on a deal involving Tracy McGrady ( a deal that ’s only been in talks for almost a full year now ) .
While I ’m not completely sold on what the Knicks would be giving up the deal makes sense with what the team is focusing on , the summer of 2010 .
Here are the details .
Houston receives Jared Jeffries , Jordan Hill and either Al Harrington or Larry Hughes .
Knicks receive Tracy McGrady , Joey Dorsey and Brian Cook ( if the deal includes Hughes ) .
There would also be some draft pick swapping .
Yahoo reports that the two teams would swap their 2011 first round picks and the Rockets would acquire New Yorks ’ 2012 first rounder .
While the team would give up a lot , especially draft pick wise for a possible half season rental , the Knicks would be setting themselves up big time for the summer of 2010 .
Donnie Walsh would finally rid himself of Jared Jeffries contract , freeing up even more salary cap space for the Knicks .
And McGrady well we know his insanely large contract expires after this season .
McGrady could wind up doing more for Knicks fans then they may think .
Yes , his contract expires after this season but if he proves he ’s still got game he could provide something else .
No , I ’m not talking about a playoff berth , I ’m talking about the 2010 - 2011 season .
If Tracy plays the entire stretch run and at a high level the Knicks could easily consider resigning him at a team friendly rate to complement whatever big name free agent ( s ) they bring in .
If he proves he ’s still that good , then they could even use him in some sort of sign - and - trade if another team was interested in him .
So while it may seem a lot in term of draft picks , the deal for Tracy could wind up even bigger then Knicks fans thought .
Now for the Rockets , I ’m sure they ’re ecstatic about possibly upgrading next years first rounder , adding a first rounder , and Jordan Hill ( the number eight pick in 2009 draft ) , all for a guy that only played in six games this season before being exiled by the team .
Hill is a guy the Knicks have n’t given much of a chance to but he ’s performed when given the minutes , averaging 4.1 pts and 2.5 rebounds over 10 minutes a game .
I ’m hoping this deal happens but really for one reason .
And that is so the Tracy McGrady to the New York Knick rumors from the past year and a half can finally cease .
Get it done fellas .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 579 - Blasphemy
Learned the Josh Christ fact twice in one week , from both Ed Brubaker and Christopher Moore .
Seemed like a sign to make a comic about it .
There might be something blasphemous about running religion comics on Sundays , but man , I love 'em .
Valentines
Day weekend is a gold mine for single men .
Â
Unfortunately , most of us do n’t know it and will probably ruin any chance of action by being “ too nice . ”
If a girl you like gets dumped during the week of V - day , it ’s logical to be there for her , get her some flowers , and possibly take her to a nice restaurant – right ?
Â
See this is where most of us fuck up .
Â
That my friends what gets you “ OMG I ’m so glad I have friends like you . ”
The solution :
Put your emotions aside and move in for the kill .
Â
When a lion sees an injured gazelle limping on the open plains , he does not try to nurse it back to health .
Â
Sure it ’s heartless and you might even feel like an ass , but this is how the circle of life works young Simba .
Here are 10 rage comics to help prove our point .
Mixed Signals
Logical Female is Logical
I Only Date Assholes
Sex Is Great
I Was Drunk , lulz
You ’re a Nice Guy
2 Weeks of Spending Time Together
From The Girl ’s Perspective
The Friend Zone Explained
The Friend Zone Solution ( Click to Enlarge )
Solving your challenges is our top priority .
Whether you want to optimize existing applications or win new markets - productive light gives you a lasting competitive edge .
Our high quality photonic solutions from ultraviolet to infrared provide better financial returns , improved process reliability and more innovation in your industrial manufacturing , scientific and medical applications .
Discover what productive light can do .
Photo : Jill Greenberg
If Stella is aware of the forces sweeping her world , she shows no sign .
My dog is on the floor in front of the couch , ignoring the kittens we adopted recently , partly to entertain her while we ’re at work .
Her big brown soulful eyes are tilted up at me in constant implicit question .
Stella is an elegant creature , with a high - gloss black coat and the runway model ’s trick of looking simultaneously gorgeous and ridiculous .
She is not , as a friend says , an intellectual , though I hasten to add , as any parent would , that she ’s of above - average intelligence , having learned the basic commands in the space of a week .
Not that , as an excitable animal in seemingly perpetual puppyhood , she always follows them .
While highly vocal , with a booming baritone bark and a complex secret language of whines and growls , she ’s not notably articulate .
There ’s usually a thought - bubble hovering over her , sometimes describing an unambiguous desire —
“ Want chicken ! ” — but often containing murkier information .
The closed captioning does n’t really work very well .
Is she depressed ?
Angry at us for taking her back from the country ?
Jealous of the fact that the cats get to climb on the furniture ?
She ’s staring at me , waiting for me to figure it out .
Stella is mostly a Labrador — certainly in her goofball ways — but her splotchy purple tongue , curling scimitar tail , and brownish undercoat suggest Chow blood , and sometimes I think there ’s a hint of Staffordshire terrier ( the dread pit bull ) in her face .
She ’s a mutt , though that ’s a word that ’s used much less now than it used to be .
Stella is also the nexus of several imaginative vectors .
She was a birthday present and little sister for our son , Charles ; an echo of my childhood dog , also a Lab and mother of many mutt puppies who happily slept outside and hardly knew a leash ; and a signifier of my occasional aspiration for a country life .
From my point of view , she lives in a haze of nostalgia .
Stella gets enough time in the country to want more , and sometimes , despite the walks and runs and trips to the Tompkins Square dog run , I feel that she ’s just passing time till she gets back there .
Guilt , along with plastic bags of dog poop , is pretty much a constant in an urban canine - human relationship .
Is this any kind of life for a dog ?
It is a vicarious , low - level existential crisis — what does she need , what is she ? — that her imploring eyes seem designed to produce .
The dog ’s eyes were designed to induce human concern , of course .
A dog ’s attentiveness to humans is one of the central differences between a dog and a wolf , probably the determinative one .
“ Dogs look at people , ” says James Serpell , a professor at the University of Pennsylvania .
“ You can boil it down to something as simple as gaze patterns .
With a hand - bred wolf , there are issues getting their attention .
Whereas a dog is constantly monitoring the owner for clues on how to behave and what to do . ”
A dog develops attachments to specific humans , in ways that wolves wo n’t .
Whereas a wolf will try to solve a difficult problem itself ( they are , apparently , brilliant at unlocking gates ) , a dog will quickly give up and look to its human to figure things out .
Serpell , a soft - spoken , sandy - haired Britisher in blue jeans , works in a slightly rickety Victorian on the outskirts of the UPenn campus in Philadelphia .
He ’s head of the Center for the Interaction of Animals and Society , which is underfunded in the current economic climate .
The center has looked into how it might tap the Leona Helmsley fortune but without luck so far .
Serpell ’s current work involves guide dogs .
A small percentage of trained seeing - eye dogs lose their motivation to work after a year or so —
“ They develop a kind of learned helplessness , ” Serpell says .
He ’s trying to understand whether it ’s some breakdown in the interaction between dog and owner or something intrinsic in the dogs themselves .
If learned helplessness sounds like an urban condition , it may be because the dog is more and more an urban species .
Even in the suburbs , the dog ’s unleashed , unfenced , carefree outdoor life is largely at an end .
The dogs are in the house , even in the bed .
( The doghouse is now mostly for husbands . )
There are no rules to this evolving , increasingly intimate arrangement , and it can give rise to a kind of canine identity crisis .
Outside of its country context , the dog plays an ever more human role .
Which can make things very confusing .
“ We ’ve seen a linear explosion in pet populations in Western countries over the past 40 years , ” Serpell tells me , and notes a correlation with the depressing statistics in Robert Putnam ’s Bowling Alone .
“ People are living more isolated lives , are having fewer children , their marriages are n’t lasting .
All these things sort of break down a social network and happen to exactly coincide with the growth in pet populations .
I think that what ’s happening is simply that we ’re allowing animals to fill the gap in our lives . ”
Photo : Jill Greenberg
There is a long and fascinating thread of research about the health benefits of dogs .
It turns out that the dog is a kind of wonder drug , an all - around stress reducer .
Pet owners recover at a substantially faster rate from heart problems than do non–dog owners .
There are other kinds of benefits , too .
A child raised with a pet is more empathetic than one who is n’t .
The dog — no secret here — is an excellent wingman .
A 2008 study found that a man with a dog had a much better chance of getting a woman ’s phone number than one without .
And the dog can even tell you whether or not you ’re a good person .
A 1999 study found that people who strongly dislike dogs score significantly higher on the measure of anal character and lower on the empathy scale of the California Psychological Inventory , indicating “ that people who liked dogs have less difficulty relating to people . ”
Serpell is most excited about new studies on oxytocin and dog ownership .
Oxytocin is the most important social - bonding hormone , present notably between mother and child but also in just about any interaction involving pair bonding , social affiliation , and trust .
More specifically , it ’s involved with the gaze between infants and mothers .
Researchers at Azabu University in Japan found last year that the dog ’s gaze at its owner increases the owner ’s oxytocin level .
No one believes , in his conscious mind , that the dog is a person .
But that may not matter .
The oxytocin study , while providing the key to understanding the myriad health benefits of dog ownership — oxytocin is a serious stress reducer — also makes scientifically clear what ’s obvious anecdotally :
The dog is an honorary human , accorded many of the same considerations .
It can be a surrogate child , brother in arms , solace of otherwise lonely urban lives .
Serpell ’s central insight is that these kinds of social functions are at the center of the relationship of dogs and people .
“ Selection of dogs for the performance of specific working tasks is certainly an important part of their evolution , ” he says .
“ But the fundamental work of dogs that has been in the background throughout has been providing people with companionship or social support . ”
As the relationship developed , specific canine qualities — the dog ’s gaze , its unending adolescence , its uncanny responsiveness to human cues — evolved , a process that Serpell calls “ anthropomorphic selection . ”
What was created was not , precisely , a human child , but it certainly was able to push some of the same buttons .
According to one study , 84 percent of dog owners consider their animals akin to children — not a surprise , given all the baby talk .
The British evolutionary psychologist John Archer has written , in critiquing Serpell ’s work , that the dog ’s ability to suck up human caregiving that could be going to human children while providing no evolutionary advantage makes them a social parasite .
But possibly the stress - reduction effects , more than theoretical camp - guarding and hunting benefits , may have earned the dog ’s keep .
And anyway , are you calling my dog a parasite ?
The social - bonding brain chemistry leads to special treatment of many different kinds .
These obsessive canine diet and training regimens are precise analogs of the little dictatorships that parents enforce over their children .
One of the dogs in our circle gets fed raw chicken , which is currently the most fashionable canine diet ; uncooked , the bones do n’t splinter .
Another gets cooked chicken — often of a quality that would make a fine sandwich .
We are permissive parents .
Stella gets dog food but also as many leftovers as she manages to beg .
Strictly speaking , she ’s not allowed to eat chicken bones off the street , but there ’s a particularly good hunting ground on lower First Avenue where she often gets walked , and if she manages to snatch one , I ’m much less inclined to stick my hand down her throat than I used to be .
I know this is wrong .
These differences resemble nothing so much as the fierce little tempests over , say , Ferberizing , or co-sleeping , or bedtimes , though of course there ’s another dimension .
Along with the concern for the dog ’s welfare , there also can be a kind of concern that maybe this relationship with the dog has gone a little far .
It ’s a minor vice , like watching too much television , the kind of not - that - there ’s - anything - wrong - with - that workaday weirdnesses that are part of the modern urban experience .
In the big city , you can do whatever you want .
When the dog was in the yard , it was easier to give the dog any old thing , treat the dog any old way .
The dog could find a dead animal , or bury a bone , or chase a squirrel , do its dog things .
In the apartment , Stella will dig fiercely at the carpet , making no progress , though at some point we will have to get a new carpet .
The apartment is a far from perfect place for the dog .
Still , they ’re camp followers of our microtribes , the only beings that fully understand the customs .
And unlike children , they ’ll never reject them .
Photo : Jill Greenberg
The dog is also associated with human damage , people who are lonely , people with trust issues , misanthropes ( Hitler was a dog lover ) , people with lots of money who think , possibly accurately , that that ’s the only reason people could love them .
Helmsley ’s little dog Trouble , the richest dog in the world , in her Florida redoubt , with her bodyguards , is the obvious example here .
The only charitable cause specifically mentioned in Helmsley ’s will — her fortune has been estimated at $ 5 billion at the low end — was to “ provide for the care of dogs . ”
The document is testament to a moral impoverishment of mythic dimensions — the last bird the queen flipped at the little people .
She outsourced the work of distributing the money to her trustees , who have so far not seen fit to bestow very much of it on canine causes .
As in Helmsley ’s case , a dog can be a last refuge for lost people .
But everyone knows people for whom a dog is a chosen escape .
In Caroline Knapp ’s remarkably honest book Pack of Two , she writes about her dog as a salve to her damage , more satisfactory than any person in giving her the kind of unqualified love she craves .
She ’s open about her inner wounds — she ’d written a previous , moving memoir about her alcoholism — and her dog , besides being a dog , is a tool for addressing such problems .
There ’s a kind of therapeutic solipsism at work in this type of relationship , needs met and unmet .
The dog fits perfectly into this sort of calculus because its needs are so simple — and of course , it does n’t know you ’re a narcissist .
Ultimately , Knapp breaks up with a boyfriend about whom she ’d always been ambivalent partly over issues surrounding her dog , which of course she is permitted to do , and she ’s a lovely writer , and no doubt the boy had many , many drawbacks , but … really ?
Are those really the right human priorities ?
It can be hard to remember , when the dog is in the house , staring at you with those eyes , that the dog is the dog .
The phenomenon has lately reached a critical mass , partly because of cultural changes and partly because — surprise — it makes people money .
Nowadays , there ’s a vast industry , trainers and books and TV shows , devoted to addressing this interspecial neurotic interchange .
There ’s a great deal of dispute , however , about what the dog is .
A trainer like Cesar Millan , the self - mythologized Dog Whisperer , has created an elaborate fantasy of the dog as pack animal , a creature that wants to know who ’s boss .
His message is that the owner ought to act like the alpha dog of his imaginings :
Be the pack leader .
Though Millan is clearly a gifted communicator , in many mediums , ethologists like Patricia McConnell find this a simplistic view , and the dog is a very long way from the wolf pack .
And there ’s an even bigger industry trying to confuse the issue , because a dog that ’s partly a person gets a better — and more expensive — brand of dog food than one that is n’t .
In New York , there are dog bakeries , and haberdashers , and luxury kennels , everything that the marketing mind can dream up , a vast and ever - growing junkyard full of kitsch , with names ( “ paw- tisserie , ” etc. ) that are more annoying than the products themselves , if that ’s even possible .
Again , there ’s nothing wrong with buying your dog all this stuff — it ’s nothing more dire than a game of dress - up — though it ’s probably prudent to ask whom you ’re buying it for .
Your dog does n’t care if it ’s wearing a funny hat , or traveling in a sequined dog purse — no one loses anything but their dignity .
Treating your dog as a person is nothing more or less than an aesthetic error — one that is becoming ever more common .
Dressed up , doted on as much as any infant , the dog has never had it so good .
And the personhood of the dog — this chemical confusion in the brain — is a large part of what is driving the politics of dog .
Stella is what is known now as a rescue dog — definitely the most fashionable breed in downtown Manhattan nowadays .
She may well have been on death row in some fetid cage in Tennessee .
But our moral heroism is not of the highest order , by a long shot .
She ’s not a middle - aged pit bull with a mean streak , or a retired greyhound , or a dog whose elderly owner had died , or any of the hard - luck stories that become SPCA statistics if not for the intervention of some saintly person .
She was a beautiful 12 - week - old puppy at the North Shore Animal League America , the largest no -kill animal shelter in the world and one of the only places around where you can reliably find a puppy that ’s not a pit bull .
In fact , our decision was hastened because another family was eyeing her .
She ’s a rescue dog that anyone — except maybe one of those anal compulsives — would have rescued .
Photo : Jill Greenberg
Dogs used to be a part of the farmyard ethic .
The lucky ones got to grow up , and got all the love , and the others were dispatched with as little sense of tragedy as possible , though the suppression of empathy is n’t easy work .
Seamus Heaney ’s bitter coming - of - age poem , “ The Early Purges , ” gets at this sense : “ And now , when shrill pups are prodded to drown / I just shrug , ‘ Bloody pups ’ .
It makes sense : / ‘ Prevention of cruelty ’ talk cuts ice in town /
Where they consider death unnatural / But on well - run farms pests have to be kept down . ”
But we , or most of us , are a long way from the farm these days .
What , though , should a dog ’s rights be ?
Not to suffer is the basic one on which pretty much everyone is in agreement , and where dogs are concerned , the last four decades are mostly a story of enormous progress .
Canine suffering has been criminalized across the board .
The vivisection cases that gave PETA its powerful boost a couple of decades ago are rarer now , partly because dogs are less desirable as research subjects .
In many labs , they ’ve been replaced with a breed of South American pig that is as docile and controllable as a dog , and shares more , anatomically — skin , heart valves , etc. — with people .
A much better arrangement , except for the pig .
As often happens , the success in moving toward some of the movement ’s most basic goals has only increased the doctrinal conflict among various groups .
They ’re empathy enemies , at each other ’s throats like so many packs of wolves .
The rescue people do n’t agree with the animal - welfare people , and both ca n’t stand the animal - rights people , as traditional dog regimes like the American Kennel Club try to hold on to their privileged positions .
It ’s a struggle for the Future of Dog — a little like Russia in 1917 , with weakened conservatives and radicals of many stripes , all trying desperately to invent a future .
The hospital takes your credit card in advance , possibly because , after a dog ’s death , questions of its worth arise :
What was it ?
Why did I love it so much ?
Famously , the touchstone of the animal - rights movement is Peter Singer ’s 1975 book Animal Liberation .
The book ’s title seems evocative of some future peaceable kingdom , as if suddenly all the cattle and sheep and pigs and rats are going to be set free from their jails , wandering the streets like cows in India , grazing happily where they please , forever free from harm .
On reflection , this does n’t seem likely .
But if the animals are liberated , where will they go ?
Well , the strongest possibility seems to be that they ’ll go to the country … to that same happy farm where parents have always told children unwanted animals go .
The guiding idea of Singer ’s book , and of the animal - rights movement in general , is to lessen animal suffering — that ’s an animal ’s overriding interest , according to Singer .
And one way of lessening canine suffering is to lessen the number of dogs .
Ingrid Newkirk , PETA ’s leader , seems to dream of a world in which pets have been abolished , and she is a particularly reviled figure among many dog people .
Although PETA ’s mission statement includes language suggesting that each animal life is intrinsically valuable , the organization ’s actions describe a more nuanced picture .
PETA kills a surprising number of the animals it takes in .
In the decade beginning with 1998 , PETA euthanized 17,000 animals — 85 percent of those it rescued .
Dog -rescue people oppose PETA and its ilk bitterly .
They see numbers like this and think mass murder .
Nathan Winograd , the leading no -kill advocate , is a particularly fierce critic of Newkirk’s .
His aim is to reform the shelter system , and he points to successes in San Francisco ; Tompkins County , New York ; and Nevada as evidence that it ’s possible to increase adoption rates , to find a home for every healthy pet .
At bottom , he ’s accusing Newkirk of the same kind of fecklessness and waste and lack of responsibility that she sees in , say , factory farming .
He ’s also , essentially , an optimist , believing that people are capable of being responsible for their animals .
Regarding human nature , Newkirk is a pessimist .
In her view , we ’ve botched this whole dominion thing , creating an Island of Dr. Moreau of animal horrors .
So the best thing to do is to end our agency over animals , to disengage , build a wall around nature and stay on our side .
The dog , in particular , is polluted by human influence .
The animal - rights movement can seem as much about keeping humans free of guilt as keeping animals free of suffering , which is another kind of solipsism .
( The rules are different on the philosophic frontier : For Singer , and for Newkirk , bestiality is not , in all circumstances , prohibited .
“ If it is n’t exploitation and abuse , it may not be wrong , ” she has said . )
But Newkirk is certainly correct that pets complicate the animal - rights picture .
If you want to disentangle humans from their carnivorous legacy , the dog ’s leash is going to get caught in the knot .
The dog world is as red in tooth and claw as ever — but the red is mostly in the same industrial slaughterhouses where we get our meat .
The vast dog - food industry is based on “ meat by - products , ” that alarming euphemism .
Of course , Winograd and a growing number of no -kill people have found a way to square this circle : vegan dogs .
In the animal - rescue world , each individual animal is sacred , each dog deserves its sunny day , and euthanasia , while perhaps safe and legal , should be extremely rare .
These people are believers in the Universal Rights of Dog , extrapolated from the near - human status of their own pets .
In another way , the animal - rescue movement is an offshoot of the civil - rights struggles of the sixties , a final frontier for universalist ideals .
Animal rescue is also one of the opportunities of ordinary Americans for real heroism — and more and more , they ’ve taken it .
The dog ’s innocence amplifies empathy , because there ’s no ethical static , no human otherness to contend with .
It ’s less complicated to love a pet than a person .
The risk and conflict and cloak - and - dagger swagger that some of these missions entail can give lives a life - in - wartime meaning they otherwise would n’t have .
There ’s selflessness here , but just as in wartime , there ’s also addiction , the oxytocin mixing with adrenaline .
Some of the most vivid images in the aftermath of Katrina were of dogs — on roofs , in the water — awaiting rescue or struggling to survive .
After the catastrophe , Barack Obama spoke of an “ empathy deficit , ” but there was no deficit when it came to the animals .
An army of animal rescuers descended on the city , and their work is legend in the animal - rescue community .
But among some locals , their intervention was further proof , if more was needed , that not enough value had been placed on human residents .
The rescuers have done their work remarkably well .
Twenty - five years ago , some 12 million dogs and cats were euthanized , according to the ASPCA .
Now the figure is between 3 and 4 million , about half of them dogs .
Partly thanks to public education about rescuing dogs , a much lower percentage of dogs taken into the shelter system are eventually euthanized .
And both because of the effectiveness of spay - neuter programs and the fact that dogs seldom are permitted to run loose , there are many fewer adoptable dogs .
In many places on the East Coast , the demand for rescue dogs exceeds the supply — which means that , one way or another , the red states are supplying more and more of our dogs .
A flood of dog refugees like Stella are coming from points south and west and places like Puerto Rico , where there are more - traditional dog cultures .
What the blue states are exporting to the red states is , often , ideology .
It ’s the same town - country conflict Seamus Heaney wrote about , on a gigantic scale .
Newkirk , along with Wayne Pacelle of the Humane Society of the United States , advocates strict , mandatory spay - neuter laws across the country , along with much stricter regulation of breeding .
Pacelle is the silky pony of the animal - rights world , a Yale graduate who looks tremendous in a suit .
The Humane Society of the United States is blessed with a great name , and partly because of its well - publicized raids on puppy mills , it has a massive fund - raising footprint and $ 125 million to spend , which can buy a good number of small - state lobbyists ( the HSUS too has been trying to get its share of the Helmsley fortune ) .
But Pacelle drives many dog people nuts because they see him as an enemy of traditional dog cultures , possibly an animal - rights ally of PETA masquerading as a friend of the dog : a wolf in sheep ’s clothing .
“ The biggest problem with HSUS , ” says Janeen McMurtrie , a Minnesota dog trainer who has a widely read blog called Smartdog ’s Weblog , “ is that they hide their goals so well .
I have clients who are avid dove hunters and they ’ve given them money . ”
Here , too , there is a sense that the ground is shifting , that the World of Dog may be on the verge of irrevocable change .
The spay - neuter laws that Pacelle and Newkirk advocate , while no doubt reducing the numbers of dogs that have to be put down every year , have the potential to change the dog itself .
“ The thing about mandatory spay - neuter , ” says James Serpell , “ is that those who are most willing to have their dogs spayed or neutered tend to be responsible people .
And often , their dogs also happen to be nice animals in temperament .
So what you ’re doing essentially is taking those dogs out of the breeding population . ”
McMurtrie echoes Serpell ’s concern .
“ It ’s has n’t gotten widespread enough yet , ” she says .
“ But if it did , it could be catastrophic . ”
The ancien régime is also having its troubles .
On an October weekend , the American Kennel Club held a “ Meet the Breeds ” event at the Javits Center .
There were some 160 breeds represented , along with booths for every conceivable dog accessory and dietary regimen : organic behavior aids , chewable dog toothpaste .
The idea is to connect breeds with their ancestral homelands .
Behind the Cavalier King Charles spaniels is an oversize photograph of a castle surrounded by woods .
The borzois lounge on pillows in a tented area , long and elegant but probably not the brightest bulbs , like the czars who bred them .
A man in a tartan kilt holding a shepherd ’s crook stands with a small pack of Shetland sheepdogs , alert , confident creatures , like little collies .
The dogs do n’t herd sheep so much anymore , the man tells me , though sometimes they ’re used to herd geese on golf courses .
At the Javits Center , the canine past is a fantasy of upper - class country life , akin in some ways to the nostalgic penumbra that exists around my own dog .
The antic shapes of many of these dogs correspond to some specific Victorian - era task .
Ratters , herders , wolfhounds , guard dogs — a Swiss Army knife of countryside work .
But the dogs do n’t do the work they supposedly did in the past .
They ’ve drifted , following the vagaries of fashion rather than usefulness .
The AKC ’s breed rules are strictly visual — an aristocratic ethic , as if what was outside corresponded to what was inside .
There are an abundance of pure - breed horror stories .
Bulldogs have terrible breathing problems ( I heard one make the characteristic throat - clearing grunt as he was being led around the hall ) , and most have to be born by Caesarean .
Several breeds — the German shepherd , for instance — are prone to crippling hip dysplasia , partly the result of a stylistic preference for a lowriding profile .
Breeders say few AKC shepherds are suitable for police work .
The Cane Corso has a head as big and square as a good - size TV .
The dignity of a dog beneath its madcap form is the elemental canine joke , seemingly an unspoken dog- breeding tenet .
Once the unshakable empire of the dog world , the AKC has been shrinking over the past couple of decades , partly because of competing registrations and partly because this Victorian fantasy — these working dogs that have n’t worked in decades — seems increasingly distant from the modern world .
There are still dogs in the world that work , and their owners are the ones who have the most contempt for the AKC ’s dog dreamworld .
Working - dog people tend to describe their own dogs in terms of sometimes heroic anecdotes , supernatural feats of tracking , an intuitive comprehension of human aims .
I talked to a sheep farmer at the farmer ’s market who described an incident where one of her Border Collies listened to a conversation she was having with one of her employees on a walkie - talkie , discerned instantly where the flock had escaped , and ran half a mile to cut them off .
But in the city , where can all those remarkable energies go ?
Here the dog is a bumpkin , pursuing its questionable aims ( chicken bones , butt - sniffing ) with earnest zeal .
Who is Marley , of Marley & Me , but Jethro from The Beverly Hillbillies , cheerfully blundering through life , not realizing his country ways do n’t make sense .
But outdoors , it ’s a different matter .
Off the leash , finding the high ground to survey the landscape , paw cocked , or blasting through deep snow in a way people ( or too many dogs , for that matter ) ca n’t manage , Stella is profound .
Working - dog people also look with contempt on the pampered lives of city dogs .
There ’s no suffering , sure — but what else is there ?
No sheep to herd or birds to hunt or sleds to pull .
Nothing to manifest the excellence of their character .
In an ethic based on avoidance of suffering , nobility ( which used to be a rather important concept in the dog world ) is n’t possible .
On the other hand , these people can seem like Civil War reenactors , clinging to a relationship to nature that makes less and less sense .
The dog wants to take us back — but for the most part , there ’s not a way to get there .
In a footnote to one of his poems about the deaths of his dogs , John Updike wrote , “ Sometimes it seems the whole purpose of pets is to bring death into the house , ” a sensationally cruel observation because there ’s truth in it .
The dog ’s mortality is never far from an owner ’s mind — it ’s the central flaw in this best - friend business .
No one is ready for their dog to go .
And the dog does n’t know where it ’s going — the dog joke turned into a tragedy .
At the Animal Medical Center , on East 62nd Street at the river , these issues often come to a head .
Susan Phillips
Cohen , the director of counseling at the center , helps people make sense of this bad bargain .
A small , cheerful , white - haired woman ( she ’s a cat person , actually ) , Cohen goes person to person in the hospital ’s waiting room , gauging the emotional distress of the pet owners who come in .
“ We do n’t consider old age a disease here , ” she says .
“ We wanted to be the place that did n’t say , ‘ It ’s a 10 - year - old dog , there ’s nothing we can do . ’ ”
The Animal Medical Center is right on hospital row by design .
“ They wanted it to be on equal footing , ” says Robert Liberman , the chairman of the board , whom I ran into in the lobby .
He tells me about studies undertaken in collaboration with Sloan - Kettering .
On a plaque in the lobby , there ’s an A - list of donors — Fanjuls , Kissingers — but pride of place goes to the Vincent Astor Foundation .
( The neglect of Mrs. Astor ’s own dogs in her senility was one of the drivers of the case that led to the conviction of her son for taking advantage of her condition .
Though one ca n’t help but wonder whether , if some of the love the dogs received had been diverted to Tony , things would n’t have gotten quite so out of hand . )
Liberman has so far failed to extract any of the vast Helmsley bequest .
“ It has not been easy , ” he says .
Upstairs , in the rehabilitation center , there ’s a working animal , a yellow Lab , being treated by two young technicians .
The dog , maybe 9 , has nerve damage from an infection in her back .
One of the women has a pair of electrodes pressed to the dog ’s haunch , stimulating the muscles .
The other is massaging its chest — “ Reiki , ” she says .
They ’re all lying on a heap on a mat , and the dog seems as happy as a dog can be .
Across the room , a black Lab named Radar with a mysterious muscle condition has just finished a workout on a treadmill in a water tank .
Outside , their owners wait on a bench .
“ It really is family , ” says Cohen .
“ It ’s not exactly that they think they ’re human , but the choices they ’re going to make , the protection they ’re going to give , the nurturing they feel they owe , is the same as for a family member . ”
What Cohen tries to do is clarify the issues in people ’s minds , which is not easy , given the confused place of the dog in many urban people ’s lives .
It brings up all their stuff .
“ They realize at this moment how many of their eggs they ’ve put in this basket , ” she says .
“ How did I get here ?
Why did n’t I have children ?
I hate my job .
Because you had someone to come home to who appreciated you just the way you are . ”
The hospital ’s position is “ to be as accurate and honest as we can be about what we can do , ” she says .
The impossible calculus of dog years and human dollars is left up to you — and the possibility is always there that you could max out your credit cards over a weekend and still walk home with a bag of ashes .
A friend recently took a 10 - year - old dog with bleeding in its intestines to the NYC Veterinary Specialists , an animal hospital on 55th Street .
The doctors told him that removing the tumor they ’d discovered would give the dog a 90 percent chance of survival .
And thus they were trapped in a cascade of escalating medical decisions — five days and several procedures later , the dog was euthanized .
The bill was over $ 14,000 .
They ’re heartsick over the loss of the dog , of course , and the money too — and furious at the hospital .
But at what point , once you start , can you turn back with your dog ?
One lesson : A hospital that makes money on procedures may not be the best one to tell you when it ’s time to pull the plug .
The Animal Medical Center , too , takes your credit - card number in advance , possibly because , in the aftermath of a dog ’s death , questions of its worth arise :
What was it ?
Why did I love it so much ?
All our stuff , indeed .
On our way downstairs , we passed a room where I ’d had a previous dog euthanized .
It ’s actually , if such a thing exists , a fabulous place to have a dog put down , at least for the human — the dog , no doubt , would rather stay at home .
There ’s a view out over the dark swirling waters of the East River and , on the other side , a sward of green , dog paradise .
Scout was a West Highland terrier , Angela ’s dog when we met , an exuberant , somewhat cantankerous creature , beloved companion of our New York youth , unwitting enabler of our prolonged adolescence .
He was 14 and tired when we had to bring him there , after a tumor and a torn ligament and a winter of rather expensive medical wrestling with a stubborn breathing problem , all this along with taking care of our young son , who ’d displaced him in his princely status , poor thing .
I put a rubberized smock over my lap — one is never quite free of a dog ’s elimination needs — and told him about his happy afterlife on that lawn across the water , which I did n’t believe a word of and he at any rate could n’t understand — that same human gurgling he ’d heard his whole life .
The vet gave him an injection to put him to sleep , another to stop his heart .
And that was Scout , whoever he was .
Before we took him in , a vet asked , with wide caring eyes , “ Is there anything else you want to do ? ”
We did , of course — the hospital ’s high - tech armamentarium , its MRIs and minimally invasive techniques , a hospital they ’d be happy to have in Darfur — but we did n’t .
How much is your dog worth to you ?
It ’s a hard question to answer .
Right , Stella ?
We have failed to even investigate torturers , yet we have prosecuted and imprisoned millions for lesser offenses .
And we allow mass murderers the benefit of constitutional rights that we deny detainees at Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere .
Until policymakers examine and fix these double standards , they will continue to undermine our foreign policy , as well as our domestic criminal justice system .
We now know that the Bush administration ’s torture policies proved horrendously counterproductive , in more ways than one : they eroded our allies ’ trust , undermined the ability of our non-state supporters to credibly defend our goodwill , generated bad intelligence in the form of forced – and predictably false – confessions , and undermined the morale of the professional interrogators who resisted their illegal ( and idiotic ) orders .
Worse yet , torture drove recruits into the arms of our enemies .
According to veteran interrogators from multiple armed services , as well as the FBI , the number one reason militants flocked to Iraq was US torture of detainees at Guantanamo Bay , Abu Ghraib , Bagram Air Force Base , CIA black sites and the various foreign countries to which we continue to outsource torture through the extraordinary rendition program .
It was galling enough when , last year , all three branches of the federal government colluded to sweep evidence of torture under the rug .
Confronted by thousands of abusive acts depicted in photos – some as severe as outright rape – Washington united to protect its own .
Acting at the behest of the CIA ’s discredited leadership , the administration lobbied Congress to amend a federal statute to grant the Defense Department an extraordinary authority to hide specific evidence of its own criminal trail , and the Supreme Court signed off on the deal .
Now , the double standard has come full circle … twice .
The first has plagued the Obama administration throughout its first year in office , and undermined the legitimacy of both its foreign policy and our criminal justice system .
On the one hand , people whose criminality stands hidden in plain sight – the former officials who unapologetically authorized torture , such as Dick Cheney , David Addington , Jay Bybee and John Yoo – remain free of even investigation , let alone prosecution .
On the other hand , people of color face relentless prosecution and vicious penalties for nonviolent offenses like drug possession , gambling or even moving traffic violations .
The second double standard is more recent , equally troubling and potentially more problematic going forward .
On the one hand , charges facing mercenaries apparently guilty of senselessly murdering nearly 20 Iraqis ( in a bloody incident that touched off one of the most violent episodes of our six - year occupation ) were dismissed by a federal district court on Thursday because the prosecution relied on statements given under promises of immunity , and thereby violated the Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination .
On the other hand , the kangaroo courts at Guantanamo Bay we call “ military commissions ” do n’t even pretend to honor such rights or others that are far more fundamental .
Mercenaries who commit mass murder with profound international consequences were afforded robust constitutional protections barring the use of statements made under promises of immunity .
Meanwhile , detainees held by the US – who have included humanitarian workers and tourists swept up with “ the worst of the worst ” in the race to find scapegoats – held no right to exclude statements coerced by outright torture until last fall .
Nor have they ( for the most part ) enjoyed the opportunity to assert any rights in impartial courts .
Rather than federal courts defending the rights of the accused against potentially arbitrary imprisonment , detainees plead their cases before biased military commissions seeking pre-ordained outcomes .
Rather than excluding “ compelled statements ” like those of the exonerated Blackwater contractors , the military commissions operating in Guantanamo Bay ( and those proposed by some policy analysts as a model for an even broader scheme to operate within the US after the facility in Cuba has closed ) invite unreliable evidence routinely rejected by federal courts .
The US military commander in Iraq attempted to explain Thursday ’s decision with the lame and inaccurate assertion that it offered “ a lesson in the rule of law . ”
What the dismissal of the Blackwater contractors ’ charges actually demonstrates is quite the opposite : law requires consistency , whereas our approach to accountability for war crimes smacks of opportunism .
The imperatives to defend our nation ’s historical legacy , or the universal moral principles condemning torture , or the international legal system and its bedrock prohibition on torture have apparently proven too quiet for the deaf ear of Washington institutions .
No one seems to care that although torture is an international crime , officials complicit in it remain highly rewarded and occupy prestigious positions in government and the private sector .
But these double standards carry a price , well beyond the reputation and moral standing our nation has already lost .
We wage , in the war on terror , a battle for hearts and minds .
And there is no surer way to lose that battle than to violate the rights of detainees , while vindicating those of mercenaries – or to prosecute politically powerless people for innocuous behavior , while praising officials who violate our species ’ most fundamental shared commitments .
Such blatant inconsistency is lost neither on our enemies nor the billions of individuals targeted by their recruitment efforts .
Officials increasingly wring their heads over a supposed threat of domestic radicalization .
It is ephemeral in the first instance , but the concern points to a generally legitimate fear : people of any kind who grow alienated could eventually turn violent .
Some Muslims in America may indeed be growing increasingly alienated – which may seem understandable in the face of policies like “ special registration ” round - ups , guilt by association , pervasive surveillance , infiltration of religious institutions and entrapment by ex-convicts paid handsomely by taxpayers , intrusive interrogations and searches , private sector employment and housing discrimination , hate crimes , bullying and racial and religious profiling by law enforcement authorities .
But as a group , we have not renounced the social compact by taking up arms , to any greater extent than former servicemembers could be said to have been categorically radicalized by virtue of some supporting right - wing militia groups like the Aryan Nation .
But while Muslim Americans remain loyal to the US , people in other countries have no compact with us to renounce .
And they have no reason to accept our military presence except the principles we purport to uphold … at the same time that we overtly violate them without apology .
The strategy that could most effectively hamstring violent extremism abroad is the same one that would most effectively stop disaffected youth in America from turning to violence : applying our principles equally and with consistency .
Honestly investigating our nation ’s record and prosecuting those individuals responsible for international crimes would go a long way to reassure observers that we take justice seriously .
And allowing the rights and laws in which we have long taken pride to also govern the trials of those we militarily detain would relieve concerns about US human rights abuses , among international critics and also domestic observers targeted by militant propagandists .
At the moment , we continue to fail on each front .
Despite the president ’s pretty words in Cairo last fall , we Americans committed to rule of law and the Constitution remain waiting for that “ change [ we ] can believe in . ”
And it ’s not just us : the world – and the people over whose hearts and minds we struggle – are watching , too .
Russian figure skater Evgeni Plushenko should n't feel too bad about losing to Evan Lysacek -- after all , he supposedly won the first platinum medal ever awarded at the Olympic Games .
Well , that 's according to Plushenko's website , which displays a mocked - up platinum medal next to the gold he won in Torino in 2006 .
Maybe it's a translation error , but something tells me Plushenko is still a bit upset over not winning gold last week .
I have to give props to Plushenko's webmaster for some fine creative bitterness , but Plushenko really needs to let this go .
The world knows Plushenko is upset , but there 's no reason for him to act like a real - life Chazz Michael Michaels .
Controversial results are a part of figure skating , and he needs to stop tarnishing his reputation by acting like a spoiled sport .
[ UPDATED , Wednesday , 5:53 a.m. : Pluschenko's website has pulled down the " platinum medal . " ]
-- Austin Knoblauch
Photo : Screenshot taken from Plushenko's website .
Even as the financial industry has sought to keep a low public profile , some of the country ’s largest banks have ramped up their spending on lobbying to fight off some of the stiffest regulatory proposals pending in Congress .
Lobbying expenditures jumped 12 % from 2008 to $ 29.8 million last year among the eight banks and private equity firms that spent the most to influence legislation , according to data compiled from disclosure forms filed with Congress .
The biggest spender was JPMorgan Chase & Co. , whose lobbying budget rose 12 % to $ 6.2 million , enough for the firm to have more than 30 lobbyists working for it .
Among other banks , spending on lobbying rose 27 % at Wells Fargo & Co. and 16 % at Morgan Stanley .
“ I have never seen such a scrum of bank lobbyists as I have in the last year -- and I ’ve worked on quite a few bank issues over the years , ” said Ed Mierzwinski , a lobbyist for the U.S. Public Interest Research Group , a coalition of state consumer organizations .
“ It seems like everybody is out of work except for bank lobbyists . ”
Much of the increase in spending on lobbying in 2009 came in the final three months of the year as Congress voted on financial reform bills .
Many Washington observers say industry lobbying has been even more intense this year , as President Obama has proposed a new tax on big banks , caps on their size , and curbs on their investment in often lucrative but risky hedge funds and private equity funds .
“ This is a watershed moment , ” said Scott Talbott , a lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable , which represents about 100 of the largest financial firms .
“ The industry will be changed forever after this year . ”
Bank lobbyists , however , are trying to limit just how much the industry has to change .
They are fighting some provisions in the Obama administration ’s broad industry - overhaul proposal , especially a plan to create a consumer protection agency to oversee financial services .
The House passed its version of the legislation in December .
But its prospects are uncertain in the Senate , where talks between Republicans and Democrats on a compromise version recently broke down .
At a hearing this month , Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher J. Dodd ( D - Conn . ) , who has had a generally warm relationship with the financial community , lashed out at the “ refusal of large firms to work constructively with Congress . ”
“ Too many people in the industry have decided to invest in an army of lobbyists , whose only mission is to kill the common - sense financial reforms that we are working so hard up here to try to achieve , ” Dodd said .
Lobbying by insurers and banks , including Morgan Stanley , may kill a provision in the overhaul bill that would make retail brokers more accountable to their clients , Bloomberg News reported last week .
The intensified efforts on Capitol Hill have come as banks , facing unrelenting anger over the financial crisis and government bailouts , have avoided publicly resisting a push to reform the industry .
Many of the firms even reduced campaign contributions by their political action committees last year .
And three big banks that have faced especially heavy public criticism -- Citigroup Inc. , Bank of America Corp. and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. -- cut back or held steady on lobbying last year .
But the increased spending by other firms -- as well as by industry groups -- suggests financial firms are making their voices heard more than ever .
“ Despite the decline in credibility with the public , the banks appear to have increasing power ” on Capitol Hill , said Travis Plunkett , a lobbyist with the Consumer Federation of America .
The banks generally declined to comment on their lobbying .
Wells Fargo said its 27 % increase was justified because the bank nearly doubled in size by acquiring struggling Wachovia at the height of the financial crisis .
The banks have emphatically proclaimed a desire to see reform of the sort being discussed by legislators .
At a Senate hearing this month , JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs executives said they wanted to see the government help make the financial industry more stable .
“ I fully and enthusiastically agree that we have to put ‘ too big to fail ’ behind us , ” said Gerald Corrigan , a senior executive at Goldman Sachs .
But outside of public view , bank executives have expressed concerns about the steps that Congress and the Obama administration have been looking at .
In a survey late last year by the Center for the Study of Financial Innovations , an industry - sponsored think tank , bankers said the biggest risk to the financial system was “ political interference , ” with “ too much regulation ” coming in third .
In the last such survey , in May 2008 , liquidity was named as the top risk , “ too much regulation ” was No. 8 and “ political interference ” was not in the top 30 .
Corrigan of Goldman Sachs criticized the specific steps that were recently proposed by Obama and former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker .
“ It ’s not at all clear to me , at least at this stage , that the focus is on the issues that were really at the heart of the crisis itself , ” he said at the Senate Banking Committee hearing .
Consumer advocates say it is the banks ’ opposition -- not their desire for reform -- that has carried the day .
“ They are glossing over the fact that they are opposing the most far - reaching reforms that would actually require them to sacrifice some control , ” said Plunkett of the Consumer Federation of America .
Lobbying is n’t the only way financial firms make their views known .
Political giving by employees and PACs is another way .
There is also the more personal approach .
Top executives from at least eight financial firms journeyed to Washington this month to meet with senators .
The executives included Bank of America Chief Executive Brian Moynihan , JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and the leaders of US Bank and Bank of New York Mellon .
“ There ’s lots of CEO interest in coming to Washington , ” said Talbott of the Financial Services Roundtable .
nathaniel .
popper
@latimes.com
Probably few of the millions slumping in front of the flat - screen this week , skipping the gym to watch their bodily betters perform hair - raising feats of athletic prowess in the Vancouver slush , are aware that in the first half of the 20th century , the modern Olympics also included arts competitions .
The dream of uniting sport and art , as they were once paired in the original Greek Olympiads , was in fact central to the mission of Baron Pierre de Coubertin , the godfather of the Games .
The goal was “ to reunite in the bonds of legitimate wedlock a long - divorced couple — Muscle and Mind , ” the baron loftily announced to an organizing committee in an early attempt to get the idea off the ground .
But while the first athletic competitions got under way in Athens in 1896 , it was not until the Stockholm Games in 1912 that medals would be given for architecture , sculpture , painting , music and literature .
Even then , the baron ’s battle to keep the marriage intact encountered some tough sledding .
The Swedish organizers of the Games were none too keen on the idea , arguing that judging art was a far slippier proposition than figuring out who threw the discus farthest .
Still , the baron had his way .
The arts Games were on , and continued until 1948 .
The animating idea was to award the prizes to work directly inspired by sport — a limitation that may have helped lead to their eventual demise .
How many statues of muscle - bound athletes , how many paeans to the glory of manly competition , can the world really be expected to celebrate ?
( Although the culture competitions ended , festivals of arts associated with the Olympics have continued , with little more fanfare .
Would anyone have taken note of this year ’s if the Canadian poet laureate had n’t skipped out , taking with him his lyric about the absence of female ski-jumping in the Games ? )
In his appositely titled book “ The Forgotten Olympic Art Competitions , ” Richard Stanton relates the details of this obscure byway of cultural history in enthusiastic prose .
Who knew that Walter Winans , a Russian - born aristocrat who maintained United States citizenship despite living mostly abroad , was the only Olympian to win medals in both sporting and cultural competition in the same Olympiad ?
In the 1912 games he took home the silver for the United States in “ Team Running Deer — Single Shot ” ( since eliminated , we believe ) and the gold medal for sculpture for “ An American Trotter . ”
I find it difficult to believe , but the reports keep pouring in via Twitter and email : many candidates who show up for programming job interviews can't program .
At all .
Consider this recent email from Mike Lin :
The article Why Can't Programmers ...
Program ?
changed the way I did interviews .
I used to lead off by building rapport .
That proved to be too time - consuming when , as you mentioned , the vast majority of candidates were simply non-technical .
So I started leading off with technical questions .
First progressing from easy to hard questions .
Then I noticed I identified the rejects faster if I went the other way – hard questions first – so long as the hard questions were still in the " if you do n't know this then you can't work here " category .
Most of my interviews still took about twenty minutes , because tough questions take some time to answer and evaluate .
But it was a big improvement over the rapport - building method ; and it could be done over the phone .
After reading your article , I started doing code interviews over the phone , using web meetings .
My interview times were down to about 15 minutes each to identify people who just can't code — the vast majority .
I wrote that article in 2007 , and I am stunned , but not entirely surprised , to hear that three years later " the vast majority " of so - called programmers who apply for a programming job interview are unable to write the smallest of programs .
To be clear , hard is a relative term -- we 're not talking about complicated , Google - style graduate computer science interview problems .
This is extremely simple stuff we 're asking candidates to do .
And they can't .
It 's the equivalent of attempting to hire a truck driver and finding out that 90 percent of the job applicants can't find the gas pedal or the gear shift .
I agree , it 's insane .
But it happens every day , and is ( apparently ) an epidemic hiring problem in our industry .
You have to get to the simple technical interview questions immediately to screen out the legions of non-programming programmers .
Screening over the telephone is a wise choice , as I 've noted before .
But screening over the internet is even better , and arguably more natural for code .
I still was n't super - happy with having to start up the web meeting and making these guys share their desktops with me .
I searched for other suitable tools for doing short " pen-and - paper " style coding interviews over the web , but I could n't find any .
So I did what any self - respecting programmer would do .
I wrote one .
Man , was it worth it !
I schedule my initial technical screenings with job applicants in 15 - minute blocks .
I 'm usually done in 5 - 10 minutes , sadly .
I schedule an actual interview with them if they can at least write simple a 10 - line program .
That does n't happen often , but at least I do n't have to waste a whole lot of time anymore .
Mike adds a disclaimer that his homegrown coding interview tool is n't meant to show off his coding prowess .
He needed a tool , so he wrote one -- and thoughtfully shared it with us .
There might well be others out there ; what online tools do you use to screen programmers ?
Three years later , I 'm still wondering : why do people who can't write a simple program even entertain the idea they can get jobs as working programmers ?
Clearly , some of them must be succeeding .
Which means our industry - wide interviewing standards for programmers are woefully inadequate , and that 's a disgrace .
It 's degrading to every working programmer .
At least bad programmers can be educated ; non-programming programmers are not only hopeless but also cheapen the careers of everyone around them .
They must be eradicated , starting with simple technical programming tests that should be a part of every programmer interview .
White Zimbabweans used to tell a joke ” what is the difference between a tourist and a racist ?
The answer ” about a week .
Few seem to joke any more .
Indeed , the last time anyone laughed out there was over the memorable headline “  BANANA CHARGED WITH SODOMY ”  ( relating to the Reverend Canaan Banana and his alleged proclivities ) .
Zimbabwe was just the latest African state to squander its potential , to swap civil society for civil strife and pile high its corpses .
Then the wrecking virus moves on and a fresh spasm of violence erupts elsewhere .
Congo , Ivory Coast , Sudan , Rwanda , Sierra Leone , even Kenya .
Take your pick , for it is the essence of Africa , the recurring A - Z of horror .
And as surely as Nelson Mandela took those steps from captivity to freedom , his own country will doubtless shuffle into chaos and ruin .
Mark my words .
One day it will be the turn of South Africa to revert to type , its farms that lie wasted and its towns that are battle zones , its dreams and expectations that lie rotting on the veldt .
That is the way of things .
Africa rarely surprises , it simply continues to appal .
When interviewed on BBC Radio , the legendary South African jazz musician Hugh Masekela spoke of the 350 - year struggle for freedom by blacks in South Africa .
The man might play his trumpet like a dream , but he talks arrant nonsense .
What he has bought into is a false narrative that rewrites history and plays upon post - colonial liberal angst .
The construct is as follows : white , inglorious and bad ; black , noble and good ; empire , bad ; independence , good ; the west , bad ; the African , good .
Forgotten in all this is that while Europeans were settling and spreading from the Cape , the psychopathic Shaka Zulu was employing his impi to crush everyone ” including the Xhosa ” in his path , and the Xhosa were themselves busy slaughtering Bushmen and Hottentots .
Yet it is the whites who take the rap , for it was they who won the skirmishes along the Fish and Blood Rivers and who eventually gained the prize .
What suffers is the truth , and ” of course ” Africa .
We are so cowed by the moist - eyed mantras of the left and the oath - laden platitudes of Bono and Geldof , we are forced to accept collective responsibility for the bloody mess that is now Africa .
It paralyses us while excusing the black continent and its rulers .
Whenever I hear people agitate for the freezing of Third World debt , I want to shout aloud for the freezing of those myriad overseas bank accounts held by black African leaders ( President Mobutu of Zaire alone is believed to have squirreled away well over $ 10 billion ) .
Whenever apartheid is held up as a blueprint for evil , I want to mention Bokassa snacking on human remains , Amin clogging a hydro- electric dam with floating corpses , the President of Equatorial Guinea crucifying victims along the roadway from his airport .
Whenever slavery is dredged up , I want to remind everyone the Arabs were there before us , the native Ashanti and others were no slouches at the game , and it remains extant in places like the Ivory Coast .
Whenever I hear the Aids pandemic somehow blamed on western indifference , I want to point to the African native practice of dry sex , the hobby - like prevalence of rape and the clumps of despotic black leaders who deny a link between the disease and HIV and who block the provision of antiretrovirals .
And whenever Africans bleat of imperialism and colonialism , I want to campaign for the demolition of every road , college , and hospital we ever built to let them start again .
It is time they governed themselves .
Yet few play the victim card quite so expertly as black Africans ; few are quite so gullible as the white liberal - left .
“ On the eve of this millennium , Nelson Mandela and friends lit candles mapping the shape of their continent and declared the Twenty - first Century would belong to Africa .
A pity that for every one Mandela there are over a hundred Robert Mugabes . ”
So Britain had an empire and Britain did slavery .
Boo hoo .
Deal with it .
Move on .
Slavery ended here over two hundred years ago .
More recently , there were tens of millions of innocents enslaved or killed in Europe by the twin industrialised evils of Nazism and Stalinism .
My own first cousins ” twin brothers aged sixteen ” died down a Soviet salt mine .
I need no lecture on eggplants and neck - irons .
Most of us are descendents of both oppressors and oppressed ; most of us get over it .
Mind you , I am tempted by thoughts of compensation from Scandinavia for the wickedness of its Viking raids and its slaving - hub on the Liffe .
As for the 1066 invasion of England by William the Bastard …
The white man ’s burden is guilt over Africa ( the black man ’s is sentimentality ) , and we are blind for it .
We have tipped hundreds of billions of aid - dollars into Africa without first ensuring proper governance .
We encourage NGOs and food - parcels and have built a culture of dependency .
We shy away from making criticism , tiptoe around the crassness of the African Union and flinch at every anti-western jibe .
The result is a free - for - all for every syphilitic black despot and his coterie of family functionaries .
Africa casts a long and toxic shadow across our consciousness .
It is patronised and allowed to underperform , so too its distant black diaspora .
A black London pupil is excluded from his school , not because he is lazy , stupid or disruptive , but because that school is apparently racist ; a black youth is pulled over by the police , not because black males commit over eighty percent of street crime , but because the authorities are somehow corrupted by prejudice .
Thus the tale continues .
Excuse is everywhere and a sense of responsibility nowhere .
You will rarely find either a black national leader in Africa or a black community leader in the west prepared to put up his hands and say
It is our problem , our fault .
Those who look to Africa for their roots , role - models and inspiration are worshipping false gods .
And like all false gods , the feet are of clay , the snouts long and designed for the trough , and the torture - cells generally well - equipped .
I once met the son of a Liberian government minister and asked if he had seen video - footage of his former president Samuel Doe being tortured to death .
“  Of course ”  , he replied with a smile .
“  Everyone has ”  .
They cut off the ears of Doe and force - fed them to him .
His successor , the warlord Charles Taylor , was elected in a landslide result using the campaign slogan
He killed my ma , he killed my pa , but I will vote for him .
Nice people .
Liberia was founded and colonised by black Americans to demonstrate what slave stock could achieve .
They certainly showed us .
Forgive my heretical belief that had a black instead of a white tribe earlier come to dominate South Africa , its opponents would not have been banished to Robben island .
They would have been butchered and buried there .
When asked about the problem of Africa , Harold Macmillan suggested building a high wall around the continent and every century or so removing a brick to check on progress .
I suspect that over entire millennia , the view would prove bleak and unvarying .
On the eve of this millennium , Nelson Mandela and friends lit candles mapping the shape of their continent and declared the Twenty - first Century would belong to Africa .
Whatever .
Meantime , the vast natural resources have been frittered and agricultural production since independence has halved .
A pity that for every one Mandela there are over a hundred Robert Mugabes .
Visiting a state in west Africa a few years ago , I wandered onto a beach and marvelled at the golden sands and at the sunlight catching on the Atlantic surf .
It allowed me to forget for a moment the local news that day of soldiers seizing a schoolboy and pitching him head - first into an operating cement - machine .
Almost forget .
Then I spotted a group of villagers beating a stray dog to death for their sport .
A metaphor of sorts for all that is wrong , another link in a word - association chain that goes something like Famine … Drought … Overpopulation … Deforestation … Conflict … Barbarism … Cruelty … Machetes … Child Soldiers … Massacres … Diamonds … Warlords … Tyranny … Corruption … Despair … Disease… Aids… Africa .
Africa remains the heart of darkness .
Africa is hell .
The native of Montreal , Quebec is playing in his fourth year in the National Hockey League and lists future Hall - of - Famer Rob Blake as his defensive partner .
“ Pickles ” has nearly 300 NHL games under his belt after only missing one game over the past four seasons .
Not bad for a guy who ranks second on the team in average ice time per game ( 22:48 ) .
There ’s not a lot that Vlasic ca n’t do .
Well , except maybe bake .
When SJSHARKS.com caught up with Vlasic for his segment of , we asked him about playing alongside Blake , his nickname and whether or not he can cook .
Some of his answers might surprise you .
Below are Vlasic ’s answers to your best questions .
Vlasic : ( laughs )
That ’s a good one .
But if I had to pick one …just Vlas ; short for Vlasic .
Vlasic :
For a game , Patrick Marleau and I would score some goals .
And for a day , Dan Boyle and not have to practice ( laughs ) .
Vlasic :
Its been great the last two years , playing with a guy with a lot of experience who ’s won two Stanley cups .
He ’s been around a long time and in many situations and I think that ’s helped me be more relaxed out there and put all trust in my partner .
Most of the time I just learn by watching what he does .
Vlasic : I do n’t really have one … but Jason Demers .
I trained with him in the off - season so I ’d have to say him .
And Torrey Mitchell too .
I ’m roommates with him on the road .
Vlasic : 24 . Vlasic : I do , yes , but just basic things .
Like spaghetti , steaks , nothing where you have mix stuff together , just basic stuff … no baking , just steaks , pasta and vegetables .
Vlasic :
I like to play golf and I have a pool in my yard so I like to play in the pool with my dogs , and my brothers come over once in awhile and we train and play hockey .
Vlasic :
The best part is stopping the offensive game .
Well stick - wise , I have a good stick but that ’s not my favorite thing .
My favorite thing about defense is stopping the best power play .
Vlasic :
The biggest thing I think is that we have more speed .
I think we have more talent up front and I think we want it more this year .
That ’s what it looks like .
Vlasic : I do n’t think it ’s changed that much .
I think there are a lot younger players making it now so there are a lot of new faces .
I think there ’s a lot more speed .
There ’s nothing dramatic that ’s changed , I ’d just say a lot of young guys and a lot more speed .
The road goes ever on – that ’s the name of the song Frodo Baggins sings , in J. R. R. Tolkien ’s The Lord of the Rings , as he leaves the Shire with his companions to take on the Dark Lord , and I think of it as I wake on a deadline day and start thinking about my topic : which new outrage against human decency , international law , and common sense will I document today , I wonder , as I scan the headlines .
What new lies is the War Party telling , what fresh affronts to morality and our real national interests are those fools in Washington intent on committing ?
So many choices !
It ’s a veritable smorgasbord of folly !
Like the road that goes ever on , there seems no end to it – and , quite honestly , sometimes I wonder if we ’re making any progress at all .
When I see how easily the War Party ’s deceptions are conceived and executed , how quickly the mass " mainstream " media takes them up , how willing the American people are to be deceived – I have to admit that , on occasion , I fall into despair .
But not for long .
Something always comes along to pick me up , dust me off , and send me back into battle singing , and this time it was Jason Ditz ‘s article debunking the latest war propaganda aimed at Iran .
Ditz ’s deconstruction of an Associated Press piece – which claimed Iran ’s uranium enrichment program to create isotopes for use in medical treatments is a cover for developing a bomb – is here .
A more thorough demolition job has n’t been seen since the last time an Israeli tank rolled over a Palestinian hovel .
So thorough , it turned out , that AP withdrew the article and replaced it with this , by a different author .
Here is a textbook example of how to beat the War Party .
It ’s a small victory , but a significant one , for it comes at a pivotal moment , when the Obama administration is taking its first steps toward a confrontation with Iran .
In case you have n’t noticed , their position on the Iran question has hardened considerably – we ’re a long way past " engagement , " with Defense Secretary Gates rallying our allies around what the Israelis insist must be " crippling " sanctions .
Indeed , the Obamaites have lately become so imperious and openly belligerent that their policy resembles Bush ’s in all its essentials : the open threats , the sanctions campaign , all taking place amid growing evidence the US is engaged in a covert effort to effect regime - change in Tehran – including terrorist attacks launched by proxies .
As the Obama administration morphs into its predecessor in many more ways than any of his progressive supporters imagined possible , the news media – which has been in the presidential pocket from the beginning – is now fully on board with his increasingly aggressive foreign policy stance .
If they were subservient during the Bush era , it was mostly out of fear – fear of appearing " unpatriotic , " especially in the dark days right after the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
Today their subservience is due to their clear political allegiance to this administration and all its works – including its wars .
What this means is that the " mainstream " media – television , the major newspapers , the important news services such as AP and Reuters – are more unreliable than ever .
Obama ’s wars – in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iran , wherever – will be treated with kid gloves , and wo n’t be recognized as futile , tragic crusades until long after many thousands of lives and tens of billions of dollars have been expended to no good end .
In the case of Iran , we are in for a very long and drawn - out buildup of " evidence " that the Iranians are running a secret nuclear weapons program : not necessarily enough to convince the experts and the IAEA , but enough to get by in the popular imagination .
That ’s the key to understanding a lot of war propaganda , which is often barely credible – like the Niger uranium forgeries [ . pdf ] , which were such crudely transparent fakes that it took IAEA scientists using Google an hour or so to expose them as fraudulent .
By that time , however , the forgers had already accomplished their purpose , which was to shift popular opinion in a pro-war direction – which , using George W. Bush as their willing sock - puppet , they did .
In framing the Iranians for supposedly harboring " weapons of mass destruction , " the War Party ’s job is to keep up a relentless assault in the hope something will stick .
Get ready for a barrage of " leaks " by pro-war factions inside the administration , and yet more " intelligence " reports planted by one or another foreign country with an interest in fomenting war , all of it backed up and " verified " by reliably biased experts .
What makes the War Party ’s job easier , in this case , is that it ’s not hard to confuse the public with a lot of " scientific " terminology and wrangling over technical details : people eventually throw up their hands , and reason that where there ’s so much smoke there ’s bound to be fire .
The debunking of war myths has to be done carefully , and systematically : the process can take years .
There are still those who believe Saddam Hussein was behind the 9/11 terrorist attacks , a number roughly equivalent to the audience for Fox News .
War propagandists erect their war mythos in layers , first laying the foundations by positing the absolute evil and inherent aggressiveness of their chosen enemy , and then building the case for war brick by brick , a construction consisting of whatever " evidence " can be found or manufactured at the time .
This results in a somewhat unsteady , makeshift structure , but remember that longevity is not something the War Party is aiming for .
The idea is to seize on the passions and politics of the moment to push us into war .
What happens afterward is someone else ’s problem .
Deconstructing and exposing this edifice of deception is our job here at Antiwar.com , and it never stops .
That ’s why we always have at least one person " on duty , " guarding the ramparts against an assault in the dead of night .
That ’s why we need a staff , albeit a small one , to keep up with the War Party ’s numerous and well - compensated minions , who are always tirelessly ginning up another war somewhere , on some pretext , in which to ensnare us .
That ’s why we need your financial support : against the War Party ’s bottomless treasury , we spend a pittance – and still we beat them , as in the case of the warmongering AP article .
Yet we need that pittance to continue our work , and that ’s where you come in .
Your tax - deductible donation goes to support the kind of independent journalism that Jason Ditz ’s piece represents : an expertly - placed knockout blow directed at the War Party , timed to deliver maximum pain .
Because this is a real fight we ’re in , and the stakes are high .
We need many more Jason Ditzes , but can barely afford to keep this one .
Every fundraising cycle I wonder if we ’ll bring in enough to keep Jason , who has become an invaluable addition to our staff : so far , we ’ve managed to raise enough .
But this time , when the economy is turning really bad , and the focus is off foreign policy issues , I wonder , and I worry .
Today is the third day of our mid-winter fundraising cycle , and we ’re just beginning to see some results : it ’s too early to tell for sure , but it looks like it ’s going to be a difficult one .
Believe me , nonprofits – which are donation - dependent – are always the first to experience the initial shocks of whatever general economic downturn is in the works , and from where I ’m sitting , things are n’t looking too pretty .
So please , give as much as you can , as soon as you can .
At a time when we ca n’t count on the " mainstream " media to give us the real story , and the nation is involved in several conflicts – with more wars waiting in the wings – Antiwar.com is needed more than ever .
There ’s just one way to make sure independent journalism in the vital foreign policy realm does n’t become a casualty of this super - recession , and that is by making your contribution to Antiwar.com today !
American missionary Laura Silsby behind bars in Haiti
Nicole Colson reports on the accusations against missionaries who were arrested after trying to take Haitian children out of the country -- and the media 's tolerant attitude .
February 17 , 2010
" HELP US ... That 's the message I would give to Mr. Obama and the State Department .
Start helping us . "
You might think that was the plea of a Haitian citizen following the devastating earthquake in January .
But no , those words came from Carla Thompson -- one of a group of 10 U.S. missionaries arrested by Haitian authorities on January 29 , accused of trying to kidnap 33 Haitian children and take them across the border into the Dominican Republic .
At least 22 of the supposed " orphans " were found to have at least one parent still alive in Haiti .
The 10 missionaries are mostly from a Baptist church based in Idaho .
Following the earthquake , the group apparently set out with a trailer full of children 's clothes and a vow to help Haiti 's orphans " find healing , hope , joy and new life in Christ . "
The group 's creepy leader , Laura Silsby , told reporters : " God wanted us to come here to help children , we are convinced of that .
Our hearts were in the right place . "
But Silsby at least knew that the missionaries were flouting the law .
In a letter to the United Nations , Anne- Christine d'Adesky , a writer and human rights activist , said she met with Silsby on January 24 in a hotel in the Dominican Republic .
Silsby allegedly told d'Adesky that her authorization to pick up Haitian orphans and bring them into the Dominican Republic came from an unnamed Dominican official .
" I informed her that this would be regarded as illegal , even with some ' Dominican ' minister authorizing , since the children are Haitian , " d'Adesky wrote , adding that she directed Silsby to UN agencies dealing with orphans and adoptions in the country .
D'Adesky told the Wall Street Journal that Silsby responded : " We have been sent by the Lord to rescue these children , and if it's in the Lord 's plan , we will be successful . "
Silsby 's personal motives may not have been so noble .
Back home in Idaho , she faces a string of lawsuits for allegedly failing to pay employees of her Web site shopping business .
MSNBC noted that " the $ 358,000 house at which she founded her nonprofit religious group , New Life Children 's Refuge , was foreclosed upon in December . "
Which raises the question of whether Silsby thought she might have profited from arranging for Haitian children to be adopted by people in the U.S .
The other people with Silsby on her " mission , " including at least two teenagers , may have been victims of their own arrogance and stupidity -- but that does n't excuse their crime .
On the contrary , there 's something stomach - turning about using a tragedy like the earthquake in Haiti to promote religious beliefs .
( Right - wing Christians are n't the only ones guilty -- the Church of Scientology flew in volunteers after the quake to " minister " to Haitians . )
In the case of Silsby 's group , the Eastside Baptist Church Web site laid out the missionaries ' plans for a " Haitian Orphan Rescue Mission . "
According to the itinerary for January 23 , the group would " Drive bus from Santo Domingo into Port - au - Prince , Haiti , and gather 100 orphans from the streets and collapsed orphanages , then return to the D.R. "
The group apparently planned to take the children to a hotel in the Dominican Republic , where they would live until a permanent orphanage was constructed .
According to the New York Times , the Web site said the group would " strive " to " provide opportunities for adoption through partnership with New Life Adoption Foundation , " which subsidizes adoptions " for loving Christian parents who would otherwise not be able to afford to adopt . "
There 's no evidence that the missionaries were in any way prepared to care for the children they planned to " gather " from the streets -- it 's unknown whether any spoke Haitian Kreyol or had any familiarity with the country 's culture or legal system .
Even in the best of times , international adoptions can be fraught with corruption and difficult questions about the rights of birth parents .
Those questions are especially complicated when the adoptive parents are white and wealthy , and the birth parents and children are poor and people of color .
Closed adoptions , where all ties are cut between children and their birth parents , are especially prone to abuses .
In Haiti , it seems that the desperate parents contacted by the missionaries were n't told that their children might one day be adopted .
Instead , they were told the children would be cared for and schooled in the Dominican Republic -- and that they could visit one another .
" If someone offers to take my children to a paradise , " a mother told the New York Times , " am I supposed to say no ? "
As adoption expert David Smolin of Cumberland Law School commented in the New York Times :
The risks are very high that children with families would be " adopted " into families in the United States , based on the pretense that they are " orphans . "
We know from past history that those children most likely would never be returned to their original families , even if those original families were able to find them and sought their return .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - IN SPITE of the fact that the missionaries are accused on strong evidence of kidnapping and child trafficking , the U.S. media has positively fawned over them -- stopping just short of portraying them as the victims .
In one story after another , the missionaries have been allowed to plead their innocence -- and even complain that the Obama administration has not done enough to help them .
Typical was the Today show , which described the " frustrating few days " in jail for people " who insist they had only the best intentions . "
Imagine the level of sympathy in the media if the disaster had been , say , a hurricane in South Florida , and a group of Black missionaries , or perhaps Muslims , from another country came to " rescue " white children in the U.S. -- with " only the best intentions . "
One writer for the right - wing National Review , Kathryn Jean Lopez , even stooped to citing a Human Rights Watch report detailing the deplorable conditions in Haiti 's prisons -- as if the American missionaries have been suffering like an ordinary prisoners .
On the contrary , the alleged kidnappers have been giving access to the media , were allowed to speak to relatives via satellite phone , have a large legal team of American lawyers standing by and were allowed to receive food and other supplies from other missionaries .
That 's a far cry from conditions a couple hundred miles to the west , at the U.S. government 's Guant�namo Bay prison camp .
As Salon.com 's Glenn Greenwald pointed out , referring to one of the missionaries , Jim Allen , singled out by right wingers :
Why would National Review - - which endorses far worse abuses when perpetrated on Muslims convicted of nothing -- take up the cause of an accused child smuggler and possible child trafficker , and suddenly find such grave concern over detainee conditions ?...
Because , as a Christian , Allen is deemed by National Review to deserve basic human rights , unlike the Muslim detainees whose ( far worse ) abuse they have long supported ...
The very same people who have been demanding for years that Muslims be imprisoned for life , tortured and killed with no trials or charges of any kind suddenly become extremely sensitive to the nuances of due process and humane detention conditions .
They start sounding like Amnesty International civil liberties extremists -- the minute it 's a Christian , rather than a Muslim , who is subjected to such treatment .
Spain threatens the strength of the euro currency union far more than Greece , given the much larger economy .
And it turns out that , just like Greece , Spain has a horrendous tax - dodging problem .
Which means lost tax revenue the Government has to borrow money for .
For Spain , such tax shenanigans center around the property market where reportedly half of landlords evade taxes .
Bloomberg :
Owners are asking for payment in cash from tenants to avoid tax on 2.5 billion euros ( $ 3.5 billion ) of earnings annually , the Gestha union of tax inspectors estimates .
An increase in rental properties nationwide has n’t generated any more tax revenue .
The Spanish government , seeking to pull the country out of its deepest recession in 60 years , needs all the money it can get right now .
The slump was triggered by a crash in the housing market and has left Spain with the highest budget deficit since at least 1980 .
Taxes go unpaid on income equal to about a quarter of gross domestic product , Gestha estimates .
...
Encinar , whose company lists 360,000 properties for rent and purchase , said Gestha ’s estimate that 54 percent of landlords are ducking taxes “ falls short of the true figure , which is set to grow further . ”
So let 's see , as a back of the envelope calculation , $ 3.5 billion a year for the last ten years would mean $ 35 billion in government expenditures which required debt to finance versus using tax revenue .
Given that a $ 35 billion dollar European bailout for Spain , today , would make headlines and likely remove market concerns regarding Spain 's financial situation , stories of lax tax enforcement show how Spain only has itself to blame here .
SANTIAGO , Chile — Patriotic emblems are fast becoming the only place in northern South America to find the mighty condor .
In the less populated Andean heights further south , however , the gigantic bird has a chance to make a comeback .
A wildlife recovery project between Chile and Argentina is helping to breed , rehabilitate and release condors into the wild .
The largest land birds of flight in the world , condors were treated with reverence in the Andean territories for centuries before the Spanish conquest .
Native South Americans regarded them as sacred go - betweens , connecting man with his gods .
They are as emblematic in South America as the bald eagle is in North America .
On Ecuador 's seal , the spread - winged condor represents power , grandeur and pride .
On Colombia 's , it looks to the right to symbolize legitimacy .
Atop the Bolivian seal , another spread - winged condor symbolizes the country 's search for limitless horizons .
“ We do n’t want to raise animals to exchange with other zoos for exotic species .
We do n’t want pink elephants ; we are only trying to save our native species from extinction , ” said Mauricio Fabry , a veterinarian and director of Santiago ’s Metropolitan Zoo .
One hundred condors have been released since 2000 , when the Andean condor bi-national project began .
Weak , wounded or sick birds are first brought to the Metropolitan Zoo in Santiago .
There they are weighed , measured , diagnosed , treated and tagged for identification with a microchip .
Eduardo Pavez , a veterinarian and biologist who heads the program in Chile , said many fledglings appear weak and lost to empathetic people , who keep them until wildlife authorities bring them to Santiago .
These good samaritans do not realize that the condor parents were probably watching over their young , waiting for the intruders to leave .
Other condors have been wounded by gunshot or by high - tension wires in their flight paths and some show evidence of food poisoning .
Once the condors have recovered physically , they go to a rehabilitation center in Talagante .
Expert observers study their physical and social repertoire to evaluate their ability to survive in the wild .
“ Human contact with the birds is kept to a minimum at the center , ” Pavez said .
“ Most of all , they need to learn to identify with their own species and not with human beings . "
They are kept in large cages with other condors to learn social habits , like respecting their group 's " pecking order " and seduction behavior for successful mating .
More skilled condors are released into designated wildlife areas .
Others are used to breed offspring that can eventually be released .
But condors are slow to reproduce .
They reach sexual maturity between 5 to 7 years of age and females lay only one egg every one to two years .
Released specimens are tagged with large numbers on their wings and a radio and satellite tracer on each wing for further tracking and study .
Pincoya , a young female born in captivity , was insecure , clumsy and timid with her newly found freedom when she was released last March .
She flew only short distances before returning to where she had been released .
Some feared she would need to be recaptured , but the decision to “ wait and see ” won out .
Last winter the team took on the arduous task of hauling food for Pincoya through the snow on donkeys to assure her survival .
Soon they tracked her wandering 170 miles further south in search of her own meals .
Condors have a wingspan of up to 10.5 feet and weigh up to 33 pounds .
Standing , they are as high as a man ’s waist .
Flying low , they often intimidate herdsmen watching over livestock in summer pastures in the lonely heights .
Many arrieros shoot the curious vultures out of ignorance , or for sport , in the belief that condors will attack live animals or even their keepers .
But condors are not birds of prey .
They are carnivorous scavengers , or vultures .
They feed almost exclusively on large , dead or dying mammals .
Unlike eagles or hawks , condors ' feet have no talons to snatch up prey and lack the strength to transport an entire carcass to their young .
Condors can spot a meal several miles away and gather to partake in the banquet .
In the summer , condors find dead sheep , cattle and horses in the Andes .
They also cruise the Pacific coast for dead seals , whales , dolphins or seabird eggs , covering extensive territory in a day .
The wild , native animals , such as the llama - like guanaco and huemul deer , that used to make up their diet are now themselves scarce or endangered .
After domestic animals return to farms and feeding pens at lower elevations in winter , condors turn to garbage dumps in their search for food .
They may even devour poisoned carcasses farmers use as bait to kill off predators like packs of wild dogs , foxes and pumas .
Last December , three condors were placed in holding pens in the nature sanctuary Yerba Loca , at an elevation of 6,500 feet , to develop a sense of territory at higher altitudes before their release .
The team observing them soon saw a visit from a free condor .
It was Pincoya , the female condor born in captivity and released at the beginning of last year .
Her appearance inspired a tremendous surge of optimism among the team .
She is the living proof that their efforts are not in vain .
She was flying , “ Like the gods ! ” said Pavez , “ Even better , like a real condor ! ”
They do have a license to steal .
There is no other way to read Tuesday ’s report from the New York state comptroller that bonuses for Wall Street financiers rose 17 percent to $ 20.3 billion in 2009 .
Of course that is less than the $ 32.9 billion for bonus rewards back in 2007 , when those hotshots could still pretend that they were running sound businesses .
The economy is anything but sound , but you would hardly know that from looking at the balance sheets of the big investment banks .
The broker - dealer firms on Wall Street made a record profit , estimated at greater than $ 55 billion by the comptroller , and the only thing holding back even more grotesque bonuses was concern over criticism from a public that was hardly doing as well .
The enormous rewards last year come not from their having righted the ship of finance by lowering the rate of mortgage foreclosures for ordinary folks , one of four who are now “ underwater ” on their loans .
Consumer confidence this month is the lowest in 27 years , and unemployment is expected to hover near 10 percent for the next two years .
No , they get bonuses because the Federal Reserve , backed by the Treasury , bought the toxic mortgage securitization packages that Wall Street banks were left holding .
They , and they alone , were made whole .
The way the scam worked is that the Treasury deposited taxpayer dollars with the Federal Reserve , which in turn purchased a whopping $ 1.25 trillion in toxic mortgages .
That ’s the figure after the Treasury on Tuesday committed to depositing $ 200 billion more with the Fed to increase spending on this program — one that was ostensibly designed to increase credit availability to small businesses and others but has hardly accomplished that goal .
Credit is still very tight because the big financiers have used the low - cost cash they received from those charitable government programs to solidify their own positions through acquisitions and the like .
Call it the “ no banker left behind ” program .
While this plan did n’t keep people in their homes , it did wonders for Wall Street profits .
To be accurate , it ’s mostly the big bankers who reaped the rewards , for , as the FDIC reported Tuesday , the list of smaller banks throughout the country faced with default is growing longer .
The big financial conglomerates , which have come to be covered by the FDIC under questionable circumstances , benefit from that arrangement , but they are hardly the ones hurting .
The victims are primarily the smaller traditional banks that played by the rules but were overwhelmed after the housing market became dreadfully corrupted .
The number of banks on the FDIC ’s “ problem list ” soared from 252 at the end of 2008 to 702 last month , and the government ’s fund to insure depositors fell to minus $ 20.9 billion .
The source of the problems for those banks is the sorry state of the housing market , with the number of loans that are more than three months overdue at the highest level in the 26 years that such records have been collected .
Those hurting are mostly smaller banks , which are paying for the havoc in the housing market that the Wall Street giants created with their collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) and credit default swaps ( CDSs ) .
Those mysterious financial innovations meant turning the housing market into a grand casino using people ’s homes as chips , with the Wall Street crowd holding all the high cards .
Yet when the crash occurred , it was not those who designed and sold the toxic packages that suffered but rather the individual homeowners whose mortgages had been put into play .
They and the smaller banks were still playing by the old rules , which meant that houses were presumed to be worth the money loaned on them .
But there was no such disadvantage for the brokers , who would convert those mortgages into stock bundles .
They had succeeded in getting the U.S. Congress , at the end of 2000 , to exempt those CDOs and CDSs from any regulation .
This debacle was the accomplishment of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act , pushed through Congress during the last years of the Clinton administration by former Goldman Sachs honcho and onetime Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and his protégé and successor , Lawrence Summers , now the top economic adviser in the Obama White House .
The intent was , in Summers ’ words , to provide “ legal certainty ” for those CDO investment gimmicks , meaning no regulator could look to see what was inside the packages .
We still do n’t know , although we taxpayers now are on the hook for 1.25 trillion dollars ’ worth of them .
Ca n’t say it did n’t work out for the folks at Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase , where total average compensation was up last year by 31 percent .
How did you make out ?
This page has been relocated HERE
This page will remain up as a mirror for old times sake , but it will most likely not be updated very often if at all as I am trying to phrase it out .
For the most current information , visit the new site .
Updates
01/16/10 : Moved the Pikablu section to a different page and updated Pikaflare .
01/12/10 : Still expanding sections
If you have any comments or suggestions feel free to contact me .
The days of Red and Blue have come and gone .
The games themselves have now been analyzed down to their programming code and brought us to the point where there is n't much that we do n't know about them .
Some people may not realize it , but there was a time when this level of of extreme access to information was not possible .
Back when the Red and Blue versions were first released , Internet and was young and as of yet unable to share the information it does now .
ROM hacking was virtually an unknown niche hobby , with many not even taking into consideration the programming that went into the inner- workings of a game .
Pokemon itself had not yet taken off to the heights it has reached now for anyone to even consider diving into the game 's coding in search of its secrets .
Because of all of this , speculation easily arose about what lay hidden just beyond the borders of the game 's set boundaries .
What exactly was there just out of reach , in places that seemed to hold so much promise ?
What Pokemon may exist beyond the official 150 ?
Perhaps there were secret Pokemon , some more powerful than any encountered in the main game and so rare that almost no one knew of them .
This type of speculation dominated the attention of the fan community for a long while , with debates raging about just what was true and what was false .
Most importantly , did these " PokeGods " exist , and where could I catch one ?
Nowadays it seems that if anyone mentions the " Pokegods " they get laughed off as a troll , or ranted at about how anyone that believed in them was an obvious idiot .
Many of the web sites discussing the PokeGods have long been abandoned or disappeared as the owners either learned more or just stopped caring about Pokemon .
Because of this , when the newer generation of fans hear about these so - called " PokeGods " and go in search of information , they are only met with sites that have n't been updated in 10 years and those that react negatively .
It seems as though many Pokemon fans today want to just shrug off the early days of when everything was mysterious and Gold and Silver were just around the corner .
To me , the whole " PokeGods " craze was an important part of Pokemon fandom that should n't simply be forgotten .
I 've decided to update this page as a way of salvaging and archiving some of the old codes for nostalgia , while at the same time examining them with a more serious approach .
Reoccuring Elements | Common Pokegods | GSC Inspired
| Other Sources | Rumor Mill | Glitch - Related
What are the Pokegods ?
The PokeGods are ( or were ) as their name implies , supposedly god - like Pokemon that could find their origin in one of four different categories : - Supposed evolutions of Pokemon that already existed
- Misnamed MissingNo.- like glitch Pokemon
- Pokemon planned for the Gold and Silver versions ( or any species above 150 )
- Seemingly fabricated or just random
No matter which group a particular " PokeGod " fell into , almost all of them were claimed to be ridiculously powerful .
It was commonly believed that if you managed to obtain one , having it " faint " in battle would result in its actual death ( meaning it would die and you could never use it again ) .
For this reason , it was often warned never to use one PokeGod against another due to the risk .
The rumors and codes circulated to obtain such PokeGods were often ridiculously extreme or convoluted in such a way that it would take a person hours to perform and test out on their own .
Due to the vagueness of these codes , one could never be entirely sure if they performed a code " correctly " , which often times only lent towards a code 's perceived truth , since if it was so difficult to perform , many people assumed they might actually be true .
The PokeGods seem to have appeared in three main waves , each triggered by different reasons and met with a different reaction by the fans .
The first wave was triggered largely by early beta and pre-release artwork for the Gold and Silver versions released in Japan , mostly from the Spaceworld game trade show .
This art and sparsely translated information on the upcoming games was found by American fans while Gold and Silver were still in production and mostly unknown to the rest of the world ( having been mentioned only very briefly in a Nintendo Power issue dating before the Red / Blue versions were even announced ) .
In an effort to understand and explain this artwork , the concept of the PokeGods was born .
Most of the PokeGods and their rumors at this time spread by word - of - mouth , later finding its way onto the Internet and spreading even further .
The second wave began due to the release of later pre-release artwork and information for Gold and Silver , this time directed at English - speaking audiences , as well as the appearances of new Pokemon in the movie Pokemon the Movie 2000 : The Power of One .
While this new information helped further some of the older rumors and establish several PokeGods , it also was the start of the end for the PokeGod phenomenon .
At this time many people had been playing the Red and Blue versions for nearly two years , and information was readily - available that showed them just what Gold and Silver was .
The new Pokemon , rather than being believed to be in the current games , were accurately believed to appear in the coming games .
Because of all this , only a few of the new Pokemon were rumored as PokeGods , and even then the methods for obtaining them were limited .
The third and final wave of PokeGods appeared just before or after the release of the Gold and Silver versions .
Most of these PokeGods were found only on compiled lists , and unlike previous PokeGods , many seem to have been entirely fabricated .
Some sources indicate a few may be fan - given names for Gold and Silver Pokemon , though not enough are available for cross-reference .
How exactly did all this start though ?
Though the pre-release and beta artwork for Gold and Silver would seem to be the dominating factor , the exact beginnings of the PokeGod phenomenon can actually be found in a much more official source : Mew .
Mew Mew seems to be the original " Pokegod " .
The secret , super - powerful Pokemon that held a number greater than 150 .
Though common knowledge today , to some Mew was just as " mysterious " as the other rumored Pokegods .
With lack of official sources , and even the Internet lacking much information on it , people 's imaginations were left to wander .
Sure , there were the Nintendo contests , but a generally younger fanbase led into a lot of " what if 's " which turned into rumors and secret codes spread by word of mouth over the playground .
These rumors would end up on the Internet .
Mew under the truck
As is more or less common knowledge by now , a pickup truck can be found near the SS Anne if the player prevents it from leaving until Surf is obtained .
This truck was the source of many rumors , the most popular being that there was some kind of way to move it , usually by using Strength .
Generally , it was assumed that if one was able to move the truck , Mew could be found underneath it .
This being said , the actual truck has no ingame use and could not be moved , presumably being there simply as a small easter egg for those who managed to get to the area ( or even to intentionally fuel rumors ..? )
Mew after the Elite Four
The assumption that Mew could be obtained by beating the Elite Four with certain requirements or a certain number of times .
Mew instead of the Diploma
This quite possibly could have been the longest believed " how to get Mew " rumor .
Many people claimed that in the Japanese version , or in the English version ( possibly with certain requirements being met ) , that Mew would be given to the player in the place of the diploma which is awarded for completing the Pokedex .
Since this was easily proven false , it was often claimed to be " only in the Japanese Blue version "
Even though none of the rumors actually worked , there was no denying that Mew actually existed , its appearance in official media ( screenshots , movies , etc ) being solid proof of this .
What is interesting about this rumor is that it started the trend of claiming " It was in the Japanese version " , which for some reason made sense and furthered the mystery for a lot of people .
( this was echoed in real life in Crystal with the removal of the Celebi event )
Along the way kids would imagine , " if Mew is real .. then what ELSE ? "
It is quite possible that the other Pokegods codes stemmed from the original ' Mew codes ' in this way .
Reoccurring Elements
Though not Pokegods themselves , there were common archetypes and elements shared by many of the codes .
These elements were present in nearly every code , with other elements and codes sometimes being referenced .
These elements were quite likely the most popular seen , which inspired others to emulate them in new codes .
This resulted in a type of foundation for what a " good " code would be made up of , with any that did not adhere to these elements usually perceived to be a fake and left to fade into obscurity .
These elements are the following : Mr. Psychic
A popular belief was that if you put the Legendary birds in your party in order along with 3 Geodudes , Mr. Psychic ( the guy who gives you TM29 ) would tell you about the Pokegods .
This was pretty consistant , except that sometimes it was said that you also had to have all 150 Pokemon , and other times the Geodudes were not required .
Many sites said that having Mr. Psychic tell you about them was an " access code " that had to be done before any of the other codes would work .
Why people believed that Mr. Psychic knew something about the Pokegods in the first place is unknown .
None of the codes could actually get him to tell you about them , or anything different from what he would normally say .
Bill 's Secret Garden
Several of the Pokegods codes involved finding a way to go behind Bill 's house and into his garden where rare Pokemon supposedly lived .
Some variations referred to it as " Bill 's Mountain " or " Bill 's Forest " ( in one version he even had a plane > _ > ) .
This belief most likely came about due to there being an empty space behind Bill 's house ( instead of being filled with trees , etc ) that can easily be seen by the player while walking in front of it .
Similarly , though not as popular , there were also rumors about the inaccessible grass on the east and west sides of Pallet Town , most likely for the same reasons .
The PokeGods City
Pretty short and simple , there were several codes circulated that told of hidden cities where people had the PokeGods and would willingly trade them for common Pokemon .
Popular names for this type of city were Cloud City , the PokeGod Factory , Pokemon / PokeGod Island , and Brick Town .
Other names were thrown around , though they were n't nearly as popular .
These cities often differed in what you could find there , but all shared the supposed presence of PokeGods and being able to obtain them easily there .
Most versions of these codes said that you had to beat the Elite Four a certain number of times , after which Prof .
Oak would show you to the city .
Possibly the archetypical example went as follows :
There are such things as pokegods .
To get them beat the Elite Four 30 times without talking to anyone in between the nurse in the pokecentre at Indigo Platue or what ever it is , and the riv .
On the thirtith times Professer Oak will say " I 'm getting tired of this " and he will let you walk around the hall of fame which leads to a new city where people will swap pokegods .
It should be mentioned that what appears to be a typo ( " and the riv . " ) was copied almost every time the code was reposted .
It was occasionally corrected to " river " but it was most likely intended to be " rival " .
The original version without the " riv " typo seems to have been lost .
Professor Oak's Gift
Often seen in combination with the other types of codes listed , it was common to claim that particular Pokegods or items ( such as his ' custom Pokeball ' ) would be given to you by Prof .
Oak after fulfilling some sort of requirement .
An interesting point is that in later generations the various researchers do give you rare Pokemon after completing certain tasks .
Secret HMs
Like the Elemental Stones , HMs beyond the official five were said to exist in the game .
No matter what their exact function was , their purpose was always for entering usually inaccessible areas .
These areas were also usually " PokeGod Cities " , as detailed above .
Coincidentally in later generations , some HM 's very similar to those mentioned in Pokegods rumors were introduced ( Dive and Rock Smash being good examples ) .
Catch 150 Pokemon
Many codes were only said to be possible after completion of the Pokedex ( first 150 ) , which was said to be a sort of access code similar to Mr. Psychic and often paired with that access code as well .
Some variations said you needed 151 Pokemon ( with Mew ) , 152 Pokemon ( usually Pikablu ) , or some other random amount of PokeGods on top of the official 150 .
This type of rumor saw reality in Gold and Silver and the later games in the series , where the player could receive a rare Pokemon , such as a starter , upon completing their POKeDEX to a certain number .
This was implemented in conjunction with the " Professor Oak 's Gift " type of code .
Mist Stones
The Mist stones were a type of evolution stone believed to be capable of evolving every single Pokemon , even those which were already at their final stage of evolution .
This stone was said to be found in the Seafoam Island after collecting every item in the area , then using the Itemfinder on literally every tile .
Though it was initially said that there was only one Mist Stone , the rumor spread and it eventually became the catch - all secret stone that we know today .
Other secret stones were said to exist , with each evolving a specific Pokemon rather than being capable of affecting any .
These stones were typically said to be obtained through use of the same method to obtain a Mist Stone , but in different areas .
" Do this x Times . . "
Beating the Elite Four x amount of times , talking to certain people x amount of times , or use of elemental stones x number of times .
The numbers could vary dramatically and were usually very high .
One reason this ' genre ' of code may have been so popular is because if the numbers are very high , it is difficult for someone to disprove by personally testing .
Fansites as a Rumor Mill
With most information being condensed onto a few large websites , it 's easy to forget how things were in the past .
While there always were larger , more dominant sites , but unlike today , these large sites were accompanied by thousands upon thousands of smaller personal sites .
Any random kid could sign up for an account on expage ( which was simplified and did not require much if any HTML knowledge ) geocities , xoom , or one of the other popular web hosts to let the world know whatever they had to say about Pokemon .
Though there was no real structure , a sort of community was built through these types of amateur websites .
Owners would compete with each other for hits , and would often offer different codes as a reward to visitors for reaching a certain benchmark of views or receiving a certain number of votes .
While these codes may have occasionally been made up on the spot , the vast majority of them were copied and pasted directly from other websites , webmasters being able to " get away with " this because of how shoddy search engines were at the time ( it was often easier to find sites simply by navigating other site 's links and affiliates rather than searching ) .
This practice was not limited to individual codes , though .
Lists of Pokegods and and entire lists of different codes were also copied word for word , typos included , most of the time being left in the same exact order .
This became the fashionable way of filling out a website for the lazy webmaster .
Because of the different codes and lists being copied and pasted between hundreds to thousands of sites , this makes it very difficult if not impossible to tell where most of them originated , but also makes the canon of Pokegods ' mythology ' strangely consistant .
backgrounds and gifs were also circulated
One example of these practices is the site created by a guy called " JustinMew " .
His website was pretty run of the mill for its time and contained various " information " on Pokegods as well as fake screen shots and things ripped from other sites that specialized in making up fake Pokemon .
Even though many of the screen shots were very obviously edited , had sprites that hardly matched the style or color palette or were never intended to fool people , there were still people who saw them on this site and others like it and assumed they were real .
What really did n't help the situation is that many people , including JustinMew himself ( who told me he made the stuff up ) flat out lied about having captured or seen the Pokegods .
This being said , it was n't only JustinMew or site owners in general doing this .
You could go to just about any forum and there would always be a handful of people who claimed to have captured this - or - that Pokegod .
( I mostly use JustinMew 's site as an example because I talked to him and we used to know each other . ) * and because some people seem to get the impression from this that JustinMew was some kind of Pokegods expert , I want to point out this was NOT the case .
His site just happened to be popular .
He did n't know any more than me or anyone else , he was just someone who spread rumors that were already being circulated .
In fact ... he contacted ME looking for information through an earlier version of this very site .
And he also does n't even like / play / care about Pokemon any more , so it will do you no good to try and contact him .
Pokemon Factory
There was a website called " Pokemon Factory " which created fake screenshots of Pokegods and other made - up Pokemon , not necessarily with the intent to fool anyone .
Even though these images were watermarked and obviously fake , many became widely circulated and contributed a lot to the spread of Pokegods rumors ( sometimes being used as ' proof ' that they existed ) .
Pokegods Commonly Subject to Rumors
The following are the names of different Pokegods that were being circulated , I have tried to group them appropriately .
( for now I might have some of them in more than one category ) Keep in mind that this is by no means a complete list .
It should be noted that while the list of Pokegods is fairly large , many of them did not have as much fan ' mythology ' around them and were known by name only .
Evolutions of Pokemon that already existed With a few exceptions , these seem to come from the idea that one could find the mist stone which was able to evolve every single Pokemon .
Mewthree is a bit different because people also thought that pictures of Mewtwo wearing armor from the first movie was Mewthree ... ( detailed below ) .
Flareth is also an interesting case because of all the Eeveeloutions , it was the only one that was thought to evolve again ( or at least , the only one that was so widely circulated ) Venusaur > Sapusaur / Sapasaur Charizard > Charcoalt / Charcolt Blastoise > Rainer Butterfree > Locustud / Locustod Beedrill > Beepin Raticate > Raticlaw Nidoking > Nidogod Nidoqueen > Nidogoddess / Nidogodess Golduck > Pearduck Sandslash > Sandswipes Hypno > Dream Master Onix > Dimonix Gengar > Spooky Flareon > Flareth / Flarith Eevee > Lunareon Eevee > Solareon Omanyte > Omnamist Mew > Corona Mew * Mewtwo > Mewthree *( also called Cyro Mew , Chrona Mew , Chrono Mew , Crono Mew , or Cyber Mew ) Mewthree
While most PokeGods evolved from common Pokemon , and a few from uncommon or rare Pokemon , Mewthree was one of only two PokeGods rumored to evolve from a Legendary .
This is unusual , as it would make sense for evolutions of legendary Pokemon to be more popular due to their relative small number at the time .
The fact that only Mew and Mewtwo had any sort of official background may be the reason why they were chosen over the other legendaries to have their mythology developed further under the pretense of the PokeGods .
Mewtwo quickly fostered popularity for one reason : it was the most powerful Pokemon legally obtainable in the game .
At a time when Mew was still largely whispered rumors , Mewtwo was a bonus Pokemon you could actually see and even catch .
It became a rite of passage and instant fame for anyone to complete the game and encounter a Mewtwo , then add it to their team and show it off on the playground .
With a Mewtwo 's stats alone beating out many Pokemon , combined with its moves and psychic typing , any team would be near - unbeatable .
It was simply so powerful that there was no competition - even more so since " real " competitive battling was even less known .
However , rumors soon began to crop of up of a Pokemon even more powerful than Mewtwo .
People rationalized that since there was already Mew ( " Mewone " ) , and a MewTWO , there might likely be further numbers of even greater power .
Compounded with Mewtwo's already - mysterious origin in the game , the idea of a " Mewthree " became a popular notion .
While the idea of Mewthree briefly coincided with Mewtwo's armored appearance in Mewtwo Strikes Back , it should be noted that the two are n't mutually exclusive .
Rumors of Mewthree continued on ( albeit less widely - believed ) as they did before the movie , while the armored Mewtwo seen in the movie developed its own rumors on how to evolve Mewtwo into that form , which usually had names other than Mewthree to describe it .
( More on Mewthree as inspired by the anime can be read under the " From other Official Media " section ) Although Mewthree was the most popular rumored evolution of Mewtwo , there were other rumors for a Mewfour and even higher , though those were typically ignored as too ridiculous to be believed .
An evolution with the name " Altanes " was also mentioned which carried a little more weight than the others , but its connection ( if any ) to Mewthree is impossible to determine .
Flareth Flareth is an interesting case , since out of all the Pokegods believed to be evolutions of existing ones , it was the only one commonly believed to evolve from an " Eeeveeloution " and not Eevee itself .
Though one would logically assume since it was praised as being " The evolved form of Flareon " that using the Mist Stone on a Flareon would produce it , there were not actually any codes stating this or that required one to already have a Flareon to be evolved .
No , Flareth was simply given to the player as if it was a " basic " of itself and unrelated to any others .
This sort of contradiction could have its roots in a possible origin of Flareth : Pikaflare .
Or more specifically , the Honoguma artwork .
While the name does not seem to have been commonly circulated accompanying the artwork ( which was n't that well circulated to begin with ) , it 's very possible that this discrepancy in its fabled " origin " in comparison to how it 's actually obtained could come from it being an alternate name for Pikaflare / Honoguma , which somewhere along the line became an entirely seperate Pokemon .
If this is the case , it is likely that once this distinction was made and the connection lost , it was later attributed to being a Flareon evolution due to the " flare " in its name and the popularity of " evolved from " Pokegods .
Codes for obtaining Flareth generally involved talking to the thirsty girl in Celedon with Moltres or several Moltres in one 's party ( usually 3 ) .
Sometimes an additional part of the code stated that you needed to go to the Unknown Dungeon and use the item finder and locate something ( as seen in other codes ) before talking to her .
Dimonix " Dimonix " ( sometimes " Diminox " , " Dimondox " , " Dmonix " , or " Dimanonix " ) was a rumored evolution of Onix .
It had the most variations of name than any other PokeGod , making it difficult to tell which was the original or most circulated version .
However , all variations more or less indicate that this supposed evolution was composed of diamonds .
For the purposes of this article , " Dimonix " will be the name used due to no reason other than personal preference .
Dimonix , even counting its numerous names , was not a very popular or well - circulated PokeGod .
References to it could often be found only on sites that did n't copy - and - paste whole code - lists wholesale .
While this seclusion undoubtedly aided in Dimonix having a lack of publicity , it also resulted in the many variations of its name and code .
This was likely due to site - owners writing the code down from memory after not being able to find it again .
While there were many variants , Dimonix only truly had one code .
However , it was also prone to variation and would often be worded differently with each instance , though the basic method of the code remained a constant : A level 60 Onix would have to be traded for a certain number of times .
Usually the Onix would have to be traded with another level 60 Onix , with the number of back - and - forth trades being 4 , 6 , or " a lot " .
A few variations of this code added a short description of how Dimonix looked , with one suggesting it would have horns and another ( possibly later one ) wings as well as horns .
This description could be found under a variation that used the name " Dmonix " , which can be pronounced as either " De- men - ix " or " Dem - on - ix " ( similar to " Demonic " , but with an " x " end ) .
This pronunciation is likely the source for the demonic appearance of horns and wings .
Why exactly Onix had a PokeGod evolution at all is unusual in itself and calls to question its origin .
Onix was n't a particularly popular Pokemon , which begs the question why anyone felt it needed an evolution .
As evidenced by several of the other PokeGods discussed on this site , many PokeGods were initially inspired due to official sources , popularity , or third - part sources .
As just stated , Onix was n't very popular , so we are left with two possible origins for Dimonix .
Each will be discussed with points supporting and opposing their likelihood , though neither are entirely conclusive .
The most likely origin of Dimonix is the Pokemon Factory , which introduced a sprite showcasing a fake Pokemon of the name " Diminox " sometime in 1999 .
This sprite ( as seen above ) depicts a golem - like rock monster that was likely taken from an RPG game .
The code for Dimonix was being circulated as early as May of 1999 ( though possibly even earlier ) , so the years at least coincide .
For many people , this sprite is the exact origin that inspired the evolution for Onix .
However , the two look nothing alike and the Pokemon Factory itself assures us that if one of their fake Pokemon shared a name with a PokeGod , it was because the code inspired them to create it , not the other way around .
Another possible origin for Dimonix ( this time from an official source ) is the Crystal Onix appearing in the anime .
While made - up of a different mineral , a younger viewer would easily be reminded of the more well - known diamond and believe that that was what the Crystal Onix was .
The anime certainly was responsible for the introduction and popularity of several Pokemon before , so briefly causing interest in Onix in such a way where a " secret " evolution might exist is one of the more plausible origins for this PokeGod .
However , like the Pokemon Factory as an origin , this , too , is called into question .
The first broadcast of The Crystal Onix in the United States , which featured the Pokemon , was February 5th of 2000 .
This is over half a year after the Dimonix codes were being circulated .
One could argue that the PokeGod was inspired by the Japanese broadcast of that episode , which actually did precede the rumors by several months , though this is considered unlikely due to the relative " foreign media policy " Japan held at the time .
The episode simply could n't be seen earlier than when it was broadcast in the US due to the lack of inter-cultural media sharing .
So is this possible origin debunked ?
Probably not .
But its validity is certainly questioned , which only serves in continuing the mystery of this particular PokeGod .
All this aside , Dimonix largely stands out for one reason : its similarity to Steelix .
While most codes for PokeGods at the time required the Mist Stone or simply catching them , Dimonix was one of the few PokeGods involving actual trade with another game .
Comparing this with the actual method for evolving an Onix into a Steelix , one of the few Gold and Silver Pokemon to evolve upon trade , it seems like a strong coincidence .
In fact , one site even name - switched two of the original Dimonix codes with the name Steelix .
However , it is unlikely that Dimonix was ever inspired by Steelix , and that this one site simply believed they were " updating " the code .
Seemingly fabricated Pokegods
While most PokeGods were believed to evolve from a previously - existing Pokemon , a few seemingly have neither a connection with any of the original 151 Pokemon nor a basis in the coming Gold and Silver Pokemon .
These PokeGods usually have the most difficult or confusing methods for being acquired , as well as vague implications of their own mythology .
This is especially unusual considering many of the PokeGods were never mentioned outside their own codes , yet were presented as if they are familiar to a wide audience .
While the reasoning for this is unknown , it is likely that this was mainly a tactic used by their creators and spreaders to instill some sense of sincerity in their existence .
* Due to our continued research on the PokeGods , many PokeGods once found in this section have been found to have legitimate origins and were moved to the appropriate area .
With this in mind , please realize that some of the PokeGods believed to be completely fabricated may actually not be .
If any evidence arises suggesting they are not , then they will be moved as well .
Tricket
I have to say I wasted many hours trying the supposed " official Nintendo approved Tricket code " that was floating around .
This code is particularly interesting in that in nearly every instance of it , it remains exactly the same - word for word .
The code went as follows :
This code is for TRICKET !
a new Pokemon for Gold / Silver .
First , you must carry ALL 6 BUG POKEMON in your party in this order : Caterpie , Metapod , Butterfree , Weedle , Kakuna , Beedrill .
Then , open an empty box in your PC without any Pokemon in it .
Go into the Safari Zone and catch a wild Venonat and a wild Venomoth .
You cannot catch Venomoth before Venonat .
Then , catch a wild Paras and a wild Parasect .
Same rule applies for Parasect not before Paras .
Keep them all in your PC box and do not change for any new ones .
You do not need Scyther or Pinsir because they are rather rare to find .
You 'll see them on the Victory Road , however , by catching all of the other bug Pokemon .
That 's a pre-code .
Yes , along with Scyther in Red , Pinsir will be in Red too , and along with Pinsir in Blue , Scyther will be in blue !
It 's the truth .
Beat the Elite Four all the way through with the 6 Pokemon told .
Do not allow Caterpie , Metapod , Weedle or Kakuna to continue to evolve , just press B to stop them from evolving .
Its best for them to be on high levels .
Such as L50 Caterpie and Weedle , L60 Metapod and Kakuna and L75 for Butterfree and Beedrill .
You can use Rare Candies and Gameshark to boost them up .
After you win all five ( Gary too ) matches , Professor Oak notices you have all your Bug Pokemon .
He asks if you 're a bug collector , YES or NO .
If you answer NO , he says , " my mistake " and then the Hall of Fame comes up .
If you answer YES , then , he takes you a cage where TRICKET the CRICKET lives !
He lets you take it and use it for future battles .
Tricket is on Level 65 , the same level as Gary 's final Pokemon .
Tricket knows Spore , Twineedle , Mega Kick ( crickets like to kick their legs ) and Sing .
I do not know if it learns any moves .
It has no link with Shadybug .
Shadybug is an entirely different Pokemon .
They 're just bug pokemon .
Now keep in mind , I actually TRIED this code multiple times , even though there is one major flaw in the way that it 's written that gives away that it does n't work .
That particular flaw being the fact that it requires you to have a party full of bugs and still make it to the Elite Four .
While it is possible , the only way to do it is to make sure the last Pokemon center you healed at before starting was the one at the Indigo Plateau , and then use an escape rope in any random cave .
You'd think that would have been enough of a tip off to me , but at least I can testify that I have actually tried this ...
More than once ( granted , I was 12 at the time ) and trust me , trying to find those Pokemon in the Safari Zone in that order takes FOREVER >_>
Another interesting thing about this particular code is the fact that even the few sentences at the end about " Shadybug " were always copied with it .
This was generally ignored by most people , as there were no wild stories on how to capture ' Shadybug ' or any other details at all relating to it .
The name " Shadybug " apparently originated from a more obscure list of Pokegods which was being circulated .
Of the two versions of the list , a later one included short descriptions of each Pokemon and described Shadybug as " A bug that protects itself with a leaf " .
Tricket was listed directly after Shadybug in said list , described only as being the evolution of Shadybug .
Since there are no actual images or other basis for either Pokegod , figuring out how / why this was apparently debated is a bit fuzzy .
Merged Pokegods
One type of PokeGod often seen mentioned were those supposedly obtained by merging several lesser Pokemon or even several PokeGods into one new creature .
The codes varied , with most involving steps to merge the Pokemon , while others were said to be encountered without any active merging on the part of the player .
Others simply could be obtained through use of a Gameshark code .
It 's difficult to be certain which , if any , of these type of PokeGods were intended to be anything but a practical joke .
While some are clearly more outlandish ( as you will see ) , others appear to be perfectly sincere and have codes just as thought - out as many of the other , more established types of PokeGods .
The two most notable merged Pokemon are Venustoise , which appeared in the anime , and Zapmolcuno , which appeared in the Pokemon Special manga ( as seen to the right ) .
It is likely that these two official appearances of merged Pokemon fueled speculation into the possibility of other merged Pokemon in the games .
Zapmolcuno in particular may have been the original source of most of these rumors , due to the unusually large amount of codes for merging the three Legendary Birds either with each other or other Pokemon .
A list of some of the most popular and unusual merged Pokegods can be found here .
GSC Pokemon with Prereleased Pictures
As is still done with Pokemon games today , before the gold and silver versions were released in Japan there were pictures of a select few Pokemon that were released to the public and were floating around the Internet .
Pikablu ( Marill ) Marill , under the name " Pikablu " or " Pikablue " ( sometimes " Ketoblu " , " Mew Mouse " , or " Metamouse " ) , held the distinction of being the first true PokeGod that had a substantial mythology of its own .
After Mew , it was without a doubt the most well - known and sought after PokeGod .
Pikablu was thought to be a Water - type or Ice - type evolution of Pikachu or Raichu ( depending on the source ) and could have god - like abilities typical of the PokeGods or simply be a hidden , bonus Pokemon ; this also depended on the source .
As its mythology grew , Pikablu eventually surpassed its origin and the connection to Pikachu was seemingly dropped in favor of it being a stand - alone , unevolved Pokemon .
This becomes clear when later mentions of Pikablu dropped the Electric - typing that connected it to Pikachu .
It 's interesting in itself that Marill was almost entirely known as " Pikablu " in America .
Apparently , its Japanese name , Mariru , had been released in English and kana at the same time as its artwork .
This was ignored in favor of the " Pikablu " moniker , likely due to the Pokemon 's close resemblance to Pikachu and its blue - coloration ( pika ( chu ) + blu(e ) ) .
Even as time went on and the official American name spread , " Pikablu " held sway due to preference and old habit .
One common theory as to why the name " Pikablu " arose was that soon after the release of the original Red and Green versions , artwork for Marill was leaked either accidentally or intentionally by someone at Gamefreak .
Some person at Nintendo ( of America ? ) then saw it and coined the name " Pikablu " to describe it for lack of a released name ...
Or so the story went .
It should be noted that this story is unlikely considering the earliest known artwork for Marril was not leaked , but officially - released at the Gameboy Spaceworld convention in 1997 .
Aside from this fact , the artwork shows Marill with a pink or purple - coloration rather than the final blue , and the name was still provided in script as " Mariru " .
While the origins of Pikablu may seem simple , it should be realized that at the time of Marill 's introduction and Pikablu 's evolution from it that the Internet and the children browsing it interested in Pokemon were still young .
Information was difficult to come by , with search engines being in their infancy and as of yet unable to provide full search results .
Even though Marill 's Japanese name would be provided alongside the artwork , and full coverage of what Gold and Silver and Spaceworld was , those that saw it were too young to be able to understand what the Japanese meant .
The Internet was too young as well for them to easily contact others to ask what it meant .
Combined with the imagination of children , what little amount of information that could be found and understood easily mutated and exaggerated itself into something far grander .
As time went on and speculation of these " new " Pokemon evolved into the concept of PokeGods , Pikablu took the forefront and began to take on a new life .
Rumors began to pop up on what exactly a " Pikablu " was , with the most common explanation being that it was a secret evolution of either Pikachu ( the Pokemon it most resembled ) or Raichu .
It was only a matter of time that " evidence " arose in support of this theory .
In the American Red and Blue versions , there is a particular NPC found on Cinnabar Island that says something unusual if you trade him a Raichu for an Electrode .
If you make the trade , then leave the building and return , he will say " The RAICHU you traded to me went and evolved ! " .
( As seen in the screenshots to the right )
The rumors instantly garnered some sense of legitimacy to them , with many claiming this was " evidence " that Raichu does indeed evolve , and , logically , that that evolution must be Pikablu .
Unfortunately for those arguing the presence of Pikablu in the game , the text was eventually revealed to be the case of poor translation .
When Pokemon was localized for the United States , Nintendo of America used the updated Japanese Blue version as a base that was then divided into our Red and Blue versions .
In the Japanese Blue version the two Pokemon traded were not a Raichu and an Electrode , but a Kadabra and a Graveler , which do evolve .
Upon dividing the Blue version into the Red and Blue we know , the Pokemon traded were those appearing in the Red and Green versions ( Raichu and Electrode ) , while the Blue version text referencing evolution was still used .
This error would ultimately mislead many and help bulster the already - growing rumors .
This supposed evidence was so widespread and well - known that it even received mention in the official Nintendo Power magazine .
When the NPC 's statement was written in for confirmation , the Nintendo Power editorial staff simply said that it was incorrect .
As time went on , there became no doubt in the minds of the young Pokemon fans that Pikablu was real .
Unlike most of the other PokeGods , Pikablu was inspired by an actual Pokemon , and because of that there were official references to it .
Seeing these references hardened the belief of many that Pikablu was out there somewhere .
The first of these official references came during the summer of 1999 .
A " special music video " was shown on Kid's WB as a promotion for the 2 B.A Master Pokemon CD .
This video was created for the song " What kind of Pokemon are you ? " and contained scenes from the Pikachu's Summer Vacation short , even though the movie had not yet been shown in America , and none of the GS Pokemon featured in it had been announced .
This gave even more exposure to " Pikablu " , which was not mentioned by name , but shown in both the music video and the commercials preceeding it .
Even though name " Pikablu " and countless codes were already in circulation by this time , the video was significant because it was the first solid proof for many that this blue mouse Pokemon - - whatever its name actually was -- did indeed exist .
This considered , there was still the lack of an official name or any other information , encouraging the rumors to continue .
Later on , as more official references to the coming Gold and Silver Pokemon were released , belief in Pikablu slowly diminished .
Rumors of Pikablu adapted and the PokeGod shifted from being believed to be in the current games to being one of the many PokeGods presumed available in the sequels .
Many fan sites were closely following the updates on Gold and Silver and publishing what information they could , as well as speculation of their own .
It was at this time that Marill 's Japanese name , Mariru , became commonly - known .
Past beliefs still held sway , however , with these same sites suggesting that " Pikablu " would be its American name .
It was n't until Pokemon the First Movie : Mewtwo Strikes Back that belief in Pikablu finally reached a sudden stop .
Marill was widely advertised to make its official debut in the " Pikachu's Summer Vacation " short playing before the movie , with pre-release screens on the Internet and trailers both highlighting the new Pokemon .
Many people cried out " I knew it ! " and excitedly awaited the movie to see " Pikablu " at last .
Imagine the young fans ' surprise as the short specifically identified the Pokemon as " Marill " , and , while a skilled swimmer , was nowhere near as powerful or rare as once believed .
Dissapointment was heavy with many , while others immediately took to their sites and vehemently declared that it was NOT Pikablu , but Marril ( as the name was spelled at the time ) , and that anyone that continued to use the old name was very much incorrect .
It was this event that suddenly shook many away from their pre-conceived notions .
With " Pikablu " an incorrect belief , then what else might be as well ?
As simply as it started , Pikablu faded away and in the minds of many was nothing more than a common Pokemon .
While the name " Pikablu " is still occasionally used , it is met with vague amusement or irritation .
The origins of the once widely - sought " PokeGod " became muddled and many simplified it as " childish stupidity " .
This assessment is an unfair and naive assumption , as perhaps no Pokemon other than Mew has garnered so much speculation and attention from both official sources and the fans .
To overlook the history of Marill before it became Marill is ignoring an important part of what it means to be a Pokemon fan .
The sense of wonder and excitement over a new Pokemon , and speculation of what it 's " all about " is a defining feature of the fandom to this day .
Information relating to codes on how to obtain Pikablu can be found HERE .
Pikaflare ( and other Pikachu / Pikablu Clones ) " Pikaflare " or " Flarechu " , was a supposed Fire - type PokeGod said to evolve from either Pikachu or Raichu .
While it was n't widely rumored or popular , Pikaflare is notable for two things : first , being the first Pikablu - inspired clone of Pikachu of another elemental type , and , second , for most likely being based off of or drawing inspiration from the beta GS artwork of an intended Fire - type starter known as Honoguma ( referred to by some as a ' beta Cyndaquil ' ) .
While the image of " Honoguma " did exist on the internet at the time , curiously , it was not that widely circulated .
This leads to a situation similar to that of " Mewthree " in that while the name and concept for " Pikaflare " may have been initially popularized with this artwork , it later became less associated with this image ( which many did not even know of ) and known mostly by name only with no specific depcition .
Because of this , other names such as " Pikared " or " Flarachu " popped up but may or may not have had anything to do with the Honoguma artwork ( " Pikared " in particular ) .
Because of Pikablu having such a big influence , it was only a matter of time before rumors began to crop up of another " Pikachu " .
With Pikachu as an Electric - type , and Pikablu as a Water - type , the most logical choice for a " new " Pikachu was a Fire - type .
An Electric - Water - Fire trio was already seen with the three Eevee evolutions and the Legendary Bird trio ( though Articuno was Ice ) .
Some people even went so far as to believe that Pikachu , Pikablu , and Pikaflare were a new trio planned for Gold and Silver .
Taking this into consideration , the conclusion of there being a " Pikaflare " or " Pikared " was inevitable , with or without the Honoguma artwork as a basis .
Houou ( Ho-oh ) " Houou " , alongside Pikablu and Togepi , was one of the first PokeGods to be widely rumored and more importantly , believed .
The reason behind this is because similarly to Pikablu and Togepi , " Houou " was inspired by an actual Pokemon ( in this case Ho - Oh ) that appeared in an official source .
Ho - Oh was first seen as an unidentified golden bird flying towards a rainbow at the end of the very first episode of the anime .
Since no name was provided , fans began to refer to it as either " Rainbow Bird " or " Golden Bird " , though by some people it was believed to be MissingNo .
It was n't until much later , when more information on the Gold and Silver versions began to be released , that the Pokemon took on the Romaji - translated name of " Houou " .
Despite being the first Pokemon of the Gold and Silver versions to be seen by American audiences , Ho - Oh would not become a PokeGod in popular opinion until later on .
This is due to the initial air - date of the anime in the US , which was only seven days before the games were released .
Those that had played Red or Blue would not yet have been able to advance too far into the games to really see what Pokemon they held .
This short time - difference resulted in very little surprise at the sight of the golden bird Pokemon , as many simply assumed it was another Pokemon they would encounter later on .
However , as time passed and the games were played through ( and in some cases beaten ) , people began to realize that the golden bird did n't seem to actually be in the games .
Attention returned to the mysterious Pokemon as many began to wonder what exactly it was and where they could catch it .
As the Gold and Silver versions had yet to gain sufficient coverage to be widely known about , many people could n't comprehend that Ho - Oh and the other newly - introduced Pokemon would be found in sequels rather than Red and Blue .
After all , Americans had only just been introduced to the games , so they had no reason to expect sequels .
In reaction to that , players simply assumed that Ho- Oh was hidden somewhere in the games and needed only be found .
Since Ho-Oh was n't actually in the games , and with no official information on it that Americans could readily find , people began to develop theories to try to explain what sort of Pokemon it might be .
The most popular of these theories was that Ho - Oh was some sort of hidden " fourth " legendary bird alongside Articuno , Zapdos , and Moltres .
Furthering this " legendary bird " presumption , Ho - Oh 's golden and red appearance led many to believe that it was a Fire / Flying or Psychic / Flying evolution of Moltres .
This connection to Moltres , however , was not very widespread .
Ho - Oh being presumed to be an evolution of Moltres was likely simply the rationale for why there would be another Fire - type " legendary bird " .
Other than its status as a rumored " fourth " legendary bird , Ho - Oh had one other common belief associated with it .
In many references to the Pokemon , people would offer the possibility that " Houou " could be found in the Green Version of the Pokemon games .
The Green version of Pokemon had already been rumored to hold many secrets left out of the American versions , so including Ho - Oh among them was a simple enough presumption .
This idea would also likely have been fueled by the retrospective consideration people gave to Ho - Oh after they realized it was n't in Red and Blue .
Again , Gold and Silver was far over the horizon and largely unknown by everyone ...
But the Green version had already become popular as the " lost " third game to Red and Blue ( this was before Yellow ) , so it was perfectly reasonable for people to place Ho - Oh there .
As time went on and coverage of Gold and Silver began to become commonplace in publications , new images of Ho - Oh began to be seen .
For the longest time the only visualization people had of the Pokemon was its short appearance in the first episode of the anime , which would only have been seen once by most people as the series had yet to reach a point of re-runs .
It was now that people could finally put an image the Pokemon they 'd long speculated on .
Any information of Ho - Oh on a fansite was bound to have one of two images : the " in-flight " image as seen to the left , or the official artwork as seen above .
The first image , of Ho - Oh flying , is of questionable origin .
The coloring suggests it may have been fanwork , or a re-coloring of something official .
It was less widespread than the other image , though it could certainly be seen on a casual search .
The other , official artwork , was mostly a scan taken from its printing in the Nintendo Power magazine .
While its possible the image or another version of it could have been taken from the Pokemon .
Com website or a Japanese site , many instances of the image include a Nintendo Power watermark or other indicating information .
At the very least , the image was taken from Nintendo Power 's website .
In the end , Ho - Oh 's position as the PokeGod " Houou " is one of the more rich histories .
While it did n't have as many codes or popularity as some of the other PokeGods , it did have a mythology that rivaled even those of Mew or Pikablu .
Ho - Oh was the first " new " Pokemon many people saw .
It was known and rumored even before Mew .
Its status as the first new Pokemon is often overlooked by people today , with many not realizing that it helped foster the PokeGod phenomenon nearly as much as Mew .
Both were instrumental in creating the sense of mystery and " something hidden " that made Pokemon so popular .
Because of this , it 's fair to say that Ho - Oh is one of the most important Pokemon of the Red and Blue era , whether related to the PokeGod phenomenon or the franchise itself .
Bruno " Bruno " was a PokeGod with very few references .
It had one main code , which could usually be found buried on one of the main lists found on nearly every site offering information on the PokeGods .
It was just one code of many , copied - and - pasted word - for - word along with the rest of the list and quite easily forgotten in favor of the Gameshark codes promising more relevant PokeGods in the fan 's hierarchy .
In fact , Bruno would most likely have been categorized and unmentioned under the " Seemingly fabricated PokeGods " section , had it not been for one thing : latter - day references to the seemingly - trivial PokeGod " correcting " previous code - spreaders on misnaming it .
And what was the correct name ?
Why , " Buru " , of course !
While the name may not mean much to a modern Pokemon fan , it was at the time the only name available for the recently - announced Snubbull .
It seems Buru , being the romaji translation for Snubbull 's Japanese name , had somehow been corrupted into " Bruno " , and evolved a code that slipped under the radar .
Before going further , we should take a look at the actual code for obtaining Bruno .
It went as follows : Bruno :
This is a weird one .
Go to the unknown dungeon and swim around the right of it .
Use the item finder and it will say There is an item nearby .
Swim around pressing A and you find a note in a bottle although it will just say Bottle .
Take it to Prof. oak and he 'll read the note to you .
It says something like " The unkown dungeon has many secrets but you have n't found them all until you see a dog .
" Then go back to the unknown dungeon with 5 of the pokegods .
It does n't matter which ones just five .
Go to the spot where Mewtwo was and you see a boulder .
Use strenght on it and a staircase will show up .
Once you get down there you 'll see 6 platforms all with a pokemon on it , one of them is a bruno .
It 's position is always different , and if you do n't find Bruno on the first try they 'll all run away .
But you can go upstairs and go back down to give it a try .
The most notable aspect of this code is the mention of a " dog " .
Considering Snubbull is based on a bulldog and easily resembles a dog , this is our first clue that " Bruno " was Snubbull all along .
The later corrections and updates of the PokeGods name only confirms it .
Moving on , there are other indications of Bruno 's connection to Snubbull that can be found .
While the above code was the most widely - seen method for obtaining a Snubbull ( due to its inclusion in the spread list ) , there do exist several other codes that are more obscure .
Most of them are only found on a single site or handful at best .
While variations and alternatives of a main code to obtain a particular PokeGod were common , Snubbull 's gallery of codes is notably different in that you can more easily chart at which point they most likely were created .
This information can be inferred because nearly each code uses a different name for Snubbull , revealing the PokeGod 's name being updated and adapted to a new code with each new update on the actual Pokemon .
Other than the main code seen above , there existed two other codes for Snubbull using the name " Bruno " .
One offered a species number ( #635 ) , while the other simply suggested one could be obtained by evolving a Growlithe with a Water Stone .
Which Bruno code existed before the others is impossible to tell , though the Growlithe - variation is most likely to be the last due to only being found on one site with the only other reference being one of the final wave PokeGod compilation lists .
Another Snubbull code was an elaborate method of trading between a Japanese Yellow version and an American Blue version which would result in a box glitch that gave you a " Buru " .
Due to the name , it 's likely this was the next code in the series .
Finally , what appears to be the final code for obtaining a Snubble actually used the official English name , albeit misspelled .
" Snubble " ( sic ) could be obtained via the same code for obtaining a Gobritrog ; in fact , the two codes are one in the same , with the only differences being Snubbull 's name switched with Goblitrog 's and some text added .
It is unknown why a random code was cherry - picked and modified in this way , when it would have made far more sense to simply modify the already - existant " Bruno " code , but the presence of the official English name ( albeit misspelled ) at least suggests it was a fairly - late addition to the plethora of codes found on the Internet ; a possibility further suggested by the modified code being found on only one site and unspread .
On a final note , some details of the Bruno code perhaps coincidentally resemble the actual event of the three Legendary Beasts encountered in the Gold and Silver versions , where the player drops down into a lower level where the Beasts reside on three platforms and will flee if approached .
At the time , the Beasts were commonly believed to be dogs .
While this may be a coincidence , the proximity to Gold and Silver 's release may suggest yet another corruption of official Japanese information ; in this case , someone may have played the Japanese game and adapted the event to the popular PokeGod rumors still in full - swing in the United States , where Gold and Silver were still largely unknown .
Hifishi Hifishi seems to have been a later addition to the pantheon of Pokegods , possibly having been created later on but not really building any momentum until close to Gold and Silver 's release ( and even a bit after ) .
The initial basis for it was likely the beta art of Qwilfish , as seen in the image to the left .
( Which , like " Pikablu " , had an official name ( " Buku " ) left ignored .
Hifishi holds the distinction of having quite possibly the most difficult and time - consuming activation code necessary for triggering its appearance .
( readable below )
While all variations of the code require owning all 151 Pokemon , including pre- evolutions simultaneously with their evolutions , some made it even more difficult by including a " No Gameshark " clause .
Usually when such a clause was provided , it was to force a much greater burdon on the player .
However , most people viewed the clause as indicative of the cheat 's legitimacy ; after all , cheaters never prosper , right ?
It was assumed the cheat must be real if you were earning it .
First have 151 Pokemon then in the 6 pokemon that you carry have numbers 1 - 6 , also you have to have ALL the unevolved forms too .
Then in all the boxes have Pokemon 7 - 151 ALL in order .
Then go to the entrance of the unknwon dungeon and DONOT go in instead swim in the water right of it and go up and take a right .
Then use your item finder until it finds an item .
Then use your Pokeflute and it will say HIFISHI awoke in rage , then it will get into battle and you will have the safari zone choices of rock and bait .
Throw 5 baits , 5 rocks , and 6 balls to catch .
Once you catch him , the bins will have no room , so let ALL pokemon go accept for Mew , and then from the entrance of the unknwon dungeon with only one Pokemon use the super rod into the water while on the bike .
Then , a Ditto will apear , catch it and it will be Pokemon No.-001 , and then save the game and beat the game with just these two pokemon and you will have ALL your pokemon back .
He is classified as Type1 / Rare Type2 / Water .
( He comes at LV . 70 . ) POKeDEX INFO :
An extremely hostile water POKeMON .
Uses large gills to dive deep into water .
Only one has ever been confirmed , and nobody has ever caught it .
MOVES :
Water Rapids 25/25
Whirlpool 10/10
Bubble Jet 15/15
Waterfall 5/
5
Lv.75 - Title Wave 7/7
Lv.87 - Deep Dive 16/16 ( Famous Attack )
Lv.99 - Typhoon 20/20 INFO
Health : 999/999
Speed - 777
Attack - 777
Defense - 777
Special - 777
While the code itself is n't any more special than many of the other codes that made the rounds of " How to catch " PokeGod sites , the attached POKeDEX entry , moveset list , and stats caused Hifishi to stand out .
Unlike most codes , this method is also remarkably well - written and truly stands out with the attached information .
These two aspects lend a sense of sincerity and legitimacy to the code , which surely aided in its circulation .
Also unlike most other PokeGods rumored at the time , Hifishi was provided with an actual sprite .
While the POKeDEX entry ( as seen to the right ) has visable discrepencies from an actual in - game entry , the overall work was a notch above most other fake sprites seen at the time , which aided in Hifishi 's sense of legitimacy .
As far as can be seen , the fake POKeDEX entry was created by a Kris Sorensen of the ( now defunct ) Pokemon Neon website .
It does n't appear that Kris was attempting to mislead anyone , but , as things tended to happen , their work was interpreted as real upon mass circulation .
It is currently unknown whether the entry was made after the initial code had spread , or if they had created the entry which then fostered a textual code .
Both are rarely together , which suggests they were created separately .
Another code was circulated detailing an alternative to obtaining a Hifishi , though it was seemingly less popular and likely just one of many alternatives that pop up when a main code would n't work .
It went as follows : 1 . Have five lv100 Magikarp in your line up NOTHING ELSE ( It sounds wierd .
I mean , who would train a magikarp that high ?
Unless you duplicate your rare candies )
Then go to the Cerulean Gym .
2 . Fish in the gym and win 10 battles with the Magikarp ( I 'm not sure if it 's each ) 3 .
Once you do that , Misty will get mad and ask you " Are you gonna battle me , or what ? ! "
Say no , then she 'll give you Hifishi , then laugh .
Notably , no variation of the code without the inserted commentary appears to have been circulated , suggesting it was there from the initial spread .
Some later lists state that Hifishi was an evolution of Gyarados , though this does not seem to be true from the beginning .
Note :
If Kris Sorensen or anyone that may know them comes across this site , please feel free to contact us if you would like to discuss Hifishi and resolve some questions on the subject .
From other Official Media Magazines - Luigi
- Yoshi
Somehow , people actually thought that Yoshi was a real Pokemon though some claimed it was an " easter egg that only changed the picture " usually being said to evolve from Dragonite .
Luigi was said to be the evolution of Lickitung , but both of these originated from April fools jokes ( The Luigi one even being from Nintendo Power ) .
The Anime Venustoise Venustoise was shown on the anime series , not as a real Pokemon , but as an illusion created by Gastly in order to scare Ash 's Bulbasaur and Squirtle in " The Ghost of Maiden 's Peak " .
Lots of people assumed this was a real Pokemon , even though it only appeared on screen for a few seconds .
To this day , Venustoise has never been , and most likely never will be an obtainable Pokemon in any game , as it was obviously only intended to be a joke .
It has never had any other appearances in official media other than the few seconds it was on screen .
Of course , even though it was obviously not real , there was ( and to an extent , still is ) no shortage of rumors that supposedly told you how to catch it .
Venustoise in " The Ghost of Maiden 's Peak " Mewthree
What commonly became known as " Mewthree " seemed to be based on the incorrect assumption that images of Mewtwo wearing armor from the first movie were not Mewtwo , but ( in most cases ) an evolution called " Mewthree " .
These rumors started before the movie was shown or even announced in America , people having come across the pictures from Japanese websites , or reposted on American sites with little to no context given .
Taking this into consideration it 's easy to see how someone 's imagination could run wild .
Even after the movie 's release , however , the idea of there being an evolution of Mewtwo remained strong .
Fans who had seen the movie would be quick to point out that the armored Mewtwo was the same Pokemon , but there were also people who chose to use the name when referring to the armored version even when they knew very well it was the same Pokemon .
( something which continues to this day )
All this aside , the codes kept getting circulated and " Mewthree " kept getting mentioned .
One reason probably being that the actual pictures became less circulated than the idea of there being a " Mewthree " , regardless of what it looked like .
It was also much quicker and easier to simply copy and paste a code ( as evidenced by lack of spacing in many of them ) than to also copy images or other things that went along with it .
In short , the name was mostly associated with the armored Mewtwo , but not always .
Glitch and Missingno - like Pokemon
There was a particular list of gameshark codes commonly being circulated which claimed to be codes for the Pokegods .
The Pokemon obtained through these codes are actually different types of MissingNo , or " glitch Pokemon " .
For example , the Pokegod , " Mysterio " or " Millenium " is actually the glitch Pokemon " M " ( also called " M block " ) .
A contributing factor to this could be the fact that there are MissingNo . that have Kabutops fossil , Aerodactyl fossil and un-ID'ed " GHOST " sprites .
Similarly to M , some of the other pokegods were different " missing number " Pokemon which take up slots in the programming but are not named " MissingNo " .
Pokemon in this category include : Anthrax
Millenium
Mysterio
Ruin
Psybir
Psybird
Doomsay
Doomsday
William Galston , writing about Republican refusal to join a deficit - reduction commission , catches something I missed : the WSJ editorial page is now against means - testing on entitlements programs , because it
means that middle and upper - middle class ( i.e. , GOP ) voters would get less than they were promised in return for a lifetime of payroll taxes .
Wow .
First of all , are n’t Republicans supposed to pretend that they ’re the party of regular guys , and that the affluent vote Democratic ?
( It ’s not true , but that has n’t stopped them here or anywhere else ) .
And in the past , opposition to means - testing on benefits has come largely from liberals , who fear — rightly , I think — that poverty programs are poor programs : once you make something mainly a benefit to the poor , political support for that program erodes .
But beyond all that : if Republicans are opposed to any kind of tax increase , and now , apparently , opposed to any kind of targeted cuts in entitlement programs , what are they for ?
I guess the answer is that they just want to dismantle social insurance altogether — although how that squares with insisting that people get the benefit of their payroll taxes I do n’t understand .
And heres ’ the thing : Social Security and Medicare are , you know , very popular .
The only way they could be gutted , as opposed to reformed in an incremental way , is in the face of fiscal catastrophe — basically , federal bankruptcy .
And that , in effect , is what the WSJ is calling for .
Update :
As usual these days , truth is weirder and worse than fiction .
Some on the right seem to think that defaulting on the federal debt would , in fact , be a good idea — because it would cut the government off from future borrowing .
Plans to create jobs : ' I am ready with all my powers to help these young people '
Former Nissan Motor Co. Chairman Carlos
Ghosn made a new public appearance in Lebanon Tuesday during which he launched an initiative with a local university to help the country that is undergoing a severe economic and financial crisis .
It is Ghosn ’s second appearance in public since he was smuggled from Japan in late December to his ancestral Lebanon .
Ghosn declined to elaborate about the details of his arrival in Lebanon , saying it happened in “ dramatic circumstances ” and also refused to answ
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
On Feb. 22 , 2010 , two of President Obama ’s officials linked up from the White House for an online town hall meeting , answering questions from CreditCards.com readers .
Answering questions was Austan Goolsbee , from the Council of Economic Advisers ; Jesse C. Lee , director of White House online programs , relayed the questions .
This is a transcript of that conversation ; you may also view the video .
***
Jesse C. Lee :
Hey everybody , my name is Jesse Lee. I ’m the White House Online Programs Director .
We are happy to welcome readers of CreditCards.com today for a chat with Austan Goolsbee here of the Council of the Economic Advisors — he ’s been one of the point people on our policy on credit card reform which the President signed last year .
It ’s kicking in today , so we wanted to take some questions on exactly how this works , how this is going to affect your relationship with your credit card company .
And maybe I ’ll toss it over to Austan for just some quick remarks on the day , and we ’ll get right into your questions .
Yeah , it ’s a pretty big day .
Thanks , Jesse , and thanks , everybody , for , you know , taking the time .
The credit card legislation that we passed last year and the rules that are going into effect today really start to reverse the trend that we ’ve seen in the credit card industry where some credit card companies began engaging in even deceptive practices or turning fees and penalties into a business model where they collected more than $ 20 something billion of fees last year , and so I think it ’s going to be a good day for the American consumer , and it ’s fitting in with our broader financial regulatory reform agenda .
Let ’s try to prevent the kind of excesses and practices that got us into the biggest mess since the Depression .
Lee :
All right .
Thank you .
So we ’ve been taking questions for about a week , but there ’s also a live chat going on right now on CreditCards.com , which I ’m keeping an eye on , and we ’ll be taking as many questions from that as we can .
So let ’s start from when they came in a couple of minutes ago during chat .
Let ’s see .
Jessica
Whait asks how will enforcement of the act be handled ?
If a consumer feels that the issuer has not complied , what is the reporting process ?
Goolsbee :
Well , basically , the bank regulators of the bank that issues the credit card are the ones charged with enforcement .
Now , that is why the administration has pushed for a single consumer financial protection agency to make it easier .
But for most credit cards , it ’s the OCC , and if you go to the OCC ’s website , or there ’s a website called , I believe , dealwithmybank.gov , in which if you feel that they are breaking the laws that we ’re going to talk about here today , if you say , hey , wait a second , they ’re not supposed to be able to raise the interest rate on balances I already charged , for example , that ’s forbidden as of today .
If they did that to you anyway , that ’s where you ’d report it , and I think you ’re going to see heightened interest in that issue from a regulatory perspective .
Lee :
All right .
One of the questions we got over the last week was from Chad in Utah , and this kind of touches on the question of , you know , what ’s the role of personal responsibility in this .
It says , “ what makes the White House think that the new disclosure rules will really prevent people from making bad choices or borrowing too much money , tell me where else disclosures have worked . ”
Goolsbee :
Well , I think there are a lot of places disclosures have worked , so rather than go through a list of those , let ’s think for a second about what ’s happening with this credit card reform act .
It ’s got two styles of things .
There are many different rules that it puts in place , but there are two styles of rules .
The first are certain practices that various credit card companies engaged in that were at the least sneaky , and in many cases outright deceptive .
So it says they have to send you a bill at least 21 days before the due date .
They ca n’t raise the interest rate in the first 12 months of a card , offer you a teaser rate and then pull it back , you know , five days after you got the card .
The annual fee , if it has an annual fee , ca n’t exceed 25 percent of the initial credit limit of the card .
So , a series of prohibitions of the kind of activities that companies had engaged in that are very hard for people to figure out that they exist .
And then the second style of thing it does , as Chris – Chris right , from Utah ?
Lee :
It was Chad .
Goolsbee : Chad .
As Chad pointed out , it also puts a big emphasis on disclosure and transparency so you can hold your credit card company accountable .
So if they ’re going to raise the rates , they have to tell you 45 days in advance we are going to raise your rate for this reason , you have the right to cancel your card , to switch to a different card , etc .
Now , this is n’t intended to change the basic dynamic of a credit card , which is somebody gives you a loan and you ’re supposed to pay the money back .
What we ’re trying to do here is change the most egregiously deceptive practices and to give consumers , change the balance of power between you and the credit card company , so that you can take responsibility and hold them accountable .
And I think in many areas you ’ve seen that style of disclosure and responsibility work very well .
And I think that ’s an important building block , because as me and as Jesse and everybody else knows , if you have a credit card , the balance of power is like this now , you do n’t — you lack information , they ’ve sent you terms of use that are in legalese , they are not in plain language nobody — nobody knows what they are — what they ’re required to do , and they are administering fees to the tune of $ 20 , $ 30 billion a year , including things like if you — they set your credit limit , if you exceed your credit limit , they do n’t tell you , they let you exceed it and then apply a penalty to you for exceeding it .
And so now they simply have to get you to check a box that says , I want to be allowed to go over my credit limit , and then administer a fee .
If you do n’t check the box , then if you try to purchase over your credit limit , it just says no , you ca n’t do that .
So I think disclosure plus banning deceptive practices is actually a pretty strong combination .
Lee :
All right .
And by the way , one of the benefits we have here doing these chats is that we get some instant feedback .
I think it was Rob that pointed out that it ’s not dealwithmybank.gov .
Goolsbee : Help with my bank .
Lee :
So there you go .
All right .
Goolsbee :
That illustrated my mentality , it ’s helpwiththebank , not dealwiththebank , it ’s helpwithmybank.gov .
Lee : Yeah .
Goolsbee :
That ’s where you go if you , for any of the practices I ’m describing , if you feel like , hey , wait a minute , that ’s supposed to be illegal and my bank is doing that , if you go to helpwithmybank.gov , that ’s where you can inquire about it , you can report it , you can do any of those things .
Lee :
All right .
And I think that ’s good teamwork , Rob .
One of the questions we just got was from Judith Anna .
She asks ,
“ As these things usually go , the credit card companies are already creating new ways to gouge the consumer .
Will there be follow - up addendum rules to plug the new greedy grabs that they create to get around this bill ? ”
And this is the kind of question we get with a lot of the reforms we try to pass around here , so …
Goolsbee : Sure , OK , so I ’d say a couple of things .
It ’s a good style of question , there ’s an insight in it , which it says , OK , well , look , they came up with this stuff and now we ’re going to get rid of a lot of these things , what if they start doing a whole bunch of new things .
We ’ve got 10 or 12 really significant practices and a significant change in the balance of power of regular people vis-a - vis their credit card company , which I think are really important , and I invite anybody to go look at them , and I think you ’ll agree with me they ’re very important steps that are being taken .
Several of the things we ’re doing , like requiring the credit card companies to put out their documents in plain language , leave open the possibility of enforcement , that the principle of the rule can be enforced in a way that just a specific letter of the law , you know , they might get into some technicality .
And I do think that the emphasis the administration has put on consumer financial protection shows you we ’re trying to think about the current difficulty that we ’ve got consumer protection and looking out for consumers in seven or eight different agencies , various kinds of financial regulators , and it would be better if we had one streamlined process to do that .
But we ’re going to enforce these 10 or 12 major rules that we ’re talking about here , we ’re going to have a different style of regulation , which allows us to stay after them and say , well , wait a minute , you ’re engaging in a new deceptive practice .
And number three , as part of broader regulatory reform , I think we ’re going to definitely keep a watchful eye on maintaining the balance of power .
Lee :
All right .
And , yeah , plenty of questions coming in on the chat and keep them coming .
Goolsbee : Getting real - time fact checking , that ’s kind of disturbing here .
Lee :
That ’s transparency for you .
All right , well , so , another thing that CreditCards.com has going here is they ’re doing kind of an instant poll of the people in the chat , and the question they ’ve asked is , I ’m afraid that the new law will make it more difficult for me to get credit .
And you kind of see the results here where …
Goolsbee : A lot — you know , 58 percent or something in some form agree .
Lee : Right .
Goolsbee : OK , look , so the issue of tightened credit , it ’s not a secret to anybody in this country that ’s had to go out and try to get a loan , dealing with a credit card , try to get a mortgage or any of those things , that credit to consumers in the midst of the worst credit crunch since 1929 has not been an easy place to be .
I do not believe that there is any convincing evidence that doing things like preventing them from being able to charge you interest retroactively on balances you already incurred or engaging in a series of sneaky practices in which they administer fees that you did n’t know about .
I guess the way to say it is , if that ’s the only way that they make a business model , then we ’ve got a really pretty fundamentally broken credit system .
I believe that it ’s not — what we are describing here is not changing the balance of who is creditworthy in any way .
What we ’re trying to do is require credit card companies to disclose what their practices are , that there ’s nothing wrong with charging fees for being late on your payments , people , it is their responsibility to pay back their bills .
But if you have to , for example , notify the customer how long will it take for them to pay off their balance if they just make the minimum payment , and they have to put that on your bill , why would that lead them to tighten the credit on you ?
It does n’t — I do n’t think that that makes sense .
So I think that better disclosure and transparency in many ways is going to make this market operate better , because when we ’re operating in a land of the sneaky , a lot of bad things can happen , because people just do n’t understand what they ’re up against .
Lee :
All right .
You touched on this earlier , but we ’ve got a couple of questions asking for follow - up .
Somebody asked can you please elaborate on how the card act will help young people specifically .
Goolsbee : OK .
So for young people , as you know , I ’m — I ’m on leave as a professor at the University of Chicago , so you — anybody who is in or around schools , colleges , high schools , any of those circumstances , knows that there are some credit card companies who target that group specifically , and there has been a problem — there have been at least a few problems where they get people who will not be able to pay the bill are very likely to run into difficulty , and they kind of ca n’t get — they get off on a bad foot at the very beginning of their credit rating , that they are going to get them in trouble , expecting the parents to pay , et cetera .
So what it specifically does for underage customers , for anybody under 21 , there is a heightened rule of documentation or a requirement of an official co-signer on the card , so that we are less likely to get people into situations where they ’re signing up for cards and they get on the treadmill where they kind of ca n’t get off .
Lee :
All right .
Now we ’ve gotten several questions about this .
Jeff says , “ I run a small business and our credit card fees that we pay to banks for transactions have doubled in the last two years .
Any chance we could regulate those fees like most countries do ? ”
And in general , we ’ve got a bunch of questions about how this affects small businesses .
Goolsbee : OK .
I would say a couple of things , not knowing more detail about that specific small business .
There are some kinds of fees that , as of today , they ca n’t have fees like that anymore , including restrictions , as I ’ve said , on fees if you go over your credit limit , that they have to give you the opportunity to stop the charges rather than charging you for going over your limit and applying a fee , that there would be a limit on the annual fee , that it ca n’t be more than 25 percent of your credit balance , and a series of a few others .
I think it ’s important that we think about the fees , because as I outlined at the beginning , they collected some $ 20 - something billion in fees last year , and there are some companies that appeared to have tried to turn sneaky fees into a business model , rather than just using we ’re making you a loan , you pay it back with interest , as the business model for a credit card .
So I think focus on fees is a major component .
On small business , a lot of small businesses use credit cards as their financing .
Now , I want to just make a plug for the rest of the Obama administration program on dealing with financial and job market matters , that we ’ve got numerous aspects trying to increase credit to small business , either through use of TARP resources to give money to local and community banks to make more lending to small business , the president has called for a tax credit to encourage small business and reward small businesses for hiring new people or for expanding their payroll , cutting the capital gains rate to zero for small business owners .
So a series of things outside the credit card world we ’re doing to try to stimulate the economy , small business specifically .
In the case of credit cards , small business will be protected by the same kind of disclosure requirements and forbidding of fees that individuals are , but it does n’t go further than that specifically on small business .
Lee :
All right .
This could probably be a very simple one , but Moe S. asks , “ Are these reforms permanent or do they expire after a certain time period ? ”
Goolsbee : No , no , they are permanent .
Some of the permanent reforms relate to things that are time limited , like if they offer you a teaser rate — that has to stay in place for 12 months .
But these reforms are definitely permanent .
Lee :
All right .
One of the questions that we ’ve gotten a few times , which is reasonable , but it ’s a tough one in any kind of situation like that , is in the time between when this bill got signed and now , it seemed like a lot of credit cards kind of , you know , saw it coming and jumped ahead and tried to raise up rates as much as they could get away with now .
I mean , is there anything to do about that or was there any way to prevent that ?
Goolsbee : I think it was — there needed to be a transition period .
We ’ve actually seen — you may find it hard to believe , but we documented many of the biggest banks publicly announcing that they would start abiding by the rules before the rules went into effect .
Now , it is my understanding that there are some credit card providers who said , we got to try to get out there and get as much money as we can before these rules come into effect , and if that is , I can see that ’s frustrating .
We ’re going to end those practices where we are going to give the opportunity that you can cancel the card , change the card to someone else if ever they want to raise fees further , and one of the core components of this is no raising rates on past balances .
So that will still apply now , so they can try to raise the rates on stuff that — that has happened thus far .
But if you have a balance coming forward , they ca n’t go do anything to essentially the contract you already signed with them .
Lee :
All right .
Let ’s see .
The questions are flying fast and furious .
I want to get one of these that —
Goolsbee : Not furious .
Fast and friendly .
Lee :
All right , yeah , very friendly .
Let ’s see .
All right .
You just asked —
Steve had been asking about the existing balances and existing accounts , I think you just touched on that .
You know , I think another question we ’ve gotten is why not just flatly put a cap on interest rates that credit cards can charge .
Goolsbee : OK .
So the — as I said , the centerpiece of the laws that are coming in today have two parts .
One is getting rid of fees and practices that are very difficult for consumers to understand or where they engage in something sneaky .
The second is on a series of things like rate increases , that they give power to the consumer , in plain language to the consumer that they can decide , you know what , I do n’t want to deal with this card , if they want to jack my rate up to 30 percent or whatever , forget them , I ’m going with somebody else .
We have n’t engaged in the government getting into the business of declaring these folks are creditworthy , these folks are not , here ’s the rates that you have to charge , instead it ’s the borrowers have a responsibility to pay , the credit card company has a responsibility to disclose and to deal with customers honestly and let them operate , so I think that ’s the style that we came at it .
Lee : Gotcha .
Well , another question we got , we asked early on , somebody had a question about personal responsibility , and , you know , is this bailing out people that kind of by their own doing got into trouble .
The kind of flip side that we ’ve heard from several people now is , you know , a lot of people are out of a job , a lot of people are — you know , find themselves in , you know , frankly , health issues , you know , health reform is another issue we ’re obviously dealing with now , and really it ’s just kind of by no fault of their own , it ’s because of the economy that they find themselves , you know , deep in debt .
Is there any kind of way that , you know , the White House approached that differentiation between those who are kind of irresponsible and those who , you know , no fault of their own ?
Goolsbee : Well , yes and no .
Here ’s what I would say about that .
This , and again I invite everybody to go on and read the changes that we made last year that are coming in place today .
I think you will agree that these 10 or 12 fundamental practices that credit card companies will not be allowed to engage in any longer , and the requirements of disclosure and transparency that allow you to hold your card company accountable are really important , they ’re important that they do these things .
This credit card reform bill is not going to fundamentally change , however , the basic relationship of a credit card , which is you ’re taking a loan and you ’ve got to pay back — you ’ve got to pay your bills .
There is no question that through unemployment , through getting sick and the massively high cost of health care , that a variety of things , have people getting into financial trouble .
Health care costs in particular can often lead to personal bankruptcy .
I do n’t think we expected , and it would n’t be realistic to expect , the credit card reforms to fundamentally change that .
It ’s not going to pay your bills for you , you still got to pay your bills .
What this thing is about is trying to re-establish a level playing field balance of power of you with the credit card company , that they got to tell you here ’s how it ’s going to operate , if we are going to jack up rates on you , they got to notify you in advance , you have the opportunity to say , whoa , wait a minute , this is not appropriate , I do n’t want to do business with you .
For the things like dealing with unemployment , health care costs and things that might drive you to personal bankruptcy , that ’s where really economic recovery is the only — I think is the only answer .
We ’re not going to be able to do that as part of this reg reform .
Lee : Right , right .
OK , so what — this might be a little in the weeds , I do n’t know if you ’ll know this off the top of your head , but one of the debates that ’s going on in the chat is this question of , you know , you might be able to quit your credit card if they , you know , kind of do you wrong as it were , but some people are contending that that will have negative effect on your credit card score if you do so .
Goolsbee :
Well , your FICO score relates to — I mean , it ’s a complex formula — but it relates to how much debt you have .
If you cancel credit cards , that can reduce your FICO score , though you can sign up for new cards at the same time you ’re canceling old cards , and this gives you the opportunity to switch out of somebody who is engaging in abusive practices .
The thing that I ’ll just say to anybody thinking about this , I think if you contemplate it , you know you want this ability to do this , that you do n’t just get the bill — right now , remember , under this , as of yesterday — if you got your bill , they could jack up your rate and they could apply that higher rate to balances you already incurred , so you open the bill and say what in the world is this , and now they can not do that .
They ’re not allowed to raise rates on things you already , balances you already have , and if they are going to raise your rates , they got to notify you 45 days in advance .
So let ’s say you got two different cards .
If they tell you , I ’m going to raise your rates , OK , well , you know , you can choose where you ’re going to take your business and what cards you ’re going to use .
Lee :
All right , thanks , that sounds like some reasonable practical advice .
I think we ’ve got time for one more question .
I think we ’ve managed to cover kind of the most frequently asked ones , except for one , which is that some people are observing that , you know , a lot of people are now using debit cards more than credit cards , and that can come with its own kind of set of , you know , traps and what not .
Is there anything that addresses that in this bill or is that something that might be a future concern ?
Goolsbee : Look , the issue of debit cards is important .
These are really credit card rules .
There is some on debit cards , and in any consumer financial protection agency which the administration has backed , one clear point of that is to deal with — let ’s call it responses to regulation — that if we put in sensible oversight and then that leads people to shift , let ’s say you start seeing new shenanigans by companies in the area of debit cards , that we have the ability to look at those practices and say , whoa , wait a second , you know , this is abusing customers in this way or that way , I think that would be something that we would be able to take a look at .
Lee :
All right , well , again , I ’m sorry if we could n’t get to your question , as I see a new poll just opened up , but …
Goolsbee : Yeah , how are we doing in this poll ?
Lee : Well , I …
Goolsbee : Oh , no , this is a what have you experienced .
Lee :
They switched it up .
I ca n’t claim that you …
Goolsbee : Look , the thing is what this poll is , which of these have you experienced in the past year ?
My card issuer cut me , cut my credit limit , etc. , and what you can see is that a large fraction of at least the people here on this survey have experienced exactly the kinds of things that the credit card reform is going to prevent .
OK ?
So getting interest rate jack - ups on previous balances , having massive fees when you sign , having teaser rates that they give you and then you sign up , and a month later they jack the rate back up , all of that kind of thing is why we did this .
And I think if you go look at these reforms that are coming in place today , I think you will be if not pleasantly surprised , you will be happy that this is now the law of the land .
Lee :
That ’s right .
And , you know , somebody just asked if there was a good website to learn more about this .
I ’ll say there is a blog post up right now at whitehouse.gov / blog .
It will lead you to more information from the White House .
It will lead you to a USA Today piece that came out , that , you know , gives a kind of more objective — nobody is more objective than us , but objective take on what ’s in there .
And , yeah , thanks so much to CreditCards.com for , you know , helping us out with this , it ’s been a great chat , it ’s great to talk to people that are , you know , as Austan says , living with this stuff and dealing with it day to day .
And thanks , Austan , for doing it .
Goolsbee : Thanks , Jesse .
And thanks everybody for sending in questions .
See related : Credit card reform arrives in the form of the Credit CARD Act of 2009 , White House online town hall hosted by CreditCards.com
I certainly understand the anger fomented by one individual 's generous contribution to the clearly mean - spirited campaign of Proposition 8 .
But , I 'm not so sure I agree with the message being sent by gay and lesbian activists in the case of 96 - year - old Lorenzo Hoopes .
The civic - minded Oakland citizen - with more than 50 years ' experience in public service - is currently the target of gay - rights activists who say his $ 26,000 contribution in support of the 2008 ballot initiative that reversed the state 's same - sex marriage law makes him unfit to hold public office .
And to make their point , critics have launched a campaign to block his reappointment to the board of directors of the Paramount Theatre , a city - owned landmark in downtown Oakland .
On its face , the campaign to remove Hoopes from an inconsequential seat on an inconsequential public board appears to be as mean - spirited as the same - sex marriage ban itself .
Hoopes , who is Mormon , was n't on anyone 's radar screen until after the ballot initiative won voter approval in November 2008 .
Since then , his reappointment has become such a hot - button issue that Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums withdrew Hoopes ' nomination from the Oakland City Council 's agenda package this week .
A Dellums ' spokesman said the mayor wanted more time to consider the reappointment .
Given his support for same - sex marriage , Dellums will likely withdraw the Hoopes nomination , said one mayoral aide .
As mayor , Dellums has appointment power to all city boards and commissions .
Hoopes ' opponents believe that anyone who played a role as significant as he did on the ballot initiative should not be allowed to serve in any public capacity .
His contribution was the largest by any Oakland resident .
But it 's even more than that :
They want Hoopes to feel the same public humiliation felt by the gay community as the result of a vicious series of televised campaign ads paid for by people like him .
Let 's take it one step further .
Does the appointment to a public board of anyone whose personal views collide with those of same - sex marriage supporters instantly become a local referendum on same - sex marriage ?
I sure hope not .
If during Hoopes ' 20 years on the board he had expressed homophobic beliefs that clouded his ability to serve , it would be a different matter entirely .
The fact is that Hoopes , a former Safeway executive , has been an active participant in civic affairs for more than 50 years , and that record alone underscores a strong personal conviction and commitment .
" I love him , " said Leslee Stewart , the theater 's general manager , who repeated the phrase to emphasize her point .
Rebecca Kaplan , the at - large member of the City Council , and a lesbian , said she will withhold any decision about Hoopes until his name is formally presented to the council for confirmation .
The issues affecting the gay community are much broader and " far more important than any one seat on any one board , " Kaplan said .
She would rather focus on ways the theater can embrace the city 's gay community , which includes the largest lesbian population in the nation , and increase the theater 's use as an entertainment venue for all Oakland citizens .
Like 2 out of 3 Oakland voters , I voted against the same - sex marriage ban .
For me , it was because it nullified rights already conveyed on California citizens , and that was wrong .
But at the same time , I need to know that the guy next to me , who voted for it , wo n't be marginalized , ostracized or excluded because of it .
The appointment of Michael Lighty , the first openly gay member of the city port commission , on Tuesday night says a lot more about Oakland politics than the debate about Hoopes ' continued public service .
The nation 's changing culture is proof positive that Hoopes ' standard of marriage is no longer the only valid viewpoint of society 's ultimate union , but in a democracy based on individual religious and political freedoms , seeking to exclude - or completely ban - others for not sharing your politics is just as wrong .
Have you ever considered having fresh interior design for your restaurant ?
After all , it is one of the reasons why your restaurant has been able to attract masses for so many years .
It must be admitted that thus far , you have proven yourself to be a businessperson who knows what [… ]
He had a hand grenade and he was trying to throw it inside a vehicle .
He was shot dead
It 's a tiny organ that , the superstition goes , holds the secrets of the future .
When smoked and inhaled , the brain of a vulture is said to confer the gift of premonition .
To put it bluntly , most users hope to sneak a look at next week 's national lottery numbers .
Such is the demand for vulture brains to use in muti – traditional medicine – that wildlife experts fear the birds could be driven to extinction within two or three decades .
They also warn that hunting could intensify as gamblers seek an advantage when betting on the football World Cup in South Africa .
Vultures ' acute vision , and ability to find prey , has kindled a belief that they possess clairvoyant powers .
Their brains are dried and rolled into a cigarette or inhaled as vapours in the hope they will bring a vision of the future - including lottery numbers and sports results .
Andre Botha , manager of the birds of prey working group at the Endangered Wildlife Trust in South Africa , said : " People believe it 's foresight and this finds fertile ground in people 's imagination .
If it worked for the lottery , everyone would use it and we'd have a lot of millionaires walking around today .
" There is a lot of betting in South Africa .
So we may see an increase connected to gambling around the 2010 World Cup . "
A 2007 study found that 160 vultures are sold a year for muti in eastern South Africa , with the total across the region thought to be much higher .
About 1,000 are killed every year in Tanzania alone .
The birds are shot , trapped or poisoned by hunters .
One tactic is to poison an animal so the vultures that feed on the carcass themselves fall victim .
" You can have 300 or 400 converge on a poisoned carcass and all be wiped out , " Botha added .
Brains and other body parts are then sold at street markets or shops in Johannesburg and other cities .
Steve McKean , a researcher at the conservation body Ezemvelo KZN Wildlife , was quoted by South Africa 's Star newspaper : " Traditional use as it is currently happening is likely to render vultures extinct in southern Africa on its own within 20 to 30 years . "
Seven of the nine species of vulture are rated endangered .
Botha said there was demand for the bearded vulture in Eastern Cape province .
Traditional healers prefer that the bird be captured alive as the head needs to be removed while it is still living so that " the brain does not flow down into the spinal cord " and the muti loses its potency .
Progressive bloggers and activists are up in arms about White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs ’ assertion Tuesday that “ there is n’t enough political support ” to pass a public option for health care through Congress .
Asked why President Obama ’s health reform proposal , unveiled Monday , did n’t include a public option , Gibbs said , “ There are some that are supportive of this , ” evidently referring to the 23 US senators who have signed a letter urging the public option to be passed through the reconciliation process .
ADVERTISEMENT
But “ there is n’t enough political support in the majority to get this through , ” Gibbs said .
That assertion drew harsh criticism from some corners of the progressive community .
AmericaBlog ’s Joe Sudbay declared : “ The leader of the free world ca n’t wrangle up 50 votes in the Senate for a provision that polls much better than the president ’s own health care plan ?
Does n’t anyone at the White House know how to corral votes on the Hill ? ”
Sudbay was referring to a recent series of polls from Research 2000 showing the public option to be far more popular , in key battleground states , than the Senate bill , which does not include the public option and is very similar to the health reform proposal the president unveiled this week .
In bellwether Iowa , for example , 35 percent support the Senate bill , while 62 percent support the public option .
In Nevada , where Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid faces re-election this year , 34 percent support the Senate bill , while 62 percent support the public option .
‘ LOSER MENTALITY ’
ADVERTISEMENT
Some of the harshest criticism of the White House ’s stand came from Adam Green , co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign , who was quoted at Huffington Post as saying Gibbs ’ declaration proved that a “ loser mentality ” had seized the Obama administration .
The White House obviously has a loser mentality — but America rallies around winners .
Polls show that in state after state , voters hate the Senate bill and overwhelmingly want a public option , even if passed with zero Republican votes . …
That ’s why Democrats in Congress should ignore the White House and follow those like Chuck Schumer and Robert Menendez who know that the public option is a political and policy winner .
Robert Menendez ( D - NJ ) and Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) are among 23 US senators who have signed a letter to the Democratic leadership urging them to pass the public option through reconciliation .
ADVERTISEMENT
Reconciliation , usually reserved for budget measures , would allow lawmakers to overcome a Republican filibuster and pass health reform with 51 votes , instead of the 60 needed under a filibuster .
But The Hill notes that “ putting their full support behind a public option could be a risky bet for Reid and the White House without knowing for sure whether or not they have 51 senators who would vote for the plan . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
With the addition of Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D - HI ) Tuesday , there are now 23 Senate Democrats who are publicly voicing support for passing the public option through reconciliation .
That is well short of the 51 votes needed to pass the measure .
But Sen. Menendez told MSNBC
Tuesday that he expects many more Democrats to sign on .
“ There is a lot more people who I believe will join , ” Menendez said , as quoted at The Hill .
“ When you get to a certain number , there is a tipping point and people who may have felt like it ’s not possible may feel it ’s possible . ”
Yet the White House ’s comments may have taken a bite out of some of that momentum .
An aide to the Democratic Senate leadership told TalkingPoints Memo last week that , in order to get the 50 votes needed , the effort would “ need a big push from the White House . ”
And the White House ’s efforts on the public option so far , the aide said , have been “ circumspect . ”
( Originally posted on Daily Kos . )
Yesterday , a task force appointed by New York governor David Paterson issued its report on the state 's juvenile justice system .
The report acknowledges the findings of the ACLU 's 2006 report , Custody and Control — which documents the abuse and neglect of girls incarcerated in New York — and calls for radical changes in how New York responds to delinquency .
The task force 's report is right on target , especially when it prescribes diverting troubled kids away from state lockups and into community - based alternatives to incarceration .
Through decades of work combating the abuse of adult and child prisoners , we at the ACLU have seen first - hand the massive over - incarceration happening across the country .
We 've also seen again and again that in any prison - like setting — whenever there is a keeper and a kept — there is inevitably abuse .
The second key recommendation in the governor 's report is that the state 's youth prisons scrap their punitive model of juvenile corrections in favor of a more effective therapeutic approach .
The third is that an independent watchdog agency should be created to police the youth prison system .
We agree that rehabilitation and oversight are vital .
Abuse thrives in darkness , and to curtail abuse , there must always be people standing outside the youth prison system shining a light inside .
Such an honest assessment is a necessary , though not sufficient , step for change .
If the governor and the agency can translate the report 's recommendations into reality , the future will be a lot brighter for New York 's most vulnerable kids .
But the report is n't perfect .
It falls down when it mentions what 's happening inside New York 's youth prisons now , calling reports that excessive physical force is used against children the " most disturbing " of such revelations .
In reality , while the physical abuse of children by the state is indeed horrific , a less visually dramatic form of abuse — solitary confinement — is happening in New York and elsewhere , and damages kids just as much .
Although the national consciousness that isolation can amount to torture is growing , few people know that it is not just adult prisoners , but also children , who are routinely subjected to solitary confinement .
In 2006 , we documented New York 's punitive and administrative isolation of girls — " room confinement " is the local euphemism — and the damage it inflicts .
One incarcerated girl said in a written complaint that when she was forced to stay alone in a cell for a long period of time , she " begins to think about what her stepfather did to her . "
Another said that prolonged individual confinement made her think " about cutting herself . "
The vast majority of girls in the system have histories of serious abuse .
What they need to get their lives together is compassionate intervention by responsible adults , not hours , days , or longer in a bare cell .
Our investigations in other states have unearthed similar practices .
Child prisons in Texas maintain whole units and a separate cadre of staff dedicated to solitary confinement — they call it their " security program . "
Children there report being sent to isolation for rule violations as minor as talking out of turn .
Girls in particular are also subjected to isolation in response to self - harm , such as self - cutting or expressing suicidal thoughts .
It 's hard to imagine a more destructive reaction to a child in crisis , but it 's the norm .
Our investigation of Puerto Rico 's girls prison found similar abuses .
Girls reported being subjected to solitary confinement under conditions of extreme cold for misbehavior committed by themselves or others , and for self - harm .
Girls who hurt themselves are singled out for especially brutal treatment : they are stripped of their clothing and left in an extremely cold and bare isolation cell wearing nothing more than a paper gown .
Describing confinement in a cell where she could n't talk to anyone , one girl said that such conditions " te ponen loca " ( drive you crazy ) .
A century and a half ago , Charles Dickens found isolation 's " slow and daily tampering with the mysteries of the brain , to be immeasurably worse than any torture of the body . "
He called isolation " a secret punishment which slumbering humanity is not roused up to stay . "
It is time to rouse ourselves in opposition to the solitary confinement of children , by exposing this " secret punishment " in all its guises and by banning it from our child prisons .
Mie is the author of Custody and Control , Conditions of Confinement in New York 's Juvenile Prisons for Girls .
} It was a cold night in a bleak February .
I sat behind my desk ,
} wondering if I could tell the landlord that his check had been lost in
} alt.humor.oracle when my sidekick Zadoc made a typo on the header ,
} replacing ' rec ' with ' alt ' .
My Scotch bottle in the top filing cabinet
} drawer was no longer a quarter full , but three quarters empty .
In
} short , I was in a mood noir .
I needed a case , preferably a high paying
} one brought to me by a voluptuous brunette widow in a tight black
} dress .
}
} Suddenly there was a rustling down the hall , and the distinct
} click - click of high heeled shoes .
I pulled my finger out of where it
} had been an assumed the relaxed , somewhat bored pose of a great , but
} unappreciated , detective , and waited for her to make her entrance .
But
} I was to be disappointed .
Instead of the gentle feminine tapping on
} the glass emblazoned : " EVITCETED ETAVIRP , ELCARO .I " which was in the
} script , a small slip of paper was thrust under the door instead .
I
} caught barely a glimpse of the messenger , but from that brief glimpse
} of fur , I knew the worst : it was unmistakably a dreaded 5 ' 8 " brunette
} woodchuck in high heeled shoes and a tight black dress .
}
} I was n't going to get paid for this one .
}
} Reluctantly , I went to retrieve the slip of paper .
It was the wrapper
} from a stick of Big Red , the favored chewing gum of R.O.U.S. ( Rodents
} Of Unusual Size ) .
Unfolding it , I deciphered the inelegant scrawl :
}
} > Hey , hey , bye , bye
} > The Oracle will never die
} > Do n't mention woodchucks , or you will fry
} > Hey , hey , bye , bye
}
} A death threat !
To state that the Oracle would never die , but to then
} encapsulate it with " Bye , bye " merely begs the question :
When would I
} die ?
The answer was also in the message :
If I mentioned woodchucks .
} The plot was becoming clear .
Crazy Marvin ( the giant woodchuck ) and
} his gang of R.O.U.S. were back in town , and they wanted me to stay mum .
} If I did n't , they 'd off me .
This was just their friendly way of
} letting me know .
The brunette had been Marvin 's squeeze , Matilda .
At
} least if he had n't chucked her for a new one by this time .
}
} There was one thing they did n't have to worry about .
The pigs would
} not get word one out of me .
It is not that I am adverse to answering
} questions , but pigs just do n't know how to grovel .
You would think
} that they would be great at it , spending all that time rooting about in
} the mud like they do , but they get huffy about stereotyping , and refuse
} to do it when even the most token grovel is called for .
}
} Where was I ? Yeah , Crazy Marvin and his band of R.O.U.S.
I 'd had
} dealings with them before .
While I would n't go squealing to the pigs ,
} I also could n't let them go about their nasty business unopposed .
The
} question was , where would a crazy woodchuck and his gang go about their
} nefarious business ?
I had a hunch .
}
} ( cut to scene of a snow - covered lumber yard , at night .
It 's a cold
} night in February , remember ? )
}
} Following the sound of lumber dropping on a metal surface , I looked
} around the pile of uncut logs .
Marvin 's gang were handing him two by
} fours , and he was throwing them into a rusted pickup that they had
} parked on the other side of a chain link fence .
I began to count .
} When Marvin was finished , I had counted forty two by fours chucked into
} the pickup .
Plus the two I had heard land before my arrival , I had the
} answer .
A crazy giant woodchuck , assisted by a gang of R.O.U.S. , on a
} cold , dark night in February , would chuck forty - two two by fours into
} the back of a pickup truck on the other side of a chain link fence , if
} he could .
Armed with this knowledge , I made my move .
}
} " Give it up , Marvin .
The games over , " I said , stepping into the open .
}
} They all turned towards me , trying to conceal their terror with
} bluster .
Marvin spoke up .
" Well if it is n't Mr. I. Oracle , out
} minding other people 's business .
I thought we told you to stay out of
} this . "
The gang gathered around me , menacingly .
Mickey , the giant rat ,
} began to take off his lily - white gloves .
It was well known that he
} always takes off his gloves before he does you ; that 's why they 're
} still white .
Marvin went on , " What made you think you could take on
} the whole R.O.U.S. gang ?
I always pegged you as the prudent ,
} omniscient type .
Yet as I count it , there is one of you , and six of us .
} What is to stop us from turning you into Oracle salad , an no one being
} any the wiser ? "
( In fact , there were seven of them , but Marvin had
} never been known for his higher math skills .
Higher than three , that
} is . )
}
} " Just one thing , " I responded nonchalantly .
" You see , I 've been
} watching you for a while now , so now I know the answer to the woodchuck
} question .
If you do me , I 'll see that all my incarnations go and answer
} that backlog of woodchuck questions we have sitting on the ' ZOT ' pile .
} You will be through , Marvin .
Over .
Out of the wood chucking business
} once and for all .
I mean , really , forty - two ?
You will be a laughing
} stock among rodentia everywhere . "
}
} As I spoke , Marvin 's furry face grew paler and paler .
" What do you
} want me ta do ? " he begged .
}
} " Put the wood back and get outta town .
I never want to see our furry
} snout around here again . "
}
} That was it .
A few word from Marvin , and the whole gang was unchucking
} those two by fours faster than you could say " marmot . "
Matilda tried
} to give me the eye .
I guess after a night like that , she wanted to
} chuck Marvin , and who could blame her ?
But she was n't my species , so I
} pretended not to notice .
Ten minutes later , they were long gone , and
} all I had to worry about was how I was going to pay the rent and how to
} get the snow out of my boots .
But my mood had changed , and I figured
} that my dame , Lisa , would have some thoughts about the latter problem ,
} so I headed to her place .
} ----
}
} You owe the Oracle an excuse for his landlord .
By Rupert Wingfield - Hayes
BBC News , Moscow
About 90 % of the world 's heroin supply originates in Afghanistan
The head of Russia 's federal drug control agency has accused Nato of not doing enough to curb the production of heroin in Afghanistan .
Victor Ivanov said at least 30,000 people died in Russia every year from heroin , 90 % of it from Afghanistan .
He blamed the Obama administration for ending a military drive to destroy opium poppy crops in Afghan fields .
The US said the practice was alienating farmers and driving them to support the Taliban .
This is not the first time Mr Ivanov has lambasted Nato for failing to stamp out drug production in Afghanistan .
He said leaving poppy fields guaranteed immunity for drug producers .
Russia says the consequence has been a flood of cheap heroin in to Central Asia and Russia .
Mr Ivanov said drug production in Afghanistan was now a global destabilising factor , particularly for Russia .
Russia is believed to have around five million drug addicts , half of whom are addicted to heroin .
Obese Children Twice as Likely to Die Before 55 Obesity in children may pave the way for an earlier death , researchers warn .
Feb. 11 , 2010  --
Obesity in children may pave the way to an early grave , a new study in the New England Journal of Medicine finds .
The study , published Wednesday , followed nearly 5,000 American Indian children from childhood to middle age and found that those who were obese as children were more than twice as likely to die from disease before the age of 55 .
This is the first large study to confirm that childhood obesity is a risk factor for long - term complications , though that is something experts have suspected for years .
Previously , research has only been able to show associations between early death and childhood obesity , said Dr. Nicholas Stettler , a pediatrician who specializes in nutrition and epidemiology at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
But this study is more powerful , he said , because it further confirms a direct relationship between childhood obesity and long - term health complications .
In the study , children were measured for body mass index ( BMI ) , blood pressure , cholesterol and blood glucose from age 11 onward .
High BMI and blood glucose levels were the strongest predictors of early death -- children with the highest BMI had double the risk of dying early when compared to those in the lower end of the BMI spectrum .
While the study was done in Pima Indians who were children 20 to 30 years ago , the rate of obesity for this population was similar to the high rate of obesity in American children today , a similarity that some doctors fear might mean an increased incidence of early death in the future .
" This population was ahead of the curve and allows us to look at risk factors in obesity during childhood because they 've been carefully followed over time , " Stettler said .
But there are aspects of the Pima population that may have exaggerated these results , said Dr. Lakshmi Atkuri , a pediatrician at Scott & White Hospital in Round Rock , Texas .
As a group these children are shorter ( and hence have a higher BMI ) and tend to have higher rates of alcoholism as adults , she said .
" The study population had a death rate twice that of the U.S. population at large , " she added , suggesting that they may not be representative of American children today .
However , study author Dr. Paul Franks said the Pima most likely are representative of populations at increased risk for obesity today , such as poor African Americans and Hispanics .
Several experts said they agree with this comparison , noting that given the high burden of obesity and cardiovascular disease in these populations , this study further emphasizes the need for community - wide initiatives to prevent childhood obesity in the first place .
Early Action May Save Kids from an Early Grave
As past attempts at fighting obesity have shown , tackling this problem is going to take a lot more than telling kids to eat right and exercise .
Most strategies to prevent childhood obesity have focused on individual behavior changes , said Dr. George Flores , senior program officer at the California Endowment , and these have had little success .
Children 's habits are influenced by many factors , he says , including availability of fast food and soda , inadequate access to healthy food options in the neighborhood , and too few safe places , such as parks and recreational facilities , in which to play and exercise .
For these types of systemic issues , he said , public policy has to change .
To fight the childhood obesity epidemic , such initiatives as removing soda and junk food from schools , requiring physical education in schools and afterschool programs , and redesigning neighborhoods to encourage walking , biking and playing are necessary .
Adults lay down the trajectory of their health in childhood , said Dr. Michael Rosenbaum , pediatrician and co-director of the Naomi Berrie Diabetes Center at Columbia University .
" The heart attack or stroke that one has at age 50 is in most cases somewhat of a reflection of every moment that one ate , slept , smoked , and exercised -- or did n't exercise -- before then , " he said .
Some of the damage done early on , such as the buildup of plaque in the arteries , is n't reversible , Stettler said , so changing our eating and exercising culture needs to happen early .
" We should n't ignore things that we can influence today , " Stettler said .
" We should address them now , which is why Michelle Obama 's new initiative is very important . "
The first lady 's " Let 's Move " campaign to curb childhood obesity is an effort to address these endemic forces on a societal level .
" We want to eliminate this problem of childhood obesity in a generation , " the first lady told " Good Morning America 's " Robin Roberts Tuesday .
" We want our kids to face a different and more optimistic future in terms of their lifespan . "
Los Alamos National Lab's history of security and safety woes is long and well - documented .
But even by the shoddy standards of the notoriously - lax birthplace of the atomic bomb , this latest incident is a whopper .
Last week , " researchers accidentally blew a building apart ... while testing a gun which acts like a Civil War cannon , " the watchdogs at the Project on Government Oversight note .
" While no one was hurt , sources advise POGO that there was over $ 3 million in damage to property . "
A little after 3 pm local time on December 16th , " researchers heard a loud unusual noise from Technical Area 15 , Building 562 after firing a shot from a large - bore powder gun , " according to a Lab " Occurrence Report . "
" About twenty minutes later , the research conducted surveillance outside [ the building ] and observed that " two doors had been blown off the facility and concrete shielding blocks on the west and the east side of the building were separated from the wall . "
Nobody was hurt .
But it is another black eye for Los Alamos , which constantly seems on the cusp of credibility – only to fall back into the abyss .
Talk about shooting yourself in the foot .
UPDATE : " Despite claims to the contrary , the only thing ' demolished ' in this case was POGO 's credibility .
No building at Los Alamos was destroyed in this incident and any suggestion otherwise is the sort of irresponsible hyperbole we 've come to expect from this group , " National Nuclear Security Administration spokesman Damien LaVera e-mails Danger Room .
Here are the facts :
On December 16 , Los Alamos conducted a standard proof test on a new design for a catch tank in the target chamber for one of our large bore powder guns ( LBPG ) .
These types of experiments are routine and responsible .
The LBPG is used to conduct measurements of material properties at pressures needed for understanding nuclear weapons performance .
During this particular test , unexpected explosive damage occurred and , because that damage could result in $ 1 million in damages , an investigation was automatically triggered .
That investigation will seek to identify the cause of the incident and any changes in procedures that might be required .
NNSA , Los Alamos , and all of our facilities take their commitment to safety very seriously .
It is important to note that no personnel were injured from this event , no hazardous or radioactive materials were involved , and that lab 's incident response mechanisms appear to have performed as intended . "
[ Photo : Noah Shachtman ]
ALSO :
Scientists have zeroed in on one apparent key to long life : an inherited cellular repair mechanism that thwarts aging and perhaps helps prevent disease .
Researches say the finding could lead to anti-aging drugs .
The study involves telomeres , the ends of chromosomes that have been likened to the plastic tips that prevent shoelaces from unraveling .
Telomeres were already known to play a key role in aging , and their discovery led to this year 's Nobel Prize in medicine .
The new study , which focused on Ashkenazi Jews , finds those who lived the longest had inherited a hyperactive version of an enzyme called telomerase that rebuilds telomeres .
In effect , centenarians tend to have a top - notch body mechanic at work 24/7 repairing the hardware that runs the body , versus a normal person whose body 's cellular control center is left to wear out with time .
" Humans of exceptional longevity are better able to maintain the length of their telomeres , " said Yousin Suh , associate professor of medicine and of genetics at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University .
" And we found that they owe their longevity , at least in part , to advantageous variants of genes involved in telomere maintenance . "
The results are detailed this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Telomeres are short bits of specialized DNA that cap the chromosomes , which tell a cell what to do .
Over time , cells divide over and over to keep the body alive .
But with each cell division , telomeres get shorter .
When they become too short , the cell stops dividing and lapses into a state called cell senescence .
Vital tissues are no longer produced , and organs start to fail .
All this was known , and telomeres have been a focus of anti-aging research for years .
However , no silver bullets have been discovered to increase the average lifespan .
In the new study , Suh and colleagues studied Ashkenazi Jews , a homogeneous population whose genetics are well - studied .
Three groups were part of the research : A very old ( average age 97 ) but healthy group of 86 people ; 175 of their offspring ; and a control group of 93 offspring of parents who lived a normal lifespan .
" Our research was meant to answer two questions , " explained said Einstein researcher Gil Atzmon in a statement .
" Do people who live long lives tend to have long telomeres ?
And if so , could variations in their genes that code for telomerase account for their long telomeres ? "
" Yes " on both accounts , the scientists conclude .
The old crowd had " inherited mutant genes that make their telomerase - making system extra active and able to maintain telomere length more effectively , " the researchers write .
" For the most part , these people were spared age - related diseases such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes , which cause most deaths among elderly people . "
" Our findings suggest that telomere length and variants of telomerase genes combine to help people live very long lives , perhaps by protecting them from the diseases of old age , " Suh said .
" We 're now trying to understand the mechanism by which these genetic variants of telomerase maintain telomere length in centenarians .
Ultimately , it may be possible to develop drugs that mimic the telomerase that our centenarians have been blessed with . "
P.C. Vey
NOT too long ago , a magazine in Manhattan invited me , by e-mail , to interview for a job .
After meeting with me , the managing editor and the director of human resources asked me to take home the standard editing test and return it ASAP .
I dutifully obliged .
And then I waited .
One day .
Two days .
A week .
A month .
Two months .
Three … well , you get the picture .
Complaint Box Got a Gripe ?
Get a grip .
Send your rant — no more than 500 words , please — to : metropolitan@nytimes.com .
Not only was there no word on whether I would be offered the job — nobody at the magazine even bothered to e-mail me to say that my completed test had been received !
Back in the good old days , people used to duck your phone calls .
Or just not return them .
But in this , the electronic era , a whole new brand of disdain has come into vogue .
The age of the e-snub is upon us .
I have grown weary of this kind of “ dissing . ”
People who seem to go blind , mute and limp when all you are seeking are a few keystrokes in reply .
Prospective employers whose computers appear to crash when asked to give something resembling a definitive answer , one way or the other .
Annoying e-mail messages plague all of us , but those of a more legitimate nature are surely deserving of a simple reply .
Unfortunately , basic e-courtesy is in short supply .
So , having been burned in the past by e-boors , I decided that enough was enough .
The magazine had left me in limbo .
I was going to have my revenge .
Sitting down at my computer one morning , I e-mailed the managing editor to say that I had happily accepted the job .
More specifically , I wrote that I was “ delighted to learn that I will be joining the editorial team ! ”
I went on to say that “ the salary and vacation are fine and I will report for duty bright and early Monday morning . ”
Whereupon , after the prolonged cold shoulder I had received , I was immediately bombarded with urgent e-mail messages , accompanied by the online equivalent of bells and whistles — the red exclamation point .
Urgent messages were left on my answering machine , demanding that I call Human Resources at once .
It was just too delicious .
When I finally did call back , the H.R. director was beside herself .
“ Who authorized this ? ” she demanded breathlessly .
“ Who was it that told you ?
There must have been some mistake .
Nobody cleared this with me .
I do n’t get it . ”
“ Well , ” I said sweetly , “ I spoke to the editor in chief and he told me I ’ve been hired , so I ’ll be there first thing Monday .
And , let me tell you , I am truly excited about joining your team ! ”
“ But … but … but … ” she sputtered .
Finally , I let the cat out of the bag .
“ Listen , lady , ” I told her , “ when you ask someone to come in for an interview , take a test and physically return it to you , and you ca n’t be bothered after three months to let that person know where he or she stands , much less acknowledge even receiving the test back , you are nothing but rude , thoughtless , unprofessional amateurs . ”
Huffily , she started to give me the stock speech about “ our hiring procedures , ” until I abruptly cut her off with the appropriate barnyard epithet .
Then I barked : “ Do you get it now ?
Well , do you ? ”
Meekly , she conceded , “ Yes , I get it . ”
No , I did not get the job .
But there have been other satisfactions — most notably , the kudos of other slighted job seekers when I relate the tale .
Having been subjected to similar indignities , they tell me they love it , absolutely love it .
In fact , it ’s been something on the order of a collective cheer .
Neal Hirschfeld , who lives in Greenwich Village and Portland , Ore. , co-authored a book coming out in December with Louis Diaz , a federal undercover agent , called “ Dancing With the Devil ” ( Pocket Books ) .
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger gestures as he speaks during an appearance on ABC's This Week in Washington , February 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Fred Watkins / This Week / Handout
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Arnold Schwarzenegger , California ’s Republican governor , defended Democratic President Barack Obama ’s stimulus plan on Sunday , saying 150,000 new jobs were created in his state thanks to the legislation .
At a conservative gathering in Washington this week , former presidential candidate Mitt Romney blasted the $ 787 billion stimulus bill and asserted it did not create any new jobs .
The California governor , asked about the comments on the ABC news program “ This Week , ” said many Republican politicians were railing against the program while seeking stimulus funds for their own districts .
“ You have a lot of the Republicans running around and pushing back on the stimulus money and saying this does n’t create any new jobs , ” Schwarzenegger said .
“ Then they go out and they do the photo ops and they are posing with the big check and they say ‘ Is n’t this great ? ’ ”
The Obama administration says the stimulus has saved or created as many as 2 million jobs .
Private economists widely agree that it staved off a far deeper economic contraction .
State governors are in Washington this week for their annual gathering and will meet Obama on Monday as both parties gear up for congressional elections in November .
“ It ’s kind of politics , ” Schwarzenegger said of the claims by Republicans that no jobs flowed from the stimulus program .
He said teaching and infrastructure - related jobs were among those created in California .
If you see a student dozing in the library or a co-worker catching 40 winks in her cubicle , do n’t roll your eyes .
New research from the University of California , Berkeley , shows that an hour ’s nap can dramatically boost and restore your brain power .
Indeed , the findings suggest that a biphasic sleep schedule not only refreshes the mind , but can make you smarter .
Conversely , the more hours we spend awake , the more sluggish our minds become , according to the findings .
The results support previous data from the same research team that pulling an all - nighter — a common practice at college during midterms and finals — decreases the ability to cram in new facts by nearly 40 percent , due to a shutdown of brain regions during sleep deprivation .
“ Sleep not only rights the wrong of prolonged wakefulness but , at a neurocognitive level , it moves you beyond where you were before you took a nap , ” said Matthew Walker , an assistant professor of psychology at UC Berkeley and the lead investigator of these studies .
In the recent UC Berkeley sleep study , 39 healthy young adults were divided into two groups — nap and no-nap .
At noon , all the participants were subjected to a rigorous learning task intended to tax the hippocampus , a region of the brain that helps store fact - based memories .
Both groups performed at comparable levels .
At 2 p.m. , the nap group took a 90 - minute siesta while the no-nap group stayed awake .
Later that day , at 6 p.m. , participants performed a new round of learning exercises .
Those who remained awake throughout the day became worse at learning .
In contrast , those who napped did markedly better and actually improved in their capacity to learn .
These findings reinforce the researchers ’ hypothesis that sleep is needed to clear the brain ’s short - term memory storage and make room for new information , said Walker , who presented his preliminary findings on Sunday , Feb. 21 , at the annual meeting of the American Association of the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) in San Diego , Calif .
Since 2007 , Walker and other sleep researchers have established that fact - based memories are temporarily stored in the hippocampus before being sent to the brain ’s prefrontal cortex , which may have more storage space .
“ It ’s as though the e-mail inbox in your hippocampus is full and , until you sleep and clear out those fact e-mails , you ’re not going to receive any more mail .
It ’s just going to bounce until you sleep and move it into another folder , ” Walker said .
In the latest study , Walker and his team have broken new ground in discovering that this memory - refreshing process occurs when nappers are engaged in a specific stage of sleep .
Electroencephalogram tests , which measure electrical activity in the brain , indicated that this refreshing of memory capacity is related to Stage 2 non-REM sleep , which takes place between deep sleep ( non - REM ) and the dream state known as Rapid Eye Movement ( REM ) .
Previously , the purpose of this stage was unclear , but the new results offer evidence as to why humans spend at least half their sleeping hours in Stage 2 , non-REM , Walker said .
“ I ca n’t imagine Mother Nature would have us spend 50 percent of the night going from one sleep stage to another for no reason , ” Walker said .
“ Sleep is sophisticated .
It acts locally to give us what we need . ”
Walker and his team will go on to investigate whether the reduction of sleep experienced by people as they get older is related to the documented decrease in our ability to learn as we age .
Finding that link may be helpful in understanding such neurodegenerative conditions as Alzheimer ’s disease , Walker said .
In addition to Walker , co-investigators of these new findings are UC Berkeley post - doctoral fellow Bryce A. Mander and psychology undergraduate Sangeetha Santhanam .
Most medical marijuana backers are up in arms about the weed rules passed by Denver City Council last night -- including attorney Rob Corry , who says he may form a coalition to sue over the regulations .
But Matt Brown , head of Coloradans for Medical Marijuana Regulations , who was profiled in this space last month , has a much more measured response to the new edicts .
" If we view the rules passed as a starting point and a very clear indication of what the rules will be on March 1 , I think they 're pretty fair , " he says , adding , " I think Denver did a difficult job of getting in front of the issue instead of opting for a moratorium . "
Not that Brown , who attended and spoke at the council session , backs every aspect of the Denver plan .
" I think there are still some details that need to be worked out before they go into effect , " Brown concedes .
" And this issue is n't over .
That 's part of my message .
It 's not like the Great Weed Bill of 2010 is done .
This will be a continuing process -- but I think they did a very good job of touching on the right things to address . "
Among his quibbles : the requirement for a 1,000 foot distance between dispensaries from schools , day - care centers and each other -- a policy that Corry sees as legally vulnerable .
Brown 's take ?
" I felt we would probably see some buffers around schools , " he says .
" In the industry , we generally do n't think it 's necessary , so there 's a sense that they 're almost a punishment -- a restriction to deal with and put up with .
After all , you have to be a patient to walk through the door , and the whole argument that it 's too close to X , Y or Z is just not borne out by reality . "
Moreover , " when you include public and private schools and licensed day - care centers , it gets us a little too close to zoning dispensaries out of existence . "
Yet , Brown goes on , " I do think we need to be realistic , and even though the 1,000 foot buffer is by no means a standard , it seems pretty livable , especially as a starting point . "
He feels much the same about a prohibition against ex-felons holding certain positions in the industry -- another bugaboo for Corry .
" I certainly see Rob 's point , " Brown says .
" But again , I think this is an issue we 'll have to watch play out over the next couple of months .
My general opinion is , whatever the rules are for qualification , particularly as it applies to background checks , they only apply to top managers or owners with more than 10 percent of the shares in the business .
So it 's not like no one with any kind of felony record could work there .
" The proposals are a pretty good starting point , but we have to make sure there 's an appeals process , understanding that there will be people with whatever prior record or history who are ready to make their case publicly -- to show that they 've been rehabilitated and want to be a productive member of society .
There should n't be a bright - line rule where if you fail , you 're out , and there 's no process where you can appeal . "
Of course , all that 's contingent on the state legislature not passing the sort of bill favored by Colorado Attorney General John Suthers , which would limit the number of patients per caregiver to five , essentially outlawing dispensaries .
That prospect worries Brown .
" If we were to vote tomorrow on what we presume to be the Suthers bill , I do n't think there 's anything close to the votes needed to pass it right away , " he maintains .
" That said , this is a very legitimate concern , and the first challenge we have to face at the state level .
The ball is in our court to officially and once and for all put down this five - patient - cap idea .
We need to roundly reject it as simply not being in the best interest of our patients and then either bring in the most recent draft of Senator Romer 's bill or have something else introduced that we can use as a starting point . "
Granted , Senator Chris Romer has now backed away from his own bill -- a move that he blames in part on the intractability of the medical marijuana community .
Brown does n't dismiss this supposition out of hand .
" At this point , we have to decide if we 're looking for some form of regulated dispensary model , or will the approach be to shut us down and run us out , " he says .
" The five - patient model shuts us down and runs us out -- but assuming we can move beyond that fairly quickly , I think everything else is back on the table , including some aspects of the Romer proposal .
Now , we as an industry were n't able to put some wind behind Romer 's proposal , and we were n't speaking with a solid , cohesive voice .
This is one of the repercussions of not being together as an industry a month or two ago . "
Brown concedes that some of his peers will never agree to regulation of the sort Romer proposed ; he refers to them as " outliers . "
However , " a bigger challenge will be to find people who really do have an interest in proper regulations and creating an industry consensus that will move us forward and treat us like any other business . "
If the Denver City Council rules do n't quite fit this definition , Brown sees promise in them as long as " they do n't turn into a backhanded way of shutting people down , but are a recognition that it 's a very fluid process .
We need to continue the dialogue , clarifying things and putting in a best faith effort . "
If things move forward in this way , he concludes , " I do think we see a very strong set of regulations for Denver . "
You spent good money on that huge library of VHS tapes , but now DVDs are where it 's at .
If you decide to get rid of the tapes , hang on to their boxes and repurpose them to make these wicked spiral notebooks .
Advertisement
Instructables has a great step - by - step tutorial on how to create the coolest spiral - bound notepads around .
If you have basic supplies like a hole punch , ruler , and pliers , then pretty much all you 'll need to spring for is a few pre-made spiral - bound notebooks from the office supply store ( unless you happen to have a binding machine stashed somewhere ) .
Grab the store - bought notebook , pry open the crimped ends , and carefully unwind the spiral that 's holding the pages together .
Use the notebook cover you just freed as a template for cutting your VHS box to the correct size .
Take the old cover or back of the notebook ( hereafter " template " ) and lay it on the box cover or back on the non-printed side .
Line up the edges of the template and the box piece so that the hole edges are flush .
Tape the two together temporarily if necessary .
Now use the pencil to mark all of the holes you will make .
Make a mark around the entire circumference of the circle , not just a single dot .
When done remove the template .
Advertisement
The Instructables post will tell you everything you need to know about reassembling the notebook and more .
The next time you have a couple hours to spare , grab the covers from your favorite VHS movies , put a few of these bad boys together for your next class or work seminar , and let your fan flag fly .
VHS Spiral Bound Notebook [ Instructables ]
COLUMBUS , Ohio —
“ I ’m tired of rallies .
I want to fight ! ”
So said Tim Burga , operations director of the Ohio AFL - CIO , addressing the hundreds who had braved the cold Feb. 20 to attend a “ Pass It Now ” rally for health care reform at the SEIU Local 1199 hall here .
There was a sense of real urgency in the hall , as speaker after speaker pounded on the point that , as Brian Rothenberg of Progress Ohio stated , “ We now have 6 weeks to win the fight our people have been fighting since the Truman administration : health care for all ! ”
Becky Williams , president of SEIU , 1199 , was interrupted by loud cheers as she led off the rally , telling the crowd , “ We have three things to tell the administration and the majority in congress .
“ One — we worked for and voted for change last year .
That means actually changing what was there when you got there .
“ Two — we need for you to lead with courage , not be intimidated by Fox News and Teabaggers .
“ Three , do n’t be fooled by lies ! ” she said .
“ If you do these things we ’ll be with you , and the 66 % of Americans who , according to polls are demanding that health care reform be passed . ”
Williams went on to point out that “ pundits are talking about bipartisanship , but over 40 % of that 66 % supporting reform are Republicans .
While the national media talks , 44,000 Americans lost health care last week and that many will be dropped next week , and every week until we win this fight , ” she said .
“ Four hundred twenty one of our friends , neighbors died last week for not having access to health care , and that will continue , as well . ”
Besides SEIU and the Ohio AFL - CIO , a wide list of sponsors were announced for the rally , including the Alliance of Retired Americans , UFCW , Ohio Faith & Justice Collective , Health Care for America Now , Planned Parenthood , UHCAN , Jobs with Justice & Ohio Consumers for Health Care .
Speakers included Ohio House Reps. Mary Harris and Ted Celeste , both Democrats , and , in a show of unity , both Democratic Senatorial candidates , Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner and Lt. Governor Lee Fisher .
Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown addressed the rally by video from Washington .
“ We are fighting now at a time of great crisis .
Eight hundred thousand Californians are facing massive rate increases this week from the profit - bloated insurance industry .
Thousands of Americans are , literally , dying each year due to the continued inhuman rationing of health care in our nation .
We ca n’t give up and let others die because the fight is tough , ” he said .
“ If we keep up the fight , we ’ll win ! ”
AFL - CIO ’s Burga also slammed the insurance industry , stating that the health care system today is “ corporate socialism ! ”
“ Instead of public monies going for the common good , this is socialism for the rich .
Our tax money is going to support these wealthy companies , in the form of tax breaks , public aid for research and development , all the while our people are starved .
They , ” he said , to loud cheers , “ just have no shame ! ”
“ We ’ve been horribly frustrated , ” said retired steelworker and SOAR member Ron Wharton , “ but we have to push to win some type of health care reform or else it ’ll just get put off another 15 - 20 years .
We ca n’t let that happen .
That ’s why we attended the rally . ”
That same point was made by Cathy Levine of UHCAN & Ohio Consumers for Health Care , as she told the crowd , “ Do n’t believe those that tell you that its all OK and we ’ll just go back to the beginning and get a better bill if this one is defeated , it ’s just not true !
If we do n’t win now , it may very well be a long time before another congress has the courage to take this on ! ”
Rev. Tim Ahrens , highly respected pastor of First Congregational Church in Columbus , closed the event with an emotional appeal to “ stand together and do n’t give up the struggle . ”
He spoke of now being the time of Lent , and how that is a time of renewal , for springtime and a better new time coming .
He closed with the following quote ; “ I can feel the suffering of millions .
Yet , if I look to the heavens , I think that it will all come out right , that the cruelty , too , will end and that peace , justice and tranquility will return again .
In the meantime , I must uphold my ideals , for perhaps the time will come when I can carry them out . ”
There were many moist eyes in the hall as he announced the author of the quote to be Anne Frank !
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/progressohio/
/ CC BY 2.0
' 'A warm bed – approximately 20 to 24 degrees Celsius – is a good way to start this process whereas a cold bed would inhibit sleep .
Holiday
Inn's new bed warmers service should help people achieve a good night 's sleep especially as it's taking much longer for them to warm up when they come in from the snow . ''
[ / caption ]
Why do some of the supermassive black holes in active galactic nuclei create back - to - back jets that can vaporize entire solar systems , while others have no jets at all ?
Dan Evans , a postdoctoral researcher at MIT Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research ( MKI ) thinks he knows why ; it ’s because the jet - producing supermassive black holes are spinning backwards , relative to their accretion disks .
For two years , Evans has been comparing several dozen galaxies whose black holes host powerful jets ( these galaxies are known as radio - loud active galactic nuclei , or AGN , and are often DRAGNs – double radio source associated with galactic nucleus ) to those galaxies with supermassive black holes that do not eject jets .
All black holes – those with and without jets – feature accretion disks , the clumps of dust and gas rotating just outside the event horizon .
By examining the light reflected in the accretion disk of an AGN black hole , he concluded that jets may form right outside black holes that have a retrograde spin – or which spin in the opposite direction from their accretion disk .
Although Evans and a colleague recently hypothesized that the gravitational effects of black hole spin may have something to do with why some have jets , Evans now has observational results to support the theory in a paper published in the Feb. 10 issue of the Astrophysical Journal .
Although Evans has suspected for nearly five years that retrograde black holes with jets are missing the innermost portion of their accretion disk , it was n’t until last year that computational advances meant that he could analyze data collected between late 2007 and early 2008 by the Suzaku observatory , a Japanese satellite launched in 2005 with collaboration from NASA , to provide an example to support the theory .
With these data , Evans and colleagues from the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , Yale University , Keele University and the University of Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom analyzed the spectra of the active galactic nucleus with a pair of jets located about 800 million light years away in an AGN named 3C 33 .
“ It ’s the first convincing galaxy of this type seen at this angle where the result is pretty robust , ” said Patrick Ogle , an assistant research scientist at the California Institute of Technology , who studies AGN .
Ogle believes Evans ’s theory regarding retrograde spin is among the best explanations he has heard for why some AGN contain a supermassive black hole with a jet and others do n’t .
Astrophysicists can see the signatures of x-ray emission from the inner regions of the accretion disk , which is located close to the edge of a black hole , as a result of a super hot atmospheric ring called a corona that lies above the disk and emits light ( electromagnetic radiation ) that an observatory like Suzaku can detect .
In addition to this direct light , a fraction of light passes down from the corona onto the black hole ’s accretion disk and is reflected from the disk ’s surface , resulting in a spectral signature pattern called the Compton reflection hump , also detected by Suzaku .
But Evans ’ team never found a Compton reflection hump in the x-ray emission given off by 3C 33 , a finding the researchers believe provides crucial evidence that the accretion disk for a black hole with a jet is truncated , meaning it does n’t extend as close to the center of the black hole with a jet as it does for a black hole that does not have a jet .
The absence of this innermost portion of the disk means that nothing can reflect the light from the corona , which explains why observers only see a direct spectrum of x-ray light .
The researchers believe the absence may result from retrograde spin , which pushes out the orbit of the innermost portion of accretion material as a result of general relativity , or the gravitational pull between masses .
This absence creates a gap between the disk and the center of the black hole that leads to the piling of magnetic fields that provide the force to fuel a jet .
While Ogle believes that the retrograde spin theory is a good explanation for Evans ’ observations , he said it is far from being confirmed , and that it will take more examples with consistent results to convince the astrophysical community .
The field of research will expand considerably in August 2011 with the planned launch of NASA ’s Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array ( NuSTAR ) satellite , which is 10 to 50 times more sensitive to spectra and the Compton reflection hump than current technology .
NuSTAR will help researchers conduct a “ giant census ” of supermassive black holes that “ will absolutely revolutionize the way we look at X - ray spectra of AGN , ” Evans explained .
He plans to spend another two years comparing black holes with and without jets , hoping to learn more about the properties of AGN .
His goal over the next decade is to determine how the spin of a supermassive black hole evolves over time .
Sources : MITnews , Evans ’ Astrophysical Journal paper ( preprint is arXiv:1001.0588 )
Vacuum Cleaner - Man !
Inventor uses suction to crawl up a wall , Spider - Man-style
In the Spider - Man comics and movies , mild - mannered Peter Parker finds himself able to climb up the side of buildings after being bitten by a radioactive spider .
In real life , enterprising scientist Jem Stansfield got the same effect from two vacuum cleaners he bought at Tesco .
He adapted the household appliances ' motors into giant sucker pads , then used them to crawl up a 30ft wall .
Scroll down for video
[ caption ]
A crowd of amazed onlookers watched the presenter from BBC One 's Bang Goes The Theory scale the side of a school and retrieve a lost shuttlecock from the roof as part of the Brighton Science Festival Programme .
He completed the daredevil stunt without a safety helmet after fixing the cleaners to a back pack attached to two ' vacuum gloves ' .
Afterwards Mr Stansfield , 39 , an aeronautics graduate who weighs about 12st , said : ' I came across the idea when I was doing a challenge to make superhuman powers out of junk .
' I worked out the vacuum cleaners could support my weight .
' I attached pads roughly the size of tea trays to the nozzle and realised they pressed tightly against the wall and could hold me .
' Activities like this can teach children that if you understand the world around you , you can make it work for you .
' Normal boring day - to - day objects can do exciting things for you . '
[ caption ]
Festival organiser Richard Robinson admitted he thought the stunt would flop when he was told about it .
He said : ' We all laughed .
We did n't think it would ever work , then we turned around and he was climbing a wall . '
Before becoming a TV presenter , Mr Stansfield created special effects for films including Lost In Space and Van Helsing , and produced exhibits for the Science Museum and Royal Observatory .
He invented the world 's first air - powered motorbike , and won a New Scientist prize for boots that walk on water .
More recently he succeeded in making a rocket run on toffee by filling a tube with the sweet and firing nitrous oxide down a hole in the middle of it .
It was capable of powering a bicycle ridden by Mr Stansfield at a test base .
For his next trick , he hopes to drive a car all the way from London to Manchester , powered only by coffee beans .
Gov. Polis : Cameron Peak
Fire state 's top priority
Colorado Gov. Jared Polis said the Cameron Peak Fire is the state 's top priority after a visit Wednesday to the fire command center in Fort Collins
As the United Nations prepares to decide what action to take on the Goldstone report , which alleges Israeli misconduct in last year 's Gaza war , local human rights groups and their backers are facing a rising tide of domestic criticism for fomenting international scrutiny of Israel and its military .
A center - right group , " Im Tirtzu , " issued a report last week charging that the Goldstone report relies on documentation from 16 local rights organizations that were vocal critics of Israeli conduct during the war .
The report singled out a common financial thread , the multimillion - dollar New Israel Fund , which raises money among American Jews and foundations for progressive causes .
That sparked a drive in the Israeli parliament to approve an investigation to determine whether the work of those nonprofits undermines Israel 's legitimacy .
The investigation could lead to the outlawing of some groups .
The sponsor of the inquiry proposal , Knesset Member Otniel Schneller from the centrist Kadima party , accused the groups of " the worst incitement possible " against Israel .
" Most of the quotes in the [ Goldstone ] report against Israel come from Israeli organizations , '' he said .
" They are accusing Israel of terrorizing [ Palestinian ] civilians . "
The Goldstone report assigns blame to both Israel and Hamas for committing possible war crimes during the war , but accuses Israel of intentionally killing Palestinian civilians and of destroying civilian infrastructure in the Gaza Strip .
Israel says the report reflects political bias , anti-Semitism , and an effort to rob the Jewish state of the right to self - defense against attacks on its citizens .
In the coming weeks and months , the United Nations Security Council will decide whether to refer the findings to the International Criminal Court .
How much can you criticize government ?
The campaign against the rights groups is sparking a debate over the limits of legitimate criticism of the government .
" We believe there are valid concerns with regard to Israel 's conduct during [ the war ] .
We believe the Israeli public has the right to know what was done in our name in Gaza , '' says Haggai Elad , the director of the Association for Civil Rights in Israel , a beneficiary of the New Israel Fund .
" If the [ parliament ] is intent on holding hearings in the 21st century that are reminiscent of the anti-Communist hysteria in the United States of the 1950s , then that is a sad moment for Israeli democracy . ''
Im Tirtzu , which has received donations in the past from John Hagee Ministries , a US evangelical organization founded by Pastor John Hagee , said the New Israel Fund affiliates had a " significant influence ' ' on the crafting of the Goldstone report , and that most of its accusations against Israel were sourced to the rights groups .
" These organizations are trying to help Hamas in [ its ] fight against Israel , '' argues Im Tirtzu chairman Ronen Shoval .
" They are slandering the State of Israel and the Israeli soldiers around the world . ''
Note :
The original version of this story incorrectly stated the funding relationship between Im Tirtzu and John Hagee Ministries .
Pattern Centric Blog
Towards A Formal Specification of Reified Lambda Functions
by Howard Lovatt
January 7 , 2010
Summary
In a previous weblog a suggestion for reifying lambda types was given .
The previous weblog give examples but no formal description of the process .
This weblog gives a more formal description .
Advertisement
1. Introduction
In a previous weblog a proposal for reified lambdas was given , http://www.artima.com/weblogs/viewpost.jsp?thread=277879.
This weblog builds on the previous weblog and assumes familiarity with the previous weblog .
Where the details present in this weblog contradict details in the previous weblog , this one supersedes the previous .
In effect this weblog is an improved version of the previous .
Expanding on the previous weblog was suggested by Neal Gafter ( http://mail.openjdk.java.net/pipermail/lambda-dev/2010-January/000218.html).
This weblog is deliberately written in a ' dry ' style and does n't introduce lambdas or justify reification of them , other than section 1.1 ( See previous weblog for an ' easier ' read and discussions of these topics . )
The writing style is not saying ' we could do X ' , instead it says ' do X ' , this is purely a writing convenience and is not meant to imply that this is in any way an accepted proposal .
The proposal is simply a proposal and has no formal backing from Sun ( or anyone else for that matter ) .
The text below is not strictly a formal description of the processes , but it is hoped that it is sufficiently detailed to tease out any problems .
Since the aim of this post is to tease out problems , feedback is most welcome .
1.1. Motivation
The following source : static double reduce ( final double [ ] ds , double initial , final # double ( double , double ) reducer ) { for ( final double d : ds ) { initial = reducer.callPrimitive( initial , d ) ; } return initial ; } static < T> T reduce ( final T[ ] ts , T initial , final # T ( T , T ) reducer ) { for ( final T t : ts ) { initial = reducer.call( initial , t ) ; } return initial ; } static < T > void time ( final # T ( ) c ) { final long start = System.currentTimeMillis ( ) ; final T result = c.call ( ) ; final long finish = System.currentTimeMillis ( ) ; System.out.println(c + " took " + ( finish - start ) + " ms and returned " + result ) ; } static void timeTest ( ) { final int size = 1024 * 1024 ; final double [ ] ds = new double [ size ] ; final Double [ ] ts = new Double [ size ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < size ; i++ ) { ts [ i ] = ds [ i ] = i ; } final # double ( double , double ) sumDs = # double ( final double a 1 , final double a 2 ) { return a 1 + a 2 ; } ; time ( new # double ( ) { //
Not supported in this proposal as yet @ Override public double callPrimitive ( ) { return reduce ( ds , 0 , sumDs ) ; } @ Override public String toString ( ) { return " double [ ] test " ; } } ) ; final # Double ( Double , Double ) sumTs = new # Double ( final Double a1 , final Double a 2 ) { return a 1 + a 2 ; } ; time ( new # Double ( ) { //
Not supported in this proposal as yet @ Override public Double call ( ) { return reduce ( ts , 0.0 , sumTs ) ; } // note 0.0 - annoying inference bug !
@ Override public String toString ( ) { return " Double [ ] test " ; } } ) ; } Is translated to : static double reduce ( final double [ ] ds , double initial , final _Callable_double_double_double reducer ) { for ( final double d : ds ) { initial = reducer.callPrimitive( initial , d ) ; } return initial ; } static < T> T reduce ( final T[ ] ts , T initial , final _ Callable_2 <?
extends T , ? super T , ? super T> reducer ) { for ( final T t : ts ) { initial = reducer.call( initial , t ) ; } return initial ; } static < T > void time ( final _Callable_0 < T> c ) { final long start = System.currentTimeMillis ( ) ; final T result = c.call ( ) ; final long finish = System.currentTimeMillis ( ) ; System.out.println(c + " took " + ( finish - start ) + " ms and returned " + result ) ; } static void timeTest ( ) { final int size = 1024 * 1024 ; final double [ ] ds = new double [ size ] ; final Double [ ] ts = new Double [ size ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < size ; i++ ) { ts [ i ] = ds [ i ] = i ; } final _Callable_double_double_double sumDs = new _Callable_double_double_double ( ) { @ Override public double callPrimitive ( final double a 1 , final double a 2 ) { return a 1 + a 2 ; } } ; time ( new _Callable_double ( ) { @ Override public double callPrimitive ( ) { return reduce ( ds , 0 , sumDs ) ; } @ Override public String toString ( ) { return " double [ ] test " ; } } ) ; final _Callable_Dble_Dble_Dble sumTs = new _Callable_Dble_Dble_Dble ( ) { //
Compiler bug !
Should be Double not Dble @ Override public Double call ( final Double a 1 , final Double a 2 ) { return a 1 + a 2 ; } } ; time ( new _Callable_Dble ( ) { //
Compiler bug !
Should be Double not Dble @ Override public Double call ( ) { return reduce ( ts , 0.0 , sumTs ) ; } // note 0.0 - annoying inference bug !
@ Override public String toString ( ) { return " Double [ ] test " ; } } ) ; } And when run on my laptop gives : double [ ] test took 20 ms and returned 5.497552896E11 Double [ ] test took 588 ms and returned 5.497552896E11
Which demonstrates the considerable performance increase reified lambdas offer ( erased lambdas would perform similarly to the Double case above ) .
2 . Not addressed
At this point in time the following issues are not addressed , they are open issues , and a brief note about there status given .
These open issues are put into three groups of ones that are specific to this specification , ones that might influence the choice of one implementation over another , and ones that are largely orthogonal to the implementation .
This categorization is open to interpretation and you could argue about the placement of an issue within in a particular group .
2.1 . Issues specific to this specification
Type name mangling
In this weblog simple type names are used , e.g. Integer , in practice a fully qualified name is required , e.g. java.lang .
Integer .
Unfortunately you cannot have ' . ' in a type name , therefore java\ , lang\ , Integer could be used instead .
Similarly array types need to be specified and ' [ ' and ' ] ' are also problematic in type names and therefore int [ ] could become int\{\} .
These character translations , and more , are suggested by John Rose ( http://blogs.sun.com/jrose/entry/symbolic_freedom_in_the_vm). ' _ ' , which I have used to separate parts of type names , is not appropriate because it is already used for inner classes ; in practice you could use ' + ' instead ( to indicate an automatically generated / added type ) .
Thanks to Maurizio Cimadamore ( http://mail.openjdk.java.net/pipermail/lambda-dev/2010-January/000258.html) for reminding me of the NextGen compiler that uses a similar solution and to Alex Blewitt ( private email ) for specifically pin pointing the problem .
Contravariantly - overriding wrapping
To support type safe operations like # Object ( String ) sO = # String ( Object s ) ( s.toString ( ) ) ; lambdas are automatically wrapped ( also see below but one for a separate use of contravariantly - overriding wrapping ) .
However Java does n't ordinarily support contravariantly - overriding , e.g. interface OS { Object m( String s ) ; } ... interface SO extends I { @ Override String m( Object o ) ; } is illegal .
Should contravariant - overriding be supported ?
Contravariantly - overriding arrays of lambdas
As the specification stands you can write # Object ( String ) [ ]
s Os = new # String ( ) [ ]
{# String ( Object s ) ( s.toString ( ) ) } ; .
However in Java you can't say long [ ] ls = new int [ ] { 1} ; .
Should this be allowed for lambdas ?
Lambda cast
The contravariantly - overriding wrapping is also used in a similar manner to promoting - conversions applied automatically to primitives , e.g. promoting int to long .
For primitives there is also a reverse operation via a down - cast , e.g. i = ( int ) l ; .
Currently there is no equivalent down - cast , there should be !
2.2 . Issues that might influence implementation choice Serialization Cannot serialize a lambda , use a named - inner class .
( Serialization is hard to do for something anonymous and therefore best not supported . )
Class implementing a lambda or extending a lambda Cannot write class CI implements # int ( int ) or class CE extends # int ( int ) .
( This is closely related to the next point , SAMs , and can probably be handled by the same mechanism . )
Single abstract method ( SAM ) Cannot write Comparable < Integer > cI = # int ( int other ) (... ) ; .
( I think the From mechanism , described below , can probably be adapted for SAMs .
It is desirable that a lambda can be wrapped as a SAM and it is desirable that it can be unwrapped , not supporting unwrapping is like boxing without unboxing ! )
2.3 . Issues that are largely orthogonal to implementation Short lambda - call syntax
It would be nice if a lambda could be called like a method , e.g. lambda ( ... ) ; in this proposal no short - syntax is discussed and the example would be lambda.call ( ... ) for a non-primitive lambda and lambda.callPrimitive (... ) for a primitive - lambda .
( This may well be the final solution , since a method of calling lambdas with short syntax has yet to be found that does not have undesirable side - effects . )
Lambda syntax
The strawman syntax without type inference is used throughout this specification .
Optimizing lambda creation
If a lambda is used in an inner scope it is natural to define it in an inner scope , however this can be sub-optimal .
For example if the lambda does not capture local variables or instance fields it could be defined statically .
The compiler could , ' promote ' , the lambda to an outer - scope static automatically .
( Probably OK to leave as is at the moment , since the same comments apply to inner classes and it is up to the programmer to do the ' promoting ' . )
Shared writable variables
The strawman discusses the possibility of having shared writable variables , this proposal does not address this issue since it is orthogonal to the implementation .
( Could use the Wrapper mechanism described below to allow the variables to be shared , which would require the Wrapper interface to be generic ( which is not a problem ) . )
Exception transparency Cannot be used , must wrap in an unchecked exception .
( Probably OK to leave this out - i.e. it is OK to wrap checked exceptions in an unchecked exception . )
3. Support types
To java.lang add : public interface Wrapper { Object getWrappee ( ) ; } public static final class Wrappers { private Wrappers ( ) {} public static Object unWrap( Object from ) { if ( from == null ) { return null ; } while ( from instanceof Wrapper ) { from = ( ( Wrapper ) from ) .getWrappee( ) ; } return from ; } public static boolean equals ( final Object lhs , final Object rhs ) { return unWrap ( lhs ) == unWrap ( rhs ) ; } } public static abstract class AbstractCallable { @ Override public final boolean equals ( final Object other ) { return Wrappers.equals ( this , other ) ; } }
4. Dynamically created types
The following types are added by the class loader to java.lang as needed ( the compiler internally also generates these classes but does not emit these classes ) .
The reason these classes are dynamically generated by the class loader is twofold :
To prevent an ' explosion ' of types that results from reifying lambdas .
( If lambdas are erased then only the generic interfaces are needed and up to 5 arguments , say , could be supported directly as public interfaces java.lang and hence dynamic generation would be unnecessary . )
To ensure that all lambdas share the same underlying classes and are hence interoperable .
( If the compiler emitted the types then each compilation unit would have its own lambda types and hence not interoperate . )
I have n't spelled out how the loader ( or compiler ) generates the required classes in detail , but two short paragraphs are given in the next two sub-sections on this topic .
The reasons for not spelling this out is to save space ( it is reasonably obvious what to do ) .
The processes is to generate the type from its name , the name encodes all the information needed to generate the type .
4.1 . Generic Callable interfaces Generic interfaces are used when any types involved are generic and as a base type for the reified types .
These interfaces are interfaces that define a generic - abstract call method with n arguments and follow the naming convention _ Callable_ n , e.g. : public interface _ Callable_0 < R> { R call ( ) ; } public interface _ Callable_1 < R , A1 > { R call ( A1 a 1 ) ; }
When the loader sees in a class file the interface _Callable_ n it first checks to see if it already has this interface and if not generates the appropriate interface .
The name _Callable_ n gives the loader all the information it requires ( which is simply n , the number of arguments ) .
The name _Callable_ n is unique , since other _Callable_ types ( described below ) do not contain the integer n since an integer is not a valid type name .
4.2 . Reified abstract Callable classes
The following description of dynamic classes uses '...' to indicate part of a name that is dependent upon the type of the lambda , e.g. # Object ( String ) has types Object and String and '...' is replaced by Object_String .
When the loader sees in a class file the class _ Callable_ ... it first checks to see if it already has this class and if not generates the appropriate abstract class .
The name _ Callable_ ... gives the loader all the information it requires ( in particular the ' ...' part encodes the reified types needed ) .
The reified _ Callable_ ... names are distinguished from generic _ Callable_ n because n ( an integer ) is not a type name .
4.2.1 . Reified , non-primitive , abstract Callable classes Reified , non-primitive , abstract classes are used when there are no generic types and no primitive types .
These classes are abstract classes that define a reified - abstract call method via implementing the equivalent generic _Callable_ n classes with the following naming convention _ Callable_ ... , e.g. : public abstract class _Callable_String extends AbstractCallable implements _Callable_0 < String > {} public abstract class _Callable_Object_String extends AbstractCallable implements _Callable_1< Object , String > {} Note the extension of AbstractCallable class which defines an equals method , the reason for this is that some of the lambdas get wrapped for type conversion purposes ( see below for more details ) .
4.2.2 . Reified , primitive , abstract Callable classes Reified , primitive , abstract classes are used when there are no generic types and some primitive types .
These classes are abstract classes that define an reified - abstract callPrimitive method via extending the equivalent non-primitive _ Callable_ ... classes with the same naming convention as non-primitive ( _ Callable_ ... ) , e.g. : public abstract class _ Callable_int extends _Callable_Integer { @ Override public final Integer call ( ) { return callPrimitive ( ) ; } public abstract int callPrimitive ( ) ; } public abstract class _Callable_int_String extends _Callable_Integer_String { @ Override public final Integer call ( String a 1 ) { return callPrimitive ( a1 ) ; } public abstract int callPrimitive ( String a 1 ) ; } public abstract class _Callable_int_int extends _Callable_Integer_Integer { @ Override public final Integer call ( Integer a 1 ) { return callPrimitive ( a1 ) ; } public abstract int callPrimitive ( int a 1 ) ; } Note that the call method is defined to call the call Primitive method .
4.3 . From classes
There are two variations of From class and the purpose of both these From classes is to ' convert ' one lambda into another .
Typically this conversion is achieved by wrapping the first lambda inside itself , but it could in the case of a wrapping and then unwrapping just give back the original lambda .
Whether a From ... class or a _ Callable_ ... class ( the original lambda ) results , it is always reified lambda that results from a From conversion .
The reified _ Callable_ ... abstract classes implement the equivalent generic _ Callable_ n interface and therefore no ' cast ' is needed from a reified lambda to a generic lambda .
The first of the two variations of the From classes are those that go in the reverse direction to their inheritance hierarchy , i.e. from a generic _Callable_ n interface to a the equivalent reified _ Callable_ ... class ( reifying From ) .
The second variation of From class is for contravariant overriding of lambdas .
All From classes follow a naming convention : _From_...__To_... where the first '...' are as used in the ' from ' _ Callable_ ... and the second '...' are as used in the ' to ' _ Callable_ ... names .
If the ' from ' _ Callable_ ... is a generic interface then the '...' include the _ n as well as the type names .
4.3.1 . Reifying From classes
These classes convert a generic _ Callable_ n interface to a the equivalent reified _ Callable_ ... class , i.e. they reify the generic class , e.g. : public final class _From_0_Integer__To_int extends _ Callable_int implements Wrapper { private final _ Callable_0 <?
extends Integer > f ; private _ From_0_Integer__To_int(final _ Callable_0 <? extends Integer > f ) { this .f = f ; } public static _ Callable_int instance ( final _ Callable_0 <? extends Integer > from ) { if ( from == null ) { return null ; } final _ Callable_0 <?
extends Integer > f = ( _Callable_0 <? extends Integer >) Wrappers.unWrap( from ) ; if ( f instanceof _ Callable_int ) { return ( _Callable_int ) f ; } return new _ From_0 _Integer__To_int(f ) ; } @ Override public int callPrimitive ( ) { return f.call ( ) ; } @ Override public Object getWrappee ( ) { return f ; } @ Override public int hashCode ( ) { return f.hashCode ( ) ; } } Note use of call Primitive ; because the resultant , ' to ' , class is a primitive _ Callable_ ... , if ' to ' is a non-primitive _Callable_ ... then method call is defined instead .
4.3.2 . Contravariant - overriding From classes
These classes convert a reified _ Callable_ ... class to another , contravariantly overriding , reified _ Callable_ ... class .
Primitive types have an implicit conversion mechanism in Java , e.g. an int is automatically converted to a long .
It is necessary to simulate this implicit conversion for lambdas that have primitive and / or primitive wrappers .
The term " implicit conversion " is used below to indicate when such a non-inheritance based type conversion is required .
If going from the ' from ' to the ' to ' lambda types does not involve " implicit conversion " then the dynamically created class is for example : public final class _From_String_Object__To_Object_String extends _Callable_Object_String implements Wrapper { private final _Callable_String_Object f ; private _From_String_Object__To_Object_String(final _Callable_String_Object f ) { this .f = f ; } public _ From_String_Object__To_Object_String instance ( final _Callable_String_Object from ) { if ( from == null ) { return null ; } final _Callable_String_Object f = ( _Callable_String_Object ) Wrappers.unWrap( from ) ; return new _ From_String_Object__To_Object_String(f ) ; } @ Override public Object call ( final String a 1 ) { return f.call ( a1 ) ; } @ Override public Object getWrappee ( ) { return f ; } @ Override public int hashCode ( ) { return f.hashCode ( ) ; } } Note if the ' from ' lambda is primitive then use f.callPrimitive ( a1 ) and if the ' to ' lambda is primitive define method callPrimitive .
If " implicit conversion " is required then there are a number of cases to be covered .
Primitive - wrapper to primitive - wrapper for example : public final class _From_Integer_Long__To_Long_Integer extends _Callable_Long_Integer implements Wrapper { private final _Callable_Integer_Long f ; private _ From_Integer_Long__To_Long_Integer(final _Callable_Integer_Long f ) { this .f = f ; } public _ From_Integer_Long__To_Long_Integer instance ( final _Callable_Integer_Long from ) { if ( from == null ) { return null ; } final _Callable_Integer_Long f = ( _Callable_Integer_Long ) Wrappers.unWrap( from ) ; return new _ From_Integer_Long__To_Long_Integer(f ) ; } @ Override public Long call ( final Integer a 1 ) { return f.call(a1.longValue( ) ).longValue( ) ; } @ Override public Object getWrappee ( ) { return f ; } @ Override public int hashCode ( ) { return f.hashCode ( ) ; } } Primitive - wrapper to primitive for example : public final class _From_Integer_Long__To_long_int extends _Callable_long_int implements Wrapper { private final _Callable_Integer_Long f ; private _From_Integer_Long__To_long_int( final _Callable_Integer_Long f ) { this .f = f ; } public _ From_Integer_Long__To_long_int instance ( final _Callable_Integer_Long from ) { if ( from == null ) { return null ; } final _Callable_Integer_Long f = ( _Callable_Integer_Long ) Wrappers.unWrap( from ) ; return new _ From_Integer_Long__To_long_int(f ) ; } @ Override public long callPrimitive ( final int a 1 ) { return f.call( Long.valueOf ( a1 ) ) ; } @ Override public Object getWrappee ( ) { return f ; } @ Override public int hashCode ( ) { return f.hashCode ( ) ; } } Primitive to primitive - wrapper for example : public final static class _From_int_long__To_Long_Integer extends _Callable_Long_Integer implements Wrapper { private final _Callable_int_long f ; private _ From_int_long__To_Long_Integer( final _ Callable_int_long f ) { this .f = f ; } public _ From_int_long__To_Long_Integer instance ( final _Callable_int_long from ) { if ( from == null ) { return null ; } final _Callable_int_long f = ( _Callable_int_long ) Wrappers.unWrap( from ) ; return new _From_int_long__To_Long_Integer(f ) ; } @ Override public Long call ( final Integer a 1 ) { return Long.valueOf(f.callPrimitive ( a1 ) ) ; } @ Override public Object getWrappee ( ) { return f ; } @ Override public int hashCode ( ) { return f.hashCode ( ) ; } } Primitive to primitive ( which is the same as the no " implicit conversion " case since Java automatically converts primitives ) for example : public final static class _From_int_long__To_long_int extends _Callable_long_int implements Wrapper { private final _Callable_int_long f ; private _ From_int_long__To_long_int ( final _Callable_int_long f ) { this .f = f ; } public _ From_int_long__To_long_int instance ( final _Callable_int_long from ) { if ( from == null ) { return null ; } final _Callable_int_long f = ( _Callable_int_long ) Wrappers.unWrap( from ) ; return new _ From_int_long__To_long_int(f ) ; } @ Override public long callPrimitive ( final int a 1 ) { return f.callPrimitive ( a1 ) ; } @ Override public Object getWrappee ( ) { return f ; } @ Override public int hashCode ( ) { return f.hashCode ( ) ; } } 4.4 . Array_From classes
These classes provide the same functionality as the _From classes above do for individual lambdas but instead operate on arrays of lambdas .
All the _Array_From classes create a new array , for the ' to ' , and convert each element of ' from ' .
The name of the _Array_From class is the same as the name of the appropriate _ From class with ' _ Array ' prepended , e.g : public final class _Array_From_0_String__To_String { public static _ Callable_String [ ] instance ( final _ Callable_0 <? extends String >[ ] from ) { if ( from == null ) { return null ; } final _Callable_String [ ] to = new _Callable_String [ from.length ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < from.length ; i++) { to [ i ] = _ From_0_String__To_String.instance ( from [i ] ) ; } return to ; } }
5 . Translating source code
To keep the weblog shorter I will limit the explanation to lambdas that have a return value and one argument , it is straightforward to extrapolate to a void lambda and down to zero or up to n arguments .
The strawman proposal allows the return type of the lambda to be implied .
Inferring the return type is a separate issue to how to implement lambdas and therefore the explanations assume the types are specified ( similarly the proposed diamond operator is ignored ) .
There are two basic constructs in lambdas : # $ R$ ($ A $ )
Which declares a lambda type # $ R$ ( $ A$ $ N$ ) ( $E $ )
Which creates a new lambda instance
There is a second new - lambda - instance construct in the strawman that allows statements , however it is easy to extrapolate to multiple statements from a single expression and therefore this form is not described .
In the above : $ R $ The return type of the lambda which can be any type : primitive , class , interface , or generic type .
$ R$ may not be a wildcard - generic type .
$ A$ The argument type of the lambda which can be any type : primitive , class , interface , or generic type .
$ A$ may not be a wildcard - generic type .
$ A$ may include a final modifier in addition to the type .
$ N $ Is the name of the argument .
$ E $ The expression that is executed when the lambda is called .
Generic types in lambdas do not include wildcards , i.e. no ? , ?
extends $ type$ , or ?
super $ type$ .
If wildards are used as part of the lambda syntax , then it is an error .
From time to time , when explaining the expansion of lambda syntax , other textual place markers are introduced between dollars , e.g. $ type $ as used above .
If more than one $ A$ , for example , is needed then an additional letter is added to clarify which $ A$ is referred to , e.g. $ AL $ might be used to indicate the $ A$ on the left hand side of an assignment .
5.1 . Lambda instances
New lambdas are created by the expression # $ R$ ( $ A$ $ N$ ) ( $ E$ ) .
If either $ R$ or $ A$ are generic types then if either $ R$ or $ A$ are primitive they are converted to the equivalent primitive - wrapper classes and the expansion is : new _Callable_1 < $R$ , $ A $ > ( ) { @ Overload public final $ R$ call ( $ A$ $ N$ ) { return $ E$ ; } } Else the expansion is : new _Callable_$ R$ _$ A $ ( ) { @ Overload public final $ R$ call ( $ A$ $ N$ ) { return $ E$ ; } } 5.2 .
Lambda types
The type of a lambda is given by # $ R$ ( $ A$ ) and this may occur in different contexts as listed below .
5.2.1 . Field , variable , argument definition EG # $ R$ ( $ A$ ) lambda = ... ; .
If either $ R$ or $ A$ are generic types then the expansion is : _ Callable_1 < ?
extends $ R$ , ? super $ A$ > Else the expansion is : _Callable_$ R$ _$ A$ 5.2.2 . Field , variable , argument array - definition EG # $ R$ ( $ A$ ) [ ] $ name $ = new # $ R$ ( $ A$ ) [ $ size $ ] ; , the LHS is treated like a definition and the RHS like an instance , except that the RHS has special treatment for the generics case .
If either $ R$ or $ A$ are generic types then an unchecked warning is given , because you cannot create type - safe - generic arrays .
The expansion is : _ Callable_1 <?
extends $ R$ , ? super $ A $ > [ ] $ name $ = ( _Callable_1 < ?
extends $ R$ , ? super $ A $ > [ ] ) new _ Callable_1 [ $size $ ] ;
( There is no syntax in the strawman for a raw - type lambda , hence the need for this special expansion . )
Else the expansion is : _ Callable _ $ R$ _$ A$ [ ] $ name $ = new _Callable _$ R$ _$ A$ [ $size $ ] ; 5.2.3 . Class literals EG # $ R$ ($ A$ ) .class .
If either $ R$ or $ A$ are generic types then an error is reported , because you cannot have class literals of generic types .
Else the expansion is : _Callable_$R$_$A$.class 5.2.4 . Cast EG ( # $ R$ ( $ A$ ) ) .
If either $ R$ or $ A$ are generic types then an unchecked cast warning is given , because you cannot check generic casts at compile time , but the expansion proceeds and is : ( _Callable_1 < $R$ , $ A $ > )
Else the expansion is : ( _Callable_$ R$ _$ A$ ) 5.2.5. instanceof tests EG $ expression $ instanceof # $ R$ ( $ A$ ) .
If either $ R$ or $ A$ are generic types then an error is reported , because you cannot have instanceof tests of generic types .
Else the expansion is : $ expression $ instanceof _Callable_$ R$ _$ A$ 5.2.6 .
As a generic type EG $ genericType$ < $optionalWildcardSyntax $ # $ R$ ( $ A$ ) > is treated like the LHS of a variable declaration and is always generic and is therefore expanded to : $ genericType$ < $optionalWildcardSyntax $ Callable$ 1<? extends $ R$ , ? super $ A $ >> 5.3 .
Assignments and initializations
To facilitate reifying generic lambdas and contravariant - overriding , ' safe ' automatic - conversion via loader - generated From classes are supported for assignment and initialization of variables , method parameters , and array elements ( for arrays see next section ) .
A running example is used below : $ lValue$ = $ rExpression $
Where the type , after expansion , of $ lValue$ is _ Callable_$RL$ _$AL $ and the expanded - type of $ rExpression $ is either _ Callable_1 <?
extends $ RR $ , ? super $ AR $ > or _Callable_$RR$_$AR $ depending on if it is reified or not .
Note $ lValue$ is reified else no ' conversion ' is added by the compiler ( it is not an error or a warning for $ lValue $ to be generic , it just means that the compiler does not need to add a ' conversion ' ) .
In the description below the phrase $ R$ " is convertible to " $ L$ is used to indicate that $ R$ has is the same as $ L$ , $ R $ is a subtype of $ L$ , or $ R $ is a primitive or primitive - wrapper that can be converted to $ L$ which is also a primitive or primitive - wrapper .
The automatic conversion of primitives and primitive - wrappers is usual in Java , e.g. int to long .
In summary , the possible actions are :
If the type of $ lValue $ is generic , do nothing .
If the type of $ rExpression $ is exactly the same as the type of $ lValue$ , do nothing .
If the type of $ rExpression $ is generic , possibly insert a reifying conversion ( see section 5.3.1 ) .
If the type of $ rExpression $ is reified , possibly insert a contravariant - overriding conversion ( see section 5.3.2 ) .
5.3.1 . Reifying conversion
If the the expanded type of $ rExpression $ is _ Callable_1 <?
extends $ RR $ , ? super $ AR $ > ( i.e. it is generic ) then a reifying cast is applicable ( and as described above lValue should be reified ) .
If $ RR $ or $ AR $ are generic - parameter names rather than specific - type names then report an unchecked cast warning and substitute the limits of the parameters into $ RR $ and $ AR $ respectively , instead of the parameter names , and continue as below .
If $ RR $ " is convertible to " $ RL $ and if $ AL $ " is convertible to " $ AR $ then the expansion is : lValue = _ From_1_$RR$_$AR$__To_$RL$_$AL$.instance( rExpression ) ;
Else there is a type error that should be reported .
5.3.2 . Contravariant - overriding conversion
If the the expanded type of $ rExpression $ is _Callable_$RR$_$AR $ ( i.e. it is reified ) then a reified - to - reified cast is applicable ( and as described above lValue should be reified ) .
If $ RR $ is the same type as $ RL $ and if $ AL $ is the same type as $ AR $ then do nothing ( no cast necessary ) .
If $ RR $ " is convertible to " $ RL $ and if $ AL $ " is convertible to " $ AR $ then the expansion is : lValue = _ From_$RR$_$AR$__To_$RL$_$AL$.instance( rExpression ) ;
Else there is a type error that should be reported .
5.4 . Array assignments and initializations
To facilitate reifying arrays of generic - lambdas and contravariant - overriding of lambda arrays , ' safe ' automatic - conversion via loader - generated Array_From classes are supported for assignment and initialization of array variables , method parameters , and array - array elements ( for none arrays see previous section ) .
In the following : $ lValue $ = $ rExpression $
The expanded type of : $ lValue $ Is _Callable_1_$RL$ _$AL $ [ ] ( generic ) or _Callable_$RL$_$AL $ [ ] ( reified ) $ rExpression $ Is _Callable_1_$RR$ _$AR $ [ ] ( generic ) or _Callable_$RR$ _$AR $ [ ] ( reified )
If $ RR $ is $ RL $ and if $ AR $ is $ AL $ then no expansion is necessary .
Else if $ lValue$ generic and $ RL $ " is convertible to " $ RR $ and if $ AR $ " is convertible to " $ AL $ then no expansion is necessary .
Else if ( $ RR $ " is convertible to " $ RL $ and if $ AL $ " is convertible to " $ AR $ ) or ( $ RL $ " is convertible to " $ RR $ and if $ AR $ " is convertible to " $ AL $ ) then the expansion is one of : Both $ lValue $ and $ rExpression $ generic : lValue = Array_From_1_$RR$_$AR$__To_1_$RL$_$AL$.instance( rExpression ) ; Generic $ lValue$ and reified $ rExpression $ : lValue = Array_From_1_$RR$_$AR$__To_$RL$_$AL$.instance( rExpression ) ; Reified $ lValue$ and generic $ rExpression $ : lValue = Array_From_$RR$_$AR$__To_1_$RL$_$AL$.instance( rExpression ) ; Both $ lValue$ and $ rExpression $ reified : lValue = Array_From_$RR$_$AR$__To_$RL$_$AL$.instance(
rExpression ) ;
Else there is a type error that should be reported .
6. Conclusions Reifying lambdas is not particularly straightforward , however it offers improved performance over some erased lambdas schemes and a smoother joining of lambdas to the rest of Java .
A high - performance lambda implementation , e.g. reified lambdas , makes ParallelArray worth while .
Without supporting high - performance lambdas you might well argue that provide a series of generic Callable interfaces and a short inner-class syntax is sufficient .
Are there any use cases were the above proposal is not ideal ?
( Other than the already justified , in previous weblog , wrapping for contravariant - overriding conversions . )
Are there any bugs ?
Feedback would be greatly appreciated !
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 4 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Howard Lovatt adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Dr. Howard Lovatt is a senior scientist with CSIRO , an Australian government owned research organization , and is the creator of the Pattern Enforcing Compiler ( PEC ) for Java .
PEC is an extended Java compiler that allows Software Design Patterns to be declared and hence checked by the compiler .
PEC forms the basis of Howard 's 2nd PhD , his first concerned the design of Switched Reluctance Motors .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2010 Howard Lovatt .
All rights reserved .
february 14th 2018
today and tomorrow
R.I.P .
2005 - 2015
it was great while it lasted
thank you
pieter
info ( at ) todayandtomorrow.net
Reporting from Kabul , Afghanistan , and The Outskirts Of Marja , Afghanistan -- As U.S. Marines battled Sunday to consolidate their hold on the southern Afghanistan town of Marja , Western commanders reported the first serious setback of the 2 - day - old offensive : the deaths of a dozen Afghan civilians in an errant rocket strike .
At least four of those killed were children , an Afghan government official said .
U.S. Army Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the commander of Western forces in Afghanistan , apologized to Afghan President Hamid Karzai for the deaths .
The fatalities marked the first instance of large - scale civilian casualties since the start of fighting in Nad Ali , the district in central Helmand province where Marja lies .
Civilian casualties are among the most contentious issues between Karzai and his Western allies .
A day earlier , as the assault on Marja began , Karzai had demanded “ absolute caution ” on the part of coalition troops to avoid hurting or killing noncombatants .
Advertisement
Before the start of fighting , U.S. commanders had said repeatedly that civilian safety was their top priority .
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization ’s International Security Assistance Force said it was immediately suspending use of the weapons system used in the deadly strike .
The military said in a statement that coalition troops were aiming at a compound from which Taliban militants were firing on Western and Afghan forces , but the two rockets missed their target by about 300 yards , instead hitting a compound where civilians were sheltering .
The Afghan official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk about the incident , said those killed , including the children , were thought to be members of the same extended family .
The incident cast a pall over what military officials had been describing as a successful start to the offensive , which is among the largest battles of the war to date and the biggest joint operation by Western and Afghan troops .
Marines on Sunday continued their push , coming under sporadic but sometimes intense fire .
Advertisement
Afghan officials said 27 militants had been killed so far in the offensive , which began before dawn Saturday .
NATO reported the death of a Western service member in an explosion Sunday in southern Afghanistan but did not give the nationality involved or say whether the fatality occurred in the course of the assault .
A Marine and a British soldier were killed Saturday .
The Marja operation is the first major military confrontation since President Obama late last year ordered the deployment of an additional 30,000 U.S. troops .
In coming months , it will also be a crucial test of Afghanistan ’s ability , with NATO ’s help , to maintain order and governance in areas the coalition succeeds in clearing of Taliban .
On the second full day of fighting , the Taliban and other insurgents remained a shadowy enemy : Western commanders still do not have a solid estimate of how many Islamist militants remain in the farming town and its environs , which for years had served as a Taliban sanctuary .
Estimates before the assault ranged from 400 to around 1,000 Taliban and other fighters in the town .
Perhaps 150 of those were believed to be “ hard - core ” militants , including fighters with possible links to Al Qaeda who would probably fight to the death rather than slip away .
Advertisement
Some Taliban fighters fled before the battle .
The Marines had widely publicized their plans to take the town in hopes of driving off less committed insurgents and thus limiting close - quarters combat that could end up harming civilians .
Insurgents avoided massing for a confrontation , instead staging scattered hit - and - run attacks .
The Marines ’ commander , Brig .
Gen. Larry Nicholson , had to duck sniper fire Sunday as he was visiting a front - line position , the Associated Press reported .
For the advancing troops , it was a rough , dirty slog -- and a slow one .
Companies of U.S. and Afghan forces moved through the streets , carefully detonating homemade bombs in their path .
Plumes of dusty smoke arose from the blast sites .
Commanders acknowledge that such “ clearing ” could go on for days or weeks .
The town and its outskirts are thickly planted with the bombs , which are the insurgents ’ weapon of choice against much better - armed coalition troops .
Advancing forces have uncovered some major caches of bomb - making components , including detonation cords and hundreds of pounds of ammonium nitrate , an agricultural chemical recently banned by Afghan authorities because it was being so widely used to make bombs .
Advertisement
Coalition forces on Sunday laid claim to more key sites , including strategically located walled compounds .
Marines guarding one such makeshift outpost came under insurgent fire when Afghan troops inside the compound raised their national flag , the Reuters news agency reported .
About 15,000 U.S. , Afghan , British and other coalition troops are taking part in the offensive .
tony.perry@latimes.com
laura.king@latimes.com
More wives outearning their husbands
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The financial balance of power in American marriages is shifting .
A Pew Research Center survey released Tuesday found that 22 % of men made less money than their wives in 2007 .
By comparison , 4 % of husbands earned less than their wives in 1970 .
A shift in education patterns was a factor in the Pew report , which polled U.S. - born 30 - to 44 - year olds .
In 1970 , 28 % of husbands had more education than their wives .
By 2007 , that figure dropped to 19 % .
Slightly more than half of spouses had the same education level in both 1970 and 2007 , the most recent year for which data were available .
" For a long time , men did n't need education to make a decent wage -- they could go into manufacturing or other labor , " said Jenny Wittner , associate director of the advocacy group Women Employed .
" Women had to get an education to keep up , and over the years that has started to translate into a difference in wages , " Wittner added .
The report cited several societal and economic reasons for the jump .
Marriage rates have declined across the board since 1970 , and rates have gone down most sharply for the least educated .
The most educated are far more likely than those with less education to be married , and that gap that has widened since 1970 .
And since more education is linked to higher earnings , marriage especially boosts a household 's spending power .
Pew 's report was compiled from data collected before the recession hit , and said that the downturn will only exacerbate those trends as men have especially felt the job crunch .
The report cited government data that said males accounted for about 75 % of the 2008 decline in employment among " prime - working - age individuals . "
As a result , the percentage of women in the workforce continues to inch toward equilibrium , as women now comprise 47.4 % of the total .
But Wittner noted " it may not stay a so - called ' men's recession ' forever , and that shift will hurt households as the woman 's income becomes more important . "
Unmarried adults and the marriage advantage :
For singles at all levels of education , men 's incomes fared worse .
In 2007 , unmarried women had higher income than their 1970 counterparts .
But single men without any college education saw their inflation - adjusted earnings decrease , and they did not have a wife 's wages cushion the decline .
Similarly , single men who did not complete high school or who had only a high school diploma had lower household incomes in 2007 than their 1970 counterparts -- those with some college education saw income remain the same .
One exception to the marriage advantage : Married women without a high school diploma saw their inflation - adjusted household incomes fall 2 % from 1970 to 2007 , while those of their single counterparts grew 9 % .
This was n’t the comic I had planned on making 24 hours ago .
Originally , I had something else in mind .
That is , until I saw part of Brian Carroll ’s Instant Classic over the weekend where he had introduced a new character .
In his words , a “ large , jockish , ignorant , sexist Bostonian version of Tom Brazelton from his comic Theater Hopper . ”
The Jay Leno jaw was a nice touch .
He also made his version of my character the boyfriend of one of his leads .
So that means the Instant Classic version of Tom might be around for a while .
As a matter of fact , he ’s already appeared in a second comic , so you might want to check that out as well .
Brian totally nailed me with the first comic where IC - Tom talks about seeing a movie with Jared .
“ Actually , we did n’t even see a movie , ” he says .
“ We just saw a poster for it in the lobby and made fun of it for a while . ”
Zinger received , sir .
You might get a little more mileage out of this mock - beef if you know a little bit about Brian as a person .
I would share details here , but I do n’t want to misrepresent him further than what I ’m doing with this comic .
The Orson Welles worship is something I think he would cop to , though .
;D
It ’s all in good fun , of course .
No animosity .
Again , in Brian ’s words , “ Of course I do n’t think Tom ’s a bad guy – this is more to the tune of the celebrity guests on Extras where they play grotesque versions of themselves .
I think that ’s a clever approach and one I would kind of like to explore .
But at the same time , it ’s weird .
Because MY version of myself is already a grotesque caricature .
Bending that image through the lens of another artist ’s vision makes things even more bizarre and twisted .
How far can we go before it loops back on itself , causing a space - time anomaly that forms a psychic feedback destroying our true sense of self ?
Maybe I ’m being a little over - dramatic .
Any way you slice it , we ’re definitely flying by the seat of our pants .
This is n’t something Brian and I worked out in advance .
So it will be an interesting little tightrope walk .
Originally , I thought I would do one rebuttal comic , but now I ’m starting to wonder if I ca n’t do a little story line with this !
What do you guys think ?
Do you want to see Brian and I continue to warp and twist each other ’s illustrated personas for our individual comics ?
It could be fun !
Leave your comments below .
If you have any dirt I can use against Brian in my next comment , leave those in the comments section as well .
;D
It took us 15 years to become the world 's largest
Online Company Formation Provider
It took us 15 years to become the world 's largest
Online Company Formation Provider
Serving clients from our global offices , SFM offers the lowest costs ,
lightning fast company registration and a truly unique service .
M ohammedans do n't like to be called Mohammedans — that smacks too much of terms such as Christians .
As everybody knows , Christians worship Christ as a god .
Mohammedans do n't want people to think they worship Mohammed ( Arabic , Muhammad A - ' Praiseworthy ' ) , and so dislike referring to their religion as Mohammedanism .
However , Confucians do n't worship Confucius ( Chinese , K'ung Fu-tsu — ' K'ung [ a family name ] the Grand Master ' ) , even though their system is called Confucianism and often is considered to be a religion .
Even so , Mohammedans do n't want Mohammed to be viewed as a parallel of the Christ of the Christians .
Pick one up for a friend !
Mohammed was merely a prophet , they will argue , who disclaimed the ability to do miracles .
Mohammed was just a man - albeit the perfect man , leading a completely sinless life which has become the model for all true believers to emulate .
Moreover , it will be asserted , Mohammed did not choose to be a prophet ; he was chosen by Allah .
He did not himself compose the ' revelations ' that were spoken from his mouth ; they were delivered to him by an angel who got them from the ' Mother of the Book ' which has existed in heaven either forever or for just a little bit less .
Mohammed was a passive agent of Allah , simply serving as his mouthpiece or oracle .
It is his message that is important , not his biography .
He was one of a series of prophets who reported Allah 's wishes to men ( perhaps even to some women ) .
These prophets included Jesus ( Arabic ‘ Issa ) , who , to spite the Christians , is demoted by Mohammedans from non-profit to prophet status .
Most importantly , Mohammed was Allah 's last prophet .
Thus , Joseph Smith was an impostor , and Mormon missionaries are not welcome in Mohammedan territories .
( Of course , no missionaries of any kind are welcome in such places , where it is often a capital offense to convert a Mohammedan to ' infidelity ' . )
Despite such protestations by the faithful ( all non-Mohammedans are infidels ) , the reverence accorded to Mohammed at times has bordered on the threshold of worship if not actually transgressing it .
Very early , his followers came to attribute a number of miracles to him and passed along fabulous tales of supernatural signs and wonders relating to his birth and career .
( One night , it is believed , Mohammed set out on a nocturnal journey or Miraj up to the heavens where he communed with Allah face - to - face . )
It is still believed by many that at the Last Judgment , Mohammed will be an intercessor like the Virgin Mary and the Catholic saints , pleading for the exculpation of those who have submitted themselves to his teachings .
Among the mystical Sufis ( from the Arabic suf , meaning ' wool ' - alluding to the woolen hair shirts worn by early Sufis , not to the woolliness of their thinking ) , exaltation and veneration of Mohammed seems to have reached Christian proportions .
In Sufism , Mohammed has become the eternal manifestation of the Divine Light in the world , pre-existent like the Christian Logos , representing the primal , divine force which created and sustains the universe , the only intermediary through whom one may approach Allah and have knowledge of him .
For all practical purposes , the Sufi Mohammed ( peace be upon him ) is a supernatural being , even if not quite a full - fledged god .
Mohammedans prefer to be called Muslims B a term derived from the Arabic ’ aslama , meaning ' to resign oneself [ to Allah ] ' .
They prefer their religion to be called Islam ( from Arabic ’islam , meaning ' submission ' ) rather than Mohammedanism .
Most western scholars have gone along with this , rather than risk the wrath of purportedly peaceful members of ' the third great Abrahamic faith ' .
Nevertheless , Mohammedanism seems to be a perfectly appropriate name for a religion which currently poses so great a threat to secular civilizations throughout the world .
Despite this fact , it must be conceded that Islam is easier to spell than Mohammedanism , and Muslim is less tedious to type than Mohammedan .
Consequently , these shorter words will be the terms most often employed in the remainder of this guide .
FRANK ZINDLER
... has a distinguished academic career as a former biology and geology professor , science writer , linguist and bible - era historian .
He has authored numerous books and articles dealing with a wide range of subjects , everything from the alleged historicity of Jesus to the on - going controversy over teaching creationism in our public schools .
His tenure as an activist with American Atheists goes back over 30 years .
Frank is a nationally - recognized speaker and debater , and has served as an eloquent spokesperson for our organization .
He is a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , the American Chemical Society , and the American Schools of Oriental Research .
He is the Ohio Spokesperson for American Atheists .
Links :
How do you loose a steel mill ? |
Whence and whither science ? |
An Atheist 's Guide to Mohammedanism | Zindler - Wikipedia
The Five Pillars of Islam Given the fierce monotheism professed by Muslims and their sometimes violent rejection of all religions other than Islam , one might suppose that intolerance would be the first and most fundamental ' pillar ' upon which their religious practice rests .
Not surprisingly , however , this greatest of Muslim virtues is not made explicit , but rather is allowed to lurk hidden within the first of the five duties ( ' pillars ' ) required of all Muslim men .
The first pillar is the recitation ( preferably in Arabic ) of the creed , or shahada : " There is no god but Allah , and Mohammed is his prophet . "
If Allah is the only god in the neighborhood , Trinitarian Christians and Hindus are endlessly blaspheming true religion .
Despite the occasionally tolerant references in the Qur’an to " People of the Book " ( Jews and Christians in addition to Muslims ) , the non-Muslims need to be eliminated .
Convert them or kill them , or make them pay a religious ransom to continue the private practice of their religion .
( Of necessity , Muslims must reject the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . )
Atheists and Agnostics , who deny the reality of Allah , are also wicked blasphemers .
They need to be eliminated also .
It is preferable to kill them .
Such intolerance , of course , is not unique to Islam .
It is a natural attribute of all monotheistic religions .
The second pillar of Islam , salat , is daily ritual prayer .
This is mandatory only five times per day ( at dawn , noon , mid-afternoon , sunset , and nighttime ) , but extremely religious Muslims such as suicide bombers and aerial terrorists usually pray more frequently .
Prayer requires a person to face Mecca and the Ka‘aba , a roughly cubical building containing a magical black stone thought by some to be a meteorite .
( Archaeological and other evidence shows , however , that in the early years of Islam , prayers were directed at Jerusalem , not Mecca . )
Prayer is preceded by ritual purification and involves a series of bowings , prostrations , and recitations from the Qur’an .
On Fridays , prayer is communal and conducted in a mosque ( Arabic masjid , ' place for prostration ' ) .
Led by an imam ( from Arabic amma , ' to walk before ' ) , with worshippers standing in rows behind him , prayers normally are followed by a sermon .
( Contrary to common western opinion , it is not mandatory for sermons to contain the slogans " Death to America " or " Death to Israel . " )
Women do not generally attend these public prayers , and when they do enter into mosques they are segregated from the men .
Although this offends the western sense of sexual equality , it is quite understandable .
The minds of men bowing down to the ground might wander from thoughts of the singularity of Allah if their noses were merely inches away from the raised derrieres of women kneeling on prayer rugs in front of them .
Even if the women were completely shrouded in burqas , their intermingled presence would be a deterrent to patriarchal piety .
The third pillar of Islam is zakat , the giving of a fixed percentage of one 's property to the poor and the homeless .
Since there usually are no formal arrangements made for collection of zakat , this generally is the least burdensome of the five pillars .
O ften Non-Muslims have no idea that Muslims worship the same God and that Islam preaches compassion as well as hatred , charity , humility , and brotherhood as well as disdain for infidels .
Mohammad founded Islam in 610 CE after the angel Gabriel allegedly ...
Review ...
“ … I was quickly humbled by this guide , which showed me how much I had misunderstood .
I would recommend this to anyone interested in Islam … ” ( Catholic Herald , Nov. 2004 ) LINK : HDTV for dummies Link :
See the very popular for Dummies library
The fourth pillar is the fasting required during the lunar month of Ramadan , which can occur at any season of the year .
During this period , no food or drink may be consumed during daylight hours , although pregnant women and certain others may be exempted from this rule .
Feasting is obligatory at the end of Ramadan , but with both pork and alcohol being forbidden , this feast offers far less fun than that enjoyed at , say , Irish or Polish Catholic festivals .
The fifth and final pillar of Islam is the Hajj , the pilgrimage to Mecca every able - bodied Muslim is required to make at least once in his life .
Pilgrims must wear special dress , walk seven times around the Ka‘aba ( Arabic ka’bun , ' a cube ' ) , and kiss the talismanic black stone enshrined like an idol in the southeast corner of the edifice .
Although probably a meteorite — and thus a truly heavenly stone - the black stone is claimed to be one of the precious stones of paradise given by the angel Gabriel to the patriarch Abraham when he built the Ka‘aba — in Arabia , contrary to Jewish and Christian opinion !
Even though the stone has been stolen , burned , and broken , it is the veneration focal point for more than a billion Muslims in the world today .
( With so many Muslims required to come to Mecca , the logistics of the Hajj are rapidly bursting the bounds of the possible . )
The Ka‘aba temple is widely believed to be older than Mohammed , having housed the pagan Arabian pantheon .
All its idols were destroyed when it was adapted to serve the Islamic cultus .
When in Mecca kissing the Ka‘aba , it is also incumbent upon pilgrims to kill an animal in the Mina valley on the tenth day of the month of pilgrimage , since Allah , like the Yahweh of the Jews , is believed to enjoy having animals killed for his viewing pleasure .
( It is amusing to imagine what will happen if P.E.T.A. and the Animal Liberation Front ever get wind of this .
How Muslims would deal with the threat of animal - rights terrorism would be something worth watching closely . )
After killing a goat or other suitable sacrificial species ( for some reason , dogs and pigs are deemed unsuitable ) , most pilgrims then betake themselves to Medina ( Yathrib ) , a city located 210 miles north of Mecca , in order to pray at what is claimed to be Mohammed 's tomb .
( If there are in fact human remains in the tomb , it would be interesting to see if the DNA could be matched up to that of persons claiming descent from the prophet . )
I have been unable to learn whether pilgrims face the tomb or Mecca when performing their Medina prayers .
The Complete 101 Book Library of Atheism The Legend of Mohammed Although Mohammed is believed to have been born in the year 570 or 571 CE , it is not known what name he was given by his mother .
Mohammed ( ' praiseworthy ' or ' highly praised ' ) is obviously an honorific title , not a name .
In fact , once in the Qur’an ( at 61:6 ) he is called ’ Ahmad , which in Arabic means ' more praiseworthy ' , and at times his contemporaries are said to have called him al - ’ Amin , which means ' the trustworthy one ' .
Despite this problem , Muslims believe that Mohammed - whoever he may have been - was born in Mecca , an Arabian city supposed to have been located at the intersection of major caravan trade routes .
Orphaned early in life , when he reached the age of twenty - five ( 595 CE ) he married a wealthy widow named Khadija , fifteen years his senior .
According to a traditional account , Mohammed had married his boss - the merchant Khadija having been his employer at the time .
Only after her death in 620 did Mohammed begin to practice polygamy , taking perhaps a dozen wives .
Only one of his children survived , however , a daughter named Fatima .
( She married her father 's cousin ‘ Ali , making him the ancestor of all the prophet 's later descendants . )
Tradition also tells us that in the year 610 , while meditating in a cave outside Mecca , a supernatural voice ( later identified as the voice of the angel Gabriel , the same heavenly messenger that previously had delivered the results of the pregnancy test to the Virgin Mary ) commanded him to " Recite in the name of thy Lord , who created . "
Thus began the alleged revelations of the Qur’an .
This event is revered as the " First Call " of the prophet and has been immortalized as the " Night of Power . "
At least at first , Mohammed 's ' revelations ' were like those of other oracles , soothsayers , and religious con-artists whose utterances took the form of rhymed prose .
Mohammed convinced himself that he had been called to be a prophet in the tradition of the Jews and of Jesus .
He also convinced a small coterie of relatives and friends that he had tapped into a direct line to Allah .
This quickly led to friction with his tribe , the Quraysh , who were custodians of the Ka‘aba , which at the time was a pagan shrine housing all the idols of economic significance to his tribe .
As is necessary for foundation myths of virtually all religions , the first followers of the new faith had to endure persecution , fleeing to Christian Ethiopia around the year 615 .
While those Muslims - in - the - making were out of town , Mohammed and the disciples who had stayed with him in Mecca were confined under siege - to be starved into submission .
Just in the nick of time , Mohammed received a revelation that helpfully clarified the theopolitical questions at issue for the Meccan guardians of the gods in the Ka‘aba .
When Mohammed had reported that Allah was the only god in town , it turned out that he had n't received the entire satellite transmission .
Perhaps Gabriel had mumbled and Mohammed missed part of the message .
Would n't you know ?
The three favorite goddesses of Mecca - al - Lat , al - Uzzah , and al - Manat - were also real !
This saved Mohammed 's neck and all body parts attached thereto , and the exiles were able to return from Ethiopia .
Later , when it was safe to do so , this all - important revelation was expunged from the Qur’an and it was explained that the revelation had come from Shaitan ( Satan ) , not Allah .
Thus began the legend of the " Satanic Verses , " which more than a thousand years later was to prompt the Ayatollah Khomeini to issue a fatwa of death against the novelist Salman Rushdie .
To draw attention to the Satanic Verses is to galvanize a still - raw nerve in the body politic of Islam .
To draw attention to the Satanic Verses is to galvanize a still - raw nerve in the body politic of Islam .
The Satanic Verses are an acute embarrassment to Mohammedan authorities because they imply that it was Satan , not Allah , who had saved their prophet 's life .
If Allah was the only god , and if he had previously selected Mohammed to be his last and greatest mouthpiece on this planet , why did n't he save his own appointed prophet ?
Why would the god of evil want to save his enemy 's ambassador ?
Might not there be more Satanic Verses in the Qur’an — verses that have never been recognized as the handiwork of the prince of devils ?
Who knows what evils yet may lurk in the Book of Books ?
In any event , the Satanic Verses did n't solve Mohammed 's problems for the long term , and Mohammed and his gang would have to leave Mecca .
On 16 July 622 CE - a date that later would become the starting point of the Moslem calendrical era C — some of his disciples left for the town of Yathrib , several hundred miles to the north .
Mohammed and his friend Abu - Bakr followed them , arriving in Yathrib on 24 September 622 and renaming the town Medina ( Arabic al - Madinah , ' the city ' [ of the prophet ] ) .
Although the house - moving does not seem to have been all that remarkable to a western observer , it was considered to be a foundational event in the history of Islam .
In Muslim literature , the migration from Mecca to Medina is referred to as the Hegira ( Arabic hijrah ' migration ' ) .
While in Medina , Mohammed continued to dictate ' revelations ' to various of his disciples , apparently including some who were able to write .
( Mohammed is believed to have been illiterate . )
More importantly , however , he became a successful politician , contracting many alliances by means of marriages .
The most notable of these marriages was with Aisha , the infant daughter of Abu - Bakr , who became the most influential of all the prophet 's wives .
Many of the ' traditions ' of the prophet are claimed to have been transmitted through her .
Once his power base had grown sufficiently , Mohammed took to banditry , attacking a Meccan caravan led by Abu -Sufyan of the Quraysh tribe as it was returning from Syria in the year 624 CE , during the holy month of Ramadan when fighting was prohibited .
Somehow , the Meccans learned of this and rushed to the aid of the caravan , meeting 300 Muslims - in - the - making with a thousand Meccan fighters on a battlefield called Badr , approximately twenty miles southwest of Medina .
Naturally , a miracle occurred and the prophet 's force was victorious .
From this time forward , the name Islam ( ' submission ' ) was to belie the true nature of the militant polity which to this day is an obstacle in the path to planetary peace .
After consolidating his hold on Medina , Mohammed chased the Jews from their farms and divorced his developing system from both Judaism and Christianity .
He ordered the faithful henceforth to pray facing Mecca , not Jerusalem as had been the case up to then .
In 628 Mohammed obtained a truce with Mecca allowing his followers to make the pilgrimage to the Ka‘aba .
Mecca became the religious capital of Islam and Medina remained the political capital .
In 630 Mohammed attacked Mecca , conquered it , and smashed the 360 idols in the Ka‘aba .
He declared the territory surrounding the shrine to be haram — forbidden - to all non-Muslims .
Even today , no Atheist or Christian could visit the taboo area and escape with his life .
Indeed , the entire region of Saudi Arabia in which the holy cities of Mecca and Medina are located ( the Hijaz ) is considered by Wahabi Muslims such as Osama bin Laden to be haram and out - of - bounds for American military infidels .
On 8 June 632 , Mohammed came down with a truly killer headache and died suddenly .
He died in Aisha 's apartment and was buried right there .
( There is no proof whatsoever that he ever uttered the famous line , " Not tonight , honey , I 've got a headache . " )
Before he died , he had sent forces to attack Syria , beginning a struggle that would not end until a major part of the civilized world was subject to Arabs and their new - fangled religion .
The Legend of the Qur’an The Holy Qur'an : Text ,
Translation & Commentary Abdullah Yusuf Ali ( Editor ) The Qur’an / Koran ( Arabic Qur’an , ' reading ' or ' recitation ' ) , as everybody knows , is the bible of the Mohammedans .
It is the source of their ' knowledge ' that there is but a single god , Allah , and that for men ( and probably for women as well ) after death there will be a limbo - like state leading to the Last Day , the Resurrection , and Retribution .
In the thereafter , wicked men such as infidels will suffer damnation .
According to Sura 44:43 - 50 , the fruit of the Zuqqum tree will be their food and it will burn in their guts like molten brass and boil like scalding water .
They will be dragged into the midst of blazing fire and then , just for good measure , boiling water will be poured over their heads .
" In front of such a one is Hell , and he is given for drink boiling , fetid water .
In gulps will he sip it , but never will he be near swallowing it down his throat .
Death will come to him from every quarter , yet he will not die ; and in front of him will be a chastisement unrelenting " [ 14:16 - 17 ] .
Islamic
Hell would appear to be even worse than ' life ' in a Taliban society — which at least can be circumvented by death .
The Muslim Paradise is decidedly a man 's heaven , despite the fact that Sura 9:72 promises to both believing men and women " gardens under which rivers flow , to dwell therein , and beautiful mansions , in gardens of everlasting bliss . "
Sura 44:51 - 54 promises believers they will be rewarded in Paradise with houris ( Arabic hur ) " with beautiful , big , and lustrous eyes . "
Such damsels are clearly the reward for Jihad - fighting men .
That they could also be rewards for burqa ‘ - wearing women is unthinkable .
Occasional proof - texts to the contrary notwithstanding , Mohammed 's heaven is a penile paradise .
( It is a pity no reliable translation of the Qur’an exists in English ; all available English versions have been cleaned up and civilized by apologetic translators . )
As already noted , the Qur’an is supposed to have been revealed to the allegedly illiterate Mohammed over a period of years until his death in 632 CE .
( It is possible , of course , that his illiteracy was a fabrication designed to counter charges that Mohammed had written up the ' revelations ' himself and had been educated enough to be able to author the supposedly matchless Arabic prose with which they are expressed . )
There is a tradition that Mohammed dictated his revelations to his secretaries , who either memorized them or wrote them down on things like palm leaves , stones , and even perhaps camel shoulder blades 1 and other such publication media that existed in the advanced society which the Lord of the Universe had chosen as the model for all subsequent earthly societies .
Almost certainly , at the time of Mohammed 's death , no single manuscript of the entire Qur’an existed .
There is a tradition that indicates that immediately after the death of Mohammed in 632 , during the caliphate of his friend Abu Bakr [ 632-634 ] , his friend ‘ Umar ( Omar ) became alarmed over the fact that so many Muslims who knew by heart various parts of the Qur’an had been killed during the Battle of Yamama in Central Arabia .
Unless all parts of the Qur’an were collected , there was serious danger that irreplaceable rules and regulations for living would be lost forever .
Very shortly after the death of the prophet , then , Abu Bakr asked Mohammed 's former secretary Zaid ibn
Thabit to write down all those dicta still in people 's memories , the entire collection then being transcribed onto a more suitable writing material .
The Qur’an thus assembled passed from Abu Bakr after he died to his successor ‘ Umar , who in turn bequeathed it to his daughter Hafsa .
Ultimately , those precious words carried by Gabriel to Mohammed were transmitted to sinful mortals such as we - with perfect fidelity , so that we all can know Allah 's whims and wishes without ambiguity and without excuse .
The Legend of the Qur’an Examined Unfortunately for Islamic orthodoxy , this encouraging tale of Qur’anic origins proves to be a bit more complicated ( and less certain ) than the mullahs and ayatollahs would have us believe .
As is the case when trying to reconstruct the early history of any religion , there are conflicting traditions to be dealt with .
There is a tradition which has Abu Bakr first have the idea to collect the Qur’an , but other traditions give the credit to the fourth caliph , ‘ Ali - the Prophet 's son - in - law and cousin ( or brother , in one tradition ) .
( It is from ‘ Ali that the Shi‘a sect claims its descent . )
Adding to the uncertainty and confusion , there are versions that exclude Abu Bakr completely !
It is implausible , moreover , that such a task could be completed in a mere two years .
Furthermore , the warriors who fell at Yamama were apparently mostly new converts who would unlikely have known many verses by heart .
On top of this , it seems inexplicable that no publication of the Qur’an thus compiled was carried out .
Instead , it was treated as the private property of Hafsa .
It seems likely that the tradition of Abu Bakr 's collection was invented in order to establish the authenticity of the sacred text - by taking it as close to the time of the Prophet as possible .
2
It has also been suggested that the story was made up in order to take away the glory of Qur’anic creation from ‘ Uthman , the third caliph , who appears to have been widely disliked .
( This might explain why he was murdered in 656 CE . )
‘ Uthman became the third caliph [ 644-656 ] a mere dozen years after the time allotted by tradition to Mohammed 's death .
Tradition credits him also with having collected the Qur’an after being asked to do so by one of his generals , who complained that theological quarrels had broken out among troops from different provinces in regard to the correct readings of the Qur’an .
( Tradition is curiously silent as to where these different versions of the Qur’an had come from and who had written them down . )
It will be recalled that in the story of Abu Bakr 's Qur’an , it was the prophet 's secretary Zaid ibn
Thabit who wrote everything down .
Apparently unaware that he had done it all before , ‘ Uthman commissioned ibn
Thabit to prepare an official , standard text .
Supposedly , this was done with the aid of three representatives of noble Meccan families , who compared a copy of unknown provenance in the possession of ‘ Uthman with the ' leaves ' ( Arabic suhuf ) owned by ‘ Umar 's daughter Hafsa - the same manuscript that ten years earlier Zaid is supposed to have written out himself !
Copies of ‘ Uthman 's new version were sent to Kufa , Basra , Damascus , and Mecca some time between 650 and 656 , the year of ‘ Uthman 's death .
The ' original ' was kept in Medina .
All other versions of the Qur’an supposedly were destroyed .
Since we know absolutely nothing of the origins or authenticity of these other versions , we have no way to know that ‘ Uthman 's edition is the truest copy of the heavenly ' Mother of the Book ' .
The Qur’an emanating from ‘ Uthman looks suspiciously like the product of political expediency .
Lest even this analysis be thought to provide too much certainty regarding Qur’anic origins , there are discrepancies even in the traditions from which it has been constructed !
In some cases , the number of men on Zaid 's commission varies , and men known to have been enemies of ‘ Uthman are included on the roster .
Without a wink anywhere to be seen among the swarthy swappers of these traditions , men are included in the project who were already dead at the time they were supposed to have been enlisted for the job .
Finally , the ‘ Uthman traditions seem completely to be unaware of the ' fact ' that Zaid ibn Thabit had already transcribed the Qur’an ten years earlier , having himself produced the standard ' leaves ' in the possession of Hafsa .
( That the compiler of the Qur ’an did n't remember he had done it all before , let alone know by heart the entire text of Hafsa 's ' leaves ' undercuts the apologetic Muslim notion that the early Arabs involved in the transmission of the Qur’anic text had prodigious , ' Oriental ' memories . )
From the conflicting welter of traditions regarding the origins of the Qur’an there emerges a picture of somewhat coarse resolution .
It would appear that by the time of ‘ Uthman there had emerged a theopolitical class that was challenging the authority of the caliphs ( Arabic kalifa , ' successor ' ) , who had become the successors to Mohammed 's political office and were losing ground as successors to his religious authority .
The ubiquitous religious contest between priests and politicians was beginning to develop in what we may call Islam 's embryonic period .
Competing with the caliphs were the Qurra ( Arabic for ' reciters ' or ' readers ' ) - men who were the masters of large volumes of Qur’anic verbiage and could recite the supposed revelations when called upon to lead in worship or settle disputes .
Many Qurra claimed to have actually learned their verses from Mohammed himself , although many by now were second or even third scholarly generations removed from the Prophet .
The fact that the whole application of the Qur’an depended upon memory invited abuse .
Verses claiming to be Qur’anic revelations could be - and were - invented to serve the economic and political needs of individual Qurra .
( It is likely that some of these recited verses were written down in manuscripts of varying size , but of course , no Qur’anic manuscripts have survived from this period - forgeries to the contrary not withstanding . )
To consolidate the power of the caliphate and stop the abuses of the Qurra , it was necessary to eliminate the contradictory oral Qur’ans and replace them with a standardized written text , which could not be manipulated when expedient .
Exactly when this happened is not really known , but it may have taken place as early as the reign of the caliph ‘ Uthman [ 644-656 ] , as many traditions record .
Even so , Ibn Warraq has argued quite persuasively in his The Origins Of The Koran 3 that both the Abu Bakr and ‘ Uthmanic traditions of Qur’anic compilation and standardization are tendentious tales confected in later times .
The earliest account of the compilation of the Qur’an is that of Ibn Sa‘ad [ 844 CE ] , followed by Bukhari [ 870 CE ] and Muslim [ 874 CE ] .
4 ( Remember , Mohammed is supposed to have died in 632 CE . )
Ibn Sa‘ad transmits ten somewhat contradictory traditions in which the ' Companions ' of Mohammed had ' collected ' the Qur’an during the life of the prophet .
Still another tradition has ‘ Uthman ibn ‘ Affan collect the Qur’an , during the caliphate of ‘ Umar , not during the lifetime of Mohammed .
Still another tradition passed on by Ibn Sa‘ad attributes the collection of the Qur’an in suhufs to the caliph ‘ Umar himself !
More important in terms of influence , even though later , is Bukhari .
5
He reports a tradition in which the Qur’an was collected during the lifetime of Mohammed by four helpers : Ubai ibn Ka‘ab , Mu‘adh ibn Jabal , Zaid ibn Thabit , and Abu Zaid .
In another tradition , Ubai ibn Ka‘ab is replaced by Abud - Darda .
Still another tradition ' proves ' that the entire Qur’an was compiled under the caliphate of Abu Bakr and was exclusively the product of Zaid ibn Thabit .
This is followed in Bukhari 's account by the tradition which we have already examined , viz. , that Zaid had the help of three Qurayshites , and that all variant versions in the provinces were destroyed .
( Even though this account appears 238 years after the death of Mohammed and is 26 years later than the traditions recorded by Ibn Sa‘ad , this is the ' True Account ' accepted by most scholars writing before the modern period of skeptical inquiry . )
Yet further traditions about the origins of the Qur’an are found in Arab historians such as Waqidi [ d. 207 AH D / 823 CE ] who says that a Christian slave named Ibn Qumta was the amanuensis of the prophet , along with a certain ‘ Abdallah b. Sa‘ad b. Abi Sarh , who reported that " It was only a Christian slave who was teaching him [ Mohammed ] ; I used to write to him and change whatever I wanted . "
6
Of course , all the above traditions are wrong , for Hajjaj b. Yusuf Barhebraeus records that his boss the Caliph Abdul - Malik b. Marwan [ 684-704 CE ] was the collector of the Qur’an !
7
In this sand - storm of conflicting traditions , there is no way to descry in Muslim sources just when the Qur’an came into being as a written text .
Only an examination of Christian accounts from the early centuries of the Arab conquests can give us a clue .
The Monophysite patriarch of Antioch , John I , recording lengthy religious discussions with General ‘ Amr b. al - ‘ As on 9 May 639 CE says nothing that would indicate that the ' Hagarians ' or ' Ishmailites ' ( the earliest non-Muslim names for Muslims ) had a sacred book of their own - even though the general had been shown the Torah , the Prophets , and the Gospels of the Jews and Christians .
8
This was , of course , only around seven years after the death of Mohammed , during the fifth year of the caliphate of ‘ Umar .
Around 647 CE , during ‘ Uthman 's caliphate , the patriarch of Seleucia , Isho ‘ yahb III , wrote a letter which betrays no knowledge of the existence of the Qur’an , and scholars familiar with this famous character are certain he would have mentioned or quoted the Hagarian book if he had known of it or even simply had heard of it .
9
More than thirty years later still , in 680 CE , an anonymous writer from the time of the Umayyad caliphate of Yazid ibn Mu‘awiah discussed the Arabs as the simple descendants of Ishmael who still practiced the ancient Abrahamic faith and treated Mohammed as a purely military man , betraying no awareness of any religious function or role played by the conqueror .
Even in 690 CE , John Bar Penkaye — although an eyewitness of part of the Arab conquest - knows nothing of any Arabian sacred book existing during the caliphate of ‘ Abdul - Malik [ 685-705 ] .
10 Quite clearly , Christian historians during the entire seventh century of the common era had no idea that the Hagarite conquerors had a sacred book .
Only at the end of the first quarter of the eighth century does the Qur’an become the subject of argumentation by Nestorian , Jacobite , and Melchite Christians .
Somewhat later , their polemics are answered by the Muslims .
A lot can be learned from these arguments about Muslim Qur’anic traditions .
Of special interest is an apology for Christianity written around the year 835 CE by a certain al - Kindi , whose work was discussed in Alphonse Mingana 's " The Transmission of the Koran , " which has been reprinted by Ibn Warraq in his extremely useful book The Origins of the Koran .
11 Al - Kindi gives details of the stories circulating among the Muslims some two centuries after the death of Mohammed :
It [ the Qur’an ] was not at first collected in a volume , but remained in separate leaves .
Then the people fell to variance in their reading ; some read according to the version of ‘ Ali , which they follow to the present day [ i.e. , c835 CE ] ; some read according to the collection of which we have made mention [ a collection made by Abu Bakr himself ] ; one party read according to the text of Ibn Mas‘ud , and another according to that of Ubai ibn Ka‘ab .
Al - Kindi gives an account of the ‘ Uthmanic collection of the Qur’an which is recognizably the same as the one we have examined yet provides some interesting details for the story :
When ‘ Uthman came to power , and people everywhere differed in their reading , ‘ Ali sought grounds of accusation against him , compassing his death .
One man would read a verse one way , and another man another way ; and there was change and interpolation , some copies having more and some less .
When this was represented to ‘ Uthman , and the danger urged of division , strife , and apostasy , he hereupon caused to be collected together all the leaves and scraps that he could , together with the copy that was written out at the first .
But they did not interfere with that which was in the hands of ‘ Ali [ the hero of the Shi‘ites ] , or of those who followed his reading .
Ubai was dead by this time ; as for Ibn Mas‘ud , they demanded his exemplar , but he refused to give it up .
Then they commanded Zaid ibn Thabit , and with him ‘ Abdallah ibn Abbas , to revise and correct the text , eliminating all that was corrupt ; they were instructed , when they differed on any reading , word , or name , to follow the dialect of the Quraish .
When the recension was completed , four exemplars were written out in large text ; one was sent to Mecca , and another to Medina ; the third was despatched to Syria , and is to this day at Malatya ; the fourth was deposited in Kufa .
People say that this last copy is still extant at Kufa , but this is not the case , for it was lost in the insurrection of Mukhtar ( A.H. 67 ) .
The copy at Mecca remained there till the city was stormed by Abu Sarayah ( A.H. 200 ) ; he did not carry it away ; but it is supposed to have been burned in the conflagration .
The Medina exemplar was lost in the reign of terror , that is , in the days of Yazid b. Mu‘awiah ( A.H. 60 - 64 ) .
[ Emphasis added ]
Thus , by the year 835 CE , three of the four official copies of the Qur’an had been lost .
But of course , other versions of the Qur’an were intentionally destroyed :
After what we have related above , ‘ Uthman called in all the former leaves and copies , and destroyed them , threatening those who held any portion back ; and so only some scattered remains , concealed here and there , survived .
Ibn Mas‘ud , however , retained his exemplar in his own hands , and it was inherited by his posterity , as it is this day ; and likewise the collection of ‘ Ali has descended in his family .
[ Emphasis added ]
Assuming , as devout Muslims do , that the Qur’an contains the very words of Allah , how can one know that the version of the Qur’an surviving today is the correct one ?
Mohammedans are faced with the same problem Christians must resolve when asked the embarrassing question , " Since there once existed almost a hundred gospels that were sacred to various Christian groups , how do you know that just these four gospels are the right ones ? "
But the headache for Muslim apologists becomes a migraine , if what al - Kindi wrote is true : 12 Then followed the business of Hajjaj b. Yusuf , who gathered together every single copy he could lay hold of , and caused to be omitted from the text a great many passages .
Among these , they say , were verses revealed concerning the House of Umayyah with names of certain persons , and concerning the House of Abbas also with names .
Six copies of the text thus revised were distributed to Egypt , Syria , Medina , Mecca , Kufa , and Basra .
After that he called in and destroyed all the preceding copies , even as ‘ Uthman had done before him .
The enmity subsisting between ‘ Ali and Abu Bakr , ‘ Umar and ‘ Uthman is well known ; now each of these entered in the text whatever favored his own claims , and left out what was otherwise .
How , then , can we distinguish between the genuine and the counterfeit ?
And what about the losses caused by Hajjaj ?
The kind of faith that this tyrant held in other matters is well - known ; how can we make an arbiter as to the Book of God a man who never ceased to play into the hands of the Umayyads whenever he found opportunity ?
How , indeed !
It is immensely significant , I believe , that twenty years after al - Kindi , when ‘ Ali b. Rabbanat - Tabari was asked by the caliph Mutawakkil to write a counter - apology on behalf of Islam , 13 he addressed not a single one of al - Kindi's charges concerning the transmission of the Qur’an , falling back on a lame - but extremely perceptive - ad hominem : " If such people may be accused of forgery and falsehood , the disciples of the Christ might also be accused of the same . "
Amazon.com Widgets
Evolve Beyond Belief ...
Pick one up for a friend !
The Christian apologist receives unexpected corroboration from one of the most famous Muslim commentators on the Qur'an , as - Suyuti [ d. 1505 CE ] , who quoted Ibn Umar al - Khattab as saying , " Let no one of you say that he has acquired the entire Koran , for how does he know that it is all ?
Much of the Koran has been lost ; thus let him say , ' I have acquired of it what is available ' . "
14 He also quotes ‘ Aisha , the favorite wife of Mohammed as having said that " During the time of the Prophet , the chapter of the Parties used to be two hundred verses when read .
When Uthman edited the copies of the Koran , only the current [ 73 verses ] were recorded . "
( Among the alleged verses omitted was that of ' The Stoning ' , which is supposed to have been Allah 's order that " If an old man or woman committed adultery , stone them to death . " )
There remain more subtle problems , however , in the story of the transmission of Allah 's instructions to mankind after Gabe gave them to Mohammed .
Some of the suras of the Qur’an are extremely long chapters .
How could Mohammed have kept the whole thing in his head after only one hearing ?
How could his amanuenses and secretaries have remembered them , perhaps after a single recitation by the ecstatic reporter of Allah 's will ?
And when they wrote those priceless words down on leaves and stones and camels ' bones , how reliable was their record ?
Even today , Arabic is written in a defective script , which does not normally indicate the short vowels in words and makes the reading of Arabic extremely difficult for a non-native speaker of the language .
Furthermore , in ancient times , the problem was even greater .
For at least a century after the death of Mohammed in 632 , Arabic writing was ' unpointed ' - that is , the dots now placed above or below certain consonants to distinguish them were not used .
This could cause enormous ambiguity , since b , t , and th could not be distinguished from an initial or medial y ; f could be confused with q ; j , h , and kh would have looked the same ; r could not be distinguished from z , s from d , s from sh , d from dh , nor t from z .
So great is the ambiguity resulting from the defectiveness of the Arabic script that even after pointed texts appeared it was necessary to borrow ( perhaps from the Arameans ) a system for indicating the short vowels in the sacred text .
That this was understood to be of extreme theological importance can be inferred from the fact that today the Qur’an is practically the only book in which these vowel marks are employed — apart from Arabic language textbooks and dictionaries used to teach the throat disease believed by pious Muslims to be the language in which the creator of the universe speaks .
The problem of this defective script led to a situation in which different centers of Islamic studies had variant rules concerning the pointing and vocalization of the sacred text .
Variant texts survived , despite ‘ Uthman 's attempts at creating a Procrustean uniformity .
Ibn Warraq 15 quotes Charles Adams declaration that " It must be emphasized that far from there being a single text passed down inviolate from the time of ‘ Uthman 's commission , literally thousands of variant readings of particular verses were known in the first three [ Muslim ] centuries .
These variants affected even the ‘ Uthmanic codex , making it difficult to know what its true form may have been . "
The problem of ambiguity never ceased to plague Muslims who desired an absolutely certain version of Allah 's instructions on camel - castrating or whatever .
Under the direction of the Qur’anic scholar Ibn Mujahid [ d. 935 CE ] , 16 there was a canonization of a specific consonantal system and a limit was placed on the vowels that could be used .
This resulted in seven officially sanctioned systems for reading of the Qur’an , although some scholars accepted ten readings and still others found fourteen of merit .
In the end , just three systems prevailed : the Medina system of Warsh [ d. 812 CE ] , the Kufa system of Hafs [ d. 805 ] , and the Basra system of ad - Duri [ d. 860 ] .
Presently , only two of these seem to be in evidence : the system of Hafs , which was adopted for the Egyptian edition of the Koran issued in 1924 , and the system of Warsh , which is used elsewhere in Africa .
( Although Muslim apologists often claim that the seven versions pertain only to methods of recitation , this simply is not true . )
17 Clear proof that Qur’anic texts have evolved can be seen from the fact that the first Qur’anic ( more accurately , pre-Qur’anic ) quotations known are found on coins and inscriptions dating toward the end of the seventh century .
Many of these differ from the canonical text .
Substantial differences from the canonical text are also found in the ornamental inscriptions decorating the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem , executed during the reign of Abd al - Malik in the seventy - second year of the Islamic era [ 691-692 CE ] .
Finally , some scholars have concluded that much of the Qur’an actually predates Mohammed , being liturgical material that was used by monotheistic Arabs , perhaps Judaeo - Christians or the mysterious Hanifs to whom Mohammed joined himself early in his career .
Much of this material , of course , was unintelligible to later commentators of the Qur’an who had to invent far - fetched explanations for the obscurities .
After this lengthy investigation of the origins and transmission of the Qur’an , we can only come to the conclusion that Muslims have even less grounds for thinking they have the genuine words of a god than do the Christians with their epistles and gospels .
In Islam as in Christianity , a god is made to say what is expedient to support the theopolitical claims of the parties that created him - parties that make a living selling him to hapless buyers who have no Better Business Bureau to which they can appeal .
The Legend of Mohammed Examined A modern book written for beginning English - speaking Muslims 18 very well summarizes the legend that needs to be examined critically :
The life of Muhammad is known as the Sira and was lived in the full light of history .
Everything he did and said was recorded .
Because he could not read and write himself , he was constantly served by a group of 45 scribes who wrote down his sayings , instructions and his activities .
Muhammad himself insisted on documenting his important decisions .
Nearly three hundred of his documents have come down to us , including political treaties , military enlistments , assignments of officials and state correspondence written on tanned leather .
We thus know his life to the minutest details : how he spoke , sat , sleeped [ sic ] , dressed , walked ; his behaviour as a husband , father , nephew ; his attitudes toward women , children , animals ; his business transactions and stance toward the poor and the oppressed ; his engagement in camps and cantonments , his behaviour in battle ; his exercise of political authority and stand on power ; his personal habits , likes and dislikes - even his private dealings with his wives .
Within a few decades of his death , accounts of the life of Muhammad were available to the Muslim community in written form .
One of the earliest and the most - famous biographies of Muhammad , written less than [ a ] hundred years after his death , is Sirat Rasul Allah by Ibn Ishaq .
The fire of these ardent assertions is quenched , however , by the cold water supplied by Professor John Burton , 19 an Islamologist at the University of St. Andrews , as he comments on a translation of al - Tabari's History as it deals with the life of Mohammed :
None will fail to be struck by the slimness of a volume purporting to cover more than half a century in the life of one of History 's giants .
Ignoring the pages tracing his lineage all the way back to Adam and disregarding the merely fabulous with which the author has padded out his book , is to realize how very meagre is the hard information available to the Muslims for the life of the man whose activities profoundly affected their own as well as the lives of countless millions .
Of the childhood , the education of the boy and the influences on the youth , all of which set the pattern of the development of the man , we know virtually nothing .
We simply have to adjust to the uncomfortable admission that , in the absence of contemporary documents , we just do not and never shall know what we most desire to learn .
How is an interested observer to choose between these diametrically opposite opinions concerning Mohammed ?
Only by examining the evidentiary sources upon which every Life of Mohammed must be based can we decide .
So we must briefly survey the material that has come down to us .
Sources of Information on Mohammed Evidence on the life of Mohammed is derived from literary sources , papyri and manuscripts , inscriptions , coins , and archaeology .
The literary sources include the Sira ( a life of Mohammed written by Ibn Ishaq ) , the Maghazi ( an account of the military acts and bandit raids of Mohammed , ascribed to al - Waqidi , d. 823 ) , the Hadith ( originally oral reports about the sayings and deeds of Mohammed ) , the Qur’an , the tafsir ( commentaries on the Qur’an ) , and the writings of early non-Muslim critics and observers .
The Hadith Since much of the literary evidence ultimately is derived from the oral traditions captured in the Hadith ( or books of traditions ) , it is well to begin our criticism of the life of Mohammed by inquiring into the reliability of the Hadith .
The Hadith are alleged to be the collected records of what Mohammed did , what he enjoined , what he did not forbid , and what was done in his presence .
They also contain the supposed sayings and deeds of the prophet 's companions .
Each item is traced back to Mohammed by means of an isnad , a chain of supposedly honest witnesses and transmitters .
The substance of such a report is called a matn , and the total tradition of Islamic law and morals derivable from the accredited Hadith is known as the sunna .
Adherence to the sunna for guidance in all matters for which the Qur’an is either obscure or silent is a defining characteristic of the major Muslim sect of the world today , the so - called Sunni .
( The other major group of Muslims , the Shi‘ites , do not generally honor the sunna , and trace their origin to a very early dispute over who should have been the immediate successor of Mohammed , siding with Mohammed 's cousin and son - in - law ‘ Ali and arguing that the leadership should have remained in Mohammed 's family . )
The Hadith are especially important in post - 9 - 1 - 1 America , where constant propaganda in favor of Islam is being broadcast even as part of television news programs .
" Islam is a religion of peace , " it is said .
" Islam gave rights to women , " they tell us , not mentioning Sura 2:282 which accords a woman only half the weight of a man as a witness in court .
We are assured that " It is contrary to Islam to commit suicide , " and that the kamikaze terrorists were not " true muslims . "
Repeatedly it is argued that the Qur’an forbids the sort of things that the Sunni E terrorists did to the Twin Towers and the Pentagon .
While it is true that a selective reading of the Qur’an can justify this self - serving twaddle , it is nevertheless ignoring a major source that , with very little effort , can be manipulated to justify the moral outrages that have been inflicted on our nation and other parts of the civilized world .
That source is , of course , the Hadith .
It was the Hadith plus the Qur’an that justified the Taliban in their restoration of the Dark Ages .
It was the same two ' moral guides ' that propelled the kamikaze martyrs on their one - way flights up to the houris in heaven .
Sunni Muslims accept six collections of Hadith as authentic traditions of Mohammed .
These include the compilations of al - Bukhari [ d. 870 ] , Muslim ibn al - Hajjaj [ d. 875 ] , Ibn Maja [ d. 887 ] , Abu Dawud [ d. 889 ] , al - Tirmidhi [ d. 892 ] , and al - Nisai [ d. 915 ] .
In addition to these six collections , there is the Musnad of Ahmad ibn Hanbal [ d. 855 ] , an encyclopedia which contains nearly 29,000 Hadith !
Reminding ourselves that Mohammed died in 632 , we must immediately question the authenticity of traditions recorded well over two centuries after his time .
To be sure , each Hadith is supported by an isnad tracing its transmission back to Mohammed .
Nevertheless , modern scholars have been able to demonstrate that the vast majority of these isnads are fabrications created to serve the theopolitical needs of their inventors .
Indeed , the fraudulent nature of most of the Hadith was detected already in olden times .
Al - Bukhari , the first of the above - named collectors , traveled from country to country to collect Hadith .
He was successful beyond his wildest dreams , discovering that more than 600,000 Hadith were current in his day .
20 Unfortunately , careful study convinced him that of that vast number only around four thousand were authentic - and European scholars would discard at least half of that two - thirds of one percent !
Islamic apologists face a terrible problem in the Hadith .
Assuming as they do that the story of al - Bukhari is true , how can they be sure that not even one of those rejected 596,000 Hadith had been authentic ?
How can they know that all of the four thousand are in fact true reports of Mohammed 's words and deeds ?
Surely , the story of al - Bukhari is a powerful discreditation of the whole idea of Hadith .
When we learn that many collectors paid people to cough up new and useful Hadith , and when we read even in Muslim sources that people often created Hadith to support the pet projects and political needs of their masters , it is obvious that we are not likely to find much if any authentic information about the historical Mohammed in the Hadith .
The Sira and Maghazi Well into the second Muslim century , scholarly opinion concerning the birth date of the Prophet was spread over a space of eighty - five years !
Although the names of some seventy historians are known who are believed to have dealt with the life of Mohammed and the prehistory and early history of Islam up to the year 1000 CE , their works have not survived and they are known only from quotations in later historians .
The Sira , or biography of Mohammed , is mainly known from a work by Ibn Ishaq [ c85 / 704 — 150 AH / 767 CE ] .
Ibn Ishaq was born into a family of Medina that made a living procuring Hadith , and he followed the family trade , ending his career in Baghdad .
A number of early Muslim critics held him to be a liar 21 in regard to his Hadith , and it is somewhat ironic that he has ended up being the earliest Muslim historian whose work is relied upon by modern Mohammedan apologists .
Unfortunately , his work has not survived in its original form .
Rather it has been transmitted in two highly altered and differing recensions : the most popular one made by Ibn Hisham [ d. 218 AH / 833 CE ] and another one made by Yunus b. Bukayr [ d.
199 AH / 814-815 CE ] .
Some parts of Ibn Ishaq 's work that were suppressed by Ibn Hisham and Yunus b. Bukayr can be found in quotations in the works of fourteen other historians writing 110 to 199 years after the Hegira .
As a result , Ibn Ishaq 's Sira has to be reconstructed from the works of sixteen later historians !
22 Doing so , however , is hardly worth the effort , considering the poor reliability of the entire Sira literature .
The Maghazi , it will be remembered , is the chronicle of Mohammed 's bandit raids and military activities .
One of the earliest authors known to have collected Maghazi legends was Wahb b. Munabbih , who was born 34 years after the Hegira [ 654 CE ] and lived until the year 110 AH [ 728 CE ] .
A fragment of his work has survived in the Heidelberg Papyrus ( early third / ninth centuries ) which contains Maghazi traditions attributed to him .
It is important to note that Wahb did not know about the use of isnads — the chains of transmitters used to establish the authenticity of traditions .
23
It seems likely then , that any isnads found in scraps of early historians are not authentic but were the creations of later historians who wished to give the appearance that their traditions are anchored in the secure moorings of primal Mohammedanism .
Perhaps the major source for this part of Mohammed 's life is the Kitab al - Maghazi by al - Waqidi [ 130 / 747-207 / 822-823 ] .
24
He was a Shiite and is credited with having first established the chronology of the early years of Islam .
He made extensive use of Ibn Ishaq 's work and is himself cited extensively by the later popular historian al - Tabari [ c224-225 / 839—311 / 923 ] .
Ibn Warraq sums up the historical significance - or lack thereof - of Ibn Ishaq and al - Waqidi : 25 Both Ibn Ishaq and al - Waqidi 's reputations have suffered in recent years as a consequence of the trenchant criticisms by Patricia Crone ( especially in Meccan Trade and the Rise of Islam , pp. 203-30 ) , where she argues that much of the classical Muslim understanding of the Koran rests on the work of storytellers and that this work is of very dubious historical value .
These storytellers contributed to the tradition on the rise of Islam , and this is evident in the steady growth of information : " If one storyteller should happen to mention a raid , the next storyteller would know the date of this raid , while the third would know everything that an audience might wish to hear about it . "
Then , comparing the accounts of the raid of Kharrar by Ibn Ishaq and al - Waqidi , Crone shows that al - Waqidi , influenced by and in the manner of the storytellers , " will always give precise dates , locations , names , where Ibn Ishaq has none , accounts of what triggered the expedition , miscellaneous information to lend color to the event , as well as reasons why , as was usually the case , no fighting took place .
No wonder that scholars are fond of al - Waqidi : where else does one find such wonderfully precise information about everything one wishes to know ?
But given that this information was all unknown to Ibn Ishaq , its value is doubtful in the extreme .
And if spurious information accumulated at this rate in the two generations between Ibn Ishaq and al - Waqidi , it is hard to avoid the conclusion that even more must have accumulated in the three generations between the Prophet and Ibn Ishaq . "
Thus , the biography of Mohammed is very much like that of Jesus Christ : the later the biographer , the more he ' knows ' about his character .
The earliest sources know little or nothing about their lives , and biographies are built up from ' facts ' that successive retailers of tales ' discover ' as needed .
It has been shown 26 that the Sira ( and almost certainly the Maghazi as well ) depends to a large extent upon the Hadith , which we have already seen are mostly factitious creations of theopolitical propagandists .
Moreover , many Hadith have been shown to be etiological expansions of Qur’anic passages , created to provide a causal biographical or historical background for particular ' revelations ' .
This means that much of the Sira has been inferred from ambiguous or unintelligible passages in the Qur’an !
Would - be biographers of Mohammed are faced with a chicken - or - egg conundrum at this point , since the Qur'an itself would appear to be a somewhat special collection of Hadith — many of which appear to have been manufactured for sale .
The unreliability of the Sira as a source of information regarding the life of Mohammed affects even the supposedly foundational datum of his birth having been in the year 570 / 571 CE .
Lawrence Conrad 27 has shown that well into the second Muslim century , scholarly opinion concerning the birth date of the Prophet was spread over a space of eighty - five years !
If Muslim scholars during that crucial formative century had not yet decided when Mohammed had been born , what can we believe of the other dates that later became ' facts ' of Muslim chronology ?
That the year 622 CE was indeed of early significance to the evolving religion has been confirmed from coins which mark it as the beginning of a new era .
Nevertheless , there is no seventh - century source that identifies this year as the year of the Hegira .
Two Nestorian Christian documents of 675 and 680 designate it as the year of " the rule of the Arabs . "
Casting yet another shadow on the doctrine of the Hegira as being a migration that took place in 622 CE is the Apocalypse of Samuel al - Qalamun , written in the eighth century .
In this Coptic Christian prophecy , despite its having been composed in Arabic in Egypt , the term Hijra ( Hegira ) is employed for the Arab conquerors themselves , not for their move from Mecca to Medina !
So completely has the critical examination of Muslim sources revealed the unreliability of the Sira as a biography and the weakness of all available biographical data , a number of Soviet scholars have been able to argue quite coherently that the historical Mohammed is as unreal as the historical Jesus !
N. A. Morozov , 28 for instance , propounded the theory in 1930 that Mohammed and the first caliphs were mythical figures and that Islam was a form of Judaism until the time of the Crusades .
In the same year , Klimovich 29 published " Did Muhammad Exist ? " and argued that all our information on Mohammed is late and that his life was a necessary fiction springing from the euhemeristic notion that all religions have to have had a founder and that all the gods were once men .
Yet another Soviet scholar , S. P. Tolstov , compared the myth of Mohammed with the deified shamans of the Yakuts , et al. 30 and argued that the practical purpose of the Mohammed myth was to prevent the disintegration of a political block of traders , nomads , and peasants which had helped a new feudal aristocracy come to power .
It is not necessary to agree that Mohammed is a myth in order to understand the practical significance of the fact that such a view could be advanced in serious scholarly circles .
Even if Mohammed did exist , we can know nothing about him from the existing sources .
He might as well have been a myth .
The Witness of the Infidels After considering the records of early non-Muslim sources that reported on the Arab conquest or ancient writers who wrote about the caravan trade before or during the supposed time of Mohammed , a writer styling himself " Ibn al - Rawandi " 31 integrated those dates into his deep understanding of the Muslim sources for their version of Islamic history and concluded that Once the Arabs had acquired an empire , a coherent religion was required in order to hold that empire together and legitimize their rule .
In a process that involved a massive backreading of history , and in conformity to the available Jewish and Christian models , this meant they needed a revelation and a revealer ( prophet ) whose life could serve at once as a model for moral conduct and as a framework for the appearance of the revelation ; hence the Koran , the Hadith , and the Sira , were contrived and conjoined over a period of a couple of centuries .
Topographically , after a century or so of Judaeo - Muslim monotheism centered on Jerusalem , in order to make Islam distinctively Arab the need for an exclusively Hijazi origin became pressing .
It is at this point that Islam as we recognize it today - with an inner Arabian biography of the Prophet , Mecca , Quraysh , Hijra , Medina , Badr , etc. - was really born , as a purely literary artefact .
An artefact , moreover , based not on faithful memories of real events , but on the fertile imaginations of Arab storytellers elaborating from allusive references in Koranic texts , the canonical text of the Koran not being fixed for nearly two centuries .
This scenario makes at least as much sense of the sources as the traditional account and eliminates many anomalies .
From the vantage point of this skeptical analysis the narrative related in the Sira , that purports to be the life of the Prophet of Islam , appears as a baseless fiction .
The first fifty - two years of that life , including the account of the first revelations of the Koran and all that is consequent upon that , are pictured as unfolding in a place that simply could not have existed in the way it is described in the Muslim sources .
Mecca was not a wealthy trading center at the crossroads of Hijazi trade routes , the Quraysh were not wealthy merchants running caravan up and down the Arabian peninsula from Syria to the Yemen , and Muhammad , insofar as he was anything more than an Arab warlord of monotheist persuasion , did his trading far north of the Hijaz ; furthermore , Mecca , as a sanctuary , if it was a sanctuary , was of no more importance than numerous others and was not a place of pilgrimage .
Space will not allow examination of all the non-Muslim sources and other evidence that led al - Rawandi to these startling opinions .
However , a few points can be noted .
The tenth - century Armenian historian Thomas Artsruni ( Ardsruni ) understood Mohammed 's base of operation to be in Midian , not in South Arabia , and identified Mecca with the Pharan located in Arabia Petraea , which comprised modern Jordan down into the Sinai peninsula .
32 Information on the qibla , the direction in which early Muslims prayed , comes from the tenth - century Coptic bishop of Ashmunein in Egypt , Severus b. al - Muzaffa 33 and from the Muslim historian Baladhuri , 34 who tells us that the qibla in the first mosque at Kufa ( in Iraq ) was westward , instead of south - southwest as would be the case if present - day Mecca were its focus .
Added to other information that Jerusalem , not Mecca , was the focus of early Muslim worship , the archaeological discovery THAT an ancient mosque under the Great Mosque of Wasit was not oriented toward Mecca adds weight to the thesis that the Muslim movement started in northern , not southern , Arabia , and that the traditional story of Mohammed 's movement from Mecca to Medina and back is a foundational myth concocted to completely Arabize a conquest history which found it necessary to distance itself from Judaism and Christianity for theopolitical reasons .
Investigation of the role of Mecca in the origin and early evolution of Islam leads to the startling conclusion that the Mecca of Muslim tradition never existed - perhaps being as fictional as the Nazareth in the foundation myth of Christianity .
In the Mohammedan sources , Mecca is depicted as a wealthy trading center , a natural crossroads for caravan shipment of goods by prosperous merchants not only from Yemen in the south to Syria and the Roman empire in the north , but also for east - west trade as well .
35 Unfortunately , the classical geographers who showed considerable interest in Arabia knew nothing about it .
( The Macoraba of Ptolemy , which some Muslim apologists claim to have been Mecca , is derived from a different root and clearly was not relatable to the present - day city in the southern Hijaz . ) &ngsp;36
The only place name in Ptolemy which conceivably could be related to the name ' Mecca ' is Moka , a town in Arabia Petraea in present - day Jordan .
Patricia Crone 37 sums up the evidence of non-Muslim sources as it pertains to the myth of Mecca :
It is obvious that if the Meccans had been middlemen in a long - distance trade of the kind described in the secondary literature , there ought to have been some mention of them in the writings of their customers .
Greek and Latin authors had after all , written extensively about the south Arabians who supplied them with aromatics in the past , offering information about their cities , tribes , political organization , and caravan trade ; and in the sixth century they similarly wrote about Ethiopia and Adulis .
The political and ecclesiastical importance of Arabia in the sixth century was such that considerable attention was paid to Arabian affairs , too ; but of Quraysh and their trading center there is no mention at all , be it in the Greek , Latin , Syriac , Aramaic , Coptic , or other literature composed outside Arabia before the conquests .
This silence is striking and significant .
This silence cannot be attributed to the fact that sources have been lost , though some clearly have .
The fact is that the sources written after the conquests display not the faintest sign of recognition in their accounts of the new rulers of the Middle East or the city from which they came .
Nowhere is it stated that Quraysh , or the " Arab kings , " were the people who used to supply such - and - such regions with such - and - such goods ; it was only Muhammad himself who was known to have been a trader .
And as for the city , it was long assumed to have been Yathrib .
Of Mecca there is no mention for a long time ; and the first sources to mention the sanctuary fail to give a name for it ; whereas the first source to name it fails to locate it in Arabia .
[ The Continuatio Arabica gives Mecca an Abrahamic location between Ur and Harran . ]
Jacob of Edessa knew of the Ka‘ba toward which the Muslims prayed , locating it in a place considerably closer to Ptolemy 's Moka than to modern Mecca or , in other words , too far north for orthodox accounts of the rise of Islam ; but of the commercial significance of this place he would appear to have been completely ignorant .
Whatever the implications of this evidence for the history of the Muslim sanctuary , it is plain that the Qurashi trading center was not a place with which the subjects of the Muslims were familiar .
With the disappearance of Mecca from the list of documentable facts concerning the origins of Islam and the life of Mohammed , the character known as Mohammed of Mecca becomes as problematic as the character Jesus of Nazareth .
Despite the claims of some Christian archaeologists otherwise of good repute , the archaeological and literary evidence shows that the place now known as Nazareth did not exist as an inhabited town during the first centuries BCE and CE .
Without a Nazareth to come from , Jesus of Nazareth now seems as historical as the Wizard of Oz .
Unexpectedly and quite surprisingly , the debunking of the Mecca of Muslim tradition makes it now seem likely that Mohammed of Mecca will soon be joining Jesus of Nazareth , the Wizard of Oz , and Peter Pan as a resident of Never - Never Land .
FOR MORE INFORMATION
The present essay has been greatly dependent upon the excellent books written or compiled by Ibn Warraq and published by Prometheus Books .
Readers wishing to attain a solid understanding of the difficult subject of Mohammedan origins are urged to obtain and read these books :
The Quest for the Historical Muhammad
by Ibn Warraq
Edited and translated by Ibn Warraq .
Prometheus Books , Amherst , New York : 2000 .
Includes articles by early - modern and recent critical scholars concerned with the origins of Islam .
Publishers Weekly : " ... Warraq has provided a highly readable critical survey of the literature of this quest ... "
The Origins of the Koran :
Classic Essays on Islam's Holy Book
by Ibn Warraq
Pick one up for a friend !
Edited by Ibn Warraq .
Prometheus Books , Amherst , New York : 1998 .
Includes articles by early - modern and recent critical scholars concerned with the origins of the Qur'an .
Book : Why I am not a Christian by Bertrand Russell THE LAW OF SHARIA
A Woman's Plight Early in December of 2001 , a Sharia religious court of appeal in Muslim - dominated northwest Nigeria ordered a stay of execution for a woman who had been sentenced by a lower court to be stoned to death for having sex outside of marriage .
The woman contended that she had been raped .
The court granted the stay to allow Safiya Hussaini , 33 , to appeal her sentence by a lower Sharia court in the state of Sokoto .
The woman is a divorced mother with five children who would be orphaned and probably perish if the execution were carried out .
The court imposed the sentence after Hussaini asked it to compel a man to pay for her infant daughter 's naming ceremony .
She charged he had raped her three times and impregnated her .
When she charged the man with rape , the court dismissed the charges against him , citing a lack of evidence because she was the sole witness .
After dismissing the rape charge against the man , the lower Sharia court then charged the woman with adultery and sentenced her to death in mid-October .
She was given thirty days to appeal .
According to Sura 2:282 of the Qur’an , the testimony of a woman is equal to only half the testimony of a man , so Hussaini 's appeal will automatically be trumped by the rapist 's counter - charge .
Hussaini was sentenced to death because she was divorced .
Had she never been married , the sentence would only have been one hundred lashes .
The fate of her five children , of course , was of no concern to the religious court .
The Nigerian federal government has said it will not allow the sentence to be carried out , but officials in Sokoto indicated that the federal government had not contacted them about the up - coming stoning .
Nigeria is not yet " One Nation Under God , " since Sharia has been imposed on less than a half of its 36 states .
More than a thousand people have lost their lives in riots protesting the introduction of religious law .
570 CE
Birth of Mohammad ?
575 CE
Persian occupation of souther Arabia 576 CE
Death of Mohammad 's mother , Amina ?
602 CE
End of Arab principality of Hira on Iraq - Arabian borderlands 610 CE
Mohammed 's first ' revelation ' ?
613 CE
Mohammad begins preaching
Flight of his followers to Ethiopia ?
619 CE
Deaths of Khadija and Abu Talib ?
620 CE
Mohammed 's " Night - Flight " from Mecca to Jerusalem and then to the Seventh Heaven ?
622 CE
Hegira of Mohammed from Mecca to Media ?
Islamic era begins July 1 Muslims win the Battle of Badr ?
Jewish tribe of al - Nadhir is crushed and expelled "
" The War of the Trench , " where Muslims in Medina repulse attack from Mecca ?
627 CE
Jewish Qurayza tribe attacked by Mohammed ?
Treaty of Hudaybiyya ?
Truce with the Quraysh ?
Jews of Khaybar are exterminated ?
630 CE
Mohammed conquers Mecca ?
632 CE
March , Pilgrimage of farewell ?
Dead of Mohammed ?
Abu Bakr becomes first caliph ?
633-637 CE
Arabs conquer Syria and Iraq 636 CE
Battle of Qadisiyya , defeat of the Persians 639- 642 CE
Conquest of Egypt 650 CE
Capture of island of Arwad 656 CE
Murder of ‘ Uthman ?
Beginning of first civil war in Islam ?
657-659 CE
Battle of Siffin
Murder of ‘ Ali
Beginning of Umayyad dynasty
Massacre of Husayn and Alids at Karbala 683-690 CE
Second civil war 685-687 CE
Revolt of Mukhtar in Iraq
Beginning of extremist Shia ‘
‘ Abd al - Malik introduces Arab coinage .
Muslims land in Spain .
Umayyads give way to abbasids .
Umayyad prince ‘ Abd ar - Rahman is Amir of Cordova .
762-763 CE
Foundation of Baghdad by Mansur 809-813 CE
Civil War of Amion and Mamun 813-833 CE
Reign of Mamun
Development of Arabic science and letters The Caliphs Orthodox Caliphs
11-40 AH / 632-661 CE ?
Abu Bakr 11 / 632 ?
‘ Umar 13 / 634 ?
‘ Uthman 23 / 644 ?
‘ Ali 35 - 40 / 656-661 ?
Umayyad Caliphs
41-132 AH / 661-750 CE
Abbasid Caliphs in Baghdad / Iraq
132-656 AH / 749-1258 CE
Footnotes : A In transliterating Arabic , Hebrew , and other Semitic languages several special characters are required for sounds that either are not found in English or are not recognized as separate sounds having their own alphabetic characters .
The character | ’ | is used to represent the glottal stop - the brief constriction of the throat that occurs when one pronounces a vowel at the beginning of an isolated word , but which is often absent when the word is preceded by an .
Thus , we have ’apple , pronounced with a glottal stop , but ’an apple which , when smoothly pronounced , lacks the glottal stop before the second a .
In Semitic languages , the glottal stop is given a symbol of its own and has the honor of being the first letter of the alphabet - alef - although in Arabic it carries a special diacritical mark called hamza to make it clear that the glottal stop is actually pronounced .
Modern Arabic and ancient Hebrew have another special sound , a deep - throated , laryngeal glide , which is lacking in English but is considered to be a separate letter of the alphabet - ayin - and is transliterated with the special character | ‘ | .
The difference between alef | ’ [ and ayin | ‘ | can be illustrated by two rather undignified examples .
A string of alefs ( glottal stops ) is pronounced when one imitates the sound of a machine - gun : ’aa !-’aa !-’aa!-’aa!-’ aa!
The ayin , on the other hand , is the dipping glide one makes when imitating the sound of an automobile engine being started up when it 's ten below zero : ‘ aah ‘ aah ‘ aah ‘ aah ‘ aah .
Arabic , like most Semitic languages , has three gradations of aitch .
The lightest of them , transliterated as h , is identical to the aitch of English .
The harshest of them , usually transliterated as kh , is like the ch in the German name Bach .
The middle aitch , transliterated with the special character h , is pretty much like the sound one makes when breathing heavily on bifocals to fog them for cleaning .
B
The term Muslim is classical Arabic , whereas Moslem is colloquial Arabic , where u has changed to o , and i has changed to e .
Thus , Mohammed is the colloquial equivalent of Muhammad , and Umar becomes Omar .
C The Muslim calendar , like the Jewish calendar , is a lunar calendar - the year consisting of six months of 29 days and six months of 30 days each .
This adds up to only 354 days , creating a discrepancy with the solar year of a little over three years per century .
Unlike Jewish calendrical practice , no attempt is made to bring the Moslem year into accord with the solar year ( the Muslim calendar falls behind eleven days every solar year ) , intercalary days are added every three years or so to make up for the fact that a lunation is a bit more than 29.5 days lone .
D AH = Anno Hegirae , ' In the year of the Hegira ' , reckoned from 16 July 622 CE .
E
Most of the terrorists , especially those from Arabia , have been members of a fundamentalist Sunni sect known as the Wahabis .
Founded by Mohammed ibn-‘ Abd-al - Wahab [ 1703 - 1791 CE ] of the Najd region of Central Arabia , it is noted for its rejection of all ' novelties ' absorbed by Islam , rejecting music and the wearing of silk or jewelry .
Wahab rejected consensus of opinion as a source of authority .
By marriage he became allied with the family of Saud - the ruling family of Saudi Arabia today .
Recently , an Internet news site made the unconfirmed claim that the great majority of imams who lead American mosques are Wahabis .
Reference Notes : 1 Alphonse Mingana , The Transmission of the Koran , " in The Origins of the Koran , edited by Ibn Warraq , Amherst : Prometheus Books , 1998 : 108 .
2 Ibn Warraq , " Introduction , " in The Origins of the Koran , 11 . 3 Ibid. , 13 . 4 Mingana , op .
cit. , 98 . 5 Ibid. , 99 . 6 Ibid. , 102 . 7 Ibid. , 102-103 . 8 Ibid. , 104-106 . 9 Ibid. , 106 . 10 Ibid. , 107 . 11 Ibid. , 108-109 . 12 Ibid. , 109 . 13 Ibid. , 110 . 14 Ibn Warraq , Koran , 14 . 15 Ibid , 15 .
16 Ibid , 16 .
17 Ibid , 17 . 18 Z. Sardar and Z. A. Malik , Muhammad for Beginners , 1994 , quoted by Ibn al - Rawandi , " Origins of Islam : A Critical Look at the Sources , " in The Quest for the Historical Muhammad , edited and translated by Ibn Warraq , Amherst : Prometheus Books , 2000 : 89-90 . 19 Ibn al - Rawandi , op .
cit. , 90 . 20 Ibn Warraq , " Studies on Muhammad and the Rise of Islam , " in The Quest for the Historical Muhammad , 44 - 45 .
21 Ibid. , 27 . 22 Ibid. , 27 - 28 . 23 Ibid. , 26 . 24 Ibid. , 28 . 25 Ibid. , 29 . 26 Ibid. , 48 . 27 Quoted by Ibn al - Rawandi , op .
cit. , 102-103 . 28 Cited by Ibn Warraq , Muhammad , 49 . 29 Cited ibid. , 49 . 30 Ibid. , 49 . 31 Ibn al - Rawandi , op .
cit. , 104-105 . 32 Ibn Warraq , Muhammad , 33 . 33 Ibid. , 33 . 34 al - Rawandi , op .
cit. , 96 . 35 Ibid. , 98 . 36 Ibid. , 98 . 37 Patricia Crone , quoted by al - Rawandi , op .
cit. , 99 .
When challenging the former Fed Chair about the Volcker Rule , Sen. Mike Johanns ( R. , Neb . ) learned why Tall Paul is not a man to be trifled with .
The Senator accused Volcker and the White House of trying to add the onto an already confusing proposal .
Volcker ’s response was utterly classic :
>
“ I tell you sure as I am sitting here , that if banking institutions are protected by the taxpayer and they are given free reign to speculate , I may not live long enough to see the crisis , but my soul is going to come back and haunt you . ”
>
Hat tip Real Time Economics
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama 's health - care overhaul faces an uncertain battle in the Senate after a narrow weekend victory in the House revealed the continuing divide among Democrats .
The bill passed by a 220 - 215 margin late Saturday after fractious debate .
Thirty - nine Democrats voted against the measure .
One Republican , Rep. Anh " Joseph " Cao of Louisiana , unexpectedly voted in favor .
In a Rose Garden appearance Sunday , Mr. Obama said he is " absolutely confident " a health - care bill also will pass through the Senate .
But its narrow passage in the House , where the Democrats have a large majority , underscores the difficulties ahead .
Senate Democrats are struggling to agree on how to pay for the overhaul and whether to create a new public insurance plan to compete with private insurers , as the House did .
Friction over how the bill treats abortion , which almost derailed the House vote , is likely to divide the Senate too .
" If the public option plan is in there , as a matter of conscience , I will not allow this bill to come to a final vote , " Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I. , Conn . ) said on Fox News Sunday .
" Great pictures go straight to the heart , " he says , " so I understand that any slight change to them is an emotive subject for many people .
But as far as I 'm concerned , my work – just like that of all the restorers before me – is in no way a vital part of a picture .
It 'll last 200 years , say , and then it 'll be the next restorer 's turn .
The solvents we use for cleaning these days are significantly diluted , too , so we 're not making any changes that are irreversible . "
In the middle of the night we were sleeping , all of a sudden she climbs on top of me and starts having her way with me .
I was delirious because I was trying to sleep , and I did n't really know what was going on .
I had to wake up early the next day and I was tired so I feel it was against my will and is therefore rape .
Should I call the police ?
There 's no magic going on here , just obfuscation .
Let 's take a high - level view .
The first thing to notice is that later on , every character in strings is interpreted as if it were the previous character :
[ 1 ] map{chr ( ord ( ) - 1 ) } ...
Thus , a string like " 6qD " will result in " 5rC " ( the characters before ' 6 ' , 'q ' , and ' D ' , respectively ) .
The main point of interest is the array of strings near the beginning :
[ 2 ] " >>> E ! ) " , " >>> E ) " , " >>> E " , " > > > " , " > > " , " > " , " "
This defines a sequence of " masks " that we will substitute later on , into this string :
[ 3 ] " 9$ _*\x{0e} "
They 'll get inserted at the $ _ point .
The string \x{0e} represents a hex control character ; notice that \x{0d} , the character just before it , is a carriage return .
That 's what 'll get substituted into [ 3 ] when we do [ 1 ] .
Before the [ 3 ] string is assembled , we prepend a number of !
equal to i to each element in [ 2 ] .
Each successive element gets one more !
than the element before it .
Notice that the character whose value is just before !
is a space .
The rest of the script iterates over each of the assembled array elements , which now look more like this :
[ 4 ] " !!!!!9>>>E!) \x{0e} " , ---> " 8===D ( " " !!!!!!9>>>E) \x{0e} " , ---> " 8===D ( " " !!!!!!!9>>> E\x{0e} " , ---> " 8===D " " !!!!!!!!9>>>\x{0e} " , ---> " 8=== " " !!!!!!!!!9>>\x{0e} " , ---> " 8 == " " !!!!!!!!!!9>\x{0e} " , ---> " 8= " " !!!!!!!!!!!9\x{0e} " , ---> " 8 "
Then the reverse operation appends the same elements in reverse , creating a loop .
At this point you should be able to see the pattern emerge that produces the animation .
Now it 's just a matter of moving through each step in the animation and back again , which is accomplished by the rest of the script .
The timestep delay of each step is governed by the select statement :
[ 5 ] select undef , undef , undef , 0.25
which tells us to wait 250 milliseconds between each iteration .
You can change this if you want to see it speed up or slow down .
Revolting against a " culture of free " online content , publisher Axel Springer is charging for articles appearing on the Web sites of the Hamburger Abendblatt and Berliner Morgenpost newspapers .
Active in 35 countries with more than 170 titles , Axel Springer is Germany 's largest newspaper publisher and third - largest magazine publisher .
Earlier this month it launched an iPhone " app " enabling users to read two of its other newspapers , Bild and Welt , on a paid - subscription basis .
The Hamburger Abendblatt charges 7.95 euros ( $ 11.60 ) while the Berliner Morgenpost charges 4.95 euros per month of access primarily to local and regional news .
Most national and international news on the sites is still free , as are sports , culture and service sections .
Print - edition subscribers do not have to pay for online access .
Purchasing individual articles through micropayments is not possible , which has drawn some criticism of the new payment structure 's viability .
Experts skeptical
Axel Springer sells more than 170 publications in 35 countries
Wolfgang Schweiger , professor of public relations and communication of technology at the Ilmenau University of Technology , said he would be more optimistic about the paid - content approach if publishers cooperated more behind the scenes .
" The most promising solution would be if all media outlets banded together and created a pricing cartel , " he said .
" As long as comparable free offerings are available it will be difficult . "
Whether online journalism can eventually support itself and newspapers can maintain the value of their journalistic brands remains to be seen , according to Schweiger .
" We are in the middle of an enormous structural change , and the problem is none of us know exactly where we 're headed , " he said .
Struggle to survival
Similar paid access has been met with limited success in other countries , but German newspapers say they need to act to avoid further losses .
The Berliner Morgenpost was founded in 1898
" We 've dared to take the initiative , because our news is too valuable to keep giving it away , " Hamburger Abendblatt Deputy Director Matthias Iken announced in the paper .
Axel Springer 's chief executive Mathias Doepfner recently said the company 's initiative to charge premiums for online content is a long - term investment into counteracting the assumption that it should be free .
It may not be possible to finance quality journalism through online advertising alone , he said .
Author : Gerhard Schneibel ( with AFP / dpa )
Editor : Sean Sinico
Updated
In December 2009 , 61 - year - old Martin Grove of Tweed Heads , shot himself in a neighbouring front yard .
This came after months of harassment from local teenagers and refocused attention on the lack of police in the Tweed region .
Source : 7.30 New South Wales | Duration : 12 min 43sec
Transcript
QUENTIN DEMPSTER , PRESENTER : Just two weeks before Christmas , 61 - year - old Martin Grove , a resident of the Tweed , rode his bicycle to the front yard of a nearby house and shot himself .
The event did more than just shock the community .
It put the spotlight on the behaviour of a group of out - of - control teenagers who witnesses say pushed Martin Grove over the edge .
The Tweed is an idyllic coastal spot just south of the border with Queensland 's Gold Coast .
But some residents now say they are living with fear and they often feel intimidated by behaviour on the streets .
The death of Mr Grove has now brought the issue of community safety to a head .
Sharon O'Neill reports .
CARMEL JONES , VOLUNTEER RESCUE :
That morning , he rang me and said , " Get out of bed , gal .
What a beautiful sunrise it is up here .
You should be up here to see it . "
And he was not in any depressed frame of mind .
SHARON O'NEILL , REPORTER :
It was Friday morning , December 11 last year .
CARMEL JONES : I was driving up the road and he was driving down .
I gave him a wave and he gave me a salute .
SHARON O'NEILL : 61 - year - old Martin Grove had just finished his regular night shift at the Volunteer Marine Rescue at Point Danger in Tweed Heads .
Was he good at his job ?
BERNIE GABRIEL , PRESIDENT VOLUNTEER MARINE RESCUE : Very , very good .
Yes .
No-one had complaints about Martin .
Martin was a man that you could rely on , in an emergency , regardless of what it was .
SHARON O'NEILL : But while Martin Grove was volunteering his nights out of a sense of duty to the community , a gang of local teenagers was vandalising his property .
When he arrived home that Friday morning , it was not a pretty sight .
CARMEL JONES :
He found the trash all over the place and his car was trashed .
I think the front windscreen was extremely damaged , there was garbage all over his lawn , defecation all over his entrance , pot plants everywhere else .
It must have just pushed him over the edge .
SHARON O'NEILL : From all accounts , Martin Grove knew who was responsible for the damage to his property , and on that Friday morning , he got on his push bike and rode a few hundred metres around the block to this house , where he shot himself in the front yard .
CARMEL JONES : I was thunderstruck .
They called me into the main office there ' cause I was out in the radio room and they sat me down and they said , " We 've got some terrible news to tell you . "
And I thought , " Oh well , someone 's resigned , " you know .
And they said , " Martin 's just shot himself . "
SHARON O'NEILL :
The harassment of Martin Grove by a group of young local offenders had been going on for months .
CARMEL JONES : Well , he 'd say at times , " They 've cut off my power again to the house , " or , " They 've shot through my front windows , " or , " They 've trashed all my pot plants , " or , " They 've vandalised my gardens , " " They 've emptied my garbage bin all over the place when I got home , " " They 've defecated all over my entrance , " and sometimes when he was riding his bike up to work , a car would go past and it was n't water bombs that they threw at him , it was urine bombs .
GEOFF PROVEST , TWEED MP :
You 've got a number of young people there that carry on a great deal of anti-social behaviour .
There appears to be very little parental control , parental supervision .
I know that our DOCS have taken a very active interest in there .
And also , there is a lack of police presence out there and that 's probably due to our lack of police numbers within the area .
SHARON O'NEILL :
But the horror of Martin Grove 's suicide did not put an end to the problems in this neighbourhood .
Three weeks after his death , Phillip Gadsby was riding home after having a few drinks at a local club .
PHILLIP GADSBY : I looked up to the left ( inaudible ) , seen a group of people , about 20 , 25 people .
They seen me .
Somebody there must have identified me from living up the road , and they said , " That 's him !
That 's him !
Get him , get him , get him ! "
And I said , " I 'm going , I 'm going , I 'm going home . "
With that , I was on my pushbike .
I tried to do a U - turn .
They chased me down .
One of 'em hit me in the ear from behind and a split second later I 've copped some sort of bat in the mouth .
SHARON O'NEILL : Phillip Gadsby called the police when he got home , but he says they did n't arrive for almost an hour and a half .
He went to hospital and required stitches in his mouth .
Several of his teeth will need to be replaced and he has a perforated eardrum .
Do you think that the people that were harassing Martin were involved in the incident with you ?
PHILLIP GADSBY : Definitely , definitely , because where I got attacked was probably 50 feet from where he shot himself .
And that 's their little meeting spot at the street right up there and they all seem to congregate there , and then they disperse and go do their little crime spree , whatever they do .
SHARON O'NEILL : According to local residents , these teenagers along with others who come from outside the area are responsible for continuous property damage and harassment , particularly on the most vulnerable : those who live alone and the elderly .
PHILLIP GADSBY : They 're fearless .
They know they 're above the law .
They 're like - they 're just - they really do n't care .
They do n't care what they do , they just think they 're tough amongst themselves .
You know , I think that 's what their mentality is .
SHARON O'NEILL : And does everybody in the area know who the culprits are ?
KELLY , NEIGHBOUR : Yeah , yeah , pretty much .
SHARON O'NEILL :
And does it surprise you that they just continue to do it and get away with it ?
KELLY : It does , really , because , like , the police officer lately , since the person that shot himself , they 've been casing the area hours on hours on end through the night .
And , like , you see them drive past and stuff - the culprits ride past and nothing happens .
They still cause trouble .
SHARON O'NEILL : Geoff Provest is the local State MP for the Tweed .
He says the lack of police presence is a huge problem , not just in West Tweed Heads , but throughout the region .
GEOFF PROVEST : We have one policeman per 750 of the population .
The state average is one per 550 .
It 's just inadequate and we 've been pushing the case .
We 've had several murders in our areas through youth gang violence .
We suffer one of the highest amounts of illicit drugs confiscation in our local area .
ANDREW EPPELSTUN , NSW POLICE ASSOCIATION :
We have just a very compelling argument to say we need a Drug Squad here .
I also believe that , look , if Tweed Heads was a Sydney Labor - held seat that we would n't even have to voice these concerns .
SHARON O'NEILL : Andrew Eppelstun is chairman of the Tweed Branch of the NSW Police Association .
ANDREW EPPELSTUN : Now this area is basically the second fastest - growing area in NSW out of Sydney .
There is a population shift up here and the demands that it places on policing - we 're not keeping up with the allocation of staff to the way the area grows .
SHARON O'NEILL : Tweed Heads is a diverse community .
As a popular retirement location , the area is the second highest in the state for residents over the age of 65 .
But it also has a high percentage of single parent families .
One in three families in the Tweed has only one parent living at home .
GEOFF PROVEST : We have some really good non -for - profit organisations like On Track and the Family Centre and that , but if you talk to them , they 're scratching .
They 're overwhelmed with the current demand for their services and they just can't service anyway .
So part of the cure is actually to work on prevention .
SHARON O'NEILL : St. Joseph's Youth Service is a supported accommodation program for young homeless people living in the Tweed .
It provides a lifeline for those who have no alternatives .
JAMES : I had a lot of difficult times living at people 's houses and that and I had nowhere to go , so - ' cause my mum pretty much did herself in .
And once I found St. Joey 's I kinda got into the organisation and had a roof over my head .
SHARON O'NEILL : Had you not been able to hook into this program , what do you think could have happened to you ?
JAMES : I try not to think about that .
I could still be in and out of friend 's houses , or if not , living on the street and just have worser problems and , like , I might not have woken up .
JOHN STOREY , ST .
JOSEPH'S YOUTH SERVICE :
We do need a lot more resources , you know .
You Know , I believe we do a great job with the money that we get , but certainly we could do with more properties for accommodation .
We could do with more support workers .
I do n't know whether that 's the solution , but obviously , you know , people , young people need somewhere to go .
I mean , there is a lot of people - young people uncaptured in this area that are living in all forms of accommodation .
KELLY : If I did n't have the support that I 've got , I probably would n't have my kids .
I 'd be honest , I probably would not have my kids .
I would not be able to cope on my own .
GEOFF PROVEST : There 's a lot of good kids in this town , a real lot , and I 'd say it 's only a small minority , but what 's been happening is that they 've been spiralling out of control .
Last year alone we had 2,300 kids reported either child abuse or kids in need to our local DOCS agencies .
Last year alone we had 100 kids taken away from their families .
Now , if you look at those figures , that is escalating at around 20 per cent each year , and my concern is it 's getting worse , it 's not getting better .
SHARON O'NEILL : Geoff Provest says the Tweed area is crying out for greater resources , but the requests fall on deaf ears .
In the meantime , he 's trying to facilitate a community response to the growing crime problem with some of the area 's young people and he says that response has to involve the kids themselves .
GEOFF PROVEST : Too many of these youth programs I 've seen here in the Tweed dismally because no - one has bothered to go out and ask the kids exactly what the issues are .
TEENAGER : Well every time a tourist or something walks past me and my boys we always get a stare like we 're gonna jump 'em or something , like we 're gonna roll 'em , but we 're really not like that .
SHARON O'NEILL : Local youth worker Neil Pengilley agrees the kids needs to be part of the solution , but like everyone else in the Tweed , he was shocked by the death of Martin Grove .
NEIL PENGILLEY , YOUTH WORKER : First reaction from me was , " Were any of my kids involved ? "
The first thing I needed to find out were they involved , and I call them " my kids " because I work with so many of 'em .
And I 've since found out that possibly one of those , maybe more , but I have n't got confirmation of who 's there .
SHARON O'NEILL :
And so when you found that out , the young person that you knew , were you shocked that he could be involved with something that might lead to someone taking their own life ?
NEIL PENGILLEY : Yeah , I was .
It really sorta ripped the heart out of me in knowing that the kid that I know and the kid that I work with is a great kid , you know , and to find out that he 's possibly been involved in this was something that was sort of a bit tough to take .
SHARON O'NEILL :
It 's probably too soon for the residents of West Tweed to consider sitting down and talking to the local kids about solutions .
In a community still in shock by the events of last December , the only talk now is of revenge .
Do you think it 's coming to that ?
PHILLIP GADSBY : Oh , for sure , it will , unless something is done by the police , these people are charged and disbanded , unless the police just split 'em all up , I 'm pretty sure it 's gonna come to that , yeah .
SHARON O'NEILL : Martin Grove has still not been replaced at the Volunteer Marine Rescue .
BERNIE GABRIEL : People like that are not that easy to find , so he will be hard to replace , and not only in his job but also as a person known to us , and we 're very , very upset about the whole thing .
CARMEL JONES :
The people round here are determined that this is not to be swept under the table .
This has gotta stop .
That 's their statement : it 's got to stop .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER : Sharon O'Neill reporting .
A police investigation into the death of Martin Grove has been conducted with the results handed to the coroner .
Police say they are constrained in what they can publicly say about this case , but there are many other issues arising for the community and policing in the Tweed .
With chants of " so-so- so- solidarite ! " a major protest against Parliament prorogation took place at Emilie - Gamelin Park Saturday .
Approximately 400 demonstrators were on hand to lend their voices to more than 40 rallies planned across the country to protest the Conservative government 's decision last month to call a Parliamentary time out .
" A minority government that represents less than half of Canada decided that they can prorogue parliament in the same year that we 're going to be hosting the Olympics , the G8 and G20 summits .
I think it's an embarrassment to our country that our government would do such a thing , " said protestors Cameron Fenton in Montreal from the group Canadians Against Proroguing Parliament .
One large protest was expected in Ottawa , where demonstrators were joined by Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff , the NDP's Jack Layton and the Green Party 's Elizabeth May .
Organizers said the protests are a reaction against what many feel is an abuse of power by Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's government .
In Montreal , Liberal MP Marlene Jennings said the prorogation was a tactic to allow Harper to evade pressing issues .
" Mr. Harper does n't like to be accountable .
Any time Mr. Harper is asked hard questions that he does n't want to answer , we 've seen what he does :
He cuts and runs , " said Jennings .
" King Stephen the First will be King Stephen the Last , and we 're going to get rid of the conservatives and Stephen Harper as soon as possible , " said NDP MP Thomas Mulcair .
Harper requested that Parliament be prorogued as the opposition parties pressed the Conservatives on the Afghan prisoner abuse issue .
The pause also coincides with next month 's Olympics , with some critics complaining that the government is muting criticism as the world comes to Vancouver .
Parliament will resume again in early March .
Parliament was also suspended in December 2008 , in response to an opposition plan that aimed to dethrone the Conservatives .
Toronto protest organizer Jonathan Allen said protests began with a Facebook group that has now attracted upwards of 210,000 members .
" We bestow upon the government the authority to govern , but we do not bestow upon them the authority to abuse their constitutional privileges , " said Allen .
" It 's just not right , actually , " said Allen .
Allen said protests will also take place in major cities in other countries .
" These are concerned expatriate Canadians that are not happy with the fact that the government has decided to prorogue Parliament for partisan purposes , as opposed to the good of the state . "
With files from CTV.ca News Staff
Laura Chinchilla points toward a crowd of supporters as she gives her victory speech after winning the Costa Rica general election .
She becomes Costa Rica 's first female president and the fifth in Latin America
Credit : AFP / GETTY
By Tom Feilden
Today programme
Imagine the scene - you 're standing in the deserted street of a ramshackle wild west town , Colt 45 strapped to your thigh , the music of Ennio Morricone floating on the air .
Somewhere off to the right a shutter bangs in the wind .
Tumbleweed skitters by .
Up ahead a grim - faced man dressed all in black ( if it 's a poncho you 're in real trouble ) stands ready to draw his six - shooter .
What happens next will decide whether you live or die .
Should you go for your gun , or wait for him to make the first move ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
We all know Hollywood 's answer :
In the movies the hero always waits for the man in the black hat to move first , securing the moral high ground , before beating him with superior quick - fire skills .
But in the real world , logic dictates that the gunslinger who draws first has a clear advantage .
In a duel to the death , where every second counts , a head start should make all the difference .
If only everything in life was so simple .
New research from the University of Birmingham suggests the best strategy may actually be to wait for the other guy to make his move .
In a series of " laboratory gunfights " - with pistols replaced by electronic pressure pads - researchers found that participants who reacted to their opponent 's movement were on average 21 milliseconds faster to the draw .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Professor Andrew Welchman , who lead the research , puts this down to the " quick and dirty " nature of instinctive responses .
Reacting to your opponent 's movement turns out to be significantly faster than the conscious decision - making process involved in choosing to draw your gun .
" In our everyday lives some of the movements we make come about because we decide to make them , while others are forced upon us by reacting to events , " he says .
As a general strategy for survival , these reactive responses seem pretty useful , he says .
" It could mean the difference between life and death when you are trying to avoid an oncoming bus . "
Twelve Bohr But the Birmingham team , whose research is published in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society ' B ' , are not the first to make this journey .
Physicist Niels Bohr - not a man to take on in a gunfight
It turns out that the celebrated Danish physicist and Nobel laureate , Niels Bohr , liked to take time off from figuring out the structure of the universe by watching westerns .
Bohr noticed that the man who drew first invariably got shot , and speculated that the intentional act of drawing and shooting was slower to execute than the action in response .
Here was a hypothesis that could be tested , and with the aid of cap guns hastily purchased in a Copenhagen toyshop , duly proved it .
In a series of mock gunfights with colleagues Bohr always drew second and always won .
According to Manjit Kumar , the author of Quantum , Bohr 's prowess as a gunslinger was such that his victims wrote a ditty about him .
On pistols and lead , now Bohr had to prove
The defendant is quickest to move .
Bohr accepted the challenge without a frown
He drew when we drew , and shot each one of us down .
This tale has a moral , tho ' we knew it before .
It 's foolish to question the wisdom of Bohr .
In developing his theory of the shootout Bohr went on to suggest that the logical conclusion was a negotiated settlement .
Since neither protagonist would want to draw first , there was nothing to do but talk .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Today is Valentine 's Day .
Not that I would know much about that sort of thing .
That said , if there was any player on the New Jersey Devils that most people would want as their valentine , then I 'd say it would probably be Zach Parise .
Zach Parise # 9 / Left Wing / New Jersey Devils Height : 5 - 11 Weight : 190 Born : Jul 28 , 1984
Zach Parise does n't just have the looks , he 's got the knack for goal scoring .
He 's constantly in motion on the ice .
When he 's hungry for the puck , the opposition is n't going to so much stop him as much hope that they can contain him .
Despite his size , he 's strong along the boards and can often be found around the net for goals .
At the mere age of 25 , Parise is the team 's top offensive player , an absolute joy to watch on the ice , and one of the best American hockey players in the NHL today .
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Zach Parise 60 28 33 61 24 20 6 1 3 0 265 10.6
A few weeks ago , a fellow associate at the Rock told me that he had a theory about Parise .
That Parise tends to score his goals off rebounds and loose pucks and up close - very few long shots .
I figure that with what will be a very unhappy month in review tomorrow , there can be something to smile about .
So why not take a closer look at Zach Parise 's goals ?
Thanks to NHL.com keeping a video archive of every goal this season , I was able to put the following chart together .
I noted about where he was when he scored and noted if there was a special way in how he scored each of his 28 goals this season .
I also included direct links to each goal from NHL.com in case you want to check out a particular goal and relive some happy Parise moments .
Here 's hoping he can continue scoring in Vancouver , because we know he 'll keep scoring in New Jersey upon return .
Here 's two more charts breaking down the where and the how for Parise 's goals from the above chart :
Parise 's location for goal # of Goals Percentage Parise in the slot 10 35.71 % Parise at the crease 11 39.29 % Parise not in slot or crease 7 25.00 %
Special note about the goal # of Goals Percentage Off rebound 5 17.86 % One - timer 4 14.29 %
Shot off loose puck 3 10.71 % Breakway goal 5 17.86 %
Off d-man 's skate in front 2 7.14 % Deflection 1 3.57 % Re-direction 3 10.71 % Swept in by goalie 's stick 1 3.57 % Nothing of special note 4 14.29 %
From my observations and review of each and every one of Zach Parise 's 28 goals , it is clear that he scores most of them right in front of the net or in the slot .
75 % of his 28 goals this season have come from those areas on the ice .
This should n't be so surprising given how often Parise is down low on offense .
In fact , in this Puck Prospectus article about Shot Quality and the Minnesota Wild , Gabriel Desjardins shows where most shots and goals are scored in the NHL : in the slot and close to the net .
Granted , the data Desjardins used was from the 2008 - 09 season , but I highly doubt it has changed significantly this season - and Parise 's goals are evidence of that .
When a commentator says he has a nose for the net or he has a knack on picking up loose pucks , it 's not just a figure of speech or a cliche .
Parise truly is exceptional at locating and firing on loose pucks at a close range .
At least 60 % of his goals are off loose pucks , rebounds , re-directions , or plays that happen right in front of the net .
This value does n't even include the breakaway goals he has scored on .
The theory offered by my associate is correct - at least so far this season .
This is n't to say that Parise has an abysmal shot or is only accurate up close ; just that he 's been incredibly effective and successful at close range .
Like a lot of players :
We can conclude , OK , Parise 's range could use some improvement ; but honestly , 28 goals in 61 games is n't bad either .
Should Parise work on his range of shooting , specifically his accuracy , he can become that much more of a threat - the potential is tantalizing , thinking about it .
Until then , the Devils should see Parise 's abilities as a feature instead of limited by range .
His linemates should understand how good he is around the net , and take the puck inside whenever they can .
Easier said then done , of course , given that most defensive tactics are designed to prevent the offense from easily getting into the slot .
Then again , as I saw on the video on several of these goals , Parise is just so aware of what 's going on that he knows when to step in , where to find the puck in traffic or position himself for an opportunity , and strike for a goal .
Parise 's skills down low and in the slot are truly a gift and a sight to behold for Devils fans .
Here 's some final tidbits : Parise only has three empty net goals , which are goals # 3 , # 5 , and # 23 on the chart .
Two of those are " long range " attempts that went in .
Parise also scored 6 power play goals , which are goals # 1 , # 7 , # 17 , # 22 , # 26 , and # 27 on the chart .
Lastly , the Devils are 16 - 6 - 1 when Parise scores a goal .
Perhaps that 's more of a coincidence than anything else ; but when Parise scores , it 's usually a good thing for New Jersey .
Let me know what you think about Zach Parise 's goals and his game in the comments .
Thanks for reading and enjoy the rest of Valentine 's Day .
Draws with her left hand , writes with her right .
Website .
Insty .
DevArt
Cloud Blog ☁️
Shop
Drop -shadows and gradients are two of the most common design elements on the web .
You ’ll find them accompanying many different styles .
They ’re handy effects for web designers because they ’re attractive , useful and easy to create with any graphics program .
But they have a dark side : they ’re frequently abused .
Using amateurish drop - shadows or gradients is almost as bad as affixing a scarlet letter to your shirt to let the world know you ’re a beginner or a hack .
Even subtle , barely noticeable mistakes can create tensions that undermine otherwise beautiful and effective designs .
In this article , we ’ll look at what drop - shadows and gradients do , we ’ll talk about how to use them effectively and we ’ll look at some examples of mistakes and how to fix them .
What Do Drop - Shadows and Gradients Do ?
The job of a web designer is to create patterns of color for glowing two - dimensional screens .
( There are a few exceptions to this : websites can be viewed on , say , a Kindle screen , which does n’t glow ; and websites can be printed out on paper . )
These screens do not reflect the real world ; they ’re not even very much like the real world .
For this reason , we have no real imperative to make the patterns on our websites bear any relationship to objects in the three - dimensional world we live in .
Operating systems like Unix and DOS have an interface that is nothing but colored text on a screen .
Others , like Windows and Mac OS X , are filled with the illusions of real objects .
OS X , for instance , has a dock that looks like a table with a shiny surface that recedes in the distance , a menu bar whose beveled edges make it look like it bulges out slightly , and scroll bars that appear to have translucent lozenges .
All of these effects are metaphors .
They treat certain elements that we can interact with on screen as though they were three - dimensional objects that interact with light sources in the way that objects in the non-digital world do .
It ’s a funny thing to do , in a way : all of these light sources and edges and shapes are pure fantasy .
Because the objects on the screen are imaginary , why should we relate them to the objects in the real world ?
The illusion of space connects the imaginary to a world we are comfortable living in .
The most important reason why we relate imaginary objects to real - world ones is that we are experts at interacting with objects in our three - dimensional world .
We have experience in dealing with three - dimensional objects , and we have accumulated knowledge of the visual code that tells us about the relationships of objects to each other in space .
It ’s partially because the feat of interpreting light is so remarkable that we take such pleasure in illusion , or in creating the appearance of objects .
We are often more engaged by dramatically life - like paintings of common objects like houses and apples than we are by the objects themselves .
We humans have created drawings for thousands of years that are intended to present the ideas of objects .
Illusory lozenges and tables on the screen are nothing but the most recent manifestation of this long tradition .
There ’s more to it than pleasure , though .
Shape and position give us information about how objects relate to each other .
The long vertical lozenge shape of the scroll bar in the Safari window , for instance , creates the illusion that it sits “ higher , ” or closer , to me than the elements surrounding it .
This gives it greater importance in the design , which is appropriate because the scroll bar is an essential interface element for navigating the page .
Visual metaphors create perceived affordance .
By appearing as an object , the scroll bar creates “ perceived affordance . ”
That is , it links itself by way of metaphor to the properties of real objects that lend themselves to particular uses .
A beveled button on a web page , for instance , communicates that it affords pressing .
We can make anything on a page clickable , but associating a clickable element with the image of something pressable suggests its function in a clear , obvious and even pleasing way .
Drop -shadows and gradients are basic tools for creating the illusion of space .
Drop -shadows and gradients are two tools that help create the illusion of three - dimensionality and suggest the spatial relationships of objects on the page .
When done well , this three - dimensional information makes a design more beautiful and more understandable .
In the real world , drop - shadows are created when an object blocks a light source from striking a surface that is behind it .
This is one of the reasons why people say that drop - shadows make two - dimensional designs “ pop ” : because they make objects appear to stick out from , or float above , other elements .
Gradients appear when one part of an object is closer to a light source than another part .
As a result , the closer part appears lighter , and the farther part appears darker .
( Gradients get more complex , of course , when multiple light sources interact or when light sources have different colors . )
So , by mimicking the effects of light in the real world , drop - shadows and gradients communicate information about metaphorical objects , imaginary light sources and their relationships .
How To Use Drop - Shadows and Gradients Effectively
Here is one possibility : do n’t use drop - shadows or gradients at all .
I mean this , seriously .
This is the surest way to avoid drop - shadow and gradient mistakes , and the option should always be considered .
Because tossing drop - shadows on random objects is so easy , they can be an excuse to avoid simpler , better solutions to problems .
For bits of text that need to be more prominent , for example , designers will often neglect color , size , weight of the type and many other elements in favor of a drop - shadow .
Similarly , designers often use gradients to make a field of color seem less boring , without figuring out why the overall composition is not dynamic .
If you ’re working on a comp for a website , save three - dimensional touches such as drop - shadows and gradients for the end , if at all possible .
Use spacing , placement and color to make the design effective before adding the final layer of polish .
If you focus on making your designs work without these tricks , you may find that you do n’t need them as often , and that they are more effective when you do use them .
Before you plop in a drop - shadow or a gradient , ask yourself , “ Is a three - dimensional metaphor necessary for this design ? ”
Am I using it to add useful information about the way objects are related or as an effective component of a sound aesthetic approach , or am I using it as an excuse ? ”
The Subtler , the Better
For drop - shadows , almost never use Photoshop ’s default settings .
Photoshop ’s default drop - shadow is very dark and is cast to the lower - right corner of an object ( the default global light source being 120° , in the upper - left ) .
Shadows tell you about the light in your environment .
Suppose you ’re in a dark room with no windows , and you turn on a flashlight .
Any object that you shine it on will cast a shadow that ’s almost black .
That ’s because the object is blocking light from the only light source , meaning that no other light is coming from anywhere else to brighten that area .
Now , the shadow wo n’t be completely black because of the reflected light .
Some of the light from your flashlight will bounce off the walls and hit the shadowed area from a direction that ’s not blocked by the object .
And if you turn on a lamp in another corner of the room , the shadow will brighten considerably .
The object will cast a second shadow : the new shadow will appear where the light from the lamp is blocked but will be filled with the light from the flashlight , while the area of the first shadow will still be blocked by the light from the flashlight but will be filled with the light from the lamp .
When we add drop - shadows to our designs , we suggest an imaginary environment for our web page .
Dark , hard - edged drop - shadows suggest a dark room with a single light source .
Light , soft - edged drop - shadows suggest a room rich with diffuse light .
A well - lit room is the most comfortable environment for users , because it is similar to the kind of environment where we use our computers : an office or study .
Unless we deliberately want to avoid that comfort zone , we should bring the drop - shadow settings in Photoshop way down from their defaults .
Bring the opacity down to 30 or 40 % , or even lower .
Also , keep things simple so that people understand the metaphor without thinking about it .
A light source at 120° does not makes much sense .
Mac OS X , for instance , puts its light source at 90° , or straight above , which seems more logical .
I like to make it even simpler and put the light source directly perpendicular to the screen .
To do this , just bring the distance setting on your drop - shadow to zero ( this represents the distance from the object that casts the drop - shadow to the object beneath it ) .
At this point , global light does n’t matter : it ’s simply as if a big diffuse light source is coming from behind the user to illuminate the design .
This effect is very common in “ trompe - l ’œil ” designs , the most common of which features the background image or frame of a desk surface , as if one were looking at it from straight above .
Film directors such as Alfred Hitchcock , Martin Scorcese and Wes Anderson employ the same effect for their signature God ’s - eye - view shots .
Such web designs have a kind of effortless comprehensibility , and maintaining consistency across a design becomes easier for the designer .
If you ’ve brought the distance setting down to 0 and the opacity down to about 30 % , you ’re at a good starting point for a drop - shadow .
Play around with the size to change how far the surface of the object appears to be from the background on which it sits .
Setting the size to 1 pixel , for example , gives you a beautiful effect that ’s almost invisible but quite pleasing .
Designer Dan Cederholm has made small , simple effects like this an integral part of his style ( as demonstrated in his seminal A List Apart article on “ Mountaintop Corners “ ) .
You can certainly bring the opacity up if the effect is invisible , but starting subtle and then dialing it up is much better than the opposite .
The effect should not be the slightest bit more overt than it needs to be .
For gradients , Photoshop has a lot of fancy defaults .
These may have some good uses , but they certainly have unlimited poor uses , so steering clear of them is usually wise .
Instead , select the default black - to - white gradient .
Then select both the black and the white and make them both the base color of your element .
Now that you have a base , pick either the dark side or the light side and adjust it to be just slightly darker or lighter .
Again , the subtler , the better .
( Some of the best gradients I ’ve come across I had to verify with the eyedropper tool in Photoshop to make sure they were there at all ! )
The greater the contrast between the light and dark , the rounder the surface will appear .
For some things , such as navigation menus and buttons , some roundness is appropriate .
But for objects that should appear flat , keep the contrast low .
And remember , the lighter side should face the direction of your light source .
This kind of gradient is wonderful because it mimics the gradients we see around us all the time .
Nothing in the real world is truly a single color field , because it always has some kind of relationship to a light source .
Look carefully at the pages in a book or at the ceiling around your overhead light : you ’ll find gradients everywhere .
Examples of Mistakes and How to Fix Them
The web has many obviously ugly gradients , but these are not usually done by professional designers .
Rather than show egregious mistakes , I ’ll illustrate a few ways in which subtle errors can create tensions in otherwise excellent designs .
Uniform Shadows for Overlapping Objects
Overlapping objects imply a difference in their distance from you ( determined partly by their thickness ) .
Designers , though , frequently use identical drop - shadows for overlapping objects .
So , the information conveyed by the drop - shadows conflicts with the information conveyed by the overlap , undermining the illusion of dimensionality .
Seeing conflicts such as these makes me uneasy , and the more I focus on them , the more my head hurts .
Users should take pleasure in your design , not feel pain !
You can read more about this issue in “ Build a Better Drop - Shadow , ” a guide by Jacci Howard Bear on About.com .
Abrupt Edges
The corners of real drop - shadows would n’t have hard edges unless they had absolutely no reflected light — which would be a very unusual situation .
Rather , their corners are usually rounded by the rays of light that creep around them .
Here ’s a drop - shadow with an unrealistically hard edge :
This otherwise lovely design has almost no dimensional illusion anywhere but has a drop - shadow along the right sidebar .
The designer perhaps wanted to lower the sidebar ’s hierarchy on the page , an effect that its blue background helps achieve .
Not only is it unnecessarily dark , though , but the implausibly hard edge stares the visitor in the face .
At the bottom of the sidebar , you can see a rounded transition , where the designer has created a more plausible effect .
But you can see why he did n’t repeat it at the top , because it would jar with the clean horizontal line set by the well - aligned top elements .
Rather than demand the realism of this rounded transition , let ’s fix it by toning down the drop - shadow as much as possible .
Here , I have made the drop - shadow so light that it does little more than suggest it is sitting farther back .
Because it ’s so light , the clean line of transition is n’t ugly or distracting .
What the heck is going on behind that object ?
Sometimes , a drop - shadow goes nuts for no obvious reason , as with the blue box surrounding the W3C logo below .
Why is the drop - shadow so far back from the object , and so rounded ?
The more I try to understand the story being told by this drop - shadow , the more confused I get .
My guess is that the designer wanted to give more prominence and weight to the logo , which the drop - shadow helps accomplish , but it disrupts the harmony of the page so much that it ’s not worth it .
Do n’t let your gradients suggest different light sources .
In this otherwise excellent design for WolframAlpha , objects on the page have gradients ranging from white to pale orange .
The problem is that the gradient in the header region has white at the top , implying light from above , while the page elements lower down have white at the bottom , implying light from below .
You could argue that I ’m over - thinking this , that gradients do n’t have to match up with light sources .
That ’s possible , but subtle gradients like these have an inherent metaphorical relationship to the gradients we see in the real world .
Let ’s switch the direction of the gradients lower down on the page so that they imply a light source from above :
And we get light source harmony .
Ultimately , you ’re free to do as you please .
Because the objects on a web page relate to real objects only by metaphor , their effectiveness is essentially subjective .
The connection between an image of a button and an actual button has no reality beyond the mind of the user .
We designers are not required to make our metaphors consistent with reality , but being thoughtful and careful about the many levels of communication in a design helps us make our websites more harmonious .
And our care and consistency helps make the user ’s experience of the website comfortable and even delightful .
Written exclusively for WDD by Nate Eagle .
He studied philosophy in college , an education that prepared him perfectly to design and develop web pages for PBS KIDS .
You can read more from him and his PBS co-workers at Design .
PBS .
Do you think this level of detail is important when designing drop - shadows and gradients ?
Do you have your own pet peeves about how drop - shadows and gradients are used ?
MIT designer and researcher Marcelo Coelho , whose work focuses on " the intersection of human - computer interaction , materials science and design , " is working on something akin to RP for food .
Behold his Digital Gastronomy Machines , which are like meal - manufacturing devices :
The Digital Fabricator is a personal , three - dimensional printer for food , which works by storing , precisely mixing , depositing and cooking layers of ingredients .
Its cooking process starts with an array of food canisters , which refrigerate and store a user 's favorite ingredients .
These are piped into a mixer and extruder head that can accurately deposit elaborate food combinations with sub-millimeter precision .
While the deposition takes place , the food is heated or cooled by the Fabricator 's chamber or the heating and cooling tubes located on the printing head .
This fabrication process not only allows for the creation of flavors and textures that would be completely unimaginable through other cooking techniques , but , through a touch - screen interface and web connectivity , also allows users to have ultimate control over the origin , quality , nutritional value and taste of every meal .
Then there 's his Robotic Chef , which would not look out of place in a machinist 's shop :
The Robotic Chef is a mechanical arm designed to physically and chemically transform a single solid food object , such as a steak , fish or a fruit .
It allows for two types of transformations : localized and precise manipulations performed with an array of tools located in the toolhead ; and global transformations performed through the underlying bed and two 5 - degree of freedom robotic arms .
The toolhead holds an array of interchangeable manipulation devices , such as a drill bits , mineral and spices injection syringes , and a lower power laser diode , which can programmatically cut , cook and spice the food held by the arm .
The underlying bed houses a heating plate which can heat and cook the food while the arm can apply mechanical transformations , such as compressions , elongations , and torsion , as well as control the location of the food underneath the toolhead .
These transformation processes allow cooks to exert highly localized and repeatable food manipulations that would be impossible to achieve through traditional cooking methods .
Lastly , his Virtuoso Mixer , which I totally want ( because I am terrible at estimating amounts and will frequently add a tablespoon of something rather than half a teaspoon , ruining my meal ) :
The Virtuoso Mixer is a machine composed of a three - layer rotating carousel that provides cooks with an efficient way to mix multiple ingredient variations and experiment with subtle differences in taste and composition .
At the top layer , we find eight containers that can be filled with off - the - shelf ingredients and are outfitted with weight scales , as well as temperature and humidity sensors for monitoring the properties and quantity of food they contain .
The middle layer houses eight mixing containers with several types of crushing and mixing devices .
The final , lower layer , functions as an extrusion tray where the final ingredient mixture is deposited .
It is outfitted with an array of thermoelectric heating and cooling elements and an insulating glass cover for quickly baking and modifying the temperature of the produced mixtures .
The machine 's interface is designed to allow users to easily and rapidly experiment with different ingredient combinations .
As ingredients move from the top to lower layers , they can be combined in precisely controlled amounts , crushed and mixed to different degrees , and eventually be extruded to compile food samples made of discrete layers with varying thicknesses .
The large range of possible combinations allows chefs to quickly design , produce and evaluate ( by tasting ) several ingredient combinations .
The final digital recipes can eventually be saved , shared with other machines or users , or be simply retrieved by the same machine for the future preparation of a meal .
Back in the day , things were a lot more simple .
Everyone had one email address , one bank account , and a few other numbers or dates to remember .
How I long for those days again .
Just over a year ago , I started a new corporate job .
Many of you may know the term SSO , better knows as “ single sign on ” .
The concept is that you have one username and password for multiple systems in your work place .
Only problem is , all those systems do n’t communicate with each other , making SSO completely irrelecant most the time .
Off the top of my head , I have 6 different used ID ’s and passwords that change every 90 days .
And that ’s just my work stuff .
Throw in my other 4 email addresses , social networking accounts , banks info , credit card logins , frequent flyer mile numbers and things can get out of hand pretty quickly .
Fortunately , there ’s a solution for all this chaos… SplashID .
The SplashID application is available for the Android OS , but you can also find it for Windows Mobile , Palm , BlackBerry , Series 60 , and the iPhone .
They even have desktop applications for Windows and Mac .
The premise of SplashID is to organize all your secure information in a secure manner .
When you open the app for the first time you will be asked you name your device ( this is used when you sync the info with the desktop client ) and then you will need to choose a password .
Once you have that out of the way , you will see a list of dummy content which will give you a good idea of what you can use SplashID for .
At the very top of the screen you are presented with a few filter options and also a little search box .
I find that I do n’t use these features that often , but I can see them getting more useful as time goes on and I have more entries to sort through .
To create a new entry , press your phone ’s menu button and then select “ add item . ”
The item entry page is a bit stark , but it gets the job done .
SplashID has a great selection of pre-defined types and categories that automatically display relevant content fields for the type of data you may need to enter .
You can even assign a custom icon to your entry ( though there are only 64 images to choose from ) .
If you ca n’t find a pre-defined type that fits your needs , simply select the menu button on your handset and click “ customize fields ” to change things around .
In the two weeks that I have been using SplashID , I have entered in all my work ID and password information , bank accounts , and other online account information .
It ’s nice to know that everything is in one place and safe .
Like most apps , there ’s room for improvement throughout the UI , but it is definitely on of the best utility apps I have used on my phone in quite a while .
The Android app is available in the market for $ 9.95 and the desktop version goes for $ 19.95 .
Source : SplashID
Prostitutes in the picturesque Swiss lakeside town of Lugano are adding defibrillation to their list of services following the death of several elderly punters whose hearts just could n't take the pace .
According to the Corriere della Sera , there are currently 38 brothels and sex clubs in the Lugano area , and more are planned to accommodate the rising tide of customers who pop over the border from Italy .
For some , though , this proves to be a day trip too far .
The most recent case was a pensioner who suffered a heart attack while enjoying Lugano 's delights with the aid of " pharmaceutical assistance " .
Accordingly , brothel owners plan to arm their girls with defibrillators , after suitable training . ®
Bootnote
The Corriere della Sera says the local red light trade is worth around € 70 m a year .
Eighty per cent of the punters are Italian , largely serviced by girls from South America and , increasingly , Eastern Europe .
Submitted By Frank Ruscica
The Jobs Plan We'd Get If Relevant Innovation Scholars And Growth Economists Were n't Being Volckerized ( i.e. , Ignored As Volcker Was Until Recently ) -- Part 1
The Jobs Plan we'd get would leverage America 's advantages to make America the Silicon Valley of the global market for customized education ( CE ) .
Understanding why we'd get this plan starts with knowing that popular online markets for CE can be expected to catalyze the creation of many jobs .
From a November 6 , 2009 article in the Wall Street Journal :
" According to the Census Bureau , nearly all net job creation in the U.S. since 1980 occurred in firms less than five years old .
A Kauffman Foundation report released yesterday shows that as recently as 2007 , two - thirds of the jobs created were in such firms .
Put more starkly , without new businesses , job creation in the American economy would have been negative for many years . "
From a 2005 report by The Nielsen Company :
" By enabling entrepreneurs to start a business online and immediately reach a market of 157.3 million registered users worldwide , eBay has become the best place to start , grow and operate a small business . "
Harvard Business School professor Clayton Christensen is the originator of the canonical Model of Disruptive Innovation , and a co-author of the 2008 book Disrupting Class : How Disruptive Innovation Will Change the Way the World Learns .
From Disrupting Class :
" Students need customized pathways and paces to learn .
… The second [ phase of the disruption of standardized education ] will be the emergence of a user network , whose analogues in other industries would be eBay … "
Stanford economist Paul Romer is the originator of New Growth Theory , which updates growth economics for the information age .
From Romer ’s entry on Economic Growth in the 2007 edition of The Concise Encyclopedia of Economics :
“ The country that takes the lead in the twenty - first century will be the one that implements an innovation that more effectively supports the production of new ideas in the private sector . ”
“ Perhaps the most important ideas of all are …ideas about how to support the production and transmission of other ideas … North Americans invented the modern research university …
As national markets for talent and education merge into unified global markets , opportunities for important policy innovation will surely emerge . ”
From The Mystery of Economic Growth , a 2004 book by Harvard economist Elhanan Helpman :
" Interest in growth theory abruptly revived … in the 1980s .
The two key papers were by Romer ( 1986 ) and Lucas ( 1988 ) .
… Romer ( 1990 ) also initiated the second wave of research on the “ new ” growth theory .
… A more detailed study of the U.S. economy is provided by Jones ( 2002 ) .
He found that between 1950 and 1993 improvements in educational attainments , which amounted to an increase of four years of schooling on average , explain about 30 percent of growth of output per hour .
The remaining 70 percent is attributable to the rise in the stock of ideas that was produced in the United States , France , West Germany , the United Kingdom , and Japan . "
So , again , popular CE markets can be expected to catalyze the creation of many jobs .
America is uniquely well suited to become the Silicon Valley of CE .
Understanding why starts with knowing that ' 1.0 ' versions of CE markets can be expected to attract many buyers and sellers of corporate training .
From a May 20 , 2004 article in The Economist :
" There has been a huge swing to custom programmes , ” says Fiona van Haeringen of IESE , who attended a recent annual conference of business - education providers in America … Looking to this year , most saw growth coming mainly from customised education . "
From Seeing
What ’s Next : Using the Theories of Innovation to Predict Industry Change , a 2004 book co-authored by Christensen :
" Modular , customizable corporate training has an advantage that interdependent M.B.A. programs can’t match — a product specifically designed for each employee ’s needs .
… In contrast to the leading schools ’ integrated structure , the on - the - job management education industry is a disintegrated one .
Hundreds of specialized firms develop materials , others design courses , and others produce and teach them . "
No other region in the world — more precisely , no other integrated set of regions — comes close to matching the quantity and quality of America ’s post - secondary educators .
From The World Is Flat , a 2005 best - seller by Thomas Friedman :
" America has 4,000 colleges and universities … the rest of the world have 7,768 . "
Sean Gallagher , a senior analyst at Eduventures :
" U.S. education is perceived worldwide as the gold standard in higher education . "
If American companies operate and supply popular ' 1.0 ' CE markets , America almost certainly will become a magnet for ' 2.0 ' CE talent and beyond ( e.g. , who specialize in serving students ( who would otherwise be ) in high school or college ) .
From Clusters of Innovations : Regional foundations of U.S. competitiveness , a 2001 report published by the Council on Competitiveness :
" Regional economies are the building blocks of U.S. competitiveness .
The nation ’s ability to produce high - value products and services depends on the creation and strengthening of regional clusters of industries that become hubs of innovation …
These clusters enhance productivity and spur innovation by bringing together technology , information , specialized talent , competing companies , academic institutions , and other organizations .
Close proximity , and the accompanying tight linkages , yield better market insights , more refined research agendas , larger pools of specialized talent , and faster deployment of new knowledge . "
From an article in the October 7 , 2006 edition of The Economist :
" You might have thought that the advent of the Internet would have eroded the connection between place and talent .
In fact , the opposite is happening .
Bright people gather in university cities such as Boston and San Francisco , or in technology hubs such as Austin , Texas , or Redmond , Washington , or in rural idylls such as Camden , Maine , and Jackson Hole , Wyoming .
They cluster together because they feed off each other ’s intellect .
Christopher Berry , of the University of Chicago , and Edward Glaeser , of Harvard , have studied the distribution of human capital across American cities .
They found that in 1970 about 11 % of people over 25 had a college degree , and they were fairly evenly distributed throughout the country .
Since then the proportion of Americans with college degrees has more than doubled , but the distribution has become much more uneven . "
So , again , America is uniquely well suited to become the Silicon Valley of CE .
Of course , subsidizing CE consumers , suppliers and market operators can expedite the popularization of CE markets .
Two obvious subsidies :
1. vouchers for consumers ( e.g. , unemployed workers )
2. investments on favorable terms for CE suppliers and market operators
To make these investments , Congress and the president can establish a venture capital ( VC ) firm that is similar in form to In - Q - Tel , a VC firm funded solely by America ’s Central Intelligence Agency .
From a 2009 book by Josh Lerner , a professor at Harvard Business School :
" When we look at the regions of the world that are , or are emerging as , the great hubs of entrepreneurial activity – places such as Silicon Valley , Singapore , Tel Aviv , Bangalore , and Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces – the stamp of the public sector is unmistakable .
Enlightened government intervention played a key role in creating each of these regions .
… It might be obvious to the reader why governments would want to promote entrepreneurship , but why also the frequent emphasis on venture funds as well ?
The answer lies in the challenges facing many start - up firms , which often require substantial capital .
A firm ’s founder may not have sufficient funds to finance projects alone , and therefore must seek outside financing .
Entrepreneurial firms that are characterized by significant intangible assets , expect years of negative earnings , and have uncertain prospects are unlikely to receive bank loans or other debt financing .
Venture capital – independently managed , dedicated pools of capital that focus on equity or equity - linked investments in privately held , high - growth companies – can help alleviate these problems . "
Why , then , is making America the Silicon Valley of CE conspicuously absent from all talk of job creation ?
A guess ?
In two words ?
Banks , children .
The full thinking behind the guess will be detailed in Part 2 , coming ASAP .
Teaser information :
From NurtureShock : New Thinking About Children , a 2009 book that appeared on the New York Times bestseller list for two months :
“ When a child gets to choose , they presumably choose activities they ’re motivated to do [ says Dr. Silvia Bunge , a neuroscientist at the University of California at Berkeley ] .
Motivation is crucial .
Motivation is experienced in the brain as the release of dopamine .
It ’s not released like other neurotransmitters , into the synapses , but rather it ’s sort of spritzed onto large areas of the brain , which enhances the signaling of neurons . ”
The motivated brain , literally , operates better , signals faster . "
From The Sandbox Investment -- The Preschool Movement and Kids - First Politics , a 2007 book by David Kirp , a professor of public policy at the University of California at Berkeley :
" The Seventeenth Congressional District [ in Texas ] … is among the most lopsidedly Republican in the nation ... But in the race for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives that same year [ 2004 ] , a Democrat named Chet Edwards bucked long odds and won , running 37 percent ahead of the national ticket .
… Edwards ’s opponent [ was ]
Texas state legislator Arlene Wohlgemuth …
The conservative establishment went all out to get her elected .
... What undid her were the cuts she ’d inflicted on the budget of the Children ’s Health Insurance Program , generally known as CHIP — 150,000 youngsters removed from the rolls , half a million denied any dental and eye care , all in the name of lean government .
" Children were never my primary concern , " she said .
It was a remark she grew to regret .
… According to the exit polls , 11 percent of the voters — enough to swing the election — said that Wohlgemuth ’s record on children had made up their minds .
A quarter of those who supported Edwards said they were thinking foremost of children . "
About guest blogger Frank Ruscica :
Set out to become a comedy writer , recognized the need to develop a comic persona , settled on an approach for doing so .
A byproduct of taking said approach : a business plan for establishing a popular CE market .
The plan has been praised by analysts at Microsoft , Amazon.com and top venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson ???
The plan is adapted and expanded on at OpportuniTV.com .
part of gnod , the global network of discovery
Type the name of a movie to find it on the map :
In the federal budget released this week , President Barack Obama calls for increasing NASA 's funding by 2 % while cutting its manned space flight program .
If enacted by Congress , the cuts will likely end plans to return astronauts to the moon .
Some claim these cuts will damage America 's capabilities in science and technology , but the president 's spending plan will likely boost both .
The manned space flight program masquerades as science , but it actually crowds out real science at NASA , which is all done on unmanned missions .
In 2004 President George W. Bush announced a new vision for the space agency : a return of astronauts to the moon followed by a manned expedition to Mars .
A few days later NASA 's office of Space Science announced major cutbacks in its important Beyond Einstein and Explorer programs of unmanned research in astronomy .
The explanation was that they " do not clearly support the goals of the President 's vision for space exploration . "
Soon after Mr. Bush 's announcement I predicted that sending astronauts to the moon and Mars would be so expensive that future administrations would abandon the plan .
This prediction seems to have come true .
All of the brilliant past discoveries in astronomy for which NASA can take credit have been made by unmanned satellite - borne observatories , and there is much more to be done .
By studying the polarization of cosmic microwave radiation , we may find evidence of gravitational waves emitted in the first fraction of a second of the big bang .
By sending laser beams between teams of satellites , we should be able to detect gravitational waves directly from collisions between neutron stars and black holes .
By correlating the distances and velocities of many galaxies , we should be able to explore the mysterious dark energy that makes up most of the energy of the universe .
None of this involves astronauts .
The cost of all these projects would be a few billion dollars — not cheap , but nothing like the hundred or so billion dollars for a manned return to the moon , or the many hundreds of billions of dollars for a manned mission to Mars .
This feed has moved and will be deleted soon .
Please update your subscription now .
2 months ago
Photo by Sean Metalerkamp
In a September 2008 interview , South African hip - hop changeling Waddy Jones -- performing with the conceptual act Max Normal at the time -- made a prediction about an upcoming rap project he was concocting .
" Die Antwoord will be presented to the world as a wild and savage rap crew from the deep , dark , depths of Africa , " he said .
" Die Antwoord rap crew is going to perform live before the screening of Die Antwoord feature film at the Cannes Film Festival in the overseas . "
And while Jones ' latest identity - skewing art project has yet to get a nod from Cannes , these Capetown art punks are a hell of a lot closer to international acclaim than anyone could have expected a couple of years ago .
And it 's all happened in little more than a week .
On the surface , Die Antwoord are simply the latest in a never - ending line of " did ya see that ? ! " blog - hopping music memes .
Made up of lead MC Ninja ( Jones ) , singer - rapper - sexpot Yo - Landi Vi$$er , linebacker - sized mute DJ Hi-Tek , and progerian survivor and artist Leon Bartha , the group made their live debut a year ago .
But it was n't until Boing Boing posted their music video for " Enter the Ninja " and a quasi - documentary called " Zef Side " on February 1 of this year that they shot ahead of acts like Animal Collective , Pavement , and Wilco on Google Trends .
Soon after , Fred Durst and Katy Perry were typing their praises on Twitter .
" Enter the Ninja "
" Zef Side " ( featuring a portion of " Beat Boy " )
The videos are funny -- an especially memorable shot in " Zef Side " shows a slow - motion close up of Ninja 's swinging balls underneath Dark Side of the Moon boxers -- but there is also a post - modern Ali G factor .
Considering the mix of absurdity , genuine talent , and impressive production values , you can't help but think " are these guys for real ? "
And it's that curiosity that made me temporarily obsessed with Die Antwoord on first glance ; I spent a solid hour following links and browsing message boards like Hipinion for clues .
( So far , requests for an interview with the band have yet to produce results . )
In the middle of " Enter the Ninja " , Jones puffs his chest and says , " This is like the coolest song I heard in my whole life . "
The video's rush of extreme otherness is so intoxicating that -- for just a split second -- you almost agree with him .
" Die Antwoord " is Afrikaans for " The Answer . "
The act may seem like a quick - hit success , but Jones has been rapping under different aliases and styles since the mid-90s .
And the crew 's playful and raunchy " Zef " ( South African slang for " redneck " or " common " ) ethos has an online homebase called Wat Kyk Jy ?
( which means " what are you looking at ? " -- think DeNiro in Taxi Driver ) that 's been around for a decade .
The site features an insular vernacular dictionary ( " windpomp -- man with a small penis " ) along with a logo featuring drink - of - choice ( and sometime scene sponsor ) Jägermeister , a dildo , and what looks like a woman with blue testicles hanging down from her mini-skirt .
It 's like crunk via Aphex Twin 's " Windowlicker " video .
A South African commenter on The Guardian 's website broke down some zef signifiers : " clapped - out Ford Cortinas with fur on the dashboard , tight mom jeans pulled up too high , synth - heavy ringtone rave , mullets . "
Which sorta reminds me of that other fantastically outrageous slice of pop zeitgeist called " Jersey Shore " .
But Die Antwoord are a lot brighter than that cast of boardwalk louts .
For one thing , their rave - inspired forthcoming debut LP , dubbed $ O$ and currently streaming at their site , is not only listenable but utterly strident in its originality .
The heavy use of Afrikaans and local slang automatically makes it stand out , but the accomplished , synth - heavy beats , and fully formed personalities of Ninja and Yo - Landi give Die Antwoord the potential to rise above the web 's YouTube hype cycle .
So we have an absolutely ridiculous - looking and sounding group of rappers who make seriously entertaining songs with titles like " Jou Ma se Poes in 'n Fishpaste Jar " , which means " Your Mother 's Cunt in a Fishpaste Jar " ( yes , there 's a corresponding NSFW picture ) .
Eminem ( circa 2000 ) would be proud .
Die Antwoord are ripping through the " interwebs " -- as they like to call it -- at a time when concrete notions of authenticity and identity are crumbling at an increasing rate .
Echoing the sentiments of a generation that 's raked in the benefits of alter egos from Sacha Baron Cohen 's multiple guises to Beyoncé 's Sasha Fierce onstage persona , Videogum recently ran with the headline , " Die Antwoord Is ' Fake , ' And So What ? "
Talking about his personal mindset to South Africa 's Times recently , Jones / Ninja said , " I 'm just engaging my inner zef , which everybody has .
It 's not a persona , it 's an extension of myself , an exaggerated version of myself . "
In the online age , where many people put forth exaggerated versions of themselves on the internet everyday by - way - of blogs and Twitter , Jones 's method seems particularly au courant .
In the same piece , he talked about the future of Die Antwoord : " Live Nation , the biggest events company in the world , wants to make a deal with us .
There 's an international bidding war going on at the moment over who 's going to represent us .
EMI Worldwide and Interscope Universal are bidding for my soul . "
Exaggeration ?
Maybe not .
On Tuesday , California moved a step closer to legalizing marijuana .
The California Assembly 's Public Safety Committee voted 4 - 3 to approve a measure that would make it legal for those 21 and older to possess up to an ounce of marijuana for recreational use .
Taxes and fees on the drug would generate an estimated $ 1.3 billion annually ; the full Legislature is not expected to consider the bill until next year .
Which means , in the meantime , there 's plenty of time to get in some weed reading .
With the help of Mark Haskell Smith , L.A. Times contributor and author of the forthcoming novel " Baked , " we came up with this list of 10 choice books about marijuana .
In alphabetical order :
" Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me " by Richard Farina ( novel )
" Budding Prospects " by T.C. Boyle ( novel )
" Burning Rainbow Farm : How a Stoner Utopia Went Up in Smoke " by Dean Kuipers ( nonfiction )
" Cannabis : A History " by Martin Booth ( nonfiction )
" The Drug User : Documents 1840 - 1960 " edited by John Strausbaugh and Donald Blaise ( essays and more )
" The Emperor Wears No Clothes : The Authoritative Historical Record of Cannabis and the Conspiracy Against Marijuana " by Jack Herer ( nonfiction )
" The Hasheesh Eater " by Fitz Hugh Ludlow ( memoir )
" Marijuana Horticulture : The Indoor / Outdoor Medical Grower 's Bible " by Jorge Cervantes ( nonfiction )
" Red - Dirt Marijuana and Other Tastes " by Terry Southern ( essays )
" Vineland " by Thomas Pynchon ( novel )
We happened to have T.C. Boyle on the phone , and told him that his novel was making the list .
He jumped in with his opinion on the bigger issue .
" This is a no - brainer , " he said .
" I would legalize all drugs .
... I 'm all for it . "
He also had some recommended reading : this New Yorker piece on modern pot-growing in California : " Dr. Kush : How Medical Marijuana Is Transforming the Pot Industry . "
-- Carolyn Kellogg
Photo : A sample of Blue Goo at Green Oasis , a medical marijuana dispensary in Los Angeles .
Credit : Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times
News in Science
Scientists find way to block fearful memories
Researchers in the U.S have found a drug - free way to block fearful memories , opening up the possibility of new treatment for people with anxiety disorders .
The findings , published in today 's edition of Nature , build on past studies in rats that showed that reactivating a memory - by showing people objects that stimulate the fearful memory - opens up a specific time window in which the memory can be edited before it is stored again .
" Before memories are stored , there is a period where they are susceptible to being disrupted , " says psychologist Dr Elizabeth Phelps of New York University .
Earlier studies have shown that drugs can be used to block fearful memories , but the results are not long lasting .
Phelps and colleagues based their studies on findings in rats that show that old memories can be changed or reconsolidated , but only during a specific window of time after the rat is reminded of the fearful memory .
That window of susceptibility is typically between 10 minutes after re-exposure to the object to 6 hours later , when the memory is again stored in the brain .
Exposure therapy
The researchers applied these findings to people in a lab setting .
First , they created a fearful memory by showing the volunteers a blue square , and then delivered a mild shock .
Once they had created the fear memory , the study volunteers were again shown the blue square , which reminded them of the fear memory .
The research team waited 10 minutes and then started an exposure training period where the volunteers were repeatedly exposed to the blue square without a shock .
Phelps says simply delaying the exposure training so that it falls within a period during which the memory is susceptible to being edited made a lasting difference in the ability to block the fear memory .
A second group that was exposed to the blue square without the 10 - minute waiting period , continued to show fear when exposed to the blue square .
Test repeated
When they brought people back a year later , the researchers re-examined their responses to the stimuli by tracking changes in their skin .
The group that got the exposure training showed no fear response when exposed to the blue square , while other volunteers continued to have a fear response .
Phelps says the important aspect of the study is the time window .
" What we think is happening is [ happening ] because we did it at the right time , you are restoring the memory as safe as opposed to just creating a new memory that competes with the old memory , " Phelps says .
The findings are the first of their type in humans , but she cautioned that the findings cannot be immediately applied to people with severe anxiety problems , such as post traumatic stress disorder .
" We did a blue square with a mild shock , " she says .
" Normal fear memories are way more complex than that . "
But she says the findings do open up the possibility of new training methods that can be studied to help people overcome difficult memories .
" It 's really exciting for the potential of treating these disorders .
It 's just a [ while ] away , " Phelps says .
The study was supported through a grant by the National Institutes of Health 's National Institute of Mental Health .
You 've undoubtedly seen the smudge of the Orion Nebula hanging just below his belt thousands of times , but the most beautiful image yet of the celestial body was just released Wednesday .
The European Southern Observatory 's new VISTA telescope 's enormous field of view allows it to image the entire nebula at once .
It 's been designed to capture near - infrared light .
The longer wavelengths of light in that part of the spectrum allow rays to pass through dusty space without being scattering .
The Orion Nebula is located about 1,350 light - years from Earth .
The cloud of gas and dust is a nursery for young stars .
The red blobs in the features near the center of the image are young , growing stars that are hidden by dust in visible light .
VISTA was just placed into service late last year , so we can expect many more beautiful near - infrared images as it conducts its survey of the sky .
There are detailed close - up shots below , too .
Image : ESO / J. Emerson / VISTA .
Acknowledgment : Cambridge Astronomical Survey Unit .
The 341 MB XXXL version .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
A Live stream of Local news of the Hawaii Tsunami of February 27 , 2010
Posted by John , November 12th , 2009 - under Midnight Oil , Peter Garrett .
Tags :
Beds are burning
Peter Garrett is the man who left his principles at the door in joining the Labor Party and accepting a safe seat .
He is now Minister for the Environment , Heritage and the Arts in the Rudd Labor Government .
The Labor Party is the destroyer of dreams , as Garrett ’s journey from idealist to ‘ pragmatist ’ shows .
Joining the ALP to change the world does n’t work .
The host takes over the parasite .
Nothing personal in that .
Garrett just happens to be the best example around of the futility of joining Labor to make a difference .
Recently demonstrators against Garrett burnt a bed .
What a great way to show contempt for what the former lead singer of Midnight Oil has become – a member of a reactionary and racist Government whose sole principle is re-election through pro-profit anti-people policies .
One of Midnight Oil ’s most famous songs is beds are burning .
It is about giving the land back to the aboriginal people .
This is not only something Labor refuses to do ; it is something , through the Northern Territory intervention , Labor is actually reversing by stealing Aboriginal lands .
One line in the song goes
How do we sleep while our beds are burning ?
That ’s a question we should ask Garrett every day – how do you sleep while your principles are burning away ?
Here are the lyrics .
There ’s a link after that to a youtube video of the song .
Out where the river broke
The blood wood and the desert oak
Holden wrecks and boiling diesels
Steam in forty five degrees
The time has come
To say fair ’s fair
To pay the rent
To pay our share
The time has come
A fact ’s a fact
It belongs to them
Let ’s give it back
How can we dance when our earth is turning
How do we sleep while our beds are burning
How can we dance when our earth is turning
How do we sleep while our beds are burning
The time has come
To say fair ’s fair
To pay the rent , now
To pay our share
Four wheels scare the cockatoos
From Kintore East to Yuendemu
The western desert lives and breathes
In forty five degrees
The time has come
To say fair ’s fair
To pay the rent
To pay our share
The time has come
A fact ’s a fact
It belongs to them
Let ’s give it back
How can we dance when our earth is turning
How do we sleep while our beds are burning
How can we dance when our earth is turning
How do we sleep while our beds are burning
The time has come
To say fair ’s fair
To pay the rent , now
To pay our share
The time has come
A fact ’s a fact
It belongs to them
We ’re gonna give it back
How can we dance when our earth is turning
How do we sleep while our beds are burning
A link to the song is here .
Major League Jerk
Major League Jerk allowed venting , and offered entertainment to its followers .
Content is from the site 's 2011 - 2012 archived pages .
Archives : MLB
What It Must Feel Like To Be From Cleveland : Rooting for the Mets in the Austerity Age
Posted on November 28 , 2011 by RomanWarHelmet
Being a Mets fan has always been sort of a hardship .
We have always prided ourselves as smarter and more passionate .
That this never - ending cacophony of shit made us better people .
But truthfully , we were blindly following a group of people that spent a lot of money very poorly .
There is no hidden genius in giving Pedro Martinez 4 years when he is two years away from breaking down or Jason Bay 4 years when he is 3 months from breaking down .
There certainly is n’t any genius in giving Oliver Perez 3 years $ 36 million .
I guess we as fans were smart to be ahead of the curve on Ollie P but that is like saying we are smart for not wanting to bash your hand with a hammer .
There are some things that are just known to be dumb .
While the Mets have spent money poorly , it is that same seemingly endless pile of money that always gave us the hope that they could bail themselves out of whatever shitty situation we ( the Mets and their fans ) had just encountered .
The Wilpons may not be Mensa members but it does n’t matter how smart you are , if you have money you can cover up a world of hurt .
It meant going out and getting another closer after the old closer sucked and another hitter after the other hitter (s ) sucked and another starter after the other four starters sucked .
It was kind of nice knowing that every December , there would be a reason to pay attention and a reason to hope that whatever sucked last year would be washed away with some money and a new shiny player to call our own .
It is also comforting rooting for a team that has money knowing that the players you like , hell love , would always be your players until they were too old and then sent off to San Diego or Oakland or wherever the hell to finish out their careers .
We never had to have the hard goodbye .
Unless it was some asshole trading Tom Seaver and frankly I was n’t alive for that so I ca n’t say I ever felt the emotion of it all .
Now that comfort , like the comfort of many who used to have money , is all gone .
In the next month , there is a pretty solid shot Jose Reyes is playing elsewhere .
That took three minutes for me to write .
Jose Reyes will not be a Met. Fuck .
Now to some , who are looking at this with an analysts eye , this is n’t a huge fucking deal .
He is a very good ballplayer now but his legs will mean he will have a limited shelf life at elite status , he makes up for his defensive inefficiencies with his speed so his defense will decline dramatically and he does n’t walk enough so the type of year he just had most likely will be an aberration if he does n’t make ridiculous contact like Ichiro year in and year out .
Oh , and he is injury prone , too .
I understand that .
But Jose Reyes is fucking art .
It is tough to articulate unless you watch him leg out a triple , or make a play in the hole .
It is more than art , he is ours .
The Mets have had very few homegrown position players worth a damn .
Most of our best players have been traded to us or came as free agents .
Keith , Carter , Beltran and Piazza are four of the best , none homegrown .
Darryl Strawberry was the one homegrown guy we could look to and he left us mostly because of ego , drugs and alcohol .
That brings us to David Wright and Jose Reyes .
Do we , as Met fans , tend to over glorify them ?
Yes .
But when you have a history of Butch Huskeys , and Alex Escobars and Fernando Martinezes , you look at who actually made it and excelled and thusly put them on a pedestal .
They are our homegrown Mets .
The guys we could watch grow up , watch mature and then watch grow old gracefully until it was time to let them be washed up in San Diego or Oakland or God knows where .
The Madoff era Mets are about to become an experiment in what it really means to be a Mets fan .
For the first time in the history of ever , the Mets ca n’t afford to pay their own guy .
How do we react ?
I , for one , am not all that interested in seeing if Adam Loewen makes for a viable bench guy , or what crafty lefty they can get on a cheap one year deal to compete in the back of the rotation .
But I am interested in seeing if Matt Harvey , Zach Wheeler or some other guy I have yet to hear about can develop and become stars .
So that makes this a bit of a conundrum .
I want Reyes but I also want the future .
I would really like the present but that is out of the question .
An aside :
My husband does get really worked up about Jose Reyes and baseball in general .
But he is also passionate about other things as well .
I know it 's hard to glean from his posts on this site .
One example is his very opinionated thoughts about furniture , in this case Italian designer furniture .
I wanted new furniture for the living room and den .
I started looking at potentional pieces at this great furniture store in Philidelphia where my folks live .
Room service 360° specializes in modern furniture , with many well known Italian brands .
Obviuosly the TV is very important so I first looked at TV stands and then the furniture which would compliment and coordinate .
When I informed my hubbie what I was planning he immediately jumped in to see the type of sofa- had to be sectional - I was considering .
He was blown away by the spectacular modern Italian pieces I was considering .
Now I would never have thought my husband could care less about a sofa as long as it was comfortable to sit in while spending hours in front of the TV .
But I was wrong .
He actually drove down to Philiewith me and tried out the potential furniture pieces .
We ended up with a lovely Rigoletto leather sectional sofa by Cierre with a Cortes Swivel TV stand .
The next time his buddies came over to watch a game , their mouths just dropped open .
All was great until some one spilled some beer and then knocked over a carafe of red wine onto the oriental rug .
I felt like I was in a Three Stooges movie .
Although we soaked up as much of the spilled liquids as possible knew that I would need professional help getting the red wine out of the carpet .
I did a search for a fast NYC carpet cleaner and lucked out finding My Home Carpet & Upholstery Care NYC company .
Sure the name is a bit long to remember , but boy were we lucky to find this family run business that specializes in oriental rugs .
Not only was Haim , one of the owners , at our place later that afternoon , he was confident that the stain could be removed .
In addition , he suggested that we should have his rug restorers repair the fringe which our vacuum cleaner decided to eat one day and to treat the carpet with ScotchGuard .
The clincher was that they can use eco friendly , organic cleaning detergent which with my allergies was important .
We invited Haim to stay and watch part of the game , but he had several other pick ups to make that day .
I know my husband 's buddies felt bad , but at the same time were relieved that the rug could be cleaned .
They were back watching the game in no time !
Well I wo n't distract any more ... back to sports .
I have been told that Sandy Alderson is “ the adult in the room ” .
But even the adult was enchanted by Reyes .
In typical Mets fashion , it looks as if he will play in front of eight people in Miami .
That means they wo n’t get their first round pick ( they are top 15 protected ) just a sandwich pick and a 2nd rounder .
I did n’t want him traded in July but Sandy , whose job is to see all the angles , should have seen this coming .
He should have traded him if he was going to go away .
But he did n’t .
He was enchanted .
Which makes the inevitable Reyes departure all the more painful .
If the adult in the room ca n’t make the decision , however unpopular , for the betterment of the team and the greater good , how am I supposed to except it now ?
So I am left with Adam Loewen and crafty lefties and closers off the scrap heap .
I am left with paying more attention to the Binghamton Mets then the New York Mets .
I am left hoping that my egghead front office is actually smart smart and not perceived smart .
Those who ever dealt with Ivy League grads know what I mean .
They are all “ smart ” but most are system smart and others are real smart .
I am left knowing that my ‘ broke ” owner ’s checkbook is currently closed as he awaits a lawsuit settlement and a cash infusion .
I am left with the horrific realization that my favorite player , a work of art with paper mache hamstrings , will be wearing another uniform .
My nightmare is if it winds up being Phillies red or Miami rainbow .
But even as a Red Sox or Brewer or Cardinal or some team unknown it is bad .
My team now has to wait for prospects and next year .
I root for a mid market team with big market prices and frankly , it sucks .
Point / Counterpoint : Astros Moving to the American League
Posted on November 28 , 2011 by Hef
Point : The Astros moving to the AL is a travesty and disrespects Baseball History
by Jared Collins , Houston Native
This past week , the sale of the Houston Astros resulted in more than just a change of ownership ; it created a change in divisional and league allignment that is cutting traditional baseball fans to the very core !
Moving the Astros to the American League will cause unknown rifts in the way the game of baseball is played and the changes will reverberate for decades , if not centuries to come !
One cannot think about the Houston Astros without being constantly reminded of their great affect on the game of Baseball .
Let us consider their field of play .
The Astrodome was the first domed stadium in the game and revolutionized baseball architecture .
The “ 8th Wonder of the World ” allowed baseball to be played in regions where games were previously considered impossible either due to excessive rain ( Seattle ) or excessive heat ( Arizona ) .
The Astrodome was a marvel in engineering and should be given its own wing in Cooperstown .
If not for the National League Houston Astros , would Major League Baseball have been able to have experienced the 2001 World Series between the Diamondbacks and the Yankees , one of the best played series of the past 20 years ?
I think not .
And you have the Astros to thank for the stellar play of Randy Johnson and Curt Schilling .
And if the stadium itself was n’t remarkable enough , consider the other great contribution the Houston Astros gave not only to the National League and to Baseball but to all sports : Astroturf .
Without the ingenuity and brilliance of the city of Houston , we would be left playing sports on bare concrete .
Certainly this warrants more respect than the Astros have received in the past few weeks .
Certainly this deserves the consideration and input of their great fans .
Certainly the Houston Astros ought to be respected as one of Major League Baseball ’s premier teams for the contributions they have provided to America ’s great pastime !
And these accolades do not even begin to account for the great teams and individual talent that have played National League baseball in this great baseball city .
Clearly we can not forget the original Killer B’s : Bagwell , Biggio , Bell and Berry and the later additions of Beltran , Burke and Berkman .
Who can forget the juggernaut of a team in 2005 who , after starting the season off slow , charged through July with a 22 - 7 record and never took their foot off the throttle the rest of the way .
Who can forget the brilliance of future Hall of Famers Roger Clemens , Andy Pettite and Roy Oswalt ?
Who can forget the drama of a team , picking themselves off the floor after Albert Pujols ’ home run off of Brad Lidge in Game 6 , only to see them regroup and win Game 7 to send them to the World Series ?
These are memories etched into the collective mind of baseball fans everywhere !
Shall we sully these memories by tossing this beloved team into the American League without so much of a tip of the cap ?
It is only through our diligence and vigilence that we will get this matter overturned .
It is only through our standing together as one and shouting at the powers that be that the most important matter of the Winter will be changed .
Baseball fans of the World , unite !
Join together and scream in unison , “ This insult to the name of baseball shall not go unnoticed !
We stand as one !
We are baseball ! ” Thank you .
CounterPoint : Are the Red Sox and Yankees the greatest rivals of all time ?
by ESPN
We ’re only 5 months away from the start of the baseball season and with absolutely no relevant news or changes to report on , we ’re left pondering :
Are the Red Sox and Yankees the greatest rivals in the history of sports ?
One would be hard pressed to argue to the contrary .
For starters , it ’s the one rivalry anyone ( meaning us ) talks about anymore so of course it ’s the greatest .
Also , if you consider that other great rivalries like the Celtics / Lakers and the ones that include hockey teams all happened 20 years ago , it ’s clear that they ca n’t rival Boston / NY .
If it ’s not NOW then who cares right ?
And this rivalry could be taking another step forward in it ’s top notched - ness .
Major League Baseball recently announced an addition to the playoffs !
One more spot has opened up which means that even if the Red Sox or Yankees do n’t make the playoffs , now they do !
It ’s every mainstream sportscasters dream come true .
From now on , we ’ll be able to imagine scenarios that have these two teams meeting in October even after one of the teams has clinched the division in August .
I ca n’t tell you how excited we are here in Bristol .
I ’m not sure what had to happen in order for this dream to come true but I can tell you that I do n’t give a shit .
If there ’s a better commissioner in sports than Bud Selig then I ’m a retarded ratings whore .
Have a pleasant evening and a lovely tomorrow .
Archives : NFL
The Day After
Posted on January 22 , 2012 by spencer096
Dr. Stella Handworker : So Joe …tell me about your relapse .
Dr. Stella Handworker : I understand it can be difficult , especially so soon afterwards , but Joe … I think it ’s important we confront this problem early and make sure it does n’t take root .
I understand you ’ve been having some confidence issues lately … would you like to talk about it ?
Dr. Stella Handworker : Joe , you have to understand that there ’s nothing you can do about other people ’s opinions of you .
You ca n’t dwell on negative thoughts and let them take over your life otherwise you ’ll never be fulfilled , either professionally or spiritually .
All you can do is go out there and accept what ’s happened in the past and do your best on every play .
Dr. Stella Handworker : Joe , you ca n’t just ignore your problems …[ phone rings ] … one second Joe , I need to take this .
Hello ?
John Harbaugh : Doc , he did it again .
The motherfucker did again .
Sometimes I wonder what the hell he ’s even doing at practice …
I mean , he ’s physically there , but it ’s like he ’s dead behind the eyes .
Almost like he ’s haunted .
Dr. Stella Handworker :
Go on …[ makes " one second " hand gesture at Joe Flacco ]
John Harbaugh : I just have no idea what it is , but something ’s obviously been bothering him .
Every time you try and talk to the guy … you know , try to help him out , he just snaps and accuses you of not giving him enough credit .
His emotional detachment has hurt the team and it ’s bringing the whole lockerroom down …
HOLY SHIT , HAVE YOU SEEN THE ACT OF VALOR COMMERCIAL ?!?!
Dr. Stella Handworker :
Of course I have , John … it looks amazing .
And sorry to interrupt , but I ’m going to have to call you back , I ’m with a patient at the moment .
[ hangs up ]
Sorry Joe , where were we ?
Dr. Stella Handworker : Right , your relapse .
Joe …[ phone rings ] … sorry again , my secretary is out for the week .
This will only take a minute … hello ?
Cam Cameron :
Why does everyone hate me ?
I ’m stuck trying to make chicken salad out of chickenshit [ sobs ] … and I ca n’t just give it to Rice every play or we ’ll get too predictable [ sobs ] … and even when I do a good job I still feel like I have to run an offense that ’ll hold Flacco ’s hand [ sobs ] … and I ’m in a no - win situation [ sobs ] … and sometimes I just feel like going home and taking a bunch of …
Dr. Stella Handworker : [ under her breath ]
Oh , I do NOT have time for this …Cam ? CAM ?!?
YOU MUST BE DRIVING THROUGH A TUNNEL , YOU’RE BREAKING UP .
Cam Cameron : But I ’m at home …
Dr. Stella Handworker : [ hangs up ] … right where were we ?
[ phone rings ]
Dr. Stella Handworker :
My goodness … apologies again .
Hold that thought , Joe…Yes ?
Derrick Mason : BWAHHAHAHAHAHAHA THAT MOTHERFUCKER DID IT AGAIN !!!
HE AINT EVER GONNA BE SHIT !!!
I WAS THE BEST THING TO EVER HAPPEN …
Dr. Stella Handworker : [ hangs up with scared look on face ] … Joe , I think we ’ve reached a plateau in your therapy .
You keep making the same mistakes over and over again and I think we need to try a new approach .
I ’m going to put a series of photos designed to disturb you on the projector and tell me whom you ’re going to throw too or if you ’re going to hold the ball within a second , ok ?
Dr. Stella Handworker : Lets start with an easy one , your old friend Derrick .
<
Dr. Stella Handworker : Joe ?
Dr. Stella Handworker : Dumpoff to Rice !
Good job Joe !
Lets do another one …
Dr. Stella Handworker :
What are you going to do , Joe ?
Dr. Stella Handworker : Joe , we talked about this …you ca n’t just automatically give it to Ray Rice .
Sure , it ’s not the worst thing to do in the world , but eventually you ’re going to have to take some shots downfield .
I want to get you out of your comfort zone a little bit Joe … what about this one ?
Dr. Stella Handworker : Joe ?
Dr. Stella Handworker : Joe … do n’t be scared .
This exercise is designed to force you to make difficult decisions quickly and rely on the instincts you ’ve been questioning recently .
Dr. Stella Handworker : Something ’s making you nervous , I can tell .
Joe , this is a safe place … nobody ’s going to hurt you in this room .
Open up and tell me what ’s the matter .
Dr. Stella Handworker : Joe , I ca n’t help you if you do n’t tell me what ’s bothering you .
Lets try one more , but before I show you , Joe , understand that we ’re about to salve an open wound …
I want to see how you react and make sure that you ’re not still beating yourself up over this .
We ’ve made so much progress with putting the immediate past behind you and moving on , we want to make sure you ’re still on the right path .
Dr. Stella Handworker : Oh Joe … [ sigh ] … I want to help you .
There are people who care about you that are concerned .
We love you , Joe .
You can do it this time !
We believe in you !
Dr. Stella Handworker :
There you go !
Cmon Joe !
John Harbaugh : Yea buddy !
You can do it !
Anquan Boldin :
Holy shit he ’s gonna do it !
Ray ’s Minor and Major : HE’S FINALLY GONNA DO IT !!!
Jim Zorn : Trust your training Joe .
I ’ve left an indelible mark on you during our training , young Jedi … you have truly usurped the master .
Use the force , Joe…and may the force be with you .
Never forget our time together .
Archives : College
Quality Start Posted on November 29 , 2011 by spencer096
Thank you , but shit , I did n’t miss staring out at you fat ugly fucks while I was gone .
It was a hard decision to come back , one I had to make with my family .
Just kidding … you think I give a shit what my wife and idiot daughters think ?
” Oh no , I ’m going to turn down one of the highest profile jobs in the country because my wife does n’t want to hire movers . ” / high fives Gene Smith
So I sat my family down and told it to them straight .
” We ’re a family that goes hard .
Fastest family in the country .
If you have a 4.6 family , you ’re going to have the opportunity to win football games .
And I do n’t care what you ’ve done before , if you ’re not the best mother or daughter for the job , you will be replaced .
This family is n’t in the business of giving a shit about feelings . ”
There have been a lot of discussions about my health , and I just want to take this opportunity to tell you I ’m healthier than I ’ve ever been .
Ever .
In life .
In fact , I was n’t even unhealthy to begin with …
I just made that shit up because my recruits did n’t pan out and it was easier to let Addazio fall on the sword .
Truth be told , I thought the Notre Dame job was mine when Brian Kelly killed that kid , but Ohio State ’s money is just as green , amirite ?
/ high fives Gene Smith I grew up idolizing Woody Hayes , watching Ohio State football , rooting for Ohio State football every day except for those 60 minutes in Glendale where I went all Sandusky on ‘ em .
But I ’m not here because of football …
I ’m here to prove a point to my wife .
Did n’t know Dr. Domestic
Dishwasher could diagnose my condition from the kitchen … who ’s healthy now bitch ?
I ’d like to thank Luke Fickell for keeping the seat warm and he ’ll be on our staff in a senior role .
He ’ll play an important part in making sure that none of our kids open their fucking mouths about the envelopes of cash and free cars .
/ high fives Gene Smith Now , make no mistake , me getting hired is n’t about loyalty or state pride or dream jobs or any of that whimsical fairy tale bullshit …it ’s about this God - damned arms race with the SEC .
I was n’t hired because I was born in the state , I was hired because I ’m the best available football coach money can buy , who recruits like a fucking madman by one of the few athletic departments that can afford my salary .
I was n’t enjoying college football when I left Florida 10 months ago .
I did n’t like the environment .
But now , it ’s much better .
How ?
Well because Miami and Penn State did shit that was so vile that it made Ohio State look like choir boys in comparison .
Life ’s all about striking while the iron ’s hot .
Go hard .
4.6 second football team .
I ’m excited to get started coaching this football team .
This is a perfect marriage and I know all about perfect marraiges , right honey ?
Archives : Whatnot
What is wrong with you , Forbes.com ?
Posted on November 29 , 2011 by spencer096
Every time I click on a forbes.com link , I have the same mindset .
” Maybe THIS is the time where forbes.com got their heads out of their asses and quit this whole slideshow bullshit . ”
Every .
Single .
Time .
And , likewise , every single time I click on the link and see that absolutely nothing has changed , I feel like a jackass .
It ’s like they ’re laughing at me .
” AHAHAHAH … look who came back .
The retard who thinks that we , FORBES , will change our ways to make our site more navigable and readable .
What a fool . ”
If it were n’t forbes.com and say , icanhazcheezburger.com or whatever , it would n’t be an issue because they ’re not pretentious rich assholes .
But forbes.com ?
Oh , they ’re pretentious rich assholes .
They ’re going to make us click each and every one of those slides if we truly want that information , and God forbid that you want to go back and see a previous one … hope you remembered which slide it was .
And the whole time you get this sense that they ’re not changing it for no other reason than to be known as those assholes that make internet navigating as difficult as possible .
Nevermind that the site itself loads slower than shit or that you often have to resize the page just so you can find the ‘ next ’ button , the simple fact that their core method for delivering information is a fucking SLIDESHOW is the biggest problem .
There ’s an adage that goes something like “ a politician is someone who , upon seeing light at the end of the tunnel orders more tunnel , ” and you ca n’t help but apply that quote to this awful , bullshit site for a shitty money magazine that ’s probably written , published , read and marketed solely to rich , white assholes who fear change like it ’s the fucking apocalypse .
Then again , it could just be a brilliant strategy that keeps people from actually reading the content … if the only emotion you feel after visiting forbes.com is pure , unadulterated rage , you probably wo n’t notice that the only difference between forbes.com and Bleacher Report is a quick run of spell check .
So , to summarize … fuck you forbes.com and the horse you rode in on .
MajorLeagueJerk.com
The term “ seed bombing ” has been used since the 1970s when the guerrilla gardening movement got its start .
Since then , we ’ve seen all sorts of inventive types of seed bombs .
The original type was a condom filled with fertilizer , water and wildflower seeds , but most guerrilla gardeners use the entirely - natural kind made of simply mud , compost and seeds .
Different recipes abound , but they ’re all largely the same idea .
So it ’s kind of a big thing when someone comes along to redesign the seed bomb concept .
South Korean designer Jin-wook Hwang came up with this design for a completely new kind of seed bomb : one that could be used on a larger scale than the neighborhood - greening ones we ’re used to .
In his project portfolio , Hwang tells of the inspiration for his idea : “ After The 2nd world war , Gale Halvorson , an American pilot , dropped candies in the name of hope for children in Berlin .
The seedbomb is the bomb of hope like the candies of Gale Halvorson . ”
This new seedbomb is n’t meant to replace the neighborhood mud ball ; rather , it ’s intended for a larger scale .
Meant to be airdropped into arid environments , the seedbomb is actually a vessel carrying smaller seed capsules .
When the bomb is released , it falls apart , scattering the seed capsules inside .
Each capsule contains a small amount of soil and nutrients along with seeds .
For the first stage of the plants ’ lives , the seed capsules act as tiny greenhouses , protecting the fledgling plants .
As the plants grow , the seed capsules biodegrade .
What ’s left is a new crop of plants in an area that was once dry and void of vegetation .
Hwang ’s vision is to drop his seedbombs into areas where most humans would never think to start a garden .
The idea is that by reforesting some of the world ’s arid locations , we can improve not only the landscape , but the overall health of the planet .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - Somalia has announced it plans to ratify a global treaty aimed at protecting children , leaving the United States as the only country outside the pact , UNICEF said Friday .
A boy carries bricks on his head at a riverside factory where mud is fired in kilns to produce building materials on the outskirts of Chad 's capital N'Djamena , May 31 2008 .
Many children are used as cheap labour transporting bricks .
REUTERS / Finbarr O'Reilly
Somalia and the United States have long been the last hold - outs to the Convention on the Rights of the Child , adopted by the United Nations General Assembly exactly 20 years ago .
The most widely ratified international human rights treaty , it declares that those under 18 years old must be protected from violence , exploitation , discrimination and neglect .
“ Adherence to and application of the Convention will be of crucial importance for the children of Somalia , who are gravely affected by the ongoing conflict , recurrent natural disasters and chronic poverty , ” the U.N. Children ’s Fund ( UNICEF ) said in a statement welcoming the move .
In 2002 , Somalia ’s previous transitional government signed the Convention , which the United States also signed under President Bill Clinton in 1995 , but neither has ratified it .
UNICEF said Somalia ’s transitional government had told it the “ Somali cabinet of ministers has agreed in principle to ratify the Convention on the rights of the Child . ”
UNICEF director Ann Veneman , who was agriculture secretary under U.S. President George W. Bush , told reporters Thursday that it was “ frustrating ” that Washington had not adopted the pact .
But she said there were some “ technical ” reasons behind the U.S. decision to remain outside it .
Among these is Washington ’s policy of considering one human rights treaty at a time .
UNICEF spokeswoman Veronique Taveau told a news briefing in Geneva on Friday : “ The United States has indicated that a very important review process is going on at the moment in order to arrive as quickly as possible at a ratification . ”
Mark Kornblau , a spokesman for the U.S. mission to the United Nations in New York , said Thursday the administration of President Barack Obama was “ committed to undertaking a thorough and thoughtful review of the Convention of the Rights of the Child . ”
December 21 , 2009 - Mike Booth
With the success of the AI systems of Left 4 Dead , we 've been continuing to develop these technologies to create new kinds of game experiences .
Team Fortress 2 is an excellent " sandbox " for explorations of this sort , and we 've been quietly doing so for much of this last year .
Some of the results of these explorations are TF " bots " —
AI - driven player proxies with simulated humanlike senses , reaction times , and tactics .
Although the TFBots are not yet complete , they play a pretty decent game of King of the Hill .
We thought you might enjoy testing your skill against these work - in - progress digital killing machines .
We 'd also like to hear your thoughts on how the bots are behaving .
Although we have our list of behavior bugs to tackle ( this is a beta after all ) , we 're sure you 'll discover issues we have n't yet seen .
If you 'd like to give us bot feedback , you can post your thoughts in our new Bot Feedback sub - forum , or send us an e-mail at tfbots@valvesoftware.com .
In either case , please tell us the three things you hate most about the bots , and the three things you like best about them ( as well as anything else you think we should know ) .
Since this is a beta test , the TFBots are only functional on these King of the Hill maps : koth_viaduct , koth_sawmill , and koth_nucleus .
They do n't understand the rules of multiple point capturing , cart pushing , or flag getting ... yet .
There 's also no interface in the game to accessing them yet ( we 'll add one in an update shortly ) , so you 'll need to access them manually .
To add bots to your game , use the console command tf_bot_add .
This will drop a random bot onto a random team ( assuming there is a free player slot ) .
The tf_bot_add command can also take up to three optional arguments : < count > , < class > , and < team > , in any order .
For example , tf_bot_add 10 will add 10 random bots to the game with auto - assigned teams .
Typing tf_bot_add pyro blue will add a Pyro to the blue team .
Entering tf_bot_add red 5 will add 5 random bots to the red team .
The command tf_bot_add red 3 heavyweapons will add three heavies to the red team .
.
This will drop a random bot onto a random team ( assuming there is a free player slot ) .
The command can also take up to three optional arguments : , , and , in any order .
For example , will add 10 random bots to the game with auto - assigned teams .
Typing will add a Pyro to the blue team .
Entering will add 5 random bots to the red team .
The command will add three heavies to the red team .
In order to put specific bots on specific teams ( for a bots - vs - humans game , for example ) , you may want to disable automatic team balancing .
To do this , enter mp_autoteambalance 0 followed by mp_teams_unbalance_limit 0 .
followed by .
To remove a bot , use the console command kick < bot name > .
To remove all of the bots in the game , use the command tf_bot_kick all .
TFBots are " players " , and take up player slots .
They run the exact same code that human players do , moving and firing weapons by pressing " virtual buttons " .
The bots have simulated humanlike senses , and only know what they see , hear , and touch .
They also have realistic reaction times and aiming limitations .
They do n't " cheat " or use omniscient knowledge of the server state to make their decisions .
If you 're interested in the technical details , give this a read - through .
BBC accused of political correctness over all - women version of Question Time
The BBC is to celebrate women 's rights by screening a version of Question Time with an all - female audience - but will still allow men on the panel .
The broadcaster is facing accusations of political correctness after announcing details of the special episode on this week 's show .
The episode from Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , will air on March 11 - during International Women 's Week - and will follow the politics show 's usual format with questions from the audience on topical subjects , the BBC said .
Special :
The BBC has faced accusations of political correctness for planning a version of Question Time with an all - female audience
But the all - women audience goes against Question Time 's usual process of selecting an audience to ensure a wide cross-section of British society .
The application form does not usually ask for the sex of potential audience members , but does request details such as name , address , age , political allegiance , racial group and occupation .
Applicants are asked what issues they would like to talk about and their views on the war in Iraq and on whether they are pro-Europe or not .
The BBC says the information allows it to invite a balanced variety of people .
Others have questioned whether women should be treated as a special interest group .
Despite the emphasis on representing only women in the audience , the first confirmed panellist for the special edition of Question Time is a man - gardening expert Monty Don .
LEBANON , Tenn .
- Wilson County schools have agreed to end the distribution of Bibles to students during the school day and on school grounds .
The settlement came after the American Civil Liberties Union of Tennessee threatened to sue on behalf of a fifth - grade student at Carroll - Oakland Elementary School .
A Tuesday news release announcing the settlement claims the student took a Bible during a distribution in the school 's gym because she feared being ostracized if she did not .
In the settlement , school board members acknowledge that distribution of Bibles to students at school has been recognized as a violation of the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
Try Some JavaScript
Math .
PI *2 //
Enter your own code here
Results show up here .
Here 's hoping you did n't pull the trigger on of the world 's first SDXC cards to ship , ' cause if so , you just paid a painful premium .
Nary two months after Panasonic served up the first 32GB and 64GB SDXC cards to the masses , SanDisk has stepped in to ship its highest capacity Secure Digital card ever in the 64GB Ultra SDXC .
Said device boasts a 15 MB / sec read speed , a Class 4 speed rating and an exFAT file structure that helps you capture 1080 p clips without any glitches or hangups .
It 's also based around the minty fresh SD 3.0 specification , so make sure that you pick up an SDXC reader or a device that specifically supports the format ( you know , like ASUS ' Eee PC T101MT ) .
If you 're finally ready to leap , this one 's available now for the not - quite - reasonable price of $ 349.99 , though if we were you , we 'd wait for the rest of the competition to hit the ship button and drive down the MSRP .
The government ’s growing involvement in the dietary - supplement industry strikes many as a waste of the people ’s time and treasure .
Years ago , Sen. Richard Durbin , D - Ill. , co-authored legislation requiring the dietary - supplement industry to report adverse events , effective December 2007 .
In 2008 the FDA received 1,080 adverse event reports relating to the use of dietary supplements .
In the same time period , there were a total of 526,527 adverse events reports stemming from the use of prescription drugs .
Despite the gaping difference between those two figures , a few congressional leaders — including Durbin himself — queried the Government Accounting Office regarding the marketing of “ selected herbal dietary supplements . ”
Now — in response to a request by Durbin and Reps.
Stupak , Dingell and Waxman — the agency has issued the “ GAO Report to Congressional Requesters : Dietary Supplements FDA Should Take Further Actions to Improve Oversight and Consumer Understanding ” .
The report states that the FDA has seen a threefold increase in adverse event reports ( AERs ) relating to dietary supplements compared with the previous year , even though the legislation requiring AERs of dietary supplements did not go into effect until 2008 .
Furthermore , the GAO report claims that the FDA has “ limited information on types of products ( dietary supplements ) currently available in the marketplace , ” this despite the fact that in 2005 the American Herbal Products Association ( AHPA ) provided the FDA with a copy of the second edition of its Herbs of Commerce in addition to extensive congressional testimony , given under oath , all of which contradict the GAO ’s statement .
As the AHPA update on January 26 , 2010 , notes : “ [ L]etters indicate the GAO is not entirely clear on the way the DSHEA [ the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 ] addresses dietary supplements ” .
AHPA adds that it “ is working to learn more about the reason for the committee ’s request . ”
In the years leading up to 1994 , consumers overwhelmingly told their elected officials ( and these officials were in office when DSHEA was passed into law ! ) that they want access to dietary supplements and trust their own judgment to make informed decisions about which supplements are right for their needs .
In light of today ’s pressures to protect the nation ’s safety and restore the economy , all while reducing waste , spending tax payers ’ money to address “ a review of the marketing of selected herbal dietary supplements ” seems worse than silly .
Share This Post
The Obama administration plans to ask Congress for an additional $ 33 billion to fight unpopular wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , on top of a record request for $ 708 billion for the Defense Department next year , The Associated Press has learned .
The administration also plans to tell Congress next month that its central military objectives for the next four years will include winning the current wars while preventing new ones and that its core missions will include both counterinsurgency and counterterrorism operations .
ADVERTISEMENT
The administration ’s Quadrennial Defense Review , the main articulation of U.S. military doctrine , is due to Congress on Feb .
1 . Top military commanders were briefed on the document at the Pentagon on Monday and Tuesday .
They also received a preview of the administration ’s budget plans through 2015 .
The four - year review outlines six key mission areas and spells out capabilities and goals the Pentagon wants to develop .
The pilotless drones used for surveillance and attack missions in Afghanistan and Pakistan are a priority , with a goal of speeding up the purchase of new Reaper drones and expansion of Predator and Reaper drone flights through 2013 .
The extra $ 33 billion in 2010 would mostly go toward the expansion of the war in Afghanistan .
Obama ordered an extra 30,000 troops for that war as part of an overhaul of the war strategy late last year .
The request for that additional funding will be sent to Congress at the same time as the record spending request for next year , making war funding an especially difficult pill for some of Obama ’s Democratic allies .
Military officials have suggested that the 2011 request would top $ 700 billion for the first time , but the precise figure has not been made public .
ADVERTISEMENT
U.S. officials outlined the coming requests on condition of anonymity because the budget request will not be sent to Congress until later this month .
Obama ’s request for more war spending is likely to receive support on Capitol Hill , where Republicans will join moderate Democrats to pass the bill .
But the budget debate is also likely to expose a widening rift between Obama ’s administration — it sees more troops and money as necessary to winning the war — and Democratic leaders , who have watched public opinion turn against the military campaign .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The president ’s going to have to make his case , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif . , told reporters last month at her year - end briefing .
The 2010 budget contains about $ 128 billion for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
That figure would rise to $ 159 billion next year under the proposals prepared for Congress .
The Pentagon projects that war funding would drop sharply in 2012 , to $ 50 billion , and remain there through 2015 .
That is a calculation that the United States will save money from the withdrawal of forces in Iraq , as well as a prediction that the Afghanistan war will begin to wind down in the middle of 2011 .
Obama has promised that U.S. forces will begin to withdraw from Afghanistan in July 2011 , but his defense advisers have set no time limit for the war .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Pentagon projects that overall defense spending would be $ 616 billion in 2012 ; $ 632 billion in 2013 ; $ 648 billion in 2014 ; and $ 666 billion in 2015 .
Congress sets little store by such predictions , which typically have fallen short of actual requests and spending .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , are expected to testify to Congress about the budget and the policy review in February .
The four - year policy statement is a more important statement of administration goals .
For the current wars , the policy statement focuses on efforts to refocus money and talent on beefing up special operations forces , countering weapons of mass destruction and terrorism threats and on cyber security and warfare .
For example , the Pentagon would like to expand special operations forces ’ aviation by expanding the gunship fleet from 25 to 33 .
Rajaan Bennett , one of Vanderbilt 's top football recruits for 2010 , was shot to death by his mother 's ex-boyfriend , according to police in Georgia .
Bennett was the apparent victim of a murder - suicide after an incident at his home involving his mother 's ex-boyfriend Clifton Steager .
Police were called to the scene in Powder Springs , Ga. , and heard shots fired .
An official said inside the home were the bodies of Steager and Bennett .
Bennett 's uncle , Taiwan Hunter , was wounded and underwent surgery .
He was in serious condition Thursday afternoon .
It was not clear what prompted the shooting .
Bennett was ranked 246th best prospect by Rivals.com 's after rushing for 1,857 yards and 28 touchdowns for McEachern High School .
He was the first member of the Rivals250 to ever sign with Vanderbilt .
Bennett also had offers from Tennessee , Louisville , Wisconsin and Kentucky .
" All of us at Vanderbilt are devastated by news of Rajaan 's death .
This is just so tragic to everybody that knew and loved Rajaan , " Vanderbilt coach Bobby Johnson said on Thursday .
" Initially , our thoughts and prayers are with his mother Narjaketha and family members .
I know he meant so much to them .
" Rajaan was an extraordinary young man and an ideal fit for Vanderbilt University .
As we got to know Rajaan , it became very clear to our coaches that he was a better person than he was an athlete .
He was a leader , a young man who gained the respect of the entire community at McEachern High School . "
The news was difficult for the McEachern community , including football coach Kyle Hockman , who described Bennett as " one of the best ever . "
Athletics director Jimmy Dorsey recalled his last encounter with Bennett on the day before the shooting .
PAN , February 17 , 2010
Zainulalh Stanakzai
LASHKARGAH :
The bodies of a dozen people killed in a NATO air strike in Marja district two days ago were handed over to their families for burial in southern Helmand province , residents said on Wednesday .
The 12 civilians killed when NATO forces targeted their houses during the ongoing Operation Mushatarak in Marja and Nad Ali districts .
The international forces shifted the bodies form Marja district to provincial capital , Lashkargah late Tuesday evening and handed them over to their families in the Bost Hospital of the city .
A Marja dweller , who visited the hospital to receive the bodies of his relatives , said he lost 10 members of his family in the strike .
He added his parents and a young brother were among his other family members dead in the assault .
" No one attacked foreign forces from our house and there were no fighters hiding in our house , " he explained .
Another resident of the area , Haji Abdul Karim , said he sent his family to the house of his neighbour to avoid being killed in the operation .
" But artillery shells fired by foreign troops hit the house of my neighbour , killing all people inside excluding a small girl , " he said .
Another member of his family , Bismillah said the dead were laid to rest in Grishk district due to the ongoing war in their own district .
Governor 's spokesman , Mohammad Daud Ahmadi , said that deputy governor had visited the victims ' families at the hospital and expressed his deep sorrows over the civilian deaths .
He promised the victim families of compensation .
" We were told that three fighters and nine civilians have been killed in a house , but later it was known that all of the dead were civilians , " the gubernatorial spokesman said .
If you happen to be looking for a $ 110,000 - a- year job that involves answering lots of phone calls about garbage collection , getting pushed around by Mayor Daley and his minions , and resisting the impulse to accept bribes , City Hall is advertising a couple of openings you might be interested in .
Sure , you have to live in either the 1st or 29th Ward .
But if you do , the mayor himself would like to hear from you .
From a press release posted on the home page of the city 's Web site :
" Mayor Richard M. Daley is seeking residents of the 1st and 29th Wards who are interested in being considered for Aldermen to apply to fill the vacancies in those wards .
Applications should be submitted to the Mayor 's Office by Friday , February 19 , 2010 . "
To be qualified , candidates must be registered to vote , must be willing to disclose their business investments and property holdings , must have resided in the ward for at least a year , and — this is the big one — must " not have been convicted in any court located in the United States of any infamous crime , bribery , perjury , or other felony . "
This appears to be part of the mayor 's new interest in running a government free of the appearance of corruption .
Traditionally a departing alderman would recommend a successor whom the mayor would formally appoint .
That 's happened more than 30 times since Daley became mayor in 1989 .
In most cases it resulted in a new alderman even more compliant than the one who'd left .
But the mayor played by different rules last summer , when 26th Ward alderman Billy Ocasio quit to go to work for Governor Pat Quinn .
Daley rejected Ocasio's first and second choices and instead tapped county commissioner Roberto Maldonado .
This time he 's got two slots to fill .
Last month Manny Flores resigned his job as First Ward alderman when Quinn named him chairman of the Illinois Commerce Commission .
And two weeks ago Isaac Carothers stepped down as 29th Ward alderman after pleading guilty to bribery and tax evasion .
Since then Daley 's been eager to clean up City Hall .
That means no more aldermanic appointments behind closed doors .
Instead , Daley will screen applicants behind closed doors .
The mayor has appointed 17 of the 48 current members of the council .
He 'll probably have at least one more vacancy to fill before the year 's out .
Fourth Ward alderman Toni Preckwinkle just won the Democratic nomination for Cook County board president .
A lot of things can happen in the nine months before the general election , but a countywide surge of Republicanism wo n't be one of them .
I 'm not suggesting that Batman would be a better hero if he started shooting people , but I do have to wonder how the people around him feel about his idealism .
Hey Batman .
You know how you spared Joker 's life a couple of weeks ago and then he escaped from prison again ?
While he was out , he burned down my neighborhood and killed everyone I work with .
So ... thanks for that .
Dick .
The game opens with Joker in your custody .
Not to spoil the plot or anything , but you do n't just put him in jail and go home to enjoy a nice quiet evening of surfing the net on the Bat - computer and brooding .
Between that point and the end of the game , about a hundred orderlies and prison guards end up dead .
Nice one , Batman .
Shamus
Young is the guy behind this website , this book , these three webcomics , and this program .
Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter , BBC News
Antibiotic resistance is an increasing problem Patients may have to be prescribed higher doses of antibiotics because of rising rates of obesity , say doctors .
The standard " one - size fits all " dose may not clear infection in larger adults and increases the risk that resistance will develop , they argue .
More work is needed to guide GPs on how and when to alter doses , an editorial in The Lancet to accompany the study by doctors from Greece and the US says .
GPs said it was an interesting theory but may end up being expensive .
Around one in four adults in England is classified as obese - an increase from 15 % in 1993 .
Patients are getting taller and larger and it does seem right that patients are given the appropriate strength of drug
Professor Steve Field , Royal College of GPs
Given the fact people are getting larger , use of standard doses of antibiotics in all adults , regardless of size , is outdated , argue two doctors from Greece and the US .
Size and even the proportion of body fat a person has , can affect the concentration of antibiotics in the body , potentially reducing how effective they are in larger patients , they say .
And failure to clear an infection because too small a dose is given may raise the risk of resistance - already an increasing problem for doctors .
Likewise , smaller than average patients may get too much drug , and suffer greater side - effects as a consequence .
Guidance
An accompanying editorial said dose adjustments could easily be made if research was done to guide doctors in treating obese patients .
Professor Steve Field , chair of the Royal College of GPs said he would encourage " appropriate " antibiotic prescribing and lots of patients are given them unnecessarily .
But he added : " Patients are getting taller and larger and it does seem right that patients are given the appropriate strength of drug .
" However , this might cost a lot of money because pharmaceutical companies would have to provide different doses of medication .
" At the moment , most come in two strengths and we would not want to see an increase in costs . "
He added that GPs will already use their judgment to alter medication doses where necessary .
Professor Hugh Pennington , an expert in antibiotics from the University of Aberdeen , said antibiotics would differ in how size altered their effectiveness .
" But studies on this would not be hard to do .
" If you have too little of a drug it 's not going to be good for treating the infection but it also raises the possibility that the organism will become resistant .
" They 're such powerful drugs , we want to make sure we are using them properly . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AIG to keep up to $ 500B in controversial assets
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- AIG has decided to keep up to $ 500 billion of assets that have been widely blamed for bringing the company to its near collapse .
The troubled insurer changed its plans for unwinding its entire derivatives portfolio , and instead plans to retain up to 25 % , AIG spokesman Mark Herr said .
That means AIG could hold onto $ 500 billion worth of the assets , but Herr said the amount will likely be less than 15 % or $ 300 billion .
The controversial derivatives tumbled in value when the bottom of the housing market fell out , bringing the company to its knees .
Taxpayers stepped in with a $ 181 billion bailout to rescue the company .
AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) had previously planned to sell off 100 % of its $ 1.9 trillion portfolio of 44,000 derivatives , and it sought to close down the Financial Products unit that bought and sold them .
The company wound down 28 % of its derivatives portfolio in the first nine months of 2009 .
As of September , AIG had $ 1.1 trillion , or 16,000 of the controversial assets .
But the credit markets are making a comeback , and the company reportedly believes it can take advantage of the upswing by maintaining a portion of its of its portfolio .
By holding onto some of the assets , it hopes it may be able to get a good return on its investments and pay back the billions it owes the federal government .
" Rather than hold a fire sale on positions , we are pursuing a strategy to maximize value on the unwind for the taxpayer , " said Herr .
This has already helped with our counterparties because they know we can negotiate better deals . "
AIG also believes it has been able to eliminate risk from the assets it will continue to hold , and said it has already reduced the amount of risk by 75 % since the company 's bailout in September 2008 .
After consulting the Treasury Department and the New York Federal Reserve , AIG has received the blessing of its government overseers .
The news follows reports that surfaced earlier this month saying that AIG hired Barclays to manage its portfolio .
Even if AIG manages the assets on its own , the company says it still plans to close down the troubled Financial Products division by the end of 2010 .
The insurer said it now has 220 employees in that division , down from 400 at the time of its bailout .
The Financial Products unit has been the object of much furor from lawmakers and the public .
In addition to maintaining the derivatives portfolio , it was also responsible for writing insurance - like contracts on subprime mortgage - backed assets .
Despite the unit 's struggles nearly destroying AIG , the company still paid Financial Products employees retention bonuses of nearly $ 400 million .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) completely unloaded on John McCain last night , blasting the Arizona Republican for making " pathetically untrue " and " cowardly " statements about TARP .
McCain made a stir yesterday when he told the Arizona Republic that he voted for TARP because he had been misled by then - Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke .
ADVERTISEMENT
He also said that President Bush had asked him to suspend his campaign and come back to Washington for negotiations .
Democrats ridiculed the move as a political stunt .
Appearing on MSNBC last night , Frank said both of those claims were dishonest .
Addressing McCain 's claim that Bush asked the nominee to come back to Washington , Frank was blunt : " This is such a pathetically , obviously untrue statement .
Those of us who were there know it .
" Frank said it was clearly McCain 's own decision to insert himself into the negotiations because he wanted to play the hero .
" He reminded me of kind of Andy Kaufman as Mighty Mouse : ' Here I come to save the day , ' " Frank quipped .
Frank then took on McCain 's claim that Paulson and Bernanke had misled him about the proposal .
" For him to blame Paulson or Bernanke is cowardly , " Frank said .
" This was Bush .
Paul and Bernanke were acting for George Bush .
" He added : " I 've gone beyond being disappointed for John McCain to feeling sorry for him . "
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
On December 17 , 1977 , Elvis Costello and the Attractions performed as a last - minute replacement on Saturday Night Live for the Sex Pistols , who were unable to obtain passports due to criminal histories .
Legend has it Costello wanted to play “ Radio Radio ” on SNL .
Columbia Records , Costello ’s US label , on the other hand was interested in having an already - established song performed in order to promote the band prior to the American release of My Aim Is True and This Year ’s Model .
A slightly different version says NBC and SNL producer Lorne Michaels did n’t want Costello to perform the single “ Radio Radio ” because the song protests the commercialization of radio broadcasts and the power wielded by the media in selecting who is heard on the airwaves , especially within the politically explicit side of punk rock .
Regardless of what story you buy into one thing is for certain , Costello was not supposed to play “ Radio Radio ” that night .
In true punk rock fashion the band defied orders .
Costello began his SNL performance with the less - controversial song “ Less than Zero . ”
But after a few bars , he turned to the Attractions waving his hand and yelling “ Stop ! Stop ! , ” then said to the audience , “ I ’m sorry , ladies and gentlemen , there ’s no reason to do this song here , ” possibly referring to the fact “ Less than Zero ” was written as a reply to British fascist politician of the day Oswald Mosley .
The SNL music director at the time Howard Shore attributed it to Costello purposely bucking the pressure he felt from Columbia Records .
Either way , Lorne Micheals was furious .
The second Costello changed songs Micheals allegedly began flipping Costello the bird and continued to do so until the end of the performance .
Whether Micheal ’s reaction had more to do with the SNL ’s taping being thrown off schedule or Costello ’s song choice remains to be seen .
However , Costello would not appear again on Saturday Night Live until 1989 .
On SNL ’s 25th anniversary show in 1999 , Costello interrupted the Beastie Boys ’ performance of “ Sabotage ” in a similar but joking fashion , and together they broke into a version of “ Radio Radio . ”
We are thinkmoney
Take control of your finances with a thinkmoney Current Account .
The digital banking service that helps you pay your bills on time and improve your credit score - 3 out of 4 of our customers have done just that !*
Looking for an easier way of banking ?
That ’s what we ’re here for !
Thanks to our easy - to - use budgeting system and 24/7 access to your account , you will have your money managed in no time .
Text size
BRACE YOURSELF FOR THE SECOND WAVE -- the wave of sovereign defaults that typically occurs a few years after a financial meltdown .
The first sign of what 's headed our way may have arrived last week , when pressure on the Greek debt markets was intense enough for the European Union to publicly promise to support the profligate spender .
Concern about Dubai 's ability to pay its debts re-emerged as well , despite earlier financial support from Abu Dhabi that calmed the market for a short time .
Worries about the ability of Spain , Portugal , Ireland and Italy to fund their deficits are also dogging investors .
And before Americans start to feel smug , our own domestic tests are coming from states like California , Illinois and New York , which are facing large deficits .
California 's 10 - year debt yields 4.5 % , which translates into a 6.92 % after - tax yield .
Illinois ' 10 - year debt sports a 3.77 % yield , for an after - tax bonanza of 5.8 % .
Those are extraordinary levels ; municipal debt typically yields less than 10 - year Treasuries , currently at 3.69 % .
There are credit - default swaps on 50 countries , and all but three have seen widening spreads , notes James Bianco , CEO of Bianco Research .
" The whole planet 's ability to pay its debt is being questioned , " he says .
The risk is that these smaller " subprime " countries and states drag down their larger " prime " counterparts .
If the U.S. and Germany need to step in to support their leveraged underlings , they may risk their own debt ratings and funding costs if investors start to question their credit quality .
Exacerbating the situation is the financial tightening in China , which will slow growth in one of the few areas of the world that is growing .
" If China is the engine of growth , a Chinese tightening will slow world growth and hurt the countries that need to increase revenue , " Bianco says .
The thinking is that the world needs bubble - like economic growth to generate the revenues required to service its debt .
Sovereign problems come as no surprise to Kenneth Rogoff , an economics professor at Harvard , who -- along with Carmen Reinhart of the University of Maryland -- was coauthor of a bestselling look back at financial crises , This Time Is Different .
The duo determined that in the wake of financial crises , public debt explodes ( thanks in part to bailouts ) and revenues decline as tax receipts disappear .
Sound familiar ?
And the bad news is that the process could take five years , some countries will default , and the U.S. could end up supporting some states before all is said and done , predicts Rogoff .
As countries and states work through their budget problems , the necessary tax hikes and spending cuts will at best be a drag on the economy and at worst keep the most leveraged entities in recession , he says .
Bond bulls believe that the resulting slow economic growth will help Treasury yields stay low , and Treasuries certainly enjoyed a flight to quality as the world focused on Greece last week .
But at some point , if the American states go under the microscope , the quality of U.S. debt could come into question and , Bianco warns , the 10 - year Treasury yield could rise to 5 % .
Stock investors need to keep track of this bond - market saga for two reasons .
Higher interest rates typically mean higher costs for corporations and lower price / earnings ratios on their shares .
Neither supports a bull market .
ED SHILL , CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER at QCI Asset Management , brought to our attention a fascinating chart .
It compares the price performance of Freeport - McMoRan Copper & Gold ( ticker : FCX ) and Barrick Gold ( ABX ) .
If you look at the two going back to last February , Freeport has rallied by 172 % while the price of Barrick stock has not budged .
The divergence has occurred because copper has far outperformed gold in the past year .
This performance is not the norm .
The two stocks often trade in lock step .
When the shares do diverge , they have historically returned to their historical relationship .
Shill believes that will happen again , so he has purchased Barrick stock and sold his Freeport position .
Barrick recently took off its gold hedges and boasts a growing production profile .
Adding to the trade 's attractiveness is the fact that Barrick stock has underperformed the price of gold in the past year .
" I 'm in the reversion - to- the - mean camp , " says Shill .
So if Barrick rallies and catches up to gold prices , and gold rallies to catch back up to copper prices , Barrick stock -- recently at 37 -- could be back at 45 in no time at all .
You Are Here : Pages ›› Home
Brilliant Canvas Art
Brilliant Wall
Art offer a striking range of colourful canvas wall art which can be hung on any wall in the home or office at a very low cost .
Our canvas wall art items are easily wall mountable and are carefully crafted from stretched canvas over a wooden frame .
It may only amount to a drop in Nintendo 's pockets , but an Australian provider of R4 cards used to copy Nintendo DS games has now been ordered to pay Nintendo $ 620,000 Australian dollars ( or about $ 556,822 US dollars ) in damages , and destroy all its remaining stock for good measure .
While that company , GadgetGear , does n't seem to be commenting on the matter itself , Nintendo says that GadgetGear has " now acknowledged that game copying devices infringe both Nintendo 's copyright and Nintendo 's trademarks and that they are illegal circumvention devices , " adding that " GadgetGear and the directors have agreed to permanently refrain from importing , offering for sale and / or selling game copier devices . "
Of course , it is just one provider of R4 cards that 's affected by the case , but Nintendo is no doubt hoping that the hefty fine will be enough to at least act as a deterrent to others .
Many of us have noticed that everyday we find good number of new web development and design blogs .
Few of them are really cool but not much famous due to anonymous reasons .
Today I have collected 17 new blogs having alexa rank less than 50 k , yet worth reading .
Have a look , most of them may be new for you .
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
.
Even my blog is new 🙂
.
Follow on TwitterSubscribe to RSS
.
Swaziland 's absolute monarch and tyrant , King Mswati III .
By the Swaziland Democracy Campaign
Campaigning for democracy in Swaziland NOW !
February 25 , 2010 -- Johannesburg , South Africa --
On February 21 , 2010 , the world witnessed the launch of a global initiative to support pro-democracy forces in Swaziland : the Swaziland Democracy Campaign ( SDC ) .
This is a product of many years of working together between South African and Swaziland organisations , which includes political parties , trade unions , churches , youth and students organisations .
The SDC is an expression of the just and legitimate struggles waged by the Swazi people in their quest for human dignity , justice , democracy and human rights .
It endorses the principle of justice denied anywhere is justice denied everywhere .
Further , that the freedom of all the peoples of the world remains incomplete without the freedom of the people of Swaziland .
Our program
In this regard we wish to state that immediate campaigning priorities will be :
A gobal week of action beginning on April 12 , 2010 , which will see an intensification of measures to unleash a massive program all over the world focusing on Swaziland .
An acceleration of a comprehensive boycott of luxury goods of the ruling class and the non-handling of items such as weapons by workers all over the world , that are used to brutalise the people , as well as isolation of members of the oppressive regime from schools and other places where they receive superior attention that those reserved for ordinary people inside the country .
A global march for democracy in Swaziland , otherwise known as the Swazi Democracy March ( SDM ) , on September 6 , 2010 , to coincide with the so - called independence celebrations ; to raise and popularise the struggle for democracy .
This march shall involve people from all over the world joining the Swazi people inside Swaziland for a historic march whose details are yet to be fully released , in order to make the world taste the reality faced by the Swazi people everyday .
The SDM shall include fact - finding missions , visits to various areas to assess the conditions in the country and briefings .
A huge media contingent from all over the world shall accompany the events .
Development of a Swaziland Information Bank where we shall deposit and receive information about developments inside the country on a regular basis .
Establishment of a Swazi Democracy
Fund , whose full details shall be released in due course .
All these shall be co-ordinated by a joint co-ordinating team made up of four people from Swaziland and four people from South Africa to constitute a transitional team which shall lead until November 2010 , when a proper co-ordination mechanism shall have been determined to lead this initiative and the work involved .
The names of the co-ordinators shall be released in two weeks ' time , after all mandating processes have been fulfilled .
The crisis deepens in Swaziland
For decades the people of Swaziland have been subjected to inhumane treatment at the hands of an entrenched and ruthless ruling elite .
Poverty has continued to ravage the mass of people and especially in the rural areas .
Swaziland has been subjected to the longest state of emergency in the whole world , now having been in place for a staggering 37 years .
Political parties remain banned , opposition parties and movements are proscribed , and the notorious Suppression Terrorism
Act is used to prevent any expression of democratic activity .
HIV has destroyed many families and communities .
Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infections in the whole world .
Life expectancy has dropped from 65 to 31 in the last 13 years , and the regime remains complacent to its devastating impact .
The cost of education makes it completely inaccessible to many poor communities , forcing many learners to drop out .
Women and children 's rights are undermined daily , and abuse is commonplace , is often justified in the name if culture .
Recent reports have confirmed arbitrary killings of unarmed civilians by the army and police , and yet no one is held to account .
Political activists are regularly arrested , tortured and humiliated .
The recent student struggle is a case in point .
In this regard we wish to strongly condemn the arrests and torture of a number of student leaders over the last two weeks , and the forced suspension / expulsion of Bhekie Khumalo , the president of the Swaziland National Union of Students ( SNUS ) for raising legitimate student concerns .
The regime has closed six tertiary institutions , putting the future of thousands of poor Swazi youth in jeopardy .
Of course the children of the ruling elite do not study in the country but are in other parts of the world enjoying their education at the expense of the people of Swaziland .
This endless litany of abuse against the people of Swaziland has been taking place under the noses and the eyes of the world ; and the world has largely remained silent .
This must come to an end .
It will come to an end
The SDC is a platform for the whole world to do what is right , to defend humanity .
It will provide progressive forces of Swaziland , and all peace and democracy loving people around the world , an opportunity to do something practical to raise and amplify the voices calling for democracy in our country .
A joint strategy meeting of civic organisations from both countries has endorsed a Program of Action through which pressure will be mounted on the regime to democratise .
There will be campaigns to put increasing pressure on the regime to force it to respond to the demands for democracy .
The strategy meeting recognised the important role that must be played by the Swaziland United Democratic Front working with all those who wish to see a democratic Swaziland .
We are confident that these initiatives will be successful and will be supported globally .
Many organisations have pledged their support to the campaign , these include the Southern African Trade Union Coordinating Council ( SATUCC ) based in Botswana , Action for Southern Africa ( ACTSA ) based in London , and the British Trades Union Congress , and very many individual organisations and activists in other countries such as Denmark , Tanzania and Norway .
Unions in South Africa , especially those under the banner of COSATU have fully endorsed the campaign .
This campaign does not seek to replace existing organisations but to compliment their work .
In this regard , the demands of the SDC are shared demands among those who have been involved in the struggle for democracy for decades , these include :
the unbanning of political parties ;
the unconditional return of all exiles ;
free and democratic multiparty elections ;
freedom of the media ;
an independent judiciary ;
an end to abuse of culture and women ’s rights .
We also call for the immediate scrapping of the Suppression of Terrorism Act , which makes it a terrorist offense to belong to certain parties and organisations .
We take this opportunity to salute the gallant fighter of the people , Comrade Mario Masuku , president of the People 's United Democratic Movement ( PUDEMO ) , who was arrested under this act and spent more than 350 days in detention without trial .
We salute all those who have been victimised in this manner .
In conclusion , we wish to salute other solidarity structures that continue to do work on Swaziland , the Swaziland Solidarity Network ( SSN ) based in South Africa , the Swaziland Democracy Watch in Denmark and the Swazi Vigil in Britain .
We encourage activists around the world to intensify the call for democracy and assist with all available resources to build unity in action of all forces for change in Swaziland .
We call on multilateral institutions such as Southern African Development Community , the African Union , the European Union and the United Nations to begin to put the issue of Swaziland on their agenda .
The SADC in particular must stop awarding King Mswati with leadership positions in the region while he oppresses his people .
This is a mockery of the peoples of SADC .
This is a call to action in defence of humanity .
For further information contact : Philani Ndebele on 07694 23565 ; Venitia Govender 0822223074 .
A jó tanár egész életen át ható példát ad , egy olyan új világot nyit meg emberségben és tudásban , amelyet a diák soha el nem felejt .
De milyen is a jó tanár ?
Ezt próbálom meg körbejárni ebben az írásomban .
A jó tanár már elfogadta saját magát .
Személyes , egész életével tanít és nevel .
A jó tanár nem elzártan él a tanítványaitól , élete egy nyitott könyv .
A jó tanár szemléletet ad , az ismeretek összefüggéseit , az ismerethálózat felépítését mutatja meg .
A jó tanár koherens , integráns és hiteles értékmintát jelent .
A jó tanár nyitott és a diákkal együtt tanul .
Érzéke van a különlegesre , mindenben a jót , a pozitívat , az értéket keresi .
A jó tanár legalább ötször annyit dicsér , mint amennyit szid .
Kifogyhatatlan annak a szeretethálózatnak az építésében , amely a diákjainak nyit új és új utakat .
A jó tanár egyszerre az állandóság és a változás egysége .
E kettősség egyidejű betöltésével válik olyan kulturálisan domináns személyiséggé , aki formálja a köré szerveződők közösségét .
E tulajdonságokat mutatja be az írásom végén Elizabeth Silance Ballard és Max Lucado három nagyon szép meséje .
Ennek az írásnak háromszoros aktualitása van .
Az egyik az Apáczai Kiadó 20 .
évfordulóján tartott konferencia , ahol 3300 tanárnak beszélhettem arról , hogy milyen a jó tanár , és ahol elmondtam egy mesét is , amelyet nagyon sokan kértek , hogy tegyek közzé .
A másik a január legvégén közzétett munkánk az oktatás legfontosabb kérdéseiről , amelyiknek az egyik legfontosabb következtetése az , hogy a jó oktatás kulcsa a jó tanár .
A harmadik és legfontosabb pedig az , hogy a jó tanár a legtöbb ember egész életpályájának egy meghatározó eleme .
A jó tanár egész életen át ható példát ad , egy olyan új világot nyit meg emberségben és tudásban , amelyet a diák soha el nem felejt .
De milyen is a jó tanár ?
Ezt próbálom meg körbejárni ebben az írásomban .
A jó tanár már elfogadta saját magát .
A jó tanár ismeri , és elfogadja a hibáit és korlátait .
Emiatt alázatos .
Nem fedezi fel , és nem gyűlöli a saját hibáit a tanítványaiban .
Tudja , hogy mi a tehetségnek az a szintje , ahol az ő szakmai tudása véget ér , ahol másnak kell átadnia a kiválóságot .
Bízik magában , hogy azokra az emberi tartalmakra , amelyeket ő hordoz , a diákjainak akkor is szüksége lesz , amikor már a tanár a saját tanítványának egy szavát sem érti , ha a szakmára terelődik a szó .
A jó tanár tudja , hogy mi ér , és emiatt hiteles .
Meggyőződésem , hogy a jó tanárnak a saját magát elfogadni képes alapállása a legfontosabb .
Ha úgy igazán belegondolunk , ne higgyük azt , hogy ez egyszerű lenne .
Hosszú évtizedek munkája kell ehhez .
Én először 32 évesen tudtam elfogadni magam .
És ma sem állíthatom , hogy az út végén járnék , hiszen minden saját magammal eltöltött évnek olyan új és új hozadéka van , amelynek elfogadása bizony nem kevés feladat .
A saját maga elfogadására való nyitottság és képesség vizsgálata egy ideális oktatási rendszerben a tanári pályaalkalmassági vizsga igen lényeges eleme kellene , hogy legyen .
( Nota bene : így kellene megvizsgálni az alkalmasságot a politikusi , illetve a más emberekkel felelősen foglalkozó pályák bármelyikén . )
A jó tanár személyes .
A jó tanár egész életével tanít és nevel .
A jó tanár nem elzártan él a tanítványaitól .
Az igazán jó tanár élete egy nyitott könyv .
Nyitottsága a saját maga elfogadásán alapul .
A jó tanár egy beszélgetésben legalább annyit ad át saját maga legbels őbb történeteiből a diáknak , mint amennyit a diáktól mélységes bizalommal megkapott .
Csak ezzel érheti el , hogy a diák biztonságban érezhesse magát .
A jó tanárnak e belső történetei „ kibeszélése ” nem okoz gondot , hiszen e történetek minden hozadékát már régen elrendezte magában , hiszen elfogadta magát .
Így válik a jó tanár egész élete példává .
Nem azért , és nem azzal , mert a jó tanár vétlen , és nem hibázó személy .
Hanem azért és azzal , hogy jó tanár nyíltan vállalja a hibáit , szembenéz velük , elfogadja magát hibáival együtt , amelyek javítására törekedik .
Pontosan ez a vállaltan küzdelmes nyitottság adja meg a jó tanár hitelét .
A jó tanár szemléletet ad , az ismeretek összefüggéseit , az ismerethálózat felépítését mutatja meg .
Az igazán jó tanár hitelét a szakmai hitele teremti meg .
Nemcsak a tanított szakjaival összefüggő ismereteket tudja – lehetőleg pontosan – , nemcsak ezen ismeretek fejlesztését vállalja – lehetőleg folyamatosan – , hanem ismeri , és érti ezen ismeretek összefüggéseit is .
A jó tanár iránytűt ad a diák kezébe azzal , hogy az ismeretek lényegét emeli ki .
Van ereje és mersze szelektálni és megmutatni , hogy mely ismeretek azok , amelyek kevéssé fontosak .
A jó tanár az ismerethálózat felépítésével nemcsak azok megtanulását és alkalmazását segíti , hanem egy óriási eszközt ad a diák kezébe annak az eldöntésére , hogy melyik új ismeret a hiteles .
A jó tanár koherens , integráns és hiteles értékmintát jelent .
A jó tanár tulajdonságai , döntései , választásai nem olyanok , mint egy szénaboglya .
A jó tanár következetes és kiszámítható .
Nincsen az életében kettős mérce .
Saját magát és minden diákját ugyanazzal a mértékkel méri .
Igazodási pontot ad , amely létét és egyéniségét egy elbizonytalanodott világban különösen fontos értékké emeli .
Higgyük el , hogy a semmilyen tanárnál még a kifejezetten és koherensen rossz tanár is sokkalta jobb .
Ugyanis a rossz tanár a diáknak a „ nem- választás ” értékmintáját adja meg .
Továbbmegyek : minden tanári karban fontos egy koherensen „ rossz ” tanár jelenléte ( értve ez alatt a maximalista , diáknyúzó , együtt nem érző fajtát ) , hogy a diákoknak viszonyítási pontot adjon .
( Természetesen az is nyilvánvaló , hogy az az iskola , ahol az ilyen , a diákoktól elzárkózó , magukat félistennek képzelő tanárok kerülnek túlsúlyba , egy elátkozott iskola lesz . )
A jó tanár nyitott és a diákkal együtt tanul .
A tanár mintáját megismeri a diák , a diákét a tanár , és kölcsönösen tanulnak egymástól .
A jó tanár készségesen elismeri a hibáit , és hiányosságait .
Világos az értékrendje , emiatt azonnal rájön , ha vétett ellene .
Elfogadta már magát , így a hiba beismerése jottányit sem von le az önértékeléséből .
A vita tárgya ténykérdéssé , és nem önértékelési kérdéssé válik , ami minden elfogulatlan vita egyedüli kiinduló pontja .
A jó tanár kifejezetten keresi és teremti azokat az alkalmakat , amelyekben a tanulási folyamat domináns eleme a diák lehet , aki új ismereteket , új szempontokat hozhat a megértés kölcsönös fejlődésében .
A jó tanárnak érzéke van a különlegesre .
Nem fél tőle , hanem élvezi és örül neki .
Nem zavaró , elzárandó , elrekesztendő , betiltandó eseménynek tartja a különlegest , hanem megfigyelendő , fejlesztendő , kivételes csodának , egy nyiladozó érték ( esetleg tehetség ) első megjelenési formájának .
A jó tanárnak a tehetség kihívást jelent , növeli a kreativitását .
A jó tanár mindig nyitott arra , hogy az egyediségnek olyan egyedi programot találjon ki , amelyik csak rá szabott .
A jó tanár mindenben a jót , a pozitívat , az értéket keresi .
A jó tanár nem azt emeli ki , amit a diák nem tud , hanem azt , amit tud .
A jó tanár legalább ötször annyit dicsér , mint amennyit szid .
A jó tanár ezzel olyan energiákat szabadít fel , amelyek létéről sem ő , sem diákjai , sem pedig a szülők még csak nem is álmodtak .
A jó tanár mindent jóra magyaráz .
Kifogyhatatlan abban a kreativitásban , hogy a legrosszabb eseményben is megtalálja azt , ami jó , ami példa , ami kiemelhető , felmutatható és fejleszthető .
A jó tanár ezzel ad mintát a diákjainak arra , hogy az élet legnehezebb pillanataiban hogyan kell megőrizniük az Emberségüket .
Száz kifejezés az elismerésre a szeretetre .
Annyira nem szokás dícsérni a magyar oktatási intézményekben , hogy a dícséretre alkalmas szókincsünk is elszegényedett .
Ezt az óvodákban észrevéve ( ahol van mit észrevenni , mert legalább dícsérnek ... )
Nagy Jenőné a mellékelt ( és képként letölthető ) száz kifejezést gyűjtötte össze a dícséret , az együttérzés , a bátorítás kifejezéseire .
Kérem , hogy hasznájuk gyakran ezeket , és gazdagítsuk őket tovább !
Bíztassuk a diákjainkat arra , hogy egymást is bátorítsák a versengés gyűlölködő formája helyett .
Adjunk a diákoknak együttműködésre nevelő csoportfeladatokat a versengést indukáló feladatok jelenlegi 95 % - os dominanciája helyett .
VAN mit tennünk e területen , nem is kevés ...
A száz kifejezést tartalmazó .doc file -t ITT lehet letölteni .
A jó tanár nyitott és együttműködő .
A jó tanár kifogyhatatlan annak a szeretethálózatnak az építésében , amely a diákjainak nyit új és új utakat .
A jó tanár minden lépésével a jóindulat egy újabb útját kövezi ki .
Egy ilyen , önelfogadáson , önzetlenségen , bizalmon és értékkeresésen alapuló alapállás olyan energiákat mozgósít a diákok fejlődése érdekében , amelyek létéről addig senki még csak nem is álmodott .
A jó tanár egyszerre az állandóság és a változás egysége .
Azzal , hogy a jó tanár hiteles értékmintát ad , következetes , állandóan és mindenben a jót keresi , a szeretet állandóságát testesíti meg a környezetében .
Azzal , hogy a jó tanár a diákjai , a különleges , az új és a környezete iránt nyitott , azzal , hogy állandóan tanulásra kész , az új bizalomteli elfogadásának , a változásnak az izgalmát hozza a vele kapcsolatban állók életébe .
E kettősség egyidejű betöltésével válik a jó tanár olyan kulturálisan domináns személyiséggé , aki formálja a köré szerveződők közösségét .
A változás és az állandóság egysége a férfias és a nőies tulajdonságok egységeként is felfogható .
A jó tanár egyszerre apa , aki igényeket támaszt , akinek a szeretete a teljesítés feltételéhez kötött , aki állandóan izgalmat hoz , és mindig ú jat mutat .
Ugyanakkor a jó tanár egyben anya is , aki elfogadó , szeretete feltétel nélküli , aki az állandóság megnyugtató és vigaszt adó ősbizalmát hordozza .
Az írásom végén pedig jöjjenek az ígért mesék .
Elsőként azt a mesét ajánlom az olvasóim figyelmébe , amellyel az írásomat kezdtem , Elizabeth Silance Ballard : „ A tanító tanítása ” ( eredeti címén : „ Letters from Teddy ” ) című meséjét , amely arról szól , hogy milyen az igazi tanár .
A mese magyarosított változata INNEN tölthető le .
Az Apáczai kiadó konferenciája előtt ötször kellett elolvasnom a mesét otthon magamban hangosan , amíg biztos lehettem abban , hogy a végén nem csuklik el a meghatottságtól a hangom 3300 pedagógus előtt .
Második kedves mesém Max Lucado „ Értékes vagy ! ” című meséje ( eredeti címén : „ You are special ! ” ) .
A mese arról szól , hogy mindenki értéket hordoz , és ez az érték teljesen független attól , hogy mások mit gondolnak róla .
Ez a mese INNEN tölthető le .
Ezt a mesét is sokszor kellett elolvassam ahhoz , hogy sikerüljön elérzékenyülés nélkül felolvasnom másoknak .
A harmadik mese szintén Max Lucado alkotása .
Ebben az előző történet folytatását meséli el , ahogyan a foltmanók megtanulták azt , hogy mindegyikük csak akkor lesz hasznos tagja a közösségnek , ha abban próbál segíteni , amihez tényleg ért .
A harmadik mese INNEN tölthető le .
Szeretném megköszönni azoknak a barátaimnak e meséket , akik elküldték őket nekem .
Köszönettel tartozom ennek a blog bejegyzésnek az egészéért is , ( mint ahogyan az összes többi bejegyzésért is ) minden kedves ismerősömnek , mert az ő példájuk nélkül ezeket a mondatokat soha nem tudtam volna leírni .
Válaszok ( 1 )
Nagyon köszönöm a kedves sorokat , és külön Horváth Péternek a mesét a meleg bolyhosokról , amelyek soha nem fogynak ki , és jó érzést adnak mindenkinek , aki csak adja és kapja őket .
Az eddigi hozzászólók nem vették észre , hogy a jó tanár leírásában ( aki valóban lehetne jó szülő , nagyszülő , Ember , ahogyan „ paligreg ” teljesen indokoltan megjegyzi ) volt egy óriási csel .
A lényeget ugyanis kihagytam .
A jó tanár egyik legfontosabb ismérve a lelkesedés .
Az a magával ragadó öröm és hit , amellyel a számára fontos tárgyról , emberről , érzelemről , bármiről beszélni tud .
Az a kifogyhatatlan energia , amellyel a szépre és a jóra irányuló cselekvésre mozgósít .
Az a belső tűz , amely elől nem lehet kitérni .
Az a motiváció és az az életét átjáró bels ő flow , amelynek átható ereje keresztül tör minden páncélon , amelyet a gyermek egy elszúrt család , egy elszúrt élet miatt korábban növesztett .
Mindez azokból , amelyeket leírtam persze valahol következik – és mindez egyben oka és mozgató rugója is mindannak , amit leírtam .
Mindennek eléréséhez a tanárra , és a benne rejlő energiára úgy kell vigyáznunk , mint a szemünk fényére .
A tanárok energiája az iskola , a közösség és az egész ország egyik legféltettebb kincse – kellene , hogy legyen .
Válaszok ( 2 )
A válaszokból az a rendkívül örvendetes kép bontakozott ki , hogy mennyire fontos a jó tanár ( aki valóban egyszerűen „ csak ” TANÁR , ahogyan „ Baráti Péter ” írja , és aki valóban egész életünkben lehet mester , mentor , segítő , ahogyan „ patroklosz ” nagyon helyesen megjegyzi ) .
Nagyon örülök annak , hogy a hozzászólók nemcsak vágyják a jó tanárt , hanem igyekeznek azzá is válni ( a szónak az általános értelmében ) .
Ez egy olyan életcél , amelyért érdemes leélni egy szép , teljes életet .
Mindenkinek nagyon - nagyon kívánom , hogy a sajátjában így legyen .
Editor 's note : Lisa Bloom is a CNN legal analyst and is the managing partner of The Bloom Firm , where she practices civil and criminal law .
( CNN ) --
A pop star could have a quickie Vegas wedding tomorrow , to a man she meets tonight , if she so chooses .
Scott Peterson , convicted of the murder of his pregnant wife and on death row , has an inalienable right to a prison wedding with a female pen pal if the mood strikes him .
Indiana grandmother Linda Wolfe holds the Guinness World Records title for most marriages : 23 .
One lasted just 36 hours .
She 's on the lookout for No. 24 , and when she finds him , no law can stop her from marrying him .
The U.S. Supreme Court has held unanimously that " the freedom to marry has long been recognized as one of the vital personal rights essential to the orderly pursuit of happiness by free men .
Marriage is one of the basic civil rights of man . "
So basic , so important , so fundamental , in constitutional parlance , that no state can interfere with even the most reckless heterosexual nuptials .
Yet in most states , my friends Wilbert and Carlos , " free men " together 16 years and lovingly raising a son , are shut out of the 1,100 federal and hundreds of state legal benefits that come with marriage .
These include the right to visit a spouse in a hospital and make medical decisions ; employer sick and bereavement leave ; inheritance rights ; the right to give unlimited gifts to a spouse without gift tax ; disability , pension , and Social Security benefits ; the right to bring a wrongful death case ; the right to refuse to testify against a spouse ; or the right to prevent the deportation of a foreign - born partner by marriage , among others .
Perhaps most poignant , and often lost in this debate , are children in same - sex families : kids like my friends ' son Dorian , growing up with the sting of knowing that his parents are second - class citizens in their own country .
Study after study finds that something about marriage makes us live longer , healthier lives .
Married folks have significantly better mental health , engage in fewer risky behaviors , eat healthier , have less illness and are just plain happier .
And do n't tell me that civil unions are exactly the same as marriage .
If that 's true , then let 's let gays and lesbians pick first .
If they pick marriage , and heterosexuals are relegated to civil unions , no problem , right , since they are exactly the same ?
The trial challenging Proposition 8 , the law that bans same - sex marriage in California , started Monday in San Francisco .
This will be the first federal trial in U.S. history in which testimony will be heard and recorded about the harm to gay and lesbian citizens caused by laws like Prop 8 .
i Report : Is Prop 8 constitutional ?
Share your view
As a civil rights lawyer for 23 years , there is no question at all in my mind that as a matter of constitutional law , the federal court must strike down any law that creates a subclass of Americans , shutting them out of legal privileges and protections available to others , merely because they are gay .
Demeaning and disrespecting gay people is a constitutional affront .
Seven years ago , the U.S. Supreme Court handed down Lawrence v. Texas , the gay community 's Brown v. Board of Education , striking down state laws that criminalized private , consensual gay sex , saying : " The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives .
The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime . "
When all the testimony about legal rights , benefits and protections in the Prop 8 trial is said and done , Perry v. Schwarzenegger is ultimately about just that .
Our gay and lesbian friends and neighbors are entitled to respect for their private lives , and the state cannot demean their existence , even by majority vote .
Seven out of 10 Americans supported laws banning interracial marriage at the time our president 's black father and white mother married .
But the Supreme Court knew that our federal Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection of the law was a bedrock American principle that sometimes requires the courts to lead , and so lead they did , striking down antimiscegenation laws in 1967 .
Now , only lunatic - fringe bigots would support those laws .
My favorite anti-Prop 8 placard read : " When do I get to vote on your marriage ? "
Same - sex marriage may be a politically volatile and complex issue , but as a matter of federal constitutional law , it 's simple : Fundamental rights must be granted equally across the board to all American citizens .
Equal means equal .
The rest , constitutionally speaking , is just noise .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Bloom .
The X.org and kernel developers are working on drivers to support the DirectX 11 graphics cards in AMD 's Radeon HD 5000 series .
While the proprietary AMD drivers have been supported for some time , not even the latest , recently released version co-operates with X Server 1.7 , which has already been available for several months .
The kernel developers have released numerous new stable kernels and are discussing the integration of utrace in great detail .
Following an announcement in his blog , AMD employee and long - term open source developer Alex Deucher has extended the development branch of the xf86 - video - ati driver package to support AMD 's Evergreen graphics chips .
A kernel driver to support Kernel - based Mode Setting ( KMS ) is apparently also close to completion ; however , 2D and 3D acceleration are n't supported with either driver and are n't likely to be , at least for the near future .
Evergreen GPUs with DirectX 11 support are used on various graphics cards in the Radeon HD 5000 series , which was introduced last September and has gradually been extended to include further models .
Until now , these graphics cards could only be used with generic VESA drivers or AMD 's proprietary Linux driver known as Catalyst or Fglrx – due to the legal controversies around using non-GPL kernel modules , many distributions completely avoid these drivers or try to bypass the problem , for instance , by retrieving the drivers from the internet .
AMD has recently made version 10.1 of the Catalyst driver available to download .
According to the release notes , the new version now officially supports Ubuntu 9.10 and offers several bug fixes – including one designed to prevent crashes when hot - plugging HDMI monitors .
Like previous versions , however , the current version is apparently not suitable for series 1.7 X Servers .
Series 1.7 X Servers are part of X.org 7.5 , have been available since early last October and are included in Fedora 12 as well as other distributions released in the past few months or currently in development .
Linux version status
Since the previous Kernel Log , the maintainers of the stable series have released kernel versions 2.6.27.45 , 2.6.32.5 , 2.6.32.6 and 2.6.32.7 .
As usual , the new versions predominantly correct flaws found in previous versions , and updating to the new versions is explicitly recommended , although there is no direct indication of whether the updates close any security holes .
Recently released by Willy Tarreau , kernel versions 2.4.37.8 and 2.4.37.9 fix such a hole in the e1000 network driver for addressing various Gigabit LAN chips by Intel .
With the release of 2.6.33 - rc6 last Friday , the development of Linux 2.6.33 has progressed at its usual speed .
A long email thread on the LKML discussed the integration of utrace in Linux - Next in the last weeks of January .
Linus Torvalds was among those who argued against integrating the kernel framework used by Systemtap for analysing the runtime behaviour of userspace applications .
Find a summary of portions of this discussion and some topical background information in this article on LWN.
net .
In brief
Kernel
The developer of a proprietary Linux driver recently met a lot of opposition on the LKML when he asked for the GPL - only symbols of some kernel functions ( " EXPORT_SYMBOL_GPL " ) to be removed so he could use them in his driver .
Rik van Riel , for instance , explained that the code used by one of the functions involves patented technologies that are only permitted to be used with GPL code .
Greg Kroah - Hartman also objected against the proposal , explaining in this context that he has already successfully taken companies to court who tried to bypass the " GPL - only " restrictions in the basic driver infrastructure ( " driver core " ) ( " I 've already successfully taken legal action against companies who have tried to go around the driver core 's GPL - only symbols , so I can not , and will not , make this change . " ) .
Simon Kagstrom has developed a patch which causes the kernel to crash in various different ways and allows developers to test the code that is being executed at the time .
On a personal note : During the Chemnitz Linux Days , the author of the Kernel Log will present the current developments in the Linux kernel area – that is , the very same topics discussed in the Kernel Log .
Kernel environment ( " plumbing layer " ) and userland drivers
The Grub developers have released version 1.97.2 of the boot loader .
The developers of the Gphoto project have made version 2.4.8 of the libgphoto2 library used for accessing many digital cameras available to download .
It offers a number of minor improvements for cameras and PTP devices by various manufacturers – and , for instance , now supports several new cameras by Canon , Fuji , Kodak and Nikon .
The developers from the Flashrom project released version 0.9.1 of Flashrom , which can be used to identify , read , write , verify and erase lots of flash chips which store motherboard BIOS code .
Graphics
In an extensive blog post , PCI subsystem maintainer and driver developer Jesse Barnes has provided an overview of the developments in his area of work .
These include recently developed extensions to the KMS code and the DRI2 protocol for synchronising image display when changing pages ; the developer also describes his work on the code for accelerating the graphics core of Westmere processors when the relevant CPU cores are working below full capacity ( Turbo Boost / Intelligent Power Sharing / IPS ) .
Westmere processors are used in notebooks .
In three blog posts , X and kernel developer Dave Airlie describes his work on the code for supporting hybrid graphics on a Lenovo W500 ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) The code is designed to allow switching between the Intel chip - set graphics and the Radeon GPU during operation – however , Airlie points out that restarting the X Server when switching will remain inevitable in the foreseeable future .
Tiago Vignatti provides background information and a progress report concerning the modularisation of X.org in his blog .
Older Kernel Logs can be found in the archives or by using the search function at The H Open Source .
New editions of Kernel Logs are also mentioned on Identi.ca and Twitter via " @kernellog2 " .
The Kernel Log author also posts updates about various topics on Identi.ca and Twitter via " @kernellogauthor " .
( thl )
( crve )
Attorney General Eric Holder
Office of the Attorney General
US Department of Justice
Washington , DC 20530
Re : Prison Rape Elimination Standards
Dear Attorney General Holder :
I write to express Human Rights Watch 's hope that the Department of Justice will soon promulgate comprehensive and effective standards for the elimination of prison rape .
As you may know , Human Rights Watch has been investigating and advocating reforms to address prison rape by staff and inmates for over a decade .
We strongly believe the standards submitted to you in June 2009 by the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission ( the Commission ) , on which I had the privilege of serving as a commissioner , constitute such standards .
If adopted , those standards would go far toward eliminating rape in adult prisons and jails , juvenile and immigration detention facilities , and community corrections .
As you know , the Commission developed its standards over several years of extensive research , direct consultation with stakeholders and experts , including prison and jail administrators , and extended periods of public comment .
The resulting standards reflect the best thinking and effective practices from around the country for the prevention , detection , and punishment of prison rape .
They do not please everyone - no set of standards will - but they were developed in a transparent , painstaking process in which all were able to participate and all were listened to , and in which the commissioners balanced to the greatest possible extent all legitimate concerns and priorities .
In your review of the Commission 's standards , you may decide that a few should be clarified or strengthened even further .
But we strongly urge you to view them as a coherent whole , and not to weaken or eliminate the substance or spirit of any one of them .
Indeed , we believe the national goal of eliminating prison rape will best be served if you take the proposed standards as the basis for the final standards you approve .
We are well aware there are critics of the Commission 's standards , including some who do not share the Congress 's sense of urgency regarding prison rape , who mistakenly believe costs are the single most important consideration , or who are simply averse to meaningful external regulation and oversight of prison operations .
Some may even believe the Working Group process offers them a chance to scuttle needed reforms and to weaken or dilute the standards proposed by the Commission .
Human Rights
Watch hopes the Justice Department proves them wrong .
The Commission listened attentively to concerns about cost and feasibility and took them into account .
The study you have commissioned may shed some light on the costs of complying with the Prison Rape Elimination Act ( PREA ) , although it may not be able to offer significant guidance given the range of facilities covered by PREA and the differences in the steps they have already taken to respond to prison rape , in the quality of their management , and in their institutional cultures of violence and accountability .
In any event , Congress did not prohibit PREA standards that impose costs , but only the imposition of " substantial " costs , leaving that term undefined .
It is safe to say from the record that Congress did not intend to permit facilities or agencies that had done a poor job of protecting inmates to plead expense as an excuse for failing to improve their performance and institute the necessary safeguards .
In addition , any cost of implementing the standards must be weighed against the continuing costs in human suffering , as well as the expense of defending lawsuits and the very costly settlements , that result from failure to protect inmates from sexual assault .
We also hope you will meet the congressional mandate of promulgating final standards within a year of the Commission 's report and recommendations , that is , by June 2010 .
Although a growing number of prison authorities are trying to curb sexual violence , data from the Bureau of Justice Statistics reveal that tens of thousands of adults and juveniles are still sexually abused each year because officials have not instituted basic measures to protect them .
Every week without standards is another week of missed opportunities to put an end to this horrific crime .
With the Commission 's standards , you have in your hands sound guidance for how to meet Congress ' goal of eliminating prison rape .
There is no need , quite frankly , to reinvent the wheel , to reconsider strategies already thoroughly vetted during the Commission 's painstaking process of research and review , or to delay moving forward .
Human Rights
Watch appreciates the commitment of the Justice Department to the goal of ending the scourge of prison sexual violence and hopes you share our sense of urgency .
We would welcome the opportunity to discuss our concerns with you and your staff at your convenience .
We will call your office to see if a meeting can be scheduled .
Sincerely ,
Jamie Fellner , Esq .
Senior Counsel
US Program
Spam ' Godfather ' gets 51 months in prison
These past few days have seen some notable cyber justice cases : Late Monday , Alan M. Ralsky -- a man dubbed the " Godfather of Spam " -- was sentenced to 51 months in prison .
And on Friday , a California man pleaded guilty in a case involving the sale of counterfeit high - tech computer parts to the U.S. military .
Ralsky , 64 , of West Bloomfield , Mich. , joined two co-conspirators in earning stiff prison sentences for long careers of blasting junk e-mail .
Following more than four years in prison , Ralsky will be subject to five years of supervised release and will forfeit $ 250,000 the government seized from him in December 2007 , the Justice Department said .
According to the government , Ralsky was a top promoter of so - called pump - and - dump scams , schemes in which fraudsters buy up a bunch of low - priced microcap stock , blast out millions of spam e-mails touting it as a hot buy and then dump their shares as soon as the share price ticks up from all of the spam respondents buying into the scam .
Anti-spam group Spamhaus.org said Ralsky has been spamming since at least 1997 , using dozens of aliases and tens of thousands of " zombies " or hacked PCs to relay junk e-mail .
Last January , a federal grand jury named Ralsky and 10 others from China , Canada , Hong Kong and Russia in a 41 - count indictment for wire fraud , mail fraud , money laundering and violations of the CAN - SPAM Act .
Ralsky 's 48 - year - old son-in - law , Scott K. Bradley , also was among the indicted , and was sentenced last week to 40 months in prison and the same supervised release terms .
Also sentenced in connection with the scheme was How Wai John Hui , a 51 - year - old man who held dual citizenship in Canada and Hong Kong .
Hui got 51 months in prison , followed by three years supervised release .
John S. Brown , 45 , of Fresno , Calif. , who received 32 months and a three years supervised release .
In a separate action , Neil Felahy , 32 , of Newport Coast , Calif. , pleaded guilty ( PDF ) to one count of conspiring to traffic in counterfeit goods to defraud the United States .
Federal prosecutors say Felahy and several co-defendants sold the knockoff parts to the U.S. Navy using a number of California companies , with names like Pentagon Components and Force - One Electronics .
The government alleges Felahy and others took trademark - branded integrated circuits and other computer components , ground off the original markings , re-branded them with other trademarks and passed the devices off as military grade .
Why is fudging the label on computer parts sold to the government such a big deal ?
The Justice Department explains :
" The use of counterfeit integrated circuits can result in product malfunction or failure , and can also cause serious bodily injury from electrocution and , in some circumstances , death .
Markings on integrated circuits indicate a part is ' commercial grade , ' ' industrial grade , ' or ' military grade . '
Military grade markings signify that the part has been specially manufactured , among other things , to withstand extreme temperature ranges and high rates of vibration .
Legitimate manufacturers subject such parts to specialized testing not used in the production of differently graded parts .
Military grade integrated circuits are sold to the U.S. military at a higher price than commercial or industrial grade parts because of the special manufacture and testing required . "
Felahy faces up to 51 months in prison and more than $ 2 million in fines .
His sentencing is expected sometime next year .
Send money , not stuff .
Charity organizations can use your financial help to restock their supplies , but , as the GlobalPost explains , sending clothes , food , or other items is , at best , misguided .
Charity Navigator , an independent evaluator of non-profits and aid organizations , has compiled a list of relief organizations working in Haiti that have attained three - or four - star ratings from their studies , and are generally considered trustworthy and efficient .
TIME points out the popularity of text message donation campaigns , but also suggests being cautious of online scams :
As with any kind of giving , it 's wise to verify that the cause you are donating to is a legitimate organization before pledging your funds .
This is especially true when you learn of a nonprofit on Facebook , where phishing and other scams can give the impression that your friends are sending out links , when really a spammer has hijacked their identity .
Legitimate organizations also send a confirmation text moments after you donate to verify that you really want to give the specified amount , typically $ 5 or $ 10 .
If you say yes , then the amount will appear on your next cell phone bill .
If you did not intend to donate , you can cancel your pledge .
CBS
News recommends checking out any group you 're about to give to at The Foundation Center web site , where you can look up that group 's most recent tax filing and non-profit status .
Virginia may have swung from red to blue in 2008 , but its new governor has taken action via executive order that revised the state ’s anti-discrimination policy to explicitly remove “ sexual orientation ” from the list — now putting the jobs of state gay and lesbian workers at risk .
The order rescinds the policy of his predecessor Gov. Tim Kaine , a Democrat who promised to be “ fair and inclusive ” in his inaugural address and then — as one of his first actions — added veterans and sexual orientation to the state ’s non-discrimination policy .
Gov. Bob McDonnell swears the new policy is n’t “ anti-gay ” and that he ’ll make sure the workplace is still fair for everyone — which begs the question of why remove it in the first place unless it ’s just a ploy to play to his hard right political base ?
Virginia is still a state with large swaths of deep conservatism , as shown by Delegate Bob Marshall , who claimed at a press conference that disabled children are God ’s punishment for abortions :
“ The number of children who are born subsequent to a first abortion with handicaps has increased dramatically .
Why ?
Because when you abort the first born of any , nature takes its vengeance on the subsequent children , ” said Marshall , a Republican .
“ In the Old Testament , the first born of every being , animal and man , was dedicated to the Lord .
There ’s a special punishment Christians would suggest . ”
Marshall presents his argument without any support facts , of course .
What he ’s referring to , however is a 2007 study done by Virginia Commonwealth University , and oddly enough , it does n’t refer to “ handicapped ” or “ disabled ” children .
Instead , it shows a link between abortions and low birth weight or “ preemie ” babies .
The study also primarily relies on old data from the 1960s when abortion was illegal and some procedures may have been “ cruder than abortion procedures today , ” causing more injury to women who underwent them .
Clearly , the data does n’t back up what Marshall is saying — abortions do n’t lead to “ handicapped ” babies , just premature ones who may well go on to become healthy children .
Also , the data in the study is flawed and similar studies have showed a weaker link between abortions and low birth weight , and other studies show no link at all .
However , Marshall is n’t content to spout spurious science , he has to get in his Bible verses as well .
He gets this part just as wrong as he gets his science .
It ’s true that the Bible orders the first born to be set aside for God.
Numbers 8:17 is explicit in this : “ For all the firstborn among the Israelites are mine , both human and animal . ”
Marshall tries to tie this concept to modern families .
First , the verse only refers to first born males .
First born females were not commanded to be dedicated to God , because in a patriarchal society , females are just not that important to the hierarchy .
In fact , they were mere chattel .
So , it begs the question , does the study show that more women who abort a male fetus who was to be the first born bearing more “ disabled ” children than women who abort a female fetus ?
It seems to me that if God ’s true concern was for “ firstborn ” sons to be dedicated to him then he’d be especially upset that the males are being aborted , but not so upset about the female fetuses since they ’re not supposed to be consecrated to God .
Studies should bear this out if indeed God ’s wrath is at work here .
But , that may be asking for Marshall to put too much context to his words .
It may also be asking too much for Marshall to really understand the scripture he wants to quote .
It ’s easy to toss around memorable Biblical phrases like “ all the firstborn are mine , ” but it leaves out very big issues of context — namely that the verse really says it ’s only the first born among the Israelites that are God’s .
It does n’t say anything about America ’s first born .
Context is a tricky thing and usually does n’t fit well into whatever modern point we ’re trying to read into the ancient text .
If Marshall is serious about returning to a practice of dedicating first born sons to God , then the whole ritual needs to be done .
The first fruits of harvest and animals are “ dedicated ” to God by ritual sacrifice of those plants and animals .
The first born humans are not killed , but a lamb is slain in their place .
Is Marshall really advocating for a return to animal sacrifice to dedicate the first born son to God ?
I certainly hope not .
It is , of course , through this ritual that Christians came to identify Jesus as “ the firstborn of all creation ” ( Colossians 1:15 ) , and in his sacrifice for the world ’s sin he becomes the “ Lamb of God . ”
To suggest that God punishes families for abortions by giving them “ disabled ” children later is just another example of how the religious right abuses scripture , either because they really do n’t understand the context , or because they intentionally distort the scripture to fit their own prejudices .
Whatever Marshall ’s motivation , ignorance or manipulation , his words only prove once again one ought to exercise caution when mixing religion and politics .
Just as we should not seek to divide the world easily into red state / blue state , conservative / liberal , or Republican / Democrat , we should be wary of declaring that we know God ’s intentions , especially when the science does n’t back us up .
Boing Boing has been following the lawsuit Blake J. Robbins v. Lower Merion School District , a class action [ pdf ] brought by the parents of a boy who was secretly photographed in his home by a remotely enabled webcam in a laptop issued to him by a Pennsylvania school district .
The school district has distributed about 1,800 laptops with remote - access webcams and spyware installed , though the extent of its peeping on students in their homes is not known .
AP reports the FBI is investigating the school district 's webcam program , and district spokesman Doug Young suggests without claiming that Harriton High School student Blake J. Robbins ' webcam was activated only because the laptop had been reported stolen — in accordance with an established policy .
The boy was charged with an undisclosed infraction based on an image the school picked up from his webcam .
District superintendent Christopher W. McGinley , in an orotund statement , defends the program while canceling it .
And just to make clear that we 're still in high school , Master Robbins appears to have gotten in trouble when he was photographed eating Mike and Ikes .
Robbins ' attorney says the reported - stolen claim is bogus .
The Wiki page is the best place to follow the unfolding story .
I 'm predisposed to think the plaintiffs have a strong case with regard to privacy , informed consent , and the other issues here , but mostly I am tarnaciously thunderstruck by McGinley 's simple lack of judgment .
I do n't remember the Lower Merion kids of a generation ago as being balls of fire , so maybe they have become lawless enough to need constant surveillence these days .
( Though I do n't understand why a school would even want to be taking responsibility for kids at home , when teachers already bellyache about how hard it is to have responsibility for them during school hours . )
But the country is so crazed by child porn it 's willing to prosecute children as child pornographers .
McGinley 's approval of the webcam program ( which the district says was administered by two employees ) is appallingly careless management .
You could get your mom and dad , or your mom and your mom 's boyfriend , or whoever the two people are you trust the most , and put them in charge of this program , but only after requiring them to convert to Mormonism and obtain Cheyenne Mountain security clearances , and I can guarantee you :
There would be actionable jailbait images on your server by third period .
I hope the FBI gets a good look .
Unrelated language moment :
The suit contains repeat occurences of a typo — indiscriminant , presumably for indiscriminate — which , with its suggestion of the gerundive , strikes me as better than the correct word .
I 'm upgrading it from a typo to a neologism .
HT : PJ Manney
( CNN ) --
A school board in Rhode Island has voted to fire all teachers at a struggling high school , a dramatic move aimed at shoring up education in a poverty - ridden school district .
In a 5 - 2 vote Tuesday night , the board approved the plan by Frances Gallo , superintendent at Central Falls School District , to discharge the teachers , administrators and other personnel at Central Falls High School .
The firings , which will be effective at the end of this school year , came after the district said it failed to reach an agreement with the teachers ' union on a plan for the teachers to spend more time with students to improve test scores .
A union spokesman called the firings drastic and cited a 21 percent rise in reading scores and a 3 percent increase in math scores in the past two years .
The school district said 93 people -- including the principal , three assistant principals and 77 teachers -- were fired .
The teachers ' union said the firings affected 74 classroom teachers plus a number of other educators such as guidance counselors and reading specialists .
Central Falls
High is one of the lowest - performing schools in Rhode Island .
It is in a community where median income is $ 22,000 , census figures show .
Of the 800 students , 65 percent are Hispanic and for most of them , English is a second language .
Half the students are failing every subject , with 55 percent skilled in reading and 7 percent proficient in math , officials said .
In a proposal based on federal guidelines , Gallo asked teachers to work a longer school day of seven hours and tutor students weekly for one hour outside school time .
She proposed teachers have lunch with students often , meet for 90 minutes every week to discuss education and set aside two weeks during summer break for paid professional development .
A spokesman for the union said the teachers had accepted most of the changes , but wanted to work out compensation for the extra hours of work .
The superintendent said the two sides could not agree on a pay rate .
Under new federal requirements for school reform , low - performing schools have several options .
One is called the transformation model , which includes a series of changes that teachers agree to adopt .
When the negotiations on those changes failed at Central Falls High , the superintendent switched to another option : the turnaround model , which means firing every teacher at the troubled school .
Kathy May , a teacher at Central Falls High , said she 's disheartened .
" I feel like , after 20 years , I can see some progress beginning to be made .
And I 'm sad that we 're not going to be around to follow that through , to push that forward . "
Gallo , who said Rhode Island law says notice must be given by March 1 , said the problem is n't solely the fault of teachers and it was n't her preference to make the move .
She indicated that some of the teachers might be rehired .
" When we had to move from the transformation model , the next best move was the turnaround model .
And that requires us to remove the teachers and rehire , of those who reapply , up to 50 percent , " she said .
" This is a major move , for a very significant reason , and that being that we could n't hone in on the assurances we needed for the transformation model . "
Asked what would happen if the teachers ' union accepted the original terms , Gallo said it would be very difficult to go back , but can't be discounted .
" And if ... as we move forward , if indeed something of that effect comes around , then I still think we have a lot of doors that could be opened . "
At a community rally before the school board meeting on Tuesday , supporters of the teachers slammed the plan .
Jane Sessums , president of the Central Falls Teachers Union , said teachers have been unfairly targeted and scapegoated and the union will fight to have them reinstated .
" We want genuine reforms , not quick fixes that do nothing but create a wedge between teachers , our school and our community , " said Sessums .
She added that " teachers have agreed to numerous solutions and reforms . "
George McLaughlin , a guidance counselor who was fired along with his wife , a chemistry teacher , said the school has been inaccurately cast as a place with low graduation rates .
" We have the most transient population in this state .
Nobody comes close to us .
So when they say that 50 percent of the people graduate , a very high percentage of our students leave our school .
They return .
They leave again .
They go back to other countries , " he said , noting that three times as many of the school 's students are accepted to colleges now than they were five years ago .
He also knocked the superintendent , saying she " has been with us for a little more than three years . "
If Gallo were willing to negotiate and listen to former Sen. Lincoln Chafee , who has offered to mediate , " maybe we could resolve this instead of causing more trauma to us . "
McLaughlin said the negotiations were about job security , not pay , and said the teachers are ready to resume talks .
United Priority Distributors , a funeral supply company , has donated 100 caskets and other supplies to the relief effort in Haiti .
The cardboard caskets were delivered to Florida where funeral director and Haitian American , Fred St. Amand , Sr. and his family took the caskets into Haiti .
Also donated by United Priority Distributors were 1,000 pairs of rubber gloves and 1,000 ear loop masks .
Haitians have been using toothpaste spread over their nostrils to cope with the scent .
And contagious diseases such as Hepatitis are so rampant that the gloves & masks are mandatory to work with the remains .
Fred St. Amand stated , “ Although it is still devastating and there is much unrest , the aid and supplies were well received . ”
Fred and his family operate Pax - villa Funeral Homes , Inc .
The family and a group of volunteers have been busy week after week bringing supplies and help to Haiti .
After some large deviations on the number of deceased published last week , many Haitian families are concerned with a proper burial for their loved ones .
Catholicism takes proper burial seriously and the donation by United Priority Distributors certainly made a difference .
###
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
In earthquake - hit Haiti , the dead are being hastily buried in mass graves , amid fears their bodies spread disease .
But is that true ?
Trying to disguise the smell of decay
On the streets of Haiti , the living face a desperate struggle , for food , water , medicine and shelter .
But the dead present a problem of their own .
Estimates of the number killed in last Tuesday 's earthquake vary from 50,000 to at least 200,000 .
Dead bodies are being left by roadsides , trapped under rubble , or cleared into pits .
The underlying fear is that the bodies could spread disease and infection .
But is that assumption correct ?
" There is this myth that bodies have to be disposed of incredibly quickly , which often leads to bodies being shoved into pits without any form of identification , " Sir Nicholas Young , British Red Cross chief executive and a trustee of the main fundraising group , the Disasters Emergency Committee , told the BBC .
" [ This makes it ] impossible for the relatives to grieve .
Impossible to know how many people died and impossible for people to identify their relatives .
This is a terrible shame .
THE ANSWER
No , bodies of people who died healthy do not spread disease People handling bodies run a slight risk , which can be reduced with basic hygiene
Haiti earthquake " The risk is absolutely minimal , unless there is disease in the population .
This is a mistake and a waste of resources . "
The charity has its own guidelines on cadaver management for disaster zones and signs up to 2009 advice from the Pan American branch of the World Health Organisations - Management of Dead Bodies After Disasters : A Field Manual for First Responders .
The guide was compiled after numerous disasters - the 2004 Asian Tsunami , Haiti's 2004 floods , Hurricanes Katrina and Stan and the Northern Pakistan and Indian earthquakes - highlighted an absence of advice on what to do and why .
It came after research by Oliver Morgan , at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , that found dead bodies in natural disasters do not pose a public health threat .
Caustic chemicals
The guide sets out how ordinary people helping on the ground can manage the recovery , identification , storage and disposal of the dead .
And how to help families come to terms with it .
If necessary , temporary burial is recommended , but the caustic chemicals used to try to " disinfect " bodies are not - they have no effect and make identification harder .
Bodies pile up in the streets
Indeed , the guide says it is the " surviving population " that is " much more likely " to be a source of infection than the dead .
But care does need to be taken in handling dead bodies , says Dr Egbert Sondorp , senior lecturer in public health and humanitarian aid at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine .
" At the time of their death , people are likely to be healthy .
You need to take care in handling them , precautions , as you do n't know .
But they are not in themselves a risk . "
Those clearing dead bodies have to take basic safeguards like wearing gloves and hand - washing .
These help protect against a range of diseases which can linger in the dead for two days - tuberculosis , Hepatitis B and C , diarrhoeal diseases .
And HIV , which can last for six .
There are also risks in drinking water contaminated with faeces from the living and the dead .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
So why are people buried so quickly , if the official guidance suggests they should not be ?
One reason is the smell , says Dr Sondorp .
" A body which is decaying smells .
In most communities you try to get that away , as psychologically it 's awful to have them around .
You want to stop dogs [ and vermin ] eating them , as that too is psychologically awful . "
Also , there has been no - one on the ground in Haiti to say otherwise .
Governmental and non-governmental organisation has been absent .
Tradition also plays a part - religions including Islam and Judaism like to see their dead buried within 24 hours .
Past epidemics
The deep - seated fear of disease emanating from dead bodies could also stem from epidemics of the past , where people died in their droves from cholera .
And mass burial plots are dug outside graveyards
But earthquakes , floods and fires involve deaths from drowning , injury and burns , not disease .
Despite the human instinct to get rid of the bodies quickly , a more considered approach can have long - term benefits for the mental health of the bereaved , says Ute Hofmeister , forensic adviser at the International Committee of the Red Cross .
" In all disasters , that 's the human instinct , because the bodies start to smell really bad , look bad and it's not very dignified having them hanging around in the street .
" But experience shows for people , even in natural disasters , it 's important to know what 's happened to their dead .
It helps them very much to know where they 're buried . "
There are also practical implications .
Correct identification of the dead has legal significance for inheritance and insurance that can affect families for many years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Australian Internet service provider iiNet has won its court battle against several Hollywood studios .
Justice Dennis Cowdroy today announced that iiNet was not responsible for the infringements of its subscribers when they shared copyright material using BitTorrent .
The Australian Pirate Party has welcomed the decision .
The Federal Court has today ruled in favor of Aussie ISP iiNet following a copyright infringement case instigated by AFACT , the Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft .
Last year several studios including Village Roadshow , Universal Pictures , Warner Bros Entertainment , Paramount Pictures , Sony Pictures Entertainment , Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation , Disney Enterprises , Inc. and the Seven Network took legal action against iiNet , claiming that the ISP did nothing to stop its customers from sharing copyright media via BitTorrent .
The ISP refuted the claim with a multi-layered defense , which was heard then adjourned in November 2009 .
Passing his verdict today , Justice Cowdroy ruled that while the studio ’s copyrights had indeed been infringed upon , iiNet did not authorize the copyright infringing activities of its subscribers and therefore the ISP could not be held responsible .
Notably , Justice Cowdroy said that iiNet had no control over BitTorrent networks and the ISP was covered under so - called “ safe harbor ” provisions .
“ It is impossible to conclude that iiNet has authorised copyright infringement … [ iiNet ] did not have relevant power to prevent infringements occurring , ” Justice Cowdroy said in his judgment .
AFACT had insisited during the original court case that iiNet should forward copyright infringement warnings to its customers on behalf of AFACT members , but the judge ruled that this was not the way copyright infringements should be handled .
Electronic Frontiers Australia said the outcome of the case was the “ application of common sense ” and Pirate Party Australia also welcomed the decision .
“ This is a good decision by Justice Cowdroy , and reflects that there is no legal basis or obligation for any ISP to act in the interest of copyright holders , or to expect that they should disconnect any entity upon allegation of infringement without judicial oversight and due process , ” said Rodney Serkowski , Party Secretary .
“ Essentially an ISP should be considered similar to the postal service – they simply carry data in the form of packets , and that communication should be considered private , ” he added .
In a statement , iiNet said it had “ never supported or encouraged breaches of the law , including infringement of the Copyright Act of the Telecommunications Act , ” adding that the company had always been a “ good corporate citizen and an even better copyright citizen . ”
After the huge distraction of this prolonged legal battle , iiNet said it would now like to get on with business , adding that it looks forward to working with the entertainment industry to make content available legally to reduce illicit file - sharing .
AFACT executive director , Neil Gane , said his group was extremely disappointed with the Court ’s ruling .
“ Today ’s decision is a set back for the 50,000 Australians employed in the film industry , ” he said in a statement .
“ But we believe this decision was based on a technical finding centered on the Court ’s interpretation of the how infringements occur and the ISPs ’ ability to control them .
We are confident that the Government does not intend a policy outcome where rampant copyright infringement is allowed to continue unaddressed and unabated via the iiNet network , ” he added .
AFACT will have to pay all of iiNet ’s substantial legal costs .
Thus far , the group has declined to confirm whether it will appeal the Court ’s decision .
A brief history of blasphemy ………………………………………………. .…
This version of Chapter 1 of A Brief History of Blasphemy : Liberalism , Censorship and the Satanic Verses , follows the revised text prepared for the German translation , Erben des Hasses , Die Rushdie - Affäre und ihre Folgen , Knesebeck , 1992 . ………………………………………………. .… fatwa , which was in effect a death threat against Salman Rushdie and his publishers .
Since then The Satanic Verses has probably occasioned more comment in newspapers and journals than any book ever published .
During the year which immediately followed Khomeini ’s intervention the reaction to the novel was the subject of at least five conferences and five books in the United Kingdom alone .
Satanic Verses affair has been said .
I believe , however , that some of the underlying issues have scarcely been dealt with at all , and that there are a number of fundamental questions which still need to be both asked and answered .
ON FEBRUARY 14th 1989 the Ayatollah Khomeini pronounced his , which was in effect a death threat against Salman Rushdie and his publishers .
Since the nhas probably occasioned more comment in newspapers and journals than any book ever published .
During the year which immediately followed Khomeini ’s intervention the reaction to the novel was the subject of at least five conferences and five books in the United Kingdom alone . [ 1 ]
In view of this it might well seem that everything that can be said about theaffair has been said .
I believe , however , that some of the underlying issues have scarcely been dealt with at all , and that there are a number of fundamental questions which still need to be both asked and answered .
In seeking to unravel the various strands in one of the most complex of all cultural tragedies I am not arguing that we should ignore , or in any way deny the reality of harsh rigidity which is sometimes shown by Islam .
The Ayatollah Khomeini ’s fatwa against Salman Rushdie and his publishers was cruel , murderous and tyrannical – all the more so in that it would appear that one of its main purposes was to shore up the narrow and repressive regime which he had established in Iran .
For the sake of Salman Rushdie himself and for the sake of his publishers no effort should be spared to bring about the lifting of the death threat .
To this end the fatwa should , I believe , be opposed passionately and continuously .
But the terms in which this is done should be chosen carefully .
We gain little from describing it as ‘ cruel , murderous and tyrannical ’ , as I have done here , if we contrive at the same time to forget that our own religious tradition has very frequently been cruel , murderous and tyrannical , and that our own forms of justice have , until relatively recently , reflected this fact .
In saying this I am offering an implicit and deliberate criticism of some of the opinions which have been expressed by those who , with every justification , have offered Salman Rushdie their support .
Indeed I am bound to confess that ever since the Rushdie affair started there is one thing I have feared more than the bombs of Islamic fundamentalists .
It is the harm that can be done by the machine - gun bullets of liberal self - righteousness .
The ricochet of those bullets can be heard all to clearly in the chauvinistic tones of Fay Weldon ’s Counterblast pamphlet , Sacred Cows and in the hard rhetoric of some of Rushdie ’s other supporters .
If we allow ourselves to be swayed by such rhetoric we are in danger , I believe , of seeing with disproportionate clarity the cruelty and repressiveness of Islam , while failing to register at all the rigidity and authoritarianism of some of our own most revered cultural traditions .
What we need is a little less pressure on the trigger of cultural patriotism , and a little more historical perspective .
For only then is it likely that we can take a more balanced and considered view of one of the most disturbing cultural clashes there has ever been and of a dilemma which is going to face Western writers and intellectuals for many years to come , whether they like it or not .
Of all the issues which are raised by the Satanic Verses affair , and which clamour for discussion , blasphemy is both one of the most important and one of the most difficult .
It is difficult partly because in our own society the law against blasphemy is widely regarded as an archaic one – a kind of legal appendix , which still survives in the body politic , but which seems to have no real function .
The last time a case of blasphemy was brought before the British courts was in 1977 , when Mary Whitehouse instituted a private prosecution against Gay News for publishing a poem by James Kirkup which seemingly portrayed Jesus as the object of love .
Although this prosecution was successful , one of the effects of Mary Whitehouse 's action was to bring the British laws of blasphemy , which had not been invoked for more than half a century , into active disrepute , particularly among writers and poets .
In the same year that the prosecution was brought against Gay News , a number of humanist organisations founded the Committee Against Blasphemy Law and carried forward a vigorous campaign to abolish the offence .
Although this campaign attracted considerable support , it bore no immediate fruit in spite of the fact that the abolition of the offence of blasphemy was also advocated in 1979 by the Bernard Williams Committee in its Report on Obscenity and Film Censorship .
The cause of the abolitionists attracted even more support in 1985 when the Law Commission published its report , Criminal Law : Offences against Religion and Public Worship , which , broadly speaking , endorsed the humanist view .
It described the common law offences of blasphemy and blasphemous libel as ‘ unsatisfactory and archaic ’ .
It noted that the law offered protection against blasphemy only to Christianity and went on to argue that in the multi-cultural United Kingdom of the late twentieth century this ‘ could not be justified ’ .
The Law Commissioners were not , as we will eventually see , unanimous in their conclusion .
But it is clearly significant that their main report concluded by recommending abolition of the common law offence ‘ without replacement ’ .
In 1989 , when Muslims in Britain sought unsuccessfully to ; invoke the blasphemy laws against Penguin Books for publishing The Satanic Verses , the humanist and libertarian campaigns against the blasphemy laws were revived .
In particular , Article 19 , a free speech pressure - group based in London , took the initiative in forming an International Committee for the Defence of Salman Rushdie and his Publishers .
As well as organising support for the threatened author , this committee began to campaign against the blasphemy laws .
Meanwhile , in Parliament on 12th April 1989 , Tony Benn presented a bill to the House of Commons to abolish the offence of blasphemy .
He was supported by MPs from all parties including David Steel and Sir Ian Gilmour .
Soon after this the International Committee published its pamphlet The Crime of Blasphemy – Why it Should be Abolished .
[ 2 ]
This pamphlet is , in some respects , a valuable one not least because it is informed , like most humanist or secularist arguments , by a strong sense of history .
One of the ideas which has grown up around the blasphemy laws is that their main purpose is to protect the tender sensitivities of Christians .
It is certainly true that the laws against blasphemy have often served to do just this .
But the International Committee puts forward a much more robust view of their traditional function .
This view is perhaps most forcefully expressed in a passage it quotes from an earlier pamphlet , Chapman Cohen ’s Blasphemy – a Plea for Religious Equality , which was published in 1922 : Blasphemy laws are a heritage from a wicked and deplorable past .
In their essence they belong to a period when laws were far more ferocious than they are today , and when it was held the duty of the State to enforce and openly coerce opinion .
They are also part of the general belief that the right discharge of the duties of citizenship depends , in some more or less obscure way , on the holding of right religious beliefs .
In such circumstances , unbelief , heresy and blasphemy partake of the nature of treason .
The heretic is one who is a threat to the welfare of the tribe or nation , and , in the interests of the whole group , he must be suppressed …
The blasphemy laws are aimed at opinion and opinion alone .
It is to the spirit of persecution they owe their existence ; it is the spirit of intolerance and persecution they always serve . [ 3 ]
This passage could scarcely be described as embodying a dispassionate approach to history .
But it is precisely because of this that it manages to convey a much more accurate picture of the role played in European history by religious repression than will be found in the work of many academic historians .
That Cohen ’s robust view applies not only to Britain but also to other European countries – and indeed to the United States – is amply confirmed if we pause for a moment to consider the historical origins of the crime of blasphemy .
The laws against blasphemy which have , in one form or another , existed in most Western countries in the last three centuries , grew out of the much older law of heresy , which was designed to protect the Christian church against all forms of dissidence .
The origins of this law can in turn be traced back to the New Testament .
Because the early Christians saw themselves as possessors of the One Truth , they were constantly wary of those who , by teaching false doctrines , or by insulting God or Christ , threatened to defile this truth .
Few upheld their own version of the truth more zealously than Paul .
In his second letter to the Corinthians he lashed out at those Christians who opposed him , calling them ‘ false apostles , deceitful workmen , disguising themselves as apostles of Christ . ’
‘ And no wonder , ’ he went on to say , ‘ for even Satan disguises himself as an angel of light .
So it is not strange if his servants also disguise themselves as servants of righteousness .
Their end will correspond to their deeds ’
( 2 Corinthians , 13 - 15 ) .
In consigning those who did not share his doctrine to the fires of hell Paul was in no sense a theological revolutionary .
For , according to the New Testament , a similar idea had been propounded by Jesus .
In the parable of the tares , to take but one example , Jesus looks forward to the time when all unbelievers will be burnt in hell .
Speaking of the wheat and the tares which have been sown in one field , Jesus says : ‘ Let both grow together until the harvest : and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers , Gather ye together first the tares and bind them in bundles to burn them : but gather the wheat into my barn . ( Matthew 13 : 30 ; see also John 15 : 6 ; Matthew 7:19 ) .
The bundles of weeds to whose burning Jesus looks forward in this parable of the Last Judgment are , of course , symbols ; they stand for the living bodies of those men , women and children who have not accepted the Christian gospel and who are therefore destined to burn in the fires of hell .
The wheat stands for those believers who have submitted to Christ ’s rule and who will therefore find their place in heaven .
In Jesus ’s essentially euphemistic parable the massive destruction of human life through which the Kingdom of Heaven is to be brought into being is portrayed as a stage in the gathering - in of an abundant harvest .
In the New Testament itself there is never any suggestion that this wrathful judgment should be enforced by mere humans .
The words of Jesus in this regard are clear : ‘ Judge not , and you will not be judged ’ ( Luke 6:37 ) .
But these words were premised on the assumption which informs the whole of the New Testament – that the apocalyptic moment when God himself would come to judge the world was imminent and should be expected almost daily .
When that moment failed to come the temptation for those consumed by a burning faith in a religion which was itself zealous for judgment was to assume for themselves the role of the divine judge .
Gradually the words of Jesus and Paul which I have quoted above , taken together with many other passages from the New Testament , came to be construed as a licence for the persecution of all who were deemed heretics .
The persecution of pagans , Jews , Muslims and dissident Christians began in the early middle ages .
But it did not emerge on a large scale until the creation , in the first part of the thirteenth century , of the Inquisition .
This organisation was set up by the Pope and handed over in 1232 to the Dominican order , who soon became known as ‘ Domini canes ’ or ‘ the hounds of the Lord ’ .
From small beginnings the Inquisition rapidly grew to become one of the mightiest and most powerful institutions in Europe .
It took the form of a travelling ecclesiastical court which warned towns of its impending visits and encouraged individual Catholics to denounce all ‘ heretical ’
Christians or unbelievers .
Parents were encouraged to betray their children and children their parents ; anonymous denunciations were received with enthusiasm .
Suspected ‘ heretics ’ were arrested and their guilt was assumed .
If the victim confessed to holding heretical views then he or she was spared much suffering .
If the victims made no confession they were tortured :
The heretic was dragged into the torture chamber and shown all the terrible instruments of torture .
If this dreadful display did not make him confess to his errors , then the instruments were applied to his body , one by one , in a process of slowly increasing pain …
Tortures lasting three or four hours were not unusual .
While the victim was being tortured , the rack or other instrument was frequently sprinkled with holy water .
Countless frightful means were used in the procedure , all with the sole purpose of crushing the victim ’s resistance and making him confess …
A cloth was usually pushed into the victim ’s mouth to prevent the torturers from being distracted or irritated by his wild screams .
A heretic might be tortured in this way for hours , until his body had become a flayed , bruised , broken and bleeding mass of .
om time to time he would be asked whether he was at last ready to confess .
Overwhelmed by pain and half out of his mind with anguish , he would usually , after a few hours of this torment , give all the Information that the Inquisitors wanted to hear … [ 4 ]
So extreme , and so cruel were the measures adopted by the Inquisition to enforce the supremacy of the Church and the suppression of dissent , that we sometimes tend to regard it as belonging to the history of some barbarous ‘ pre- culture ’ which bears little relation to our own .
Yet it is probably true to say that the Inquisition was the greatest engine of ideological conformity ever devised by the West and that its influence lasted long after the institution itself was dissolved .
Indeed , to a degree which is scarcely ever acknowledged in our history books , the very Protestants who had rebelled against its authority tended to make new constitutions and new laws in the moulds which had been cast by their persecutors .
Instead of transcending the Inquisition they reproduced some of its most repressive features .
For , contrary to a widespread modern historical myth , it is not the case that the Reformation replaced a state of religious tyranny by a state of religious freedom .
It may well be that Martin Luther is sometimes celebrated as a champion of such freedom , but this view of his achievement rests upon a misconception .
His famous pronouncement at the Diet of Worms of 1521 , ‘ Here I stand .
I can do nothing else .
God help me .
Amen ’ , was certainly not a declaration of untrammelled liberty .
For , as Joachim Kahl has written : ‘ Luther was simply fighting against the authority of the pope in the name of an authority which was even higher than that of the pope – the word of God.
Submission to this objectively present authority was freedom of conscience as he understood it . ’[ 5 ]
Almost exactly the same point can be made about the Puritan poet John Milton who tends to be regarded both in Britain and in the United States as the father of modern intellectual liberty .
[ 6 ]
Contrary to most modern assumptions Milton did not support freedom of the press except in those areas where he felt his own liberty was constrained .
In 1651 he accepted an appointment as one of Cromwell ’s censors .
The freedom of expression which Milton sought to seize for himself , in other words , was of a kind which meant that a form of tyranny should be imposed on others .
More than a century earlier , in 1531 , Martin Luther gave evidence of his own conception of religious freedom by assenting to Melanchthon ’s suggestion that Anabaptists should be punished by death .
Although Anabaptism would once have been regarded as a heresy , the term Luther preferred was blasphemy .
At various times , particularly , in the later stages of his career , he condemned not only Anabaptism , but also Arianism , Judaism and Islam as blasphemies .
Sin was blasphemy , the political opinions of the peasantry were blasphemy , even missing church was blasphemy .
At times Luther ’s anti-Catholicism was even more violent than his anti-Judaism .
All Catholics were blasphemers .
Their Mass was blasphemous and their popes blasphemers and Antichrists .
They should be compelled to worship in Lutheran churches on pain of excommunication and exile .
In 1536 , after some hesitation , Luther finally endorsed imprisonment and death for Catholic blasphemies , in order to ensure that their contagion did not spread .
Luther , as the American historian Leonard Levy has written , may have abused the word ‘ blasphemy ’ , but he also ‘ revived and popularised it .
It became part of the Protestant currency . ’[ 7 ]
In Geneva Calvin , after some initial signs of leniency , harshly opposed both blasphemy and heresy as soon as he had the power to do so , calling heretics and blasphemers ‘ traitors to God ’ .
In the case of Servetus he himself was directly responsible for having a blasphemer killed .
Servetus was a gifted theologian and a scholar of genius .
He had , however , opposed the doctrine of the Trinity and he had imprudently compounded this crime by openly opposing Calvin as well .
Having unsuccessfully denounced Servetus to the Catholic Inquisition , Calvin eventually had him arrested in Geneva where he was tried for heresy and blasphemy and sentenced to death .
In this instance Calvin opposed death by burning as being too cruel and endorsed Servetus ’s request that he should be beheaded .
He was overruled by the court and Servetus was burnt the next day along with a copy of his heretical book .
The executioner used green wood which burnt slowly .
Servetus screamed continuously as the lower half of his body burnt .
After half an hour he passed out and died .
His last words reportedly were , ‘ O Jesus , Son of the Eternal God , have pity on me . ’
This was taken to be proof of his guilt , since he had not referred to the ‘ Eternal Son of God . ’ [ 8 ]
Both Luther and Calvin were , in this regard , following the example of the Inquisition in seeking to suppress opinions because they were deemed subversive of religious authority .
But one of the effects of the Reformation was actually to extend the scope of such measures .
For when the Reformation made the monarch head of the established church , as happened in England , religious and political questions became intertwined .
The habits of suppression which the Inquisition had created in the sphere of religion were now extended to the sphere of politics .
The sacredness and supremacy of church and state were maintained by prosecuting dissidents for two related crimes – on the one hand for heresy and on the other for treason and sedition .
In England the crime of speaking against God was punished as heresy until the early years of the seventeenth century .
The penalty was death .
Gradually , however , the old laws of heresy fell into disuse .
This happened in most Protestant countries , where , having been repeatedly accused of heresy themselves , Protestants came to dislike the term .
Both in England and in colonial America the concept which gradually took the place of heresy was that of blasphemy or blasphemous libel .
Throughout the seventeenth , eighteenth and nineteenth centuries the courts frequently invoked the blasphemy law with a quite vicious repressiveness against those who made disrespectful references to God or Jesus or the Church .
In particular ribaldry or obscenity directed against Christianity was rigorously outlawed .
Even those who rebelled on doctrinal matters or who questioned the doctrine of the eternal punishment of the wicked might find themselves arraigned on a charge of blasphemy and they could by no means be certain of acquittal .
In 1729 , for example , the Cambridge academic and deist , Thomas Woolston , was successfully prosecuted for writing a series of pamphlets in which he denied the literal truth of the miracles of the New Testament and argued that they should be construed allegorically .
These pamphlets were held to have struck ‘ at the very root of Christianity ’ and Woolston was detained until he died in 1733 . [ 9 ]
Woolston ’s fate was relatively mild .
For originally , at least , the punishment of blasphemers sometimes involved not only imprisonment but also torture .
In 1656 , for example , James Nayler , a Quaker from Bristol , was charged with claiming equality with God .
He was tried before the High Court of Parliament , and it was decreed ‘ that he be repeatedly set in the pillory and scourged ; that he be branded on the forehead with the letter ‘ B ’ ; that he have his tongue bored with a iron and be confined afterwards in prison and set to hard labour ’ . [ 10 ]
It should not be thought that these measures had a merely religious significance .
For to interpret them in this way would be to introduce a distinction between religion and politics which was foreign to seventeenth - century Europe .
This was made abundantly clear in England in 1676 , after the prosecution of an apparently deranged man , who claimed that Jesus Christ was a and a whore - master and that religion was a cheat .
During the trial the Lord Chief Justice , Sir Matthew Hale , articulated clearly the principle which had always been implicit in the English concept of blasphemous libel – namely that Christianity was part of the law of England , and that a threat to the Church was , by its very nature , a threat to the State .
He said : ‘ That such kind of wicked and blasphemous words were not only an offence against God and religion but a crime against the laws , States and Government … and therefore punishable in this court , that to say religion is a cheat , is to dissolve all those obligations whereby civil societies are preserved ; and Christianity being parcel of the laws of England , therefore to reproach Christian religion is to speak in subversion of the law . ’[ 11 ]
Hale ’s judgment succinctly expressed an attitude towards blasphemy which could be found throughout seventeenth century Europe and which was particularly strong in Protestant countries .
The laws against blasphemy were not simply restraints on religious freedom .
They were a crucial part of an entire body of legislation whose other major instrument of suppression was the law against sedition .
This in effect transferred the aura of sacredness and holy dread which had been developed around Christianity to the laws of the state and the government which upheld them ; speaking critically or disrespectfully about the government or its officers was construed as a kind of political blasphemy and was punished no less severely than its religious counterpart .
With some variations between different countries , these legacies of the Inquisition were preserved throughout most of Europe .
Contrary to the received view they were not even abolished in the United States .
For although those who framed the First Amendment to the American Constitution believed passionately in ‘ freedom of speech ’ , their ultimate commitment , like that of Luther and Milton before them , was to the authority of God .
Only those who bowed to this authority were deemed worthy to enjoy the liberty which the First Amendment guaranteed .
In theory at least those who opposed either God or the revolution which had been brought about in his name could claim no such freedom , for both the law of blasphemous libel and the law of seditious libel remained in force .
‘ Liberty of speech , ’ as the historian Arthur Schlesinger put it , ‘ belonged solely to those who spoke the speech of liberty . ’[ 12 ]
In this respect as in others , America preserved the legal and constitutional inheritance of what might be called the Protestant Inquisition .
In Britain and America and in many European countries the continued support for tyrannical laws , and for the legacy of suppression which derived from the Inquisition , sprang from what might be termed ‘ the floodgate theory ’ of morality .
This theory almost always operates in nascent or immature democracies .
In such democracies laws against freedom of expression are invoked frequently and censorship is often pervasive and violently enforced .
The underlying fear is that , if freedom of expression were to be permitted even in the smallest degree it could eventually lead to a flood of conspiracies , revolutions and internal disorders which would rock all stable government and eventually submerge the state itself .
Parallel fears can be seen clearly in the history of attitudes towards obscenity .
For in most European countries the responsibility and restraint which were considered a precondition of the ‘ freedom of expression ’ which we now enjoy were inculcated into successive generations through a long series of purity campaigns .
The organisers of these campaigns never hesitated to use the most violent sanctions provided by the law in order to restrain the imagination and outlaw any form of art which might be deemed immoral .
Again and again campaigners for purity have invoked the ‘ floodgate theory ’ ; they have warned that to relax the rigour of the law in the smallest way , to allow even a trickle of transgression , will ultimately lead to a flood of immorality which it will be beyond the power of governments to control .
Those who have campaigned with the most vigilance against blasphemy have frequently done so for similar reasons , often invoking the ‘ floodgate theory ’ directly by arguing that , if blasphemy were to be tolerated in a single instance , impiety might rapidly spread throughout the land .
Indeed , there has always been a close relationship between obscenity laws and blasphemy laws , with obscene or scurrilous language tending to be construed as one of the characteristics of blasphemy .
Blasphemy laws survived in Britain , America , and many European countries including Germany throughout the nineteenth century .
But in our own century these laws have gradually fallen into disuse .
In Germany the law against blasphemy has been abolished .
In Britain laws against blasphemy remain in force and , in theory at least , they are still the main means whereby Christianity is protected against obscene or extreme abuse .
In practice , however , they have scarcely played any role for many years .
Indeed in 1949 the distinguished British judge Lord Denning declared the British law obsolete and at the same time consigned the floodgate - theory to the history books :
The reason for this law was because it was thought that a denial of Christianity was liable to shake the fabric of society , which was itself founded upon Christian religion .
There is no such danger to society now and the offence of blasphemy is a dead letter . [ 13 ]
As has already been noted , in 1977 the offence of blasphemy was fleetingly revived in Britain .
This was when the modern purity campaigner , Mary Whitehouse , instituted a private prosecution against the magazine Gay News for publishing an erotic poem about Jesus .
Although this prosecution was successful , one of the effects of Mary Whitehouse ’s action was to bring the blasphemy laws into active disrepute , particularly among writers and poets .
The result was a vigorous campaign to abolish the laws , a campaign which has been renewed in the wake of the Rushdie affair .
*
Although the account of the blasphemy laws which I have given here diverges significantly from the orthodox libertarian view , the path I have followed so far is at least within shouting distance of that well - beaten track .
Where I find myself parting company with the received view completely is when it is suggested that ‘ true ’ intellectual freedom and religious liberty can somehow be established by the simple expedient of abolishing tyrannical laws .
The basis of my disagreement is very simple .
For what students of religious and social history have almost always failed to observe is that the seeming obsolescence of blasphemy laws does not indicate simply that we have grown out of them .
Both in cultural and in psychological terms , it might be a great deal more accurate to suggest that we have grown into them , and that , behind the change in legal attitudes towards blasphemy , there lies a profound process of cultural and psychological internalisation .
Such a process of internalisation is unlikely ever to be complete .
But , to a certain degree at least , it seems reasonable to argue that respect for the figure of Jesus , and for Christianity in general , has been inculcated so widely , even among non-believers , that the restraints of ‘ good taste ’ have gradually made the restraints of the law all but redundant .
In any ordinary social relationship it would be considered an unpardonable breach of good taste for a sceptic or a non-believer to engage in obscene blasphemies against Jesus or against the Christian faith in the presence of a devout Christian .
So profoundly do we seem to have accepted the sacredness of the Christian religion that such blasphemies would probably be considered distasteful even if they were uttered only in the company of fellow sceptics or unbelievers .
Indeed , it is probably true to say that the majority of people who live in societies which were once deemed ‘ Christian ’ , whether or not they have had a religious upbringing , would find it psychologically difficult to engage in extreme or obscene blasphemy even in the privacy of their own imaginations .
To say this is not to endorse the standards of ‘ good taste ’ which now prevail .
For we should never forget that these standards are , in part at least , the historical precipitate of torture and terror .
It is simply to point out that when repressive laws are enforced by terror , they tend to engender repressive frames of mind , which are then passed down ‘ invisibly ’ to future generations through the disciplines of child - rearing and schooling .
In highly disciplined industrialised societies such as our own , it is quite possible to abolish old laws while leaving intact the habits of repression which they originally helped to engender .
It is perhaps partly because of this internalised repression that the role of artists , poets , novelists and film - makers as ‘ agents ’ of blasphemy has become so important in the twentieth century .
Imaginative artists have , in effect , been licensed to engage in blasphemy on behalf of those who , because of their own relative imaginative rigidity , find it difficult to do so .
But even the licence we give to artists to blaspheme is itself severely limited .
Occasional blasphemies can be tolerated in the confidence that their example is unlikely to be followed ; there is no longer a danger of the floodgates of impiety springing open .
Extreme or obscene blasphemy , however , is still effectively either outlawed or restricted to special contexts .
It is quite true that this kind of restriction is not normally regulated by invoking the law .
But here once again we encounter the results of a process of cultural internalisation .
Because of this process individuals or organisations can , to a large extent , be relied upon to impose the kind of censorship which was once enforced by the state .
Very often it is imposed by publishers themselves , and it is surprising how rapidly some publishers have managed to forget their own recent history in this respect .
It is common knowledge that The Satanic Verses was published in Britain by Viking , the hardback division of Penguin Books .
But it is not generally known that Rushdie ’s novel is not the only Penguin book which has been burnt in Britain in recent years .
Not many years ago almost the entire print - run of a Penguin book was burnt on the grounds that its contents were blasphemous and would be deeply offensive to many Christians .
The book in question was Siné ’s Massacre .
Siné is one of France ’s most acclaimed cartoonists and Massacre contained a number of mordantly funny scatological , anti-clerical or blasphemous cartoons , some of them with a sexual theme .
The Penguin edition of Massacre was introduced by Malcolm Muggeridge and published in 1967 at the time that Penguin was under the direction of the young publisher Tony Godwin .
Many booksellers , however , found the book deeply offensive because of its blasphemous content and some conveyed their feelings to the founder of Penguin , Allen Lane , who had by this time almost retired from the firm .
His response was swift and effective .
One night , soon after the book had been published , he went into Penguin ’s main warehouse with four accomplices , filled a trailer with all the remaining copies of the book , drove away and burnt them .
The next day the Penguin trade department reported the book ‘ out of print ’ .
Allen Lane took this action not because he was a practising Christian himself , but because many of his friends and bookselling colleagues were , and had conveyed to him their strong distaste for the book . [ 14 ]
Of course it may be argued that Allen Lane was wrong to act in the way that he did .
But given that he did it would be hypocritical not to recall his actions now .
For they place the controversy over The Satanic Verses in a much needed perspective .
They remind us above all that in Britain , as in most other Western countries , the Christian religion and the sensitivities of individual Christians are protected not so much by the force of law but – far more significantly – by the manner in which ancient and seemingly obsolete public blasphemy laws have been adopted as private standards .
In order to adhere to these standards almost all broadcasting organisations in Europe and the United States routinely vet their programmes for blasphemy .
At the same time both publishing editors and proprietors like Allen Lane frequently intervene in the publishing process in order to moderate , edit , or indeed suppress works which might be considered blasphemous . [ 15 ]
In 1976 , nearly ten years after Allen Lane ’s dramatic intervention in the case of Massacre , a significant controversy developed in Britain around the Danish film - maker Jens Jorgen Thorsen , who was planning a film about the sex - life of Jesus , The Many Faces of Jesus , involving both homsexual and heterosexual sex .
His proposal to make the film in Britain met with intense opposition which was eventually successful .
This opposition came not only from pressure groups but also from the Queen , the Prime Minister , James Callaghan , and the Archbishop of Canterbury , Donald Coggan . [ 16 ]
In 1979 a similar kind of censorship played a significant role in the handling of the British film The Life of Brian .
This film , made by the team responsible for the successful satirical series Monty Python ’s Flying Circus , was a satire on religion set in the time of Jesus .
As blasphemy it was , even in its original version , extremely mild .
Yet the film was surrounded from its inception by intense anxiety , in some quarters of the British Establishment , about the offence it might cause .
As a result it gained a certificate for general release only after some cuts had been made .
Perhaps more importantly still , the film was shunned by British television companies , who declined to show it for fear of offending Christians in this country .
Once again a blasphemy was restrained – or its circulation effectively curtailed – not by the force of law but by the fears , anxieties and sensitivities of individuals .
*
The action which Allen Lane took in 1967 , the successful campaign against The Many Faces of Jesus , and the partial suppression of The Life of Brian tell part of the story of the way in which attitudes towards blasphemy have evolved .
But it is not the whole story .
A far more telling perspective on the status of blasphemy is offered if we consider the manner in which , in our once Christian state , the authority of the individual conscience has gradually been accorded the same position , and been veiled with the same sanctity , as the authority of the scriptures in earlier centuries .
The elevation of the individual conscience and the manner in which we now defer to its authority is one of the most important parts of the Protestant inheritance .
Whereas the medieval Roman Catholic Church had developed a vast apparatus of external authority , and a complex ecclesiastical hierarchy by which all individual believers were bound , Protestants in general – and Puritans in particular – regarded external authority with distaste , and placed great emphasis instead on inner discipline .
One of the great ideals of the Puritan movement , deriving from St Paul – who had in turn derived it from Old Testament prophets like Ezekiel – was that the laws of God should be written not upon tablets of stone , but upon the individual heart of every true believer .
The believer ’s lawful heart would then become his Christian conscience , and this conscience would become the ultimate religious authority .
The Pope would , as it were , be humbly enthroned in the palace of every individual soul and would there become the infallible arbiter of God ’s will , which would be performed not because of some external discipline but because of an inner compulsion .
The emergence of this trend can be discerned in Lutheran Protestantism , but it developed in its strongest form in countries where the Calvinist influence prevailed , particularly in Britain and America .
The radical implications of the new conscience - centred attitude towards Christian doctrine were spelt out by John Milton .
He was one of many seventeenth - century Puritans who , basing his arguments in part on the corrupt and distorted nature of the text of the Bible , rejected it as an infallible guide to the will of God .
According to this view , the authority of the Bible was to be subordinated to what Puritans were wont to call ‘ the Christ within ’ .
For Milton , the ultimate court of appeal always remained that of reason or the inner conscience .
If a particular passage of the scriptures could not be reconciled with the cause of human or moral good , then it was to be rejected : ‘ No ordinance , ’ said Milton , ‘ human or from heaven , can bind against the good of man . ’
‘ Milton ’ , writes the historian Christopher Hill , ‘ was glad to find that ideas which he arrived at by searching his own conscience could be found in the Bible ; but they had greater authority for him because they were in his conscience than because they were in the Bible . ’
The same principle was widely upheld by other radical Puritans .
Jacob Bauthumely did not ‘ expect to be taught by Bibles or books but by God ’ .
‘ The Bible without , ’ he wrote ‘ is but a shadow of the Bible which is within . ’[ 17 ]
The implications of this conscience - centred revolution for the crime of blasphemy were far - reaching indeed , and continue to make themselves felt today .
As long as the Bible continued to be regarded as the ultimate authority in matters of faith , any attempt to quarrel with the sacred word or with the traditional biblical images of God was anathema and was vigorously condemned .
But gradually , as the conscience - centred revolution deepened during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , a conflict began to grow between the old scriptural images of God and the new demands of the internalised conscience .
Although , as we have seen , the state continued rigorously to enforce the law against blasphemy , it frequently found itself in conflict not with scoffers , unbelievers or atheists but with devout Puritans whose main crime was not that they rejected Christ , but that they rejected the Christ of the scriptures in order to follow the ‘ Christ - within ’ .
Indeed blasphemy , or attitudes which verged on blasphemy , even began to have a certain theological attraction for some of the most rigorous and conscientious Puritans .
According to Gerrard Winstanley , any traditional Christian , ‘ who thinks God is in the heavens above the skies , and so prays to that god which he imagines to be there and everywhere … . worships his own imagination , which is the devil ’ .
Elsewhere Winstanley refers almost contemptuously to ‘ the outward Christ and the outward God ’ and goes on to speak of ‘ the God Devil ’ .
In 1646 another British Puritan , John Boggis of Great Yarmouth , asked , ‘ Where is your God , in Heaven or in earth , aloft or below , or where doth he sit with his arse ? ’[ 18 ]
The trial of James Nayler in 1656 , which has already been referred to , is a perfect example of this trend .
For Nayler ’s alleged claim of equality with God was precisely the kind of claim which proceeded logically out of the Puritan enthronement of the conscience .
The blasphemous Nayler , and the Quaker sect to which he belonged , were among the chief pioneers of the ‘ internalised Christianity ’ which would increasingly be adopted as an orthodoxy not only in England and America but in Protestant countries throughout Europe .
In one sense , indeed , it would seem that blasphemy provided some of the most rigid Protestants with a necessary psychological path away from a traditional scriptural Christianity towards a new religion of the conscience ; it was only by pelting the traditional scriptural image of God – the ‘ Christ without ’ – with the stones of irreverence and blasphemy , that they were able to ‘ kill off ’ the old form of religious authority and make room for a new form .
This religious appropriation of blasphemy is by no means only a feature of our Protestant past , for in some significant respects it continues today .
Theologically speaking , the heirs to Gerrard Winstanley and John Boggis are men like Rudolph Bultmann and Herbert Braun in Germany and Bishop John Robinson and Bishop David Jenkins in England .
The books which they , and the other new theologians of Protestantism have written , are earnest and utterly sincere attempts to make private doubts public and , by doing so , to be ‘ honest to God ’ .
But their books are at the same time coldly rational attacks on the traditional scriptural image of God which many ordinary Christians continue to worship and from which they continue to draw immense psychological comfort .
In terms of any traditional Christian view , the vision of these new theologians is not simply radical or revolutionary .
It verges on blasphemy and is profoundly threatening .
It is little wonder that so many Christians have found these writings so hurtful .
In liberal intellectual circles , however , there is scant sympathy for such Christians and a great deal of fellow - feeling for the radical theologians who have so scandalised them .
In view of this , and in view of the way in which we have virtually enthroned blasphemy as an orthodox part of modern Christian theology , it is scarcely surprising that we find it so difficult to understand the feelings of the countless thousands of ordinary Muslims who were outraged by the publication of The Satanic Verses .
We should have no doubt at all that in some cases this feeling of outrage was taken up by Muslim extremists and exploited for their own religious and political ends .
But this exploitation was possible only because the original feeling of outrage was genuine and quite independent of the Ayatollah Khomeini ’s death threat against Salman Rushdie .
It was felt so strongly for the simple reason that much of the Islamic world has not passed through the kind of conscience - centred revolution which is such an important part of our own historical experience .
Islam has not yet established the primacy and the sanctity of the ‘ God- within ’ and most ordinary Muslims have not developed any attitude which parallels the Puritan notion of ‘ a Bible - within ’ .
The Koran remains the essential and only sanctuary of God and of the Prophet Muhammad , and any attempt to tamper with that sanctuary or to abuse its holiness is seen as an attempt to destroy religion itself .
As Amir Taheri has written : ‘ Most Muslims are prepared to be broad - minded about most things but never about anything which even remotely touches upon their faith .
“ Better that I be dead than see Islam insulted , ” said Ayatollah Majlisi in the last century .
An Arab proverb says : “ Kill me , but do not mock my faith . ” ’ [ 19 ]
It is because the faith of ordinary Muslims relies so heavily on external authority and on the sacred tradition of the Koran , and because they identify this tradition with all that is precious and emotionally rich , that many Muslims are prepared to defend the sanctity of the Koran and of the figure of the Prophet with such passion and such apparent rigidity .
It was this seeming rigidity which in its turn evoked the fury of many liberal intellectuals who believed that their own ‘ sacred ’ rights to free expression were being infringed or destroyed .
*
By placing this conflict in a historical context I hope I have made it clear that one argument which is commonly advanced about The Satanic Verses is unsound .
For it is emphatically not true that most European Christians enjoy now , or have ever enjoyed , an unlimited liberty to blaspheme against the Christian faith .
In some countries Christianity is still nominally protected by the law .
But in all Western countries , including the bastion of free - speech , America , it is even more securely protected by a whole series of taboos which have become a part of our culture .
Because of this , and because modern ‘ death - of - God theology ’ has tended to appropriate blasphemy for its own religious ends , abolition of those blasphemy laws which still exist , while it may well be advisable , would not have the effect of placing all religions on an equal footing .
It would actually render the state of religious inequality which exists in all formerly ‘ Christian ’ countries more invisible .
By banishing a palpable injustice in order to ratify an impalpable injustice , it would almost certainly leave the Muslim communities who live in these countries feeling more precarious and more threatened .
To say this , however , does not in itself resolve any of the most important questions which have been raised by the publication of The Satanic Verses and by the Muslim response to it .
For the fact that Muslims – or for that matter any other group of people – might feel threatened , discomforted or offended by the publication of a novel is not in itself a reason for suppressing that novel or declining to publish it in a paperback edition .
Truth itself is sometimes painful , disturbing and offensive .
That being so , the question which remains unanswered is whether blasphemy can itself be a vehicle of truth , and whether the right to engage in blasphemy against a particular religion , or indeed against all religions , is therefore a precious right which should be defended at all costs .
In order to answer that question , I believe that we need to locate it not in some hypothetical Utopia but in the real historical and political world .
There are a number of situations in which the right to blaspheme would indeed appear to be worth defending .
In any society where a tyrannical state authority is kept in place by a policy of religious terror , then blasphemy might well be seen as an important political act ; by keeping alive the possibility of dissent it subverts the state ’s power and , perhaps , makes liberation more likely .
In Calvin ’s Geneva – which John Knox once called ‘ the most perfect school of Christ that ever was on earth since the days of the Apostles ’ – even the lightest action was brought under a rigid spiritual rule .
Drunkards , dancers and adulterers were excommunicated , torture was used systematically , a child was beheaded for striking its parents and , in sixty years , one hundred and fifty men and women who had transgressed against Calvin ’s spiritual discipline were put to death by the city authorities .
Calvin , in the words of R. H. Tawney , ‘ made Geneva a city of glass , in which every household lived its life under the supervision of a spiritual police ’ . [ 20 ]
In such a city it might indeed seem that blasphemy offered a road to liberation , and that any God who was invoked to justify such terror should be treated with open and systematic disrespect .
Much the same might be said of Russia during the time of Stalin .
For although Stalin ’s regime was not sustained by any orthodox form of religion , Stalin so managed the cult of his own personality that he himself effectively became the ‘ God ’ of a tyrannical state - religion , surrounding his own image with reverence , fear and the holy terror which would eventually claim the lives of at least thirty million Soviet citizens .
Dissidence , in such circumstances , demanded a healthy disrespect for the god - like image Stalin sought to project and once again it might be argued that any form of ‘ blasphemy ’ , however scurrilously it abused Stalin , could be justified politically as a step along the road to liberation .
I have introduced these two examples quite deliberately , however , in order to show that , although blasphemy may sometimes appear to be desirable , it is not always politically expedient .
For tyrants who use religious terror in order to impose their own forms of political discipline do not make exceptions of blasphemers ; they make examples of them .
In Calvin ’s Geneva Servetus was put to death .
In Stalin ’s Russia anyone so misguided as to show public disrespect for Stalin himself was likely to be arrested and either executed or tortured into submission .
We should not conclude from this that dissidents living within such regimes should always avoid blasphemy .
For cursing God privately in Calvin ’s Geneva or cursing Stalin during the time of the Great Purge might well have provided individual dissidents with necessary psychological relief ; at times furtive blasphemies exchanged by dissidents might even have become the secret and necessary opium of dissent .
But in such regimes any dissidents would be unwise to regard blasphemy as a permanent political duty .
Rather it should be seen as an extremely difficult political art in which would - be blasphemers play a game of brinksmanship , balancing the disrespect they express for the regime under which they suffer against the chances of punishment .
Of those who played this deadly game in Stalin ’s Russia – including Akhmatova , Mandelstam , Solzhenitsyn and Pasternak – not all were equally effective , and not all survived .
But , almost by definition , ‘ successful ’ dissidents avoided unbridled public vilification of Stalin himself .
Even Osip Mandelstam ’s ‘ mistake ’ was not that he openly declaimed his poem attacking Stalin , but that he read it privately to ‘ a tiny circle of his closest friends ’ , one of whom betrayed him . [ 21 ]
What is certain is that to have engaged in open vilification of Stalin would not have been an act of political courage ; it would have been an act of supreme political folly .
At best it would have been to throw away valuable human resources by going to war with a strategically useless weapon .
At worst it would be the equivalent of supplying arms to the enemy .
For tyrants are almost always skilled at taking the scurrilous insults and obscenities which are associated with blasphemy and directing these back against the blasphemer .
What happens , in effect , is that those who engage in blasphemy against repressive regimes provide the leaders of those regimes with the very kind of unclean Antichrist they need in order to unite followers behind them and sustain and redouble their repressive zeal .
Blasphemy , then , when it is exercised by the powerless against the powerful , may seem to be justifiable , but it is often politically naive and it may have the effect of strengthening the authoritarianism of the regime which is attacked .
In this respect it is very like violence or terrorism .
Terrorist attacks on extreme repressive regimes may sometimes seem morally right , but they are not always advisable .
This is partly because of the danger of detection , and partly because political violence can all too easily give a propaganda - advantage to the enemy and allow a repressive state to fortify itself further against ‘ the enemy within’ .
In the particular case of The Satanic Verses , we should have no doubt at all that Salman Rushdie ’s intention was to use blasphemy as a way of attacking unjustifiable forms of political and religious rigidity .
In reality , however , it seems reasonably clear that his book has had precisely the opposite effect to that which he intended .
For instead of leading to a significant weakening in the power structures of Islamic fundamentalism , the real and deeply felt offence caused by the book to many ordinary Muslims was actually seized upon by Khomeini to help shore up his own shaky political regime .
At the same time many Muslims , above all in Britain , have been deflected from a path of religious moderation towards forms of extremism which had previously held no attraction for them .
In this respect it would seem that Rushdie ’s own sophisticated insensitivity to the language of faith and to religious politics in general has actually played into the hands of fundamentalists .
By allowing himself to be cast as a rigid and intolerant Antichrist - figure , surrounded and supported by the seemingly militant liberal armies of the West , he has effectively redoubled the very rigid zeal he set out in his book to diminish .
*
What is perhaps even more serious and more dangerous in this whole affair , however , has been the insensitivity of almost the entire Western intellectual establishment to some of the deepest imaginative currents of Judaeo - Christian and Islamic history and in particular to the role which has been played by blasphemy in the relationship between the three ‘ religions of Abraham ’ .
One of the reasons that this dimension of the problem has been ignored is that we tend to think of blasphemy as an essentially ‘ irreligious ’ act ; indeed , until the Satanic Verses affair placed the whole subject in a wider context , blasphemy was often thought of as implying disrespect specifically for the Christian religion .
It is this view which is reflected in almost all surving Western laws against blasphemy .
It is sometimes assumed that these laws reflect a general antipathy to blasphemy of any kind , and that the specific and narrow application of the law is merely a historical accident .
Such a view would certainly seem to correspond to the current position of the many Christian leaders in Europe and America who have shown great restraint , wisdom and sensitivity throughout the Rushdie affair .
If , however , we look at the problem of blasphemy in the long perspectives of history , we will find that the Christian church as a whole has generally interpreted the law against blasphemy in a quite different way .
For , while fiercely resisting and punishing blasphemies directed against God , Christ or against the Christian faith , the church has at times actively encouraged Christians to use both blasphemy and obscenity as weapons with which to insult and humiliate rival faiths .
Historically the main victims of such religiously motivated blasphemy have been Jews and Muslims . [ 22 ]
As Christian scholars have themselves now recognised , Western anti-semitism is a specifically Christian phenomenon which stems from the New Testament itself – and not only from the writings of Paul , but also from the gospels , whose anti-Jewish bias is clear and consistent . [ 23 ]
In the twentieth century , anti-semitism has lost much of its religious colouring .
In earlier centuries , however , the religious basis of anti-semitism was almost always clear and explicit .
In his Of the Jews and their Lies , to take but one example , Martin Luther condemned all Jews as greedy and maggoty : ‘ You are unworthy to look at the outside of the Bible , let alone read inside it .
You should read only the Bible which is under the sow ’s tail , and gobble and guzzle the letters which fall from it . ’[ 24 ]
Luther went on to identify the sow with the Talmud and this idea was taken up by a fellow Christian , the Professor of Hebrew at Wittenberg University :
What shall we say of the deep obtuseness of the Jews !
The Son of God came to save his people , but they would not recognise him …
They had been called and elected to be God ’s mouth , to fulfil God ’s word ; but they closed their mouths to the flow of all the good from God and opened their mouths and all their sense to the Devil who filled them with … lies , impiety , blasphemy …
The Rabbis , enemies of God and blasphemers against the Messiah and his most holy Mother … do not understand anything divine .
Instead of the flowing water of eternal life , they suck the milk of a sow … they eat nothing … but excrement and dung …
They take all their mysteries from the piggish Talmud , they suck all the impurity from the teats of swine .
Thus cut off through incredulity from the olive and vine of Christ , they eagerly pursue only the most impure filthiness .
Having deserted Christ they adhere to a sow ; having despised the doctrines of the messiah , they devour dung ; having neglected the word of life , they suck in their muddy milk … [ 25 ]
The pronouncements of Martin Luther and his Christian colleague at the University of Wittenberg were , we should not doubt , motivated by a passionate devotion to the Christian faith and to the teachings of Jesus .
Their purpose was to defend this faith against those who seemed to threaten it and to do so in terms which would be approved by Jesus , who had Himself , according to the gospel of John , anathematised all Jews as ‘ children of the devil ’ .
Yet it will be clear to almost all modern observers that these ‘ holy ’ words are also profoundly blasphemous , and that contemporary Jews would have found them deeply hurtful and offensive to their religious faith .
This particular kind of Christian anti-semitism uses one of the commonest of anti-semitic motifs – that of the Judensau .
This form of anti-Jewish insult , in which Jews were portrayed sucking on the teats of a sow or greedily eating its excrement , was central to Christian anti-semitism in Germany for more than three centuries .
The motif was eventually secularised by National Socialists , and made one of its last appearances in 1937 in the form of a cartoon in Julius Streicher ’s anti-semitic newspaper Der Stürmer .
More generally , scurrilous and obscene blasphemies directed against Jews and against Jewish forms of religious observance , or against Muslims and their faith , have formed one of the most significant elements in Christian apologetics for very many centuries .
Nor would it be fair to see this tendency to exploit or idealise sectarian blasphemy as an exclusively Christian phenomenon .
For the systematic use of blasphemy lies close to the imaginative heart of the writings of the Old Testament prophets .
Again and again the zeal which is shown by these prophets to serve the God of Israel goes hand in hand with their rage to denounce the gods of every other religion – especially the religion of the Canaanites – as inferior and evil .
Specifically , prophets such as Amos , Ezekiel and Jeremiah introduced into Western religion the notion that any form of religious faith which set itself up against the pure cult of Yahweh was to be imagined in obscene terms as a prostitute , and its adherents reviled accordingly .
It was this idea which was taken up in late Jewish and Christian apocalyptic and developed , through the figure of the Whore of Babylon , into one of the central motifs of all sectarian conflict within the Judaeo - Christian tradition .
Partly because Islam itself grew out of this tradition it too has frequently demonised rival faiths .
Indeed this common tradition of blasphemous abuse helps to explain why the Christian West , Judaism and Islam have become , in Karen Armstrong ’s phrase , ‘ locked in a murderous triangle of hatred and intolerance ’ .
Each of these three religious traditions has at times initiated abusive attacks on one or both of the others .
In many cases the main object of these attacks has been the perceived bigotry of an opposing tradition , and the declared purpose of the attack has been to undermine or destroy this bigotry .
Almost inevitably , however , such attacks succeed only in enlarging the legacy of hatred out of which they arise .
For blasphemous assaults on other people ’s faith , far from being subversive of authoritarianism , are themselves one of the main engines of religious bigotry .
By rewarding believers according to the intensity of the insults which they hurl , and by enraging those whose faith is attacked , such strategies strengthen the hand of religious extremists on all sides and turn even moderates towards militancy .
It is because a tradition of blasphemous abuse lies so close to the heart of Judaeo - Christian orthodoxy – and to Judaeo - Christian authoritarianism – that those who play imaginative games with blasphemy in the name of liberty are in reality engaged in an extraordinarily dangerous ploy , whose ultimate effect is likely to be both destructive and repressive .
This is particularly so when the artist in question writes from a position of cultural dominance – from within the all but impregnable political , economic and cultural fortress of a Christian or post - Christian country in the First World .
The greatest danger of all is that his blasphemies will be construed as belonging to the strongest tradition of Western blasphemy – a tradition which is both profoundly authoritarian and full of racial and religious hatred .
It is exactly this which appears to have happened in the reception of The Satanic Verses .
For Muslims do not perceive the Rushdie affair as an isolated skirmish in an otherwise harmonious relationship between Islam and the West .
They see it as the latest battle in a long history of religious and cultural tension which goes back to the seventh century , when Islam first emerged as a religion with the power to challenge Christendom .
This tension was expressed in its most destructive form in the Crusades , during which hundreds of thousands of Muslims were killed by Western zealots .
The Crusaders ’ bitter legacy to the Christian West , for whose supremacy they fought , was a dramatic intensification of traditional Christian anti-semitism .
This new , intensified anti-semitism was expressed both against Jews and against Muslims .
Partly because it was older and had its roots deep in the New Testament , it was anti-Jewish hatred which became most strongly established in Western Europe .
And for geographical and demographical reasons , as well as for historical reasons , it was anti-Jewish prejudice which became one of the most decisive forces in European history during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries and the early part of the twentieth century .
Throughout this period , however , the ancient hostility to Islam was kept alive .
This hostility was so deep because it was based on a real power - struggle for control of Europe .
The Arab invasion of Western Europe was stopped at the battle of Tours in 712 .
But the military and political threat which Islam posed to Christendom continued .
The Turks were halted at Vienna as late as 1683 and even after this , some parts of what had once been Christendom remained under Turkish rule .
Christian fears of Islam , then , were based in part on a real perception of its military , political and cultural strength .
But the tendency of Christians to demonise their enemies meant that realistic fears of Islam were increasingly overlaid by demonological fantasies in which Muslims in general , and Muhammad in particular , were seen as satanic beings .
Throughout almost the whole of Christian Europe these fantasies about Muslims developed alongside much more powerful demonological fantasies about Jews .
During the nineteenth and twentieth centuries both fantasies were gradually rationalised in secular terms , on the one hand by theorists of race , and on the other hand by orientalists .
When , in the face of the deeds of Hitler ’s Germany , Christian and post - Christian Europe began to recoil in horror from its tradition of anti-Jewish prejudice , there was no parallel diminution in its ancient tradition of hatred for Islam .
Indeed one of the changes which began to take place in the cultural imagination of the West was a gradual displacement of prejudice from Judaism to Islam – from Jews to Muslims and Arabs .
With the notable exception of Karen Armstrong , whose profound study of the religious origins of the Middle East conflict , Holy War , deserves to be better known than it is , most Western commentators seem scarcely to have noted this disturbing historical process , still less analysed it .
But it has been observed by some who are themselves more closely involved in the conflict .
In 1973 , at the time of the OPEC crisis , the Palestinian literary critic Edward Said noticed the appearance in America of cartoons depicting an Arab standing beside a petrol pump :
These Arabs , however , were clearly ‘ Semitic ’ : their sharply - hooked noses , the evil , mustachioed leer on their faces , were obvious reminders ( to a largely non-Semitic population ) that ‘ Semites ’ were at the bottom of all ‘ our ’ troubles , which in this case was principally a gasoline shortage .
The transference of a popular anti-Semitic animus from a Jewish to an Arab target was made smoothly , since the figure was essentially the same . [ 26 ]
Quoting Said ’s words , Karen Armstrong comments that ‘ this is a precisely observed example of the frightening fact that the hatred we used to allow ourselves to feel about the Jews has been transferred in toto to the “ Arab ” ’ .
She goes on to observe that this new kind of racial stereotyping is particularly dangerous now that the Arabs are seen as the enemies of the Jews and the new anti-semites :
Much of our new prejudice is a transfer of unmanageable guilt .
The Arab is being made to carry a double load of hatred in Europe : besides bearing the traditional Western hatred of the ‘ Muslim ’ , he is now having to take on our load of guilt for our … anti-semitism . [ 27 ]
Recognition of this new and potent form of prejudice is necessary , I believe , if we are to understand the extraordinary violence of the Muslim reaction to the treatment of Islam in Salman Rushdie ’s The Satanic Verses .
To the casual Western observer the Satanic Verses affair seemed , in its early stages at least , a more or less internal squabble in which a Muslim writer , who happened to live in a Western country , was being reviled for daring to attack , in a distinctively modern way , the religious faith in which he had been brought up .
Since Islam was perceived by such observers as a uniquely cruel and repressive religion , it tended to be assumed automatically that Rushdie ’s blasphemies were offered in the name of life , liberty and imaginative exuberance .
To most Muslims , however , Rushdie ’s offence is quite different .
For some of the passages from The Satanic Verses which they find most offensive draw on motifs and on characterisations of Muhammad which are not modern at all .
They belong rather to the ancient tradition of religiously inspired contempt for Islam which was nurtured by the Christian Church in the West throughout countless centuries .
It is from this tradition and its secular transformations that Rushdie draws the character of his Muhammad - figure , Mahound .
As a result , the prophet emerges from Rushdie ’s novel as an insincere businessman , ‘ a calculating opportunist devoid of conscience , making and breaking rules as he pleases , confusing ( or perhaps deliberately identifying ) good with evil as the mood takes him ’ [ 28 ]
The words are those of the Muslim writer Shabbir Akhtar .
In his book , Be Careful With Muhammad ! , Akhtar goes on to expound some of the more general Muslim complaints about Rushdie ’s novel :
The Satanic Verses is written in a language that is at times gratuitously obscene and wounding .
In the controversial sections about Mahound , the locales Rushdie selects are almost always sexually suggestive … and sometimes even degrade human nature .
Much of the abuse , though , is straightforwardly explicit .
Bilal , Khalid and Salman , who are three of Mahound ’s most distinguished companions , emerge as drunkards , idlers and fools , ‘ the trinity of scum ’ , ‘ that bunch of riff raff ’ , ‘ ing clowns ’ .
Mahound himself is portrayed as a debauched sensualist , a drunkard given to self - indulgence .
He is depicted lying naked and unconscious in Hind ’s tent with a hangover …
There is a sustained attack on values such as chastity and modesty too .
In a , provocatively called The Veil , the prostitutes assume the names and roles of Mahound ’s wives .
The anti-Islamic poet Baal becomes the husband of the wives of the ‘ businessman prophet ’ …
The scene is of course purely imaginary ; even Christian polemicists have drawn the line at this kind of insult .
Unlike his Western supporters , Rushdie himself writes with an insider ’s awareness of the outrage such a portrayal would cause .
Muhammad ’s spouses are instructed , by the Koran , to remain unmarried after their husband ’s death , so that they can assume the honorific title , ‘ the mothers of the believers ’ .
Muslims have reacted to what they take to be a straightforward personal attack . [ 29 ]
Frequently Western intellectuals have attempted to dismiss such Muslim reactions as the product merely of prudishness or repression .
This is scarcely fair since , though Islam clearly has its own forms of puritanism , it is no more anti-sexual than Judaism , and a good deal less so than Christianity .
The Muslim objection is not , at root , an objection to the isation or the eroticisation of the Prophet .
For that is not how the relevant passages of the novel are perceived .
They are perceived as an attempt to use obscenity not to enrich but to smear .
The objection is not to sex but to the use of sex as a form of vilification .
Nor should it be assumed that this kind of reaction is peculiar to Muslims .
For it was a very similar reaction which , some ten years ago , triggered the campaign against Jens Jorgen Thorsen ’s film The Many Faces of Jesus .
British Muslims , it would seem , have something in common with a former British Prime Minister , a former Archbishop of Canterbury and the Queen .
It must be said , however , that Muslims have very good reasons to be especially sensitive to such treatment of their own sacred figures .
For both Christian polemicists and Western orientalists sought for centuries to denigrate Islam by attributing to it a fantastic , disreputable or demonic .
And what almost all Muslims know , from their intuitive grasp of their own history , is that there is nothing remotely liberating in this kind of Western fantasy .
For in the past such fantasies have always tended to belong to the propaganda which has preceded the sword , the bullet and the bomb .
What Muslims see in Rushdie ’s fictional adaptations of ancient stereotypes is not simply hatred , but the long , terrible , triumphalist hatred which the West has had for Islam almost since its beginnings .
To find such hateful stereotypes revived not by one of their traditional enemies , but by a writer who was himself born to a Muslim family in Bombay , and who has in the past sided with Muslims , was especially hurtful .
When ordinary Muslims in Britain saw that writer richly repaid for his irreverence , feted and celebrated both by intellectuals and by the Western media , while they were rewarded for their faith with ill - disguised contempt , it is little wonder that some of them felt betrayed in the most intimate and cruel manner , and felt at the same time that their own future existence , security and safety in the West were threatened .
Given all this , it should not be surprising that Muslims in Britain reacted to the publication of Rushdie ’s book in the way that they did , and that a number of them wrote in passionate terms to Penguin Books pleading for the book ’s withdrawal .
It is not surprising either that , when these passionate pleas failed to produce any real response , these Muslims should have resorted to more dramatic methods , burning the book in public in an attempt to interest the media in their campaign .
Nor is it entirely surprising that , when they succeeded and Western intellectuals , journalists and writers rose in order to condemn them and to defend democracy and its freedoms , Muslims responded by redoubling their campaign .
For , as at least one Muslim spokesman pointed out at the time , one of the most precious rights in any democracy is freedom of association .
In availing themselves of that freedom and of their entirely legal right to demonstrate against a book by which they felt insulted , they were simply using the very democratic liberties their critics claimed to be defending .
Moreover , possessing still the visceral sense of history which Western intellectuals have destroyed , most Muslims knew all too well what this Western passion for freedom had meant in terms of their own history .
They knew that the cutting edge of the Western conscience was a sword , and that democracy usually appeared in the form of an invading army .
It is the long history of humiliation at the hands of the West , particularly in Iran under the Shahs and in Palestine , which helps to explain the intensity of the rage with which Muslims responded to The Satanic Verses .
Perhaps the most unfortunate aspect of the entire Rushdie affair was that this Muslim rage tended to be met not with the moderation which liberal intellectuals preached but with their own more sophisticated forms of rage .
It is true that some individuals and organisations responded in a very different manner .
In Britain , for example , both the Commission for Racial Equality and the Inter Faith Network , made immensely constructive efforts to bring about a real dialogue between the various participants in the debate .
But in the immediate aftermath of the fatwa this represented a minority response .
Indeed a number of intellectuals and writers made the situation a great deal worse by resorting to forms of anti-intellectualism , in which careful analysis was eschewed in favour of the reflex chanting of the slogans and shibboleths of liberalism .
The British intellectual Christopher Hitchens , who is often a cogent and perceptive cultural critic , made the following speech during the course of a rally of American writers :
As writers and soi-disant intellectuals , it is most often our job to stress complexity , to point out with care and attention that ‘ it ’s not as simple as that ’ .
But there are also times when it is irresponsible not to stress the essential clarity and simplicity of a question .
The almost boastful threat to murder not just a book but an author is one such time .
Moments of this sort have a galvanizing effect on our standby phrases and our most cherished cliches … [ 30 ]
Other writers have responded in a way which has both revived and intensified the relatively new form of religious and racial hatred which we have just examined .
For confirmation of this we only have to look at some of the responses which the Rushdie affair has evoked from those who might once have been regarded as ‘ liberals ’ .
In her essay on the Rushdie affair , Sacred Cows , we find the British feminist novelist Fay Weldon , who was not previously known for her Christian zeal , endorsing the Bible as a sound basis for a society while , in the same breath , she condemns the Koran : The Koran is food for no - thought .
It is not a poem on which society can be safely or sensibly based .
It gives weapons and strength to the thought - police – and the thought - police are easily set marching and they frighten …
You can build a decent society around the Bible … but the Koran ?
No . [ 31 ]
This passage is quoted by Rana Kabbani in her own contribution to the Rushdie debate , Letter to Christendom .
Understandably enough Kabbani reproves Fay Weldon both for her ‘ cultural arrogance ’ and her ‘ rash judgments ’ .
She then quotes the even more remarkable words of the Irish journalist and former United Nations diplomat Conor Cruise O’Brien , in a review published in the the Times in May 1989 : Muslim society looks profoundly repulsive …
It looks repulsive because it is repulsive … A Westerner who claims to admire Muslim society , while still adhering to Western values , is either a hypocrite or an ignoramus , or a bit of both .
At the heart of the matter is the Muslim family , an abominable institution … . Arab and Muslim society is sick , and has been sick for a long time .
In the last century the Arab thinker Jamal al - Afghani wrote : ‘ Every Muslim is sick and his only remedy is in the Koran . ’
Unfortunately the sickness gets worse the more the remedy is taken . [ 32 ]
Having quoted these contemptuous and racist words , which were written by a former Editor - in - Chief of the Observer , but which could not conceivably have been published in a British newspaper before the Rushdie affair , Kabbani goes on to discuss the sense of grievance felt by Muslims because of their experience over the centuries of being colonised , manipulated and despised .
‘ In today ’s scale of values , ’ she writes , ‘a Muslim life seems to weigh a good deal less than a Christian or a Jewish life . ’
These words are chilling , I suspect , precisely because they express a truth which it is taboo to utter .
Kabbani herself eventually comes to a conclusion very similar to that which I have already suggested : I have come to think that anti-semitism , endemic in western culture , has more or less been forced underground .
Thankfully , and for good historical reasons it is no longer easy to attack Jews publicly or depict them in fiction as unpleasant caricatures .
But these salutary taboos do not extend to Muslims .
I would even be so bold as to argue that there has been a transfer of contempt from Jews to Muslims in secular Western culture today .
Many Muslims share this fear : indeed , one has written that ‘ the next time there are gas chambers in Europe , there is no doubt concerning who ’ll be inside them ’ . [ 33 ]
The words which Kabbani quotes are those of the young Muslim philosopher Shabbir Akhtar .
These words may seem to exaggerate the predicament of European Muslims .
But , whether or not this is the case , I am quite sure that they reflect , as accurately as any of the words which were spilt during the recent controversy , how it sometimes feels to be a Muslim in the middle of secular Europe in the latter part of the twentieth century .
Nor should we rule out the possibility that Akhtar , far from exaggerating , is actually showing a terrible prescience .
This version of Chapter 1 of A Brief History of Blasphemy : Liberalism , Censorship and the Satanic Verses , follows the revised text prepared for the German translation , Erben des Hasses , Die Rushdie - Affäre und ihre Folgen , Knesebeck , 1992 .
NOTES [ 1 ]
Shabbir Akhtar , Be Careful with Muhammad !
The Salman Rushdie Affair , Bellew , 1989 ; Lisa Appignanesi and Sara Maitland , The Rushdie File , Fourth Estate , 1989 ; Rana Kabbani , Letter to Christendom , Virago , 1989 ; Shoaib Qureshi and Javed Khan , The Politics of Satanic Verses , Muslim Community Studies Institute , 1989 ; Malise Ruthven , A Satanic Affair : Salman Rushdie and the Rage of Islam , ( 1990 ) Revised Edition , Hogarth , 1991 ; For a good bibliography of the UK literature , including later items , see the comprehensive anthology edited by M.M. Ahsan and A.R. Kidawi , Sacrilege versus Civility ; Muslim Perspectives on the Satanic Verses Affair , The Islamic Foundation , Leicester , 1991 . [ 2 ]
The Crime of Blasphemy - Why It Should be Abolished , 1989 , published by the International Committee for the Defence of Salman Rushdie , Article 19 , London . [ 3 ] ibid [ 4 ]
Walter Nigg , Das Buch der Ketzer , p 210 , quoted by Joachim Kahl , The Misery of Christianity , Penguin , 1971 , p.66 . [ 5 ]
Kahl , p.69 [ 6 ]
See , for example , Leonard W. Levy , Freedom of Speech and Press in Early American History : Legacy of Suppression , New York , 1963 , pp 95 - 6 . [ 7 ]
Leonard W. Levy , Treason Against God : A History of the Offense of Blasphemy , Schocken Books , New York , 1981 , p 130 [ 8 ] ibid , pp 135 - 143 [ 9 ]
Nicolas Walter , Blasphemy Ancient and Modern , Rationalist Press Association , 1990 , p34 [ 10 ]
Levy , Treason , pp 265-294 [ 11 ] ibid , pp 313-314 [ 12 ]
Arthur Schlesinger , quoted in Levy , Freedom , p 189 .
It should be noted that Schlesinger applied these words to the period of the Revolution itself . [ 13 ]
Denning , cited in The Crime of Blasphemy - Why It Should be Abolished , op cit [ 14 ] see Fifty Penguin Years , Penguin , London , 1985 , p 75 [ 15 ] [ Note added June 2002 ]
One of the most interesting examples of the operation of the kind of internalised taboo which I describe here was afforded on what is reputedly the freest of all media – the world wide web ­– in the very country which is most committed to extreme versions of the ideology of free speech – the United States .
The example in question was a posting made by the British Darwinian and evolutionary theorist Richard Dawkins on the Edge website www.edge.org .
In the immediate aftermath of the events of September 11 , Dawkins expressed ( not for the first time ) his fierce rationalist opposition to all forms of religion .
He wrote as follows : ‘ A world without Islam , indeed a world from which all three Abrahamic religions had been lost , would not be an obviously worse world in which to live .
You may take that as British understatement if you choose .
But a world which had lost enlightened scientific reason ( which is at its best in America , and not only because more resources are spent on it ) would be impoverished beyond all telling . ’
This portion of his posting remains ( in June 2002 at least ) visible on the site .
However another , evidently more extreme portion has been removed by Dawkins himself .
He writes : ‘ I have withdrawn most of the rest of my contribution , in deference to what seems to be an American taboo against offending religious opinion .
I remain baffled by the fact that liberal arbiters freely allow us to offend against political , economic , musical , artistic and literary opinion , but religious opinion is almost universally regarded as off limits , even by atheists . ’ [ 16 ]
Nicolas Walter , op cit , p 69 [ 17 ]
Christopher Hill , The World Turned Upside Down , Penguin , 1975 , p 264 [ 18 ] ibid , p 176 [ 19 ]
Appignanesi and Maitland , op cit , p 93 [ 20 ] R.H. Tawney , Religion and the Rise of Capitalism , Penguin , 1938 , p 125 [ 21 ]
Alex de Jonge , Stalin and the Shaping of the Soviet Union , Collins , 1986 , pp 312-312 [ 22 ]
For an example of Christian faith - baiting directed against Muslims , see Reconsidering the Rushdie affair [ 23 ] see , for example , John G. Gager , The Origins of Anti-Semitism , Oxford University Press , New York , 1983 ; Robert S. Wistrich , Antisemitism : The Longest Hatred , Thames Methuen , 1991 [ 24 ]
Luther , quoted in Isaiah Shachar , The ' Judensau ' : A medieval Anti-Jewish Motif and its History , The Warburg Institute , University of London , 1974 , p. 43 [ 25 ] ibid pp 122-122 [ 26 ]
Edward W. Said , Orientalism : Western Conceptions of the Orient , Penguin , 1985 , pp 285-6 [ 27 ]
Karen Armstrong , Holy War : The Crusades and their Impact on Today 's World , Macmillan , 1988 . p 376 [ 28 ]
Akhtar , op cit p 24 [ 29 ] ibid pp 25 -28 [ 30 ]
Appignanesi and Maitland , op cit , p 171 [ 31 ]
Fay Weldon , Sacred Cows , Chatto , 1989 , pp 6 , 12 [ 32 ]
Conor Cruise O'Brien , The Times , 11 May 1989 [ 33 ]
Rana Kabbani , op cit , p. 11 ………………………………………… © Richard Webster , 2002 www.richardwebster.net TOP
Now that the dust has settled , we take a measured approach toward the Nexus One.
Manufactured by HTC .
Produced , sold and marketed by Google .
Supported by ... somebody .
( More on that in a bit . )
Loved by many .
Lamented by just as many as just another phone .
Join us after the break .
The Nexus One was unveiled by Google on Jan. 5 before a select group of journalists in San Francisco and went on sale immediately thereafter .
Google dubbed it the " Superphone . "
Only , we knew it really was n't .
For weeks before , Google had given the Nexus One to its employees -- part gift , part strategy .
The worker bees got the phone , were presumably ( with a wink ) told not to talk about it , and so the leaks began .
By the time it became available to the general public , we knew what it looked like , the general specs , and what it could do .
Not that it 's a slouch of a phone , by any standards .
But it let a little air out of the hype balloon .
It is all of these things .
And it is none of them .
The Google Nexus One ( hands - on | video review | news | FAQ ) was supposed to be the phone that changed the game .
That brought a paradigm shift to the wireless space .
That made it quick and easy to purchase a cellular device -- with or without involving AT&T , T - Mobile , Verizon or Sprint .
It was supposed to be a clear line of demarcation between you -- the consumer -- the manufacturer and the Great and Powerful Oz .
Out of the box
Sparse .
White .
Box .
That 's it .
Nothing on the outside save for the Nexus One and Google logos , and a band of color at the bottom sporting the same blue - green - yellow - red scheme we 've come to know from Google .
Open it and you 're greeted by the Nexus one , front and center .
" Oh , look , " said my iPhone - using but otherwise smartphone civilian ( read : non-nerd ) wife .
" Looks like they stole that idea from Apple . "
Heck , at this point who has n't when it comes to minimalist packaging .
Environment FTW .
Next layer down is the usual quick - start and legal fodder , quickly tossed aside .
And in the basement of the box we get a mini microUSB cable , mic / earbuds with covers and shirt clip , and a cute little black pouch with the Android robot peeking out from the bottom .
The Android guy appears on one of the earbuds , too .
Nice touch .
Hardware
On the outside
It may say Google on the box , but the Nexus One has the look at feel of a top - end HTC device because , well , it is .
There 's a little back - and - forth about just how much of the design really is Google and how much is HTC .
We 're pretty confident in the latter , though in the end it does n't matter who designed it -- this is a solid little device .
It measures 119 mm tall by 59.8 mm wide by 11.5 mm deep , and weighs 130 grams with the battery .
It 's a tad taller than an iPhone , slightly more narrow and just a bit thinner .
The face of the phone is dominated by the 3.7 - inch AMOLED capacitive touchscreen , at 480x800 pixels ( nearly the same as the Droid ) .
And that size is important , as there 's no hardware keyboard on the Nexus One .
Everything 's handled on the screen .
Beneath it are the customary buttons back , menu , home and search buttons , and finally the trackball .
And that trackball remains a love / hate feature for many .
For some , it 's as natural .
Others look at it in disgust and cry out for a proper directional pad , optical mouse , click wheel -- anything .
But it serves a dual purpose .
It controls the cursor in a typing situation ( as does the usual touchscreen method ) allowing for proper cut - and - paste , and works just as previous trackballs , allowing you to scroll through the UI .
But it also acts as a notification light -- a glowing orb of news , if you will .
Receive an e-mail , and it starts glowing off and on .
SMS come in ?
Light it up .
And notifications can have different colors assigned to them .
About those four buttons : Like on the Motorola Droid , these buttons are capacitive .
There are no springs depressed , no moving parts .
But the accuracy seems to be a bit off .
You need to press on the top third of where you visualize the button to be in order for it to register .
Hopefully we 'll see a software fix for that , but it may be a hardware issue , too .
On the bottom bezel is the microUSB port , dock connector ( that 's the three gold dots ) and microphone hole ( the space where it looks like a fourth gold dock connector is missing ) .
The left bezel has the volume rocker button , and the top has the power button and 3.5 mm headphone jack .
A word about that power button :
This is part of what certainly makes this phone an HTC design .
It 's very easy to accidentally press , much like the power button on the HTC Touch Pro 2 .
Most of the time that 's not a huge deal , as you have to hold it down and then perform another action to turn off the device or put it into airplane mode .
But if the phone 's already off , it makes it easy to inadvertently power on .
The back of the phone sports the battery cover , with holes for the speaker and secondary microphone ( for noise cancellation ) , as well as housings for the 5 - megapixel camera and LED flash ( which is nuclear in intensity ) .
The cover comes off by sliding it up .
( Hint : Put pressure on your thumbs starting near the back microphone hole . )
The phone itself is a mix of what feels like brushed aluminum ( more likely nice plastic ) on the bezel around the screen and on the back band , and a version of the soft - touch paint we 've grown to love over the years .
As for the overall feel of the Nexus One ?
It 's got a nice heft to it .
Not nearly as heavy as the Motorola Droid , and its lines are softer than the Droid Eris .
It fits well in the hand , though it seems slick at times .
A decent case can take care of any slippage concerns , though .
On the inside
The Nexus One is powered by a Qualcomm QSD 8250 Snapdragon processor , running at 1GHz .
In layman 's terms :
This thing is fast .
There 's 512 megabytes of RAM and 512MB of ROM on board .
Multitasking is n't a problem , thanks to the RAM .
But the ROM situation remains a bit of a sticking point .
Currently , apps can only be stored on the device .
That 's not a new problem , and it's one you can work around if you root the Nexus One .
Google , however , has said it will fix that limitation in an upcoming release .
The Nexus One , as it stands at launch , was designed for use on T - Mobile 's network , including 3G data .
It will , however , work on AT&T 's GSM network , too , though it wo n't get 3G data .
The battery is of the 1,400 mAh variety and should get you through most of a day on a single charge .
If not , it is removable , so you can just pop in a new one .
You 'll need to take out the battery to insert your SIM card , or to swap out the microSD card .
The Nexus One comes with a 4GB card , though it supports up to a 32 GB card .
Other sundry items : assisted GPS , 802.11 b/g / ( and eventually n) WiFi , Bluetooth 2.0 + EDR .
The software
Inside Android 2.1
The Nexus One is a true " Google experience " phone , unlike , say , the Motorola Cliq or HTC Droid Eris .
That 's not likely to make much of a difference to the casual user , but it is distinction that needs to be made .
And the Nexus One is the first phone to sport Android 2.1 , part of the " Eclair " line .
Initial setup of the Nexus One is the same -- you give it your Google credentials and it automatically starts pulling down your gmail , contacts and the like .
That 's not the only means of communication ; the Nexus One handles POP and IMAP e-mail just fine ( as well as Exchange accounts , though not as well as Windows Mobile ) .
But we 've said it before , and we 'll continue to say it :
If you 're not a gmail user , you 're going to miss out .
Gmail use ( and with custom gmail domains , too ) is as it should be on a mobile phone .
Biggest gripe is that takes too many taps to change accounts .
Windows Mobile has that one nailed : Swipe left or right in the inbox to change accounts .
In Android , you still have to go to the menu , hit the accounts button , then choose the account you want to switch to .
That 's three menus , three taps , where one swipe could get the job done .
Steal .
This .
Now .
And that 's a continuing problem with Android .
It lacks refinements that could make the user experience much quicker and easier .
The old joke about Palm was that they counted the number of taps it took to complete an action .
Actually , that 's really not so much of a joke , and something from which Android could greatly benefit .
The other Google services on the Nexus One -- Google Maps , Google Navigation , Google Voice and the like -- work just as on other Android devices ( and are buttery smooth ) .
Live wallpapers and the home screen
The initial home screen you 're met by looks familiar .
Same basic icons but ... wait ... is that desktop moving ?
Sure enough , one of the major UI tweaks in Android 2.1 is " Live wallpaper . "
You 're given 10 to choose from .
Some of them , like the default " Nexus " wallpaper , are interactive .
Poke at it , and the animation changes .
My favorite : " Grass . "
It 's like lying in a field of tall , waving grass .
And as the day grows longer , the sky in the background grows darker .
For the most part , the default live wallpapers are pretty subdued .
There 's just enough animation to keep things interesting but not distracting .
Others that you can find in the Android Market , well , they can be a little taxing on the eyes .
Of course , as soon as you see animated wallpapers , you worry about battery life .
The live wallpapers do , of course , use more power than just a static image .
But the Nexus One 's Snapdragon processor architecture and AMOLED screen help mitigate that .
In other words , it was n't noticeably draining .
Android 2.1 home screen ( left ) and with cards open ( right )
Also new in Android 2.1 the addition of more home screens .
We 're now up to five -- two on either side of the main home screen .
As in previous versions , you just swipe left or right to move to them .
Dots in either lower corner indicate which screen you 're on .
But that 's not the only way to move around .
Tap and hold on either of the lower corners , and up pop five cards , showing previews of the five home screens .
( Yes , this looks like a blatant ripoff of the Palm webOS card metaphor for multitasking . )
It 's not necessarily much quicker than swiping across the screens , but it is a cool option .
Gone is the app drawer at the bottom .
It 's been replaced by a sort of 3D Rolodex .
It 's really a minor UI tweak , but it 's a nice change .
The Android Market is exactly as before .
If you 're migrating from another Android phone , your downloaded apps ( free and paid ) will come with you and will automatically install themselves .
( Next step : Automatic desktop migration , please . )
Our greatest concern about the " Google experience " is that it still lacks an ease of use for " normal " consumers ( I call 'em civilians ) .
How do you explain to , say , your mother , the philosophy behind widgets versus icons and shortcuts , and how they can all work together on Android 's multiple desktops ?
It 's not a difficult concept for smartphone nerds , but neither is it overly intuitive .
And after you amass more than a dozen apps or so -- which might or might not contain widgets , too -- it can get quite complicated .
Keyboard and voice to text input
The Nexus One has no hardware keyboard -- it 's all on - screen for this guy .
And the on - screen keyboard is , well , it 's OK .
The iPhone still is the king of on - screen keyboards , though everybody else is slowly gaining ground .
And , of course , you can download new keyboard skins for Android phones at the drop of a hat .
But out of the box , the Nexus One 's is pretty good .
It 's better in landscape , as are most on - screen keyboards , but not bad in portrait , either .
That said , I and many others , apparently , have seen some occasional problems with the keyboard incorrectly registering touches .
Whether that 's connected to what we 're seeing in the bottom four buttons on the device is unclear .
It 's not a constant issue at this point , but an early ( and annoying ) bug that needs to be fixed .
Probably one of the coolest features in Android 2.1 is the one that 's the least refined and most open to ( and in need of ) improvement .
Using speech for voice dialing is nothing new when it comes to smartphones ( and dumbphones , for that matter ) .
But Android 2.1 has taken a huge leap in that every text field -- from e-mail to Web forms to , well , you name it -- can be filled by the sound of your voice .
Admittedly still in its infancy , Google has opened up voice - to - text for every possible use .
Want to dictate an e-mail ?
Go for it .
As you 'll see , it 's still fairly buggy .
But this is the sort of thing that will only get better with time .
But we 've been saying that about voice transcription for years , have n't we ?
We can only hope that with Google charging forward with voice - to - text on phones , as well as with transcription in its Google Voice service , that we 'll finally see some headway made .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Russia has unveiled its new stealth fighter jet , meant to boost the country 's ageing arsenal of weaponry and be a rival to the US F - 22 Raptor .
The Sukhoi T - 50 , also called the PAK FA , made its maiden flight in Russia 's far east .
Test pilot Sergei Bogdan said it was " easy and comfortable to pilot " .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said much work needed to be done before mass production began in 2015 .
Stealth technology is meant to nearly eliminate a plane 's radar signature .
The plane is being developed by the Sukhoi company at its Komsomolsk - on - Amur production plant .
The new jet has been developed in partnership with India .
It is seen as a significant milestone in Russia 's efforts to modernise its Soviet - era military hardware .
Sukhoi's director Mikhail Pogosyan said he was convinced that the project would " excel its Western rivals in cost - effectiveness and will not only allow strengthening of the defence power of the Russian and Indian air forces , but also gain a significant share of the world market " .
The company says the jet 's stealth features considerably enhance its combat effectiveness in all weathers .
Its features include : all - weather capability , ability to use a take - off strip of just 300 - 400 metres , capacity for sustained supersonic flight including repeated in - flight refuelling , advanced avionics , simultaneous attacks on air and ground targets .
But analysts have denied the jet is a leap forward .
" It 's just a prototype lacking new engines and a new radar , " military analyst Pavel Felgenhauer told the Associated Press news agency .
Originally scheduled for 2007 , the T - 50's maiden flight was repeatedly postponed because of technical problems .
Observers of Russia 's recent military modernisation drive say it has been plagued by delays and quality problems .
— Islington Gazette : Police ’s honour killing pledge —
“ An honour killing must never be allowed to happen in Islington – say detectives who discovered that a couple were threatened with death for having a forbidden relationship . ” —
“ The 25 - year - old Egyptian Muslim woman and her 21 - year - old Greek Orthodox boyfriend were allegedly assaulted by her family for their secret love affair . ” —
“ Police believe the woman was first beaten up by her father and brother until she revealed her boyfriend ’s identity . ” —
“ The boyfriend was allegedly then bundled into a car , beaten up and taken to his girlfriend ’s family home in Holloway . ” —
“ There they were threatened with death if they had any further contact . ” —
“ But charges have never been brought over the incident in June last year because no - one was willing to give evidence . —
“ While a murder has never happened in Islington , police have revealed the borough has experienced four cases of ‘ honour - based violence ’ in the last year . ”
Categories Categories Select Category “ Honor Killings ” # Islamic Freedom Activism and Events Afghanistan Ahmadi Ahmadiyya Muslim Al - Huda Alzheimer ’s Disease and Human Rights Alzheimers and Human Rights American ISIS American Renaissance “ White Nationalist ” Hate American Renaissance Protest Anarchist - Antifa Anger Activism Anjem Choudary Anonymous Anti-Government Terrorism Anti-Semitism apostate Articles Aryan Nazi Supremacism Asia Bibi Bahrain Balochistan Bangladesh Bin Ladenism Black Nationalist Extreme Blasphemy and Defamation of Religion BMSD BundyTerrorGroup Cartoon Controversy Children ’s Rights Childrens Rights Matter China Christian Human Rights Commercial Violence Communism Compassion Confederate_Treason Congressional Issues Coptic Oppression Courage Crimes Against Humanity Current Activity Darfur Womens Action Group Day of Disappeared December 10 Democracy Egypt Falun Dafa / Gong Family Planning Terrorism FBI Ferguson France Freedom of Expression Freedom of Speech Hindu Honor Killings Hindu Human Rights Hindu Temples Hizb ut - Tahrir Extremists Holocaust Memorial Museum Attack Holocaust Mockery Holocaust Remembrance Hope Human Dignity Human Rights – Universal Human Rights Day Hutaree Immigration India Indonesia Indonesia Churchs ISIS Islamist - Extremist Islamophobia Israel - MidEast Issues Justice Keep Hope Alive Khilafah Local Love and Hate Major Stories Malaysia Malaysia Churches Media Abuse of Human Rights Muslim Human Rights Myanmar / Burma Nigeria NOI Nonviolence North Korea Organ Harvesting Other Other Domestic Terror Pakistan PakistanChristianPost Pluralism Police Abuse Police_Enforcing_Law Political Extremist Terrorism Political Violence Poverty Pride Protests Against Houses of Worship Racial Supremacism Religious Freedom Religious Minority Refugees Religious Supremacism – Other Reports on Iran and Democracy Rohingya Muslims Saudi Arabia Sikh Human Rights SIOA Slavery Soraya M. SovereignCitizenExtremists stoning Stopping Misogyny Stormfront Hate Group Sudan Support Constitutional Equality – E.R.A. Taliban Tea Party and Islam Terrorism Terrorism - Against - Police Thailand Think Top Story Totalitarianism UAE UDHR Uncategorized Vandalism Against Houses of Worship Violence Against Gay Human Beings Violence Against Houses of Worship Violence in International Waters Violence in Society Westboro Baptist Church Hate Group What We Believe Women ’s Day Stories Women ’s Rights Matter
Archives Archives Select Month July 2020 September 2019 March 2019 January 2019 December 2018 November 2018 July 2018 June 2018 April 2018 March 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 May 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 July 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 May 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 September 2010 August 20 10 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008
Choose Love , Not Hate - Love Wins
The Humorology of Power
by Bernard Chazelle
T he worshippers who kneel at the altar of Humor never cease to marvel at the unique capacity humans have to make others laugh .
They worship the worship , too , for the only thing cooler than having a sense of humor is to know that you have such a thing and that it really matters .
Humor is serious stuff .
It exposes hypocrisy , punctures vanity , challenges falsehoods , skewers prejudice , and , in our hour of need , lessens the pain .
It serves social , evolutionary , and sexual purposes — both Darwin and Freud had much to say on the matter ( as on pretty much everything else ) .
The typologies of humor can fill tomes .
That 's not what this essay is about .
My goal is to examine the relation of humor to power .
What is humor ?
What makes me laugh is a pleasing answer but it explains nothing .
Truth is , humor comes in too many flavors to fit into one all - encompassing theory .
Plus it 's not for nothing that humor and humid share the same Latin root for " bodily fluid . "
To analyze humor , indeed , is much like holding water in your hand .
It 's entirely hopeless to seek sufficient conditions for it — humor is far too dependent on " humors " — so we 'll have to content ourselves with necessary ones .
I. Superiority
M y first point , unoriginal but so crucial it bears revisiting , is that humor , whether hurtful or not , is inextricably tied to a sentiment of superiority .
The humorist , a term taken in the broadest sense , can express his or her superiority in at least two ways .
Being clever is one of them .
All jokes in the universe having been told 1000 times already , all that 's left is how clever you make the 1001 - st iteration .
If such a tiny fraction of comedy is truly funny , it 's because being clever is hard work .
The Simpsons ' writers are quite obviously workaholics .
A pity Churchill died too soon to join their ranks :
Lady Nancy Astor to Churchill : " Winston , if you were my husband , I 'd poison your tea . "
Churchill : " Nancy , if I were your husband , I 'd drink it . "
Priest to rabbi : " When will you eat ham ? "
Rabbi to priest : " At your wedding . "
Retaliatory humor puts a premium on cleverness :
The lady and the priest postulate a world of fantasy ( world A ) , free of superstition and pesky restraint on wanton murder .
World A comes crashing against world B , ruled , in this case , by cold logic .
Note that the rabbi's world does not clash with the priest 's over a demand for tolerance but , rather , consistency .
The collision is not moral but logical .
Punch lines are the emotion - free , high - energy particles emitted by the LHC ( Large Humor Collider ) .
The other way to channel superiority into laughter is to claim the throne of correctness .
You can do it in two ways : one is to paint everybody around you as a blithering idiot and pose as a fount of wisdom .
The other is self - deprecation , a device used to create a clone of yourself that you can then torment with impunity .
The identification is only an alibi , of course .
Emotion is the enemy of comedy .
You make yourself into the butt of your own jokes only to immunize your audience against that dreaded humor killer called compassion .
Self - deprecation is the art of empathizing over your own flaws so others wo n't have to .
Thus free - floating in moral weightlessness , the audience can laugh immune to self - loathing .
Yet the main function of self - deprecation is not to protect the audience from guilt but the humorist from harm .
There is no need tormenting a man busy tormenting himself .
Self - deprecation is defensive .
It is a safety mechanism that has little to do with humility .
It takes a serious man to take himself not seriously .
For the audience , self - deprecation can also be vicarious .
The humor of Seinfeld is that we see bits of ourselves in every situation on the screen and laugh cathartically in much the same way we would watching video highlights of our most world - A moments .
We do so from the safety , comfort , and detachment of world B . Last but not least , self - deprecation can also be a vehicle for identity marking : one can affirm superiority via the exclusive ownership of certain lexical fragments ( the N - word ) or comedic licenses .
For a taste of the latter , see how Sarah Silverman , the comedic wrong - footing queen , uses the occasion of an " apology " to Asians to ridicule anti-Semitism :
" All the papers were calling me a racist , and it hurt , you know .
As a Jew , as a member of the Jewish community , I was really concerned .
You know , I was concerned that we were losing control of the media . "
Do not misconstrue the word superiority .
Ms Silverman does not think of herself as being superior any more than a basketball player does when he fakes a shot to drive around a guard and shoot a 3 - pointer .
At punch - line time , the humorist must claim the mantle of superiority : she must be the ruler of world B ( common sense ) and the slayer of world A ( fantasy of Jewish conspiracies ) .
The better humorist will share the victory spoils with the audience and have it believe it 's in on a secret code .
The lesser one will humiliate and gloat .
The audience might still laugh , but laughter is an unreliable gauge of humor .
Unless earned by uncoerced persuasion , humorological superiority is worth nothing .
That said , do n't delude yourself : to appreciate comedy will often require shooting your heart with novocaine .
II . Liberation Humor
M y second point concerns the common illusion that humor , especially of the transgressive kind , wields liberating power .
Like other art forms , comedy can challenge norms and influence attitudes , often for the good .
But there is something intrinsic to humor that makes it an unlikely vehicle for " liberation . "
( Not to be confused with " release " — comedy is big on purging . )
If humor could have a driving political purpose ( and I doubt that it can ) , it would have to reflect a certain totalitarian temptation .
Laughter is a reactionary impulse , and humor is , at its root , a call for order .
That it can be enlisted in worthy causes does n't mean it can easily wash off its original sin .
Crudely put , the humorist is a nag — or , to be technical about it , a law enforcement officer .
The law might be noble and good but humor never legislates : it enforces necessary norms by violating contingent ones .
The violation can be great fun — in fact , that 's the whole point — so the enforcement goes largely unnoticed .
But humor serves the same evolutionary function as physical pain .
It is an alarm bell .
As such , it is no more liberating than a wake - up call .
The confusion is understandable .
First , comedy targets power preferentially , but that 's only because power offers the highest vanity - to - compassion ratio , a humorological dream mix .
Second , transgressive humor may be seen as a threat to authority , but it comes way too preconditioned to be more than a mere nuisance .
The only power Lenny Bruce ever threatened was his own , notwithstanding the State 's overreaction , which was just that .
The reason is that comedy is a purchased license : it is the license society gives itself to explore the forbidden in public .
The transgression is therefore contractual .
Audiences pay good money to hear from comedians words they would never tolerate , even free of charge , from the man on the street .
Third , there is indeed an overrepresentation of the historically oppressed in comedy .
You do n't have to be oppressed to be funny , but it seems to help .
Yet one should not infer from it that humor seeks liberation from the jackboot .
Comedy may carve out a safe space that the oppressor cannot penetrate .
But freedom is not the purpose : protection is .
Humor is fundamentally about survival .
Cossack : " What 's the source of all evil ? "
Rabbi : " The Jews and the chimney sweeps . "
Cossack : " Why the chimney sweeps ? "
Rabbi : " Why the Jews ? "
The rabbi reacts to the trap laid for him by setting up his own .
He prods the cossack into displaying his anti-Semitism a second time .
That 's the rabbi's first act of retaliation .
The second one is to ask " Why the Jews ? " and beat the cossack at his own game .
But retaliation is not rebellion .
The rabbi is not jockeying for power or fighting for freedom .
He is merely playing a winning game .
He baits the ( world A ) cossack to step into world B only to expose his unfitness .
It 's superiority humor of the " survival of the fittest " kind .
The political implication is dreadful .
Not only does it reduce prejudice to illogic — if only those damn cossacks thought things through — but the competitive nature of the effort itself makes it a status quo joke .
" Brains vs Brawn " : 1 - 1 . Which begs the question :
Is everything all right then ?
You oppress me but I outwit you .
Shall we call it a draw ?
There 's an old principle underpinning humor that goes back to Kant and even Aristotle ( two famous comics ) : incongruity .
I do n't like the word much because it 's too coarse to carry much explanatory punch — there is just too much congruous humor and unfunny incongruity out there .
I prefer the image of two clashing worlds .
Humor usually requires a narrative that climaxes in an unexpected collision between two independent universes .
There 's nothing intrinsically funny about a pair of colliding worlds , so humor assigns specific roles to them .
Often first on the scene , world A is characteristically dreamy , cartoonish , fantastic , playful , fanciful , expectative , and ruled by its own idealized laws .
World B , on the other hand , is the dull backwater of common sense , physical law , submission to order , determinism , logic , immutability , or perhaps even sheer , dreary survivability .
World A is ruled by human agency , often endowed with an automaton - like quality .
( Note that humor is always human : a landscape is never funny . )
World B is under the iron rule of a nonnegotiable force : logic , physics , shame , etc .
Although the force is unassailable , it is often socially desirable .
( Note that this classification exempts humor based on wordplay , puzzles , or misunderstandings , all types in which this essay is not particularly interested , anyway . )
Why does your heart need a dose of novocaine ?
Because humor must knock down empathy in order to kill fantasy .
For an illustration of this in cartoon comedy , try this one :
" So , Doc , how bad is it ? "
" It 's bad .
There 's no cure .
There 's not even a race for the cure . "
With suitable bedside manner getting compassion out of the way , fantasy is next on the chopping block : the target is the loony idea that to cure a terminal disease one should run around the block like a madman to save pennies for the cause .
The unassailable forces are biology and realism .
( There 's more to the joke but that will do . )
World B is stealthy and its governing law self - evident .
This is necessary because it usually appears only in the punch line and , therefore , must require no introduction .
It 's hard to crack a racial joke if the audience is still unsure whether racism is a bad thing .
( This is true whether the joke is racist or anti-racist . )
Most comedy is based on denied anticipation .
To make world B a crash site and deny the audience 's expectation of a soft landing , comedy , being contextual , must rely on an unspoken code .
This is necessary because a joke can be told or explained but not both .
Ingredients of surprise and suddenness are key to a successful crash .
" Have you lived in Boston all your life ? "
" Not yet . "
Peremptory claims look more impressive unencumbered by evidence .
They 're not nearly as persuasive , however , so let me try to argue my case .
Grown - up humor feeds so voraciously at the trough of morality ( more on this complex relationship below ) that it is best to begin with children 's jokes , if only to appreciate why humor is , fundamentally , the extinction of fantasy .
Tell a 2 - year old that in your house there is a polar bear who sleeps in the fridge ( world A ) .
She 'll open her eyes big and wide and go " Wow ! "
Yes , Virginia , there 's a world out there where polar bears live in refrigerators , and it's all seriously exciting stuff .
No joke !
World B does not stand a chance .
Now try your polar bear story on Charlotte , who's 4 .
No " Wow " from her .
Unlike her younger sister , Charlotte will laugh out loud .
Why ?
Ask her and she 'll say : " A polar bear is too big to sleep in the fridge . "
Fantasy and physics clashed briefly in Charlotte 's mind , and physics won : the humor did n't merely result from the triumph of order over imagination : it was the triumph of order over imagination .
No world B victory , no laugh .
( Why humor makes us breathe faster and emit strange sounds is a tension / release mystery that I 'll leave to evolutionary biologists . )
Does that mean Virginia did n't perceive the same clash ?
She did .
But , swayed by the storyteller 's talents of persuasion , she decided on a different outcome : fantasy beat reality .
World A won .
For Virginia , fantasy is no laughing matter .
It 's a little scary , in fact .
Who are you to be bending the laws of physics and squeeze bears into refrigerators ?
Things get tricky with the grown - ups .
So let 's begin with the granddaddy of comic scenes .
An Olympic marathon runner slips on a banana peel right at the starting line .
Not so funny if he 's a paralympics contestant who falls off his wheelchair at the start of the race ( at least not until transgressive reflexivity has taught us it's all right to laugh , but let 's not get ahead of ourselves . )
It 's still pretty cruel , though , to laugh at a runner who falls flat on his face .
But with the proper emotional detachment boosted by the right narrative — say , the marathoner is an arrogant stiff — it becomes easier to loosen one 's moral shackles and laugh .
The banana 's cult status in comedy also helps ( perhaps the sole exception to the rule that objects can't be funny ) .
What are the colliding worlds ?
An Olympic marathoner is possessed with uncommon ambition and determination .
He dreams of gold medals , glory , and all that fantastic world A stuff .
Trouble is , it all comes crashing against the dull , dreary world B ruled by Newton 's law and gooey fruit waste .
To laugh is to bow to gravity against human aspiration .
For humor is not simply observing two clashing worlds : it 's taking sides .
It 's making world B your home team .
To laugh is to side with the natural order of things .
Humor is a conservative magnet , a submission to a higher force .
After all , you 're not taking on the mighty Isaac Newton or the greedy Chiquita Banana , are you ?
You 're laughing at a poor bloke whose life dream has just been shattered .
Why ?
To practice your survival skills in recognition of the world - B reality that gravity kills but marathoners do n't .
For a more subtle take on this , try this joke from the " Who are you going to believe , me or your lying eyes ? " genus :
Al comes to the rescue of his friend , Bill , who 's stuck in his car after a bad crash .
" Bill , are you still alive ? "
A plaintive voice replies : " Yes , I am . "
" Thank goodness !
But you 're such a liar , Bill , I do n't really know whether to believe you . "
On Planet Al , unusual for world A , logic rules .
Of course , it 's faulty logic and it is its precedence over the obvious reality that Bill is , indeed , alive that makes
Al 's world cartoonish and " mechanistic " ( to use Bergson 's classic characterization of humor ) .
The friendship , the pain , and the anxiety of a car crash make the contrast with the cold logic and prudence of Al all the more dramatic .
The flawed logic hits hard because one can easily imagine Al walking away from the scene .
So the pull toward common sense is amplified by the unfolding drama .
At the same time , Al 's fantasy world fails in an exquisitely clever way .
Living liars can't be trusted , which is fine .
But Al extends that predicate to dead liars , which is creative .
That 's the cleverness part of the joke .
But there 's another way to look at it .
In his world A , Al is actually showing great courtesy by extending to the dead the laws of the living : it 's insane but it 's generous .
We laugh because we recognize that life is too serious to be left in the hands of cartoon characters : a wise , conservative reaction .
Comedy can be adventurous and taboo - breaking but humor itself , to serve its evolutionary purpose , must remain risk averse .
The consensual , unexamined dominance of world B serves a normative function , typically as a social corrective .
It may all seem a bit of a paradox .
A humorless society would be dreary — laughably so .
Comedic intentionality challenges orthodoxies , power , prejudice , and , with its attention to the unseen , sharpens one 's critical sense .
Humor amuses and cleanses at the same time .
Not bad .
But humor is merely a call to reality , a sanity check .
It abhors denial .
If your soul aches , humor is there to remind you lest you forget .
Sure , it 'll scratch you where it itches , but it 'll also wake you up in the middle of the night just to wish you a good night 's sleep .
Yes , it 's that type .
Humor is counter - rebellion against the fantastic and the illusory .
The confusion has two sources : one is that fantasy can be both wonderful ( " I 'll cure cancer " ) and foul ( " I'm the Master of the Universe " ) ; the other is that the " unassailable " world - B force to which humor is the handmaiden is typically consensual .
One rarely minds being enslaved to logic , realism , simplicity , common sense , humility , etc .
The force has two characteristics : it is amoral and necessary ( ie , you do n't get to choose it ) .
This is a key point .
Humor can challenge immorality only for the wrong reasons .
Bad -vs - Good is never funny .
Bad -vs - Right is .
Remember the cossack .
We did n't laugh because of his prejudice but because of his inconsistency .
The implication is unequivocal : if the cossack would just be rational , his anti-Semitism would vanish .
This may appear naive .
Not so .
The rabbi was only trying to score points .
In the same vein , the subliminal message of the Colbert - Stewart style of political comedy is that , if only Bush were smart , articulate , and competent , then everything would be all right ( when , in fact , everything would be even worse ) .
The role of morality in humor is subtle .
Jokes often double as morality tales , yet moralizing is a yawn .
So morality can only be a stage - setter .
But humor does not do rehab .
It does retributive , not reparative , justice — just as you would expect from a conservative law enforcement vehicle .
As such , it rewards your moral impulse by indulging your mean streak .
Like rewarding an alcoholic for staying away from the stuff by giving him a beer .
Despite the saying that performance is what we call comedy that bombs , there is a prevalent confusion in this area that I 'd rather sidestep .
So I 'll focus on humor , spoken or written , that transcends its delivery ; in other words , I 'll confine the discussion to the funny that remains so even if you can only read it .
I realize this excludes the large segment of American stand - up that relies on abjection , power reversal , metajokes , narcissism , forbidden impulses , alienation , performance therapy , and other theatrical modes of self - expression .
I 'll conflate jokes , wit , and humor , which is regrettable but fine nonetheless , as no theory that did not survive such conflation could be worth much , anyway .
Transgressive humor lives off the very existence of the norms that it seeks to violate .
It demands taboos that it can then heroically break .
Hippies meant to be transgressive : they tried to change norms and they were utterly humorless about it .
But when Sarah Silverman ( a rare natural comic ) describes her " final solution " for AIDS patients , she 's being merely superior :
" If we can put a man on the moon , then we should be able to put a man with AIDS on the moon .
And then we should be able to put all men with AIDS on the moon . "
It 's double entrapment disguised as transgression .
The joke is a dialogue based on sudden cognitive shifts , with one part written in invisible ink .
Here are the missing lines :
" If we can put a man on the moon [ " Oh no , what cliché is coming next ? " ] , then we should be able to put a man with AIDS on the moon [ " Huh ?
But , hey , why not ?
cool of you to think that way " ] .
And then we should be able to put all men with AIDS on the moon . "
[ " Will laughing make me a jerk , too ? " ] .
The denied anticipation is brutal .
But why the cruelty ?
Because Ms Silverman wants to tell you that she , unlike you presumably , is so accepting of AIDS victims that she 'll treat them like anybody else .
You wo n't catch her babytalking seniors .
That her stand may be , beyond its odious ways , honorable is entirely accidental .
Her jokes work because they are clever ( and she delivers them well ) , but her role model is Michael Jordan , not Mother Teresa .
Her aim is superiority , not morality .
As it should be .
The only thing more amusing than the tactical positioning of a comedian on the moral chessboard is that anyone should take it seriously .
Ms Silverman seeks no one 's moral edification other than her own .
There , she is only being true to the narcissistic essence of comedy .
Comedy 's normative mode is ecologically parasitic .
It feeds off society 's darker compromises by making social commentary its primary vehicle , not its primary function .
Of course , social commentary as an end in itself can be funny , too ( eg , Swift , Wilde , Twain ) .
Humor , indeed , can be used as universal seasonings .
But whether served as comedy or condiments , humor 's ambition is to change facial expressions , not society .
The contextual dependency can hardly be overestimated .
Some humor is universal but most of it is not .
George Carlin 's nightmare probably featured a New York Times announcement that the " F - word " would now be spelled " fuck . "
Hans Christian Andersen was lucky not to live in a nudist colony , or his story about an emperor having no clothes might not have gotten the same attention .
Puritanism and sexual humor are the two sides of the same coin .
Get rid of one and , poof , the other 's gone , too .
Juvenile societies like ours , ie , sexually repressed and anatomically obsessed , fuel their comedy with bodily functions , but for bonobos I suspect the humor gets lost in translation .
( Mere speculation on my part , of course . )
OK , it would n't be fair to leave this statement gender - neutral since it's without a doubt the Y - chromosome that drags down the average emotional age of comedy .
It 's not even cultural ( pace male comics ) — it 's molecular .
Satire exposes the absurd in the social and political spheres while leaving the nonabsurd hidden .
Eye - opening and inspiring though it may be , it is still based on a deception : just because A is bad does not mean that not - A is better .
In fact , A might be an ugly compromise that allows humans to get by , whereas world B , unexplained and unchallenged , might be hellish .
A society without white lies would be unlivable — when a homely girl asks you if she 's pretty , are you supposed to say no ?
Uncompromising humor can be quite funny , but its pleasures are tainted .
Jon Stewart 's comedy is innocuous but the authoritarian temptation in Bill Maher 's anti-religious rants is unmistakable .
Mr Maher knows that religious belief is so world A .
But then he goes on to postulate a world B of metaphysical common sense , as though there were such a thing .
He forgets that the obvious is not the sole alternative to the absurd .
Why is religious belief , which he rightly calls superstition , any less world B than the myths that claim squatter 's rights in his own psyche ?
Does n't Mr Maher celebrate birthdays and frown upon cannibalism ?
What 's rational about that ?
His selective , wholesale ridiculing of the sacred stems from a totalitarian impulse .
And I say this as someone who appears to share most of Mr Maher 's views on organized religion .
Humor is an alarm bell , an attention - grabbing signifier with no particular signified .
Bill Maher and Sacha Baron Cohen ( Borat ) make the same mistake of imparting a comedic signified where there is none .
Jon Stewart makes the opposite mistake : an unwillingness to follow through with noncomedic substance .
As he readily admits , he wo n't let a serious thread run for more than 2 minutes without killing it with a joke .
In his own words , it 's " only " a comedy show .
Indeed , and Paris Hilton is " only " a bimbo .
Selling short is still fashionable in some circles , I guess .
Humor will not make you think : it will merely suggest that you should do so .
Good comedy should be an appetizer that stimulates your appetite .
But late - night TV comedy is digestive , dessert - time humor .
To go to battle , you need compassion , courage , outrage , and , preferably , a plan .
And , oh yes , please bring humor along just in case you lose .
III .
Reflexivity
M y third point is existential .
Human beings are deeply ridiculous creatures .
The ultimate joke is our very existence .
The majesty of horses , seagulls , and house cats reminds me that dignity and laughter do n't go together well , do they ?
Superiority theory tells me humor is suspicious and a guilty pleasure .
Yet is there any doubt that it empowers ?
Humans can't fly on their own but they can be funny , which is the closest approximation .
And do n't forget that humor is universal : one can laugh about anything .
Sweet .
I 've managed in these last 3 sentences to shatter my entire cosmology of humor .
For example , I argued earlier that immorality could n't be funny .
At first blush , this seems plausible .
How many Hitler jokes mock his height , moustache , and barking oratory rather than his unfathomable evil ?
( Hint : evil ca n't be mocked . )
But reflexivity changes everything : that is the self - awareness that allows us to inject ourselves into the narrative of humor , fully conscious of the embedding .
It elevates humor to heights inconceivable without it .
A friend walks into Niels Bohr 's office and spots a horseshoe hanging on the wall : " Niels , you do n't believe in that sort of thing , do you ? "
" Of course not , but I hear it works even if you do n't believe in it . "
Humor is like sneezing .
It 's brief and hard to control .
( Laughing is a different matter altogether .
Comedians with no recorded ability to craft a funny line have been known to keep audiences in stitches with a creepy " laugh or you die " shtick . )
Like a Charlie Parker solo , a lonely joke or a witty quip can pack a lot of drama .
Although the punch line tends to be " atomic " — it 's really a punch point — the clash behind it can be ambiguous and multi- threaded .
The buildup may contain a multitude of intertwined strands .
A joke is a tiny ( counter ) revolution as well as a tiny play .
I mean " play " in both senses of the word : theater and game .
When Ricky Gervais pokes fun at the Book of Genesis for having us believe that God created the heaven and the earth before light , who is he mocking ?
The joke is that it's hard enough to build the cosmos out of nothing ; now imagine doing it in the dark !
Is Gervais mocking the bible , Christian fundamentalists , himself ( reflexively ) , his audience ?
Where is the clash ?
Is it between the fantasy of Genesis and the commonsensical difficulty of working in the dark ?
Perhaps .
Yet , at the instant of laughter , it is you , the audience , not God , who 's trying to build that cosmos .
So maybe the clash is about the irrelevance of worrying about such a trivial matter as lighting conditions when your job assignment is to build the planets .
The point is that there is a clash somewhere , or perhaps several of them , and it does n't matter a whit if we do n't know for sure .
Rowan Atkinson , as the devil , welcomes the dead to hell :
" Atheists , please move over here .
Perhaps feeling a bit like a bunch of nitwits , no ? "
Many " wars of the worlds " there : the falsifiability of theology ; the arrogance of atheists ; the superstition of believers ; the incongruity of a humorous Satan ; etc .
Some jokes can be read in many different ways and still be funny .
Reflexivity relies crucially on that attribute .
But what is it ?
First I 'll tell you what it 's not .
Tony Blair once said :
" I do n't make predictions .
I never have and I never will . "
The statement is self - referential but the humor ( such as it is ) is not reflexive .
Reflexivity requires self - awareness ( which would be asking too much of Tony Blair ) .
A Broadway play contains this line :
" Bye - bye , hope to see you again soon . "
" Well , it 's a small cast . "
Cute , reflexive humor .
Unlike self - deprecation , where the clone of yourself enters in no particular dialectical interplay with the original , reflexivity depends critically on a tightly coupled interaction between the mirrored image and its source .
The best kind of reflexivity is suggested , not explicit as in the Broadway play .
A man is led to execution on monday morning and sighs , " What a way to start the week ! "
This joke is the template for hundreds of others .
( Too bad Bill Clinton forever crippled it by attending the execution of a retarded death - row inmate in Arkansas , who famously requested that the pudding served at his last dinner be saved for later . )
It is reflexive because the primary interpretation , abject foolishness , quickly gives way to a second one , the feigning of abject foolishness , so the joke becomes a joke about a joke .
A more potent brew from the same pot :
Chaim and Shlomo are being asked by the SS officer to dig their graves before being shot .
Chaim says to his friend : " I am not going to dig my own grave ! "
Shlomo replies to him : " Come on , Chaim , we 're in enough trouble as it is .
Dig that grave . "
The horror of the backdrop is entirely plausible , yet the humor is irresistible .
So , is the SS officer the only monster here ?
What about the narrator ?
What about us ?
The joke is a mirror that reflects a disturbing image of ourselves .
There is the obvious clash of the worlds .
Like in the monday - execution joke , world A is ruled by Shlomo 's flawed logic .
But then there 's the added poignancy of a child 's voice .
Shlomo may be an adult but his logic is unmistakably that of a schoolchild .
Anyone fearful of getting a higher - up cross can still hear in his head the voice of his mother on his first day of school : " Make a good impression on your teacher .
Do just as she says .
Promise ? "
That the " teacher " is , in this case , a murderous sadist is spine - chilling .
Shlomo 's childish fantasy planet collides with a world B where appeasing monsters is futile .
The joke features a particular brand of self - deprecation that is a signature of Jewish humor .
Although I suspect this is an updated Yiddish joke that predates the Holocaust , the context of the self - deprecation matters greatly .
It 's a " double - down " slam against the charge that Jews walked to Auschwitz like lambs to the slaughter .
One can almost hear the narrator riff off the anti-Semitic trope : " Actually , we did n't just dig the graves ; we also bought every SS officer in the Fatherland a shovel for Christmas . "
( As in the car crash joke , imaginary follow - ups , whether conscious or not , play a key supporting role . )
Then there 's the implicit reflexivity .
The humor is so outré that the listener can only laugh in a state of self - awareness .
This , in turn , forces a recasting of Shlomo from his role as an endearing simpleton into an avatar for the heroic narrator .
Why heroic ?
Because gentle nitwits with maternal voices in their heads just can't be allowed to dig their own graves before being shot .
So , the narrator is really mocking the scene .
( Without reflexivity , this transformation is absolutely impossible : there 's not a hint of mockery in the text . )
But only a hero jokes while facing death .
In the world A of warfare , he who decides death has the last word .
In this world B , he who can joke before dying has the last word .
You may kill me but I will laugh while you do so .
There is a qualitative difference with the cossack joke .
This is no longer about scoring points .
I ridicule the killing , not the killer ; I do so not to diminish it but to vanquish it .
Illusory though it all might be , we 're back in survival territory .
This new , reflexive world B is evolutionarily absurd .
Does this contradict my claim of humor as survival practice ?
No .
Granted , to have the last joke before it's all over does not exactly give you a selective advantage ( as is fully expected of world B ) .
But to live aware that you can just might .
A good analogy is Stoic philosophy , which promoted the idea of suicide for the power it bestowed upon its holder .
That does not mean Epictetus ran up and down the Appian Way urging people to jump out of windows .
He simply pointed out the benefit of keeping the option open .
The SS joke features both superiority and abjection .
But reflexivity does n't stop there .
You can easily step back again and wonder what kind of vain heroism you 've just constructed .
This produces an iterative dialectic that can go on as far as your imagination allows .
Reflexivity gives humor its universal power by making it its own subject matter .
The humorist always has the last word — I 'm looking at you , Lenny Bruce and Bill Hicks .
You can take anything , even a joke , shrink - wrap it , joke about it , and then rinse and repeat , fully conscious of the recursivity .
In Atkinson 's hell skit , we get to play God .
In the SS joke , we get to be God .
By looking death in the eye and cracking a joke , we declare a meta-victory over all that stands in the way .
Humor is no longer about world B , it is world B .
Through the sheer power of reflexivity , humor itself has become the unassailable force .
And that 's no joke .
— Bernard Chazelle
Flights Tickets To Sydney
Glitters and glitterati all seamlessly blend to lend a cult status to Australia 's emerald city , Sydney !
Surf , sand and sun sums up this lively , dynamic city like no other .
A mosaic of vibrant colours and shades , the destination impresses with stimulating collection of legendary landmarks , golden sands and exciting surfs !
Quite naturally , tickets deals on Australia bound flights to Sydney rank among the most searched travel tickets on the Internet .
Mere mention of the city conjures up images of the spectacular Sydney Harbour Bridge and the Opera House !
The opportunity to kayak around or take an early - dinner sunset cruise on the awe - inspiring Sydney Harbour , watching the city glimmering in its indescribable radiance is what most holidaymakers booking tickets on flights to this metropolis dream of .
However , spending on flights tickets to the city means so much more that travellers are often faced with the problem of plenty !
Bondi and Manly beaches are ever buzzing hubs for thrill seekers and sun worshippers in the whole of Australia .
Swim laps at Icebergs pool or stretching legs along the coastal walk to Coogee leave a calming spell for those seeking non-beach pursuits !
Arty souls and cultural enthusiasts spending on flights tickets here have a fine spread of interesting art galleries and museums of Australia to explore .
The Rocks is one of Sydney 's most vibrant and most visited areas located close to the harbour .
With the quaint old world charm and the culturally rich side , historic buildings , and galleries and museums blending interestingly with the contemporary cafes and restaurants , tourist shops and stalls , the Rocks is a must for vacationers taking flights tickets to Australia and arriving in Sydney .
Darling Harbour is another one of Sydney 's most happening places attracting hordes of tourists who take flight tickets to the city and look for some riveting entertainment .
Foodies spending on tickets aboard flights to Sydney have countless restaurant and eating joints all over to tantalize their taste buds .
Some of the popular ones can be spotted along the East Circular Quay enroute to the Sydney Opera House .
Wildlife lovers can come nose to nose with fascinating animal species at incredible Taronga Zoo !
Those travelling on Sydney flights seeking gripping nightlife pursuits can dive into the lively frenzy of the iconic Opera house !
Kings Cross , though exhibits the sleazy side of the city with strip clubs and tacky night clubs and bars , the precinct is slowly evolving into a popular city neighbourhood with trendy cafes and a host of restaurants , bars , and cheap hotels in certain parts of the region and in the nearby Darlinghurst .
There are a number of exclusive bars and clubs located across the city to guzzle down some drinks and dance to some great music .
Australia 's fun loving destination simply teems with scores of riveting possibilities for lavish as well as budget vacationers seeking cheap flights and package deals .
To book your cheap tickets to Sydney call Southall Travel .
Read more ...
Here ’s an O.K. video featuring Hernando de Soto , on shantytowns and the global countereconomy :
I say that the video is just O.K. because it ’s a good introduction to the situation ( which is important and interesting , and which de Soto has done a lot of really fascinating work on ) , but it flounders around with some weak reformist platitudes when it comes to figuring out what to make of the situation , and where to go from it .
In the presence of a massive exercise of countereconomic industry and ingenuity , De Soto rightly sees that government paper mazes and the government force which back them up have constrained extralegal workers — marginalizing their livelihoods , burning out their homes and property , and excluding them from access to sustaining and stabilizing resources like capital , credit , and reliable arbitration of disputes .
Extralegal workers have responded by creating their own parallel cities and institutions through which they can produce non-statist alternatives — proudly unauthorized homes , neighborhoods , cities , informal microcredit , contracts , and ad hoc private mediation .
It has allowed the poorest and most marginalized and exploited people in the world to build thriving parallel metropolises up from nothing , sometimes numbering in the millions of people , through their own labor and creativity out of little more than cardboard and scrap wood .
That ’s awesome .
( It ’s awesome because people are awesome . )
Faced with indifferent or hostile governments and exploitative plutocrats , workers respond with all kinds of hustle and creativity to make a living for themselves anyway beyond the sight or the control of state authorization .
De Soto , seeing all this , is right to think it ’s awesome — but then he ca n’t think of anything better to say or do about it than to suggest that we should reward them by straightening out and simplifying the government paper so that what they do can be incorporated into the straight economy and they can all get government paper just like the rest of us .
If people ’s livelihoods are extralegal , then the idea is that we should legalize them , so that they can be folded , stamped , taxed , and regulated just like the rest of us — because ( we are told ) we need them as much as they need us .
If you ’re wondering about all those scare - quotes , they ’re there because the we in de Soto ’s sentence does n’t really mean us .
It ’s a false we , the statist we , which people in the legally - regulated straight economy all too often use to grab at an illusion of control , and thus to identify themselves with their own oppressors .
One result of which is dull reformist proposals , which have nothing better than legalization to propose as a solution to the problems that arise from living outside the government law .
It ’s not just that legalization campaigns mostly do n’t work . [ ]
And it ’s not just that their end results will inevitably be to sink millions more people into a slightly - liberalized version of the same exploitative government - corporate bureau - economy that legalized workers are already sunk into . [ ]
The real problem here is that legalization is just plain boring , and lazy , as a recommendation .
It ’s always supposedly motivated by a concern for practicality — but practically speaking , what illegalized people need is not to get good and legalized like everyone else .
What they need is not government recognition , it ’s social solidarity and minimal security .
Specifically , security against the threat of government violence against those who do n’t have official papers .
And there are two ways to try and get that .
One way is to try to get everybody papers .
The other way is to make it so that you do n’t need papers to live your life .
The first approach — the out of the shadows sort of approach — treats poor people as if what they ’ve built for themselves is n’t good enough , as if they need to be admitted to the legally - authorized official economy in order for what they do to matter .
The second approach says that what poor people have built is not just some half - real shadow economy , but a real social achievement worth defending .
De Soto has it exactly wrong : the regulated economy depends on black markets and spontaneous economies to keep from imploding under its own bureaucratic weight .
But the countereconomy does n’t need the regulated economy at all .
Or , more to the point , it does n’t need the regulators .
Instead of protecting people ’s homes and livelihoods with government paper , they can be protected by organized people , We need new techniques , new institutions , and new social relationships that will ultimately help us to insure against , to evade , to undermine , to resist , and ultimately to disarm government coercion when it comes for our homes or our jobs .
Barn - raising instead of bank credit to build unlicensed homes , and social solidarity and people - powered blockades to protect them from government demolitions .
Tools for confidential exchanges , underground communication , and mediation outside of political courts .
Networks for wildcat strikes and boycotts and shop floor actions to resolve labor disputes rather than bureaucratic arbitration .
Solidarity and safety can really mean anything your awesomeness can devise ; but it sure does n’t need to mean more government paper .
We do n’t need their stinking legality .
What we need is a consensual alternative .
There ai n’t nothing wrong with illegality that ca n’t be fixed with more extralegal grassroots social organization .
Do n’t legalize ; organize .
See also :
Foreign Kleptocrats And Former Dictators Living Large Abroad
Too often in our societies , which value more what people have than what people are , money can get people to be complacent to corruption , and even crimes for the sake of profit and greed .
Deposed foreign leaders , formers dictators and even mass murderers end up quite often in safe heavens such as Europe or America , enjoying the “ life style of the rich and famous ” with blood money stolen from their people .
France , Haiti and Jean - Claude “ Baby Doc ” Duvalier
After the death of his father in 1971 , Baby Doc Duvalier came to power at the age of nineteen .
Duvalier was n’t interested in politics or improving the fate of Haitians .
Instead Baby
Doc lived lavishly at the expense of his people , while his mother continued to enforce , often brutally with the Tontons Macoute , his father ’s criminal policies .
Baby Doc life style was funded by the Duvalier fortune .
In addition to his father ’s theft , much of the family ’s fortune came from the Regie Du Tabac , a pre-existing governmental tobacco monopoly which Baby Doc extended to include other governmental companies .
Despite outbreaks of the African Swine Flue and AIDS , Baby Doc continued to steal with impunity from Haitians .
Finally , in autumn 1985 the Haitian people revolted against Baby Doc ’s brutal regime , and in February 1986 Baby Doc stepped down from power and fled to France with his family to enjoy the good life while leaving Haiti in a pathetic state of endemic poverty .
Some of Baby Doc ’s ill acquired assets are still in Swiss bank accounts where they have been frozen since 1986 .
Recently , the Swiss Federal Court has ruled that the $ 5.7 million kept by the Duvaliers in Swiss bank accounts “ cannot be returned to Haiti , due to a lack of criminal procedure against Mr. Duvalier in that country ” .
Swiss legislation allows for assets recovery procedures without a conviction in the victim country only when the assets are held by a criminal organization .
Meanwhile , former dictator Baby Doc lives in exile in Paris .
Haiti ’s former corrupt and brutal ruler , now 59 , seems to have “ acquired ” a conscience in his older years .
After the earthquake , Duvalier pledged to give $ 8 million to the Red Cross for the relief effort in the island .
The recluse Duvalier sent an email to the press .
“ In these hours of great national distress , my thoughts go out to the wounded , the victims , particularly the children and the youth .
Haitian people , I know your extraordinary courage , selflessness and the sacrifices that you are capable of to save our country , ” wrote Duvalier on January 15 .
The criminal regimes of both Baby Doc and his father is said to have killed at least 40,000 of their political opponents while they were in power .
Haiti ’s chaotic and poverty - stricken recent history can be squarely blamed on the Duvaliers .
It is estimated that when he left his Presidential Palace for exile in 1986 , Baby Doc drained $ 350 million from Haiti ’s treasury .
The Reagan administration was instrumental in helping Duvalier obtain an exile status in France .
The US And Equatorial Guinea Corrupt Regime
Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) Chris Albin- Lackey just exposed , in a report , another moral scandal of the same nature than the one concerning Duvalier .
Albin- Lackey discovered that the son of one of the world ’s most corrupt leader , Teodoro Nguema Obiang , just bought a mansion in Malibu , California , for the astronomical amount of $ 30 Million .
“ Does all this sound legal ?
Well it is .
In a meticulous documented report , US Congressional investigators recently showed how legal loopholes and lax regulations let foreign kleptocrats treat America like a carefree shopping paradise while their people starve back home , ” writes Albin - Lackey .
A Lack Of Global Morality
Turning a blind eye on the most basic morality for the sake of commerce and greed should not be legal either in France , in the case of Duvalier , in the US or anywhere else for that matter .
We are , as a global community , rewarding criminals and former dictators which should be prosecuted instead of living a life of luxury built on the suffering of their people .
Baby Doc ’s assets should have being seized and returned to Haiti right away in 1986 .
But unfortunately “ money talks ” and buys silence if not respect from countries such as France , the US and Switzerland .
Editor ’s Note : Please follow The News Junkie Post on Twitter .
The Nexus One is an over - hyped Android phone .
But that does n't stop it from being the best Android phone .
It is , for two reasons : Hardware and software .
Advertisement
Despite the buzz , it 's not revolutionary , certainly not because of the way it 's being sold — unlocked for $ 530 or subsidized , with a T - Mobile contract for $ 180 .
Sure , Google created its own web store that breaks the act of purchasing the device away from choosing a carrier — it'll soon even be sold by Google for use on the Verizon network .
But people have been doing this for years by buying unlocked GSM phones from Nokia and Sony Ericsson and hooking them on to any GSM provider .
It 's just not the giant step forward that everyone was expecting .
Advertisement
Specs
Quickly , the specs .
The Nexus One — built for Google by HTC — has a 1GHz Snapdragon processor , 512MB RAM , 32 GB - capable microSD slot , a 3.7 - inch AMOLED capacitive touchscreen display at 800x480 , a 5 - megapixel camera with LED flash and 720x480 video capture @ 20FPS , dual microphones for noise canceling and a trackball .
There is no slide - out keyboard — everything 's done with the onscreen virtual keyboard .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
On paper , those specs are impressive .
In actuality , each bit has its own quirk that makes the Nexus One less than perfect and just good .
The 5 - megapixel camera is built by HTC in such a way that the bezel around the ring juts out noticeably from the otherwise smooth back .
The bulge protrudes just enough to either scratch surfaces that it 's placed on , like your glass table or your laptop , or even scratch the lens if you 're unlucky enough to rub it over something rough .
The AMOLED screen is gorgeous , and all the colors pop to the point that it makes both the iPhone 3GS and the Droid look washed out .
It 's really , really good .
And it has a generous 480x800 resolution — slightly shorter than the Droid's , but still very ample for a phone , when compared to the iPhone 's 320x480 .
But , again , as good as the screen looks , it does n't have multitouch support in the US .
No matter what the reason for that is , it 's frustrating to the end user .
But , on the bright side , every input you 're giving it is more responsive than on the Droid , because of the improved internals .
Advertisement
Nexus One Totally Does Multitouch ... in Europe Just like the Droid before it , the Nexus One 's European version has perfect , glorious pinch - to - zoom Read more
Design
The Nexus One is probably HTC 's best looking phone to date .
The body is made up of two different materials : a metallic bezel that surrounds the front and side of the phone , which curves around to a custom - engraveable strip on the back .
The battery cover and bottom of the phone are both covered in a rubbery plastic material that 's solid and grippy , yet soft and pleasant .
It 's also thinner and lighter and curvier than the iPhone 3GS , and is much less sharp and masculine than the Droid .
Advertisement
Besides the requisite power and volume rocker buttons , there are five " buttons " on the face : one trackball and four haptic - based touch buttons .
The trackball is basically useless — you 'll only use it for its color - based notifications that tell you that you have a new email , text message or missed call without having to turn on the screen .
As for using it as a scrolling device , the fact that scrolling around the OS or a webpage gives you inconsistent results depending on what " element " of the screen you land on means the ball is essentially useless for navigation .
However , you will have to use it for text selection , because you can't hold your finger down to move the cursor — you have to use the ball to navigate to exactly where you want .
Advertisement
The four touch buttons for homescreen , back , menu and search do have haptic feedback when you hit them , but they 're not that phenomenal either .
Half the time they do n't register a press when you want them to , and the other half of the time they think you 're hitting it when you just wrapped your hand around the phone slightly too far .
You do n't get a rocker switch for silencing the phone without looking , like on the Pre or the iPhone , but you can do the same thing quickly from the lock screen by swiping across the screen to the left .
( Swiping to the right unlocks the phone . )
Advertisement
Software
The Nexus One runs on Android 2.1 , which will make its way to many other phones , like the Droid , fairly soon .
This means that all these great features will be available on some older phones — HTC and Moto for sure — so you may not have to buy all new hardware to take advantage of these capabilities .
And take advantage you will .
Advertisement
As soon as you turn on the phone you 'll notice the live wallpapers , which are essentially animated backgrounds that you can interact with .
They 're fairly useless , even if there are a couple that retrieve data in realtime , like blades of grass against a sky that mimics the actual time of day , or an analog sound meter whose needle moves to the music you 're playing .
The other guys at Giz put it this way :
There 's no reason for something like this to exist , and it sucks up your battery unnecessarily , but it might be the single coolest reason to get this phone right now .
This same engineer - driven " can we do this ? " paradigm is evident in other parts of Android 2.1 as well .
The photo gallery thumbnails tilt into or out of the screen as you tilt the phone , which is superfluous and fairly distracting .
And the apps screen is even worse .
You bring it up by hitting the apps button , which zooms the icons in in 3D .
Then , instead of just quickly scrolling onto or off the screen , it wraps around as if on the surface of a cube .
This would be fine if the extra 3D effect — added because they can — did n't cause any slowdown , but it does .
There 's a noticeable lag when you 're flipping up , which makes us wish Google had eliminated the effect and let you just scroll through your programs in 2D .
Advertisement
These effects are definitely cool , do n't get me wrong , but I 'd prefer it of Google was spending its man hours on improving speed and performance ( and getting multitouch on its apps ) than putting in eye candy that does n't help usability .
Advertisement
But things are n't all bad .
There 's a new beta-ish version of voice recognition that lets you speak into almost any text field ( the names field in email is n't included for some reason , whereas the name field in text messages are ) .
Voice search works about 80 % of the time , but you have to speak slowly and enunciate everything , and pronounce marks .
And it does n't recognize some proper nouns , transcribing " Jesus " ( pronounced the Spanish way ) to " Hey Zeus , " Bruce Willis style .
The major downside is that all the voice transcription is done in the cloud — you know , it 's Google — so you have to have a net connection to use it .
It 's awesome to dictate text messages or emails , though I probably talk too fast and mumble too much for this to work well .
Advertisement
We 're still not big fans of typing on Android 's virtual keyboard .
Sure , the keys are actually responsive now , thanks to the muscle of the 1GHz Snapdragon processor , but somehow Google 's word prediction still lags behind the iPhone 's , and gives you strange options for when you 're typing really fast on the phone .
It 's less of a blast - and - forget than Apple 's virtual keyboards .
And , coming from the iPhone , the keys here are spaced a bit too close together and a bit too tight , but if you actually prefer the iPhone 's style , you can download " Better Keyboard " from the Android Marketplace .
Real - World Use
It 's fast fast fast .
Part of this is due to performance gains just from using Android 2.1 — people who 've hacked 2.1 onto the Droid have mentioned better speeds — but a lot of it is the 1GHz processor .
Every single aspect of the phone is affected when you have faster hardware on board .
Advertisement
Battery life lasts around a day with normal use , which includes calling , browsing , Google Mapping , push Gmailing and clothed sexting .
That 's on par with other smartphones now , and wo n't see much change until we get a dramatic boost in battery technology .
Advertisement
T - Mobile 's 3G is decent , but not astounding .
It really depends on where you are , how many other T - Mobile users are in your city and how deployed the 3G network is there .
And if you want , you can download PDAnet from the Android Marketplace , and the accompanying PDAnet application for Windows / Mac , and tether the Nexus One to be a 3G modem on the go .
This will work much better when the device is on Verizon — if you care to pay $ 30 a month to make it happen .
HTC placed two microphones on the device , one on the bottom and one on the back , for better noise cancellation .
And the extra microphone pays off .
The other party said that the Nexus One sounded , through their speaker , as loud as an iPhone 3G , but noticeably better .
Not astoundingly better , just enough so that you 'd mention it .
But the speaker on the Nexus One , on the other hand , makes conversations sound tinny and thin .
Actually , the better microphone setup is evident when you do a Nexus One to Nexus One conversation , because the resulting sound out of N1's speakers is less tinny .
Advertisement
The speaker on the back of the phone , used for speakerphone and for speakers when playing music , is fine .
Not fantastic , just fine .
The camera app loads up a lot faster than on the Droid , and shoots a lot faster than the Droid 's camera — but the image quality is similarly mediocre .
Compared to HTC 's earlier Windows Mobile phones , whose cameras were passably bad , the Nexus One 's 5 - megapixel camera is quite good , even if it does n't have the iPhone 's touch - to - focus .
Advertisement
What Does This All Mean ?
Google 's Nexus
One is the best Android phone available right now , and we 're seeing as high or higher interest in this than the Droid , which had Verizon 's million - dollar marketing campaign behind it .
But , since T - Mobile 's 3G coverage ( and voice coverage ) is not as built out in certain areas , you might want to wait a few weeks until the phone is available on the Verizon network .
( Google will sell that version , too . )
And if you 're looking to buy this unlocked for AT&T , be aware that you wo n't be able to use AT&T's 3G network .
Advertisement
But why is Google working so closely with HTC to design the phone , and why is Google selling it themselves ?
Our theory is that Google 's injecting these devices into the market to make sure that OEMs are pushing forward with new Android versions , and the latest hardware available .
They do n't want stagnation , like with the Windows Mobile market , and are willing to sink manpower and money into ensuring forward movement .
It might seem like selling the Nexus One directly from Google 's website is two middle fingers up to manufacturers who have been selling Android phones already .
Not exactly .
HTC 's still the manufacturer , and it sounded like — both from the subtext at the press event and the presence of Motorola 's Sanjay Jha — that a future Nexus Two might not be from HTC .
Google 's spreading the love , essentially , to any manufacturer willing to make the " best " phone it can ; one Google 's proud to attach its name to .
Advertisement
So What About the Nexus Two ?
Google said it 's going to be a while until the Nexus Two , but " a while " probably means one year .
The previous phones , T - Mobile 's G1 and the MyTouch 3G and even the Hero , do n't quite measure up to the Nexus One in terms of speed and performance .
It 's really just like a little computer , so if you want to jump into Android , it 's pretty safe to do so now .
Better yet , you can get this thing unlocked and out of contract for $ 530 — keep whatever cheap T - Mobile plan you currently have — and resell it in a year when the Nexus Two is available .
Advertisement
Incredibly fast
Advertisement
Gorgeous screen
Advertisement
Will be on Verizon in a few months
Advertisement
It 's on T - Mobile ( subsidized ) , which does n't have a fantastic 3G network
Advertisement
Unlocked , unsubsidized phone costs $ 530 , does n't work on AT&T 3G
A majority of Americans believe that the federal government is “ an immediate threat to the rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens , ” a new poll suggests .
According to a poll conducted for CNN , 56 percent believe the federal government has grown so large and powerful that it poses a risk to rights and freedoms , while 44 percent disagree .
If accurate , it would suggest that anti-government sentiment in the US is not confined to Tea Partiers or libertarians , as neither of those movements enjoy similar levels of support .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the poll does indicate that those on the right are more likely to see government as a threat than those on the left .
While nearly 70 percent of self - identified Republicans and 63 percent of independents view the government as a threat , only 36 percent of self - identified Democrats do .
This is the second CNN poll in less than a week to suggest deep antagonism to — or at least disappointment with — the federal government .
A poll earlier this week found that 86 percent believe the federal government is “ broken . ”
However , the widespread discontent with government is n’t stopping some commentators from interpreting the poll results through a partisan perspective .
“ Poll : 56 % are tea - baggers , ” states a headline at DailyMail.com .
The poll results “ should n’t surprise anybody , ” writes Matthew Givens , a former Alabama Libertarian Party official and Ron Paul supporter .
“ Because of recent actions taken by our government , fewer and fewer people actually believe it cares about protecting our rights . ”
But concerns about government intrusion on rights and freedoms have not been limited to the right wing .
In the post - 9/11 era , many left - wing politicians raised concerns about the expansion of government power through the Patriot Act and other anti-terror measures .
Many on the left were also alarmed by the Bush administration ’s eagerness to expand US military power and engage in conflicts abroad .
ADVERTISEMENT
In those areas , the left found an unlikely compatriot in Ron Paul , the Texas libertarian whose grassroots popularity was highlighted when he won a presidential straw poll at the CPAC conference last summer .
Paul attracted the attention of many on the left by advocating against government surveillance and US involvement in foreign wars .
The key to success is knowing something nobody else knows .
It seems to me that too many of the people in the web or tech fields are strictly focused on what everybody else does know , and they do n’t take this information and use it to create the next big evolution , but instead , they try to create something that fits into what everybody else is already talking about , or are focused on at the moment , in order to fit into a perceived market trend .
There also always seems to be much speculation about what the next big trend will will be , but usually we end up being very wrong .
For example , many people are betting on the tablet PC to be the next BIG innovation , however , I will suggest something later in this post that could make the tablet PC obsolete , and even if it is n’t realized now , the chances are that someone will realize it eventually , and it will then take the place of the tab .
I will give you a very recent example of why this issue occurs .
Currently , and widely because of this years CES Convention , the web is buzzing about tablet PC ’s and iSlate speculation , and eReaders .
It seems to me that in both categories , there are many competitors with extremely similar products .
At least all of the big brands out there seem to be following a trend .
There are n’t very many different solutions in terms of features and technologies .
How could they all have come out with similar products at the same time ?
The future of eReaders and portable PCs is so uncertain ..
How could they all have come up with the same answers to the same questions , and especially when there are many different directions left unexplored by any of them ?
It seems to me something fishy is going on , like they ’re all talking to one another ..
However , the fishy big companies are n’t the only causes of the problem .
There just does n’t seem to be any push from new companies to completely out - do their bigger competitors and introduce an innovation that makes their competitor ’s products obsolete .
Maybe it ’s lack of resources , but I know if I ’m a venture capitalist , I ’m going to invest in innovation * .
The one hardware example of a new company at least slightly distinguishing themselves from their competitors has to be Plastic Logic with their Que proReader ( shown at top ) that is designed specifically for business solutions .
But as luck would have it , eReaders may be in danger of becoming obsolete all together due to evolving portable PCs that can do almost infinitely more .
I think the winner of this debate for the hardware would be Light Blue Optic ’s Light Touch 10 inch touchscreen projector ; but even this has many problems , or holes , in functionality that could prevent this particular model from going to the next level .
Imagine if this product was also a mini PC , but the screen expanded to Microsoft Surface proportions .
It could potentially make the Surface obsolete , and in the process maybe the tablet PC as well , due to no limitations on screen size , with much less hardware , therefor less price , and the same capabilities .
Why has n’t Light Blue Optics figured this out ?
It ’s the same story with websites and apps .
There ’s about 182,000 ( not accurate ) music websites out there , all with extremely similar models , and if not , with similar problems .
For independent artists , they either charge you too much upfront without you being guaranteed results , or they ’re free but offer you no way to actually promote your music other than spamming people , or you need to use more than one site because one provides a tool that you need that the other does n’t have , and vice versa .
There ’s many similar problems from a fan ’s perspective as well .
Why ca n’t someone come up with a website that solves ALL of these problems for everybody !?!
( Beat - Play )
It seems that even with all of the amazing possibilities that the web is capable of providing , with a market place driven by poor competition , still , nothing is easy .
You might say “ But Dante , it ’s not so easy to innovate in a field these days .
Where do you even start ? ”
And I ’d say to you “ But it really is !
And you start with your competitor ’s products . ”
An innovation does n’t have to be some huge evolutionary leap , like morse code right to Telephone , it just has to solve a problem that is currently put up with by society .
Be the person to solve that problem , and your company should be off to a great start .
Try using your competitor ’s products .
Put yourself in the shoes of the consumer .
If you do n’t know what industry to start with , chances are you ’re a consumer of something .. what problems do you face with products ?
I once saw a great TED Talk by Charles Leadbeater , about the occurrence of innovation .
He talked about how the invention of the mountain bike did n’t come from the R&D labs of major companies , but they came from the consumers .
Avid bikers became fed up with the restrictions placed on them by the big companies , and they began modifying , and eventually selling their modified bikes .
The mountain bike industry today accounts for 65 % of all bike sales in America
By looking at all of the slate computers , and finding the fundamental problems , creating an alternative to these problems becomes a lot easier , instead of creating something that poses the same problems .
It seems that many times the major company ’s definition of “ compete ” is to create a product with almost identical features as the other company ’s products , so when you ’re in the store staring at both of them on the shelf , you ’re so confused that hopefully you ’ll end up picking their product .
This is either lunacy , stupidity , or treachery towards the consumers .
I have a feeling there ’s a little bit of all three floating around in this marketplace somewhere .
People only pay attention to the products of existing companies when it comes to hardware .
The web is the only medium where mass mainstream media advertising can have absolutely no effect on the success of a website .
In other words , a website can completely explode , seemingly overnight , with no TV commercials or billboards up initially whatsoever .
For almost every other major industry , advertising could make or break you , which is why new competitors do n’t arise very often .
But , it turns out that the internet and social - ecommerce could very well offer a solution to this problem as well , especially with the massive networks of people being created by the Web 2.0 revolution .
However , how the internet can make advertising obsolete is a subject for another blog .
For now , if you ’re a consumer who wishes they were n’t constrained by company or brand restrictions , then now is the time to do something about it , and come up with the solutions to those problems .
You might as well , the big companies are n’t going to solve them .
The key to success is knowing something nobody else knows … or admits ..
Written by : Dante Cullari , Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
* However it is worth noting that most venture capitalists are probably in their 50 ’s - 70 ’s and they ’ve seen so much innovation in their lifetimes , that to them , they kind of have the outlook that enough is enough .
They may even resent the fact that the world will continue to advance without them .
At least this is my theory .
I also happen to think the world would be a much better place if run by intelligent people in their 20’s .
I should also note that I ’m 21 :) .
It could have been worse .
He could have been an unlicensed plumber caught with hallucinogenic mushrooms while playing ... well , you know .
Advertisement
Down old mangrove way in Florida , our new favorite criminal allegedly stole a 1998 Dodge Durango ( for reasons that escape us — a ' 98 Durango ?
Really ? ) , which was then found outside a house , miles away .
Inside , the suspect was sitting on his couch , playing Grand Theft Auto .
He was then , appropriately , charged with grand theft auto ( and a few other things , to be fair ) .
You are now encouraged to chuckle .
[ CNET ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Several people had to be rescued from their cars as dozens of vehicles piled up on an interstate highway in Wyandotte County , Kansas .
Visibility dropped to near zero amid icy conditions .
A second accident happened in Leavenworth County but there were no reports of death or serious injuries from the accident .
" He sounded despondent , " Koening 's father says of his son , who was visiting Vancouver
On Feb. 16 , Walter Koenig received a note from his son Andrew , which caused his father to grow concerned about his whereabouts .
“ He sounded despondent , ” says Walter , who spoke to PEOPLE from his Los Angeles home .
“ Nobody has seen this [ note ] but my wife and I . ”
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
Andrew Koenig , 41 , who starred as Boner on the late 80s sitcom Growing Pains , was set to arrive in Los Angeles on Feb. 14 after a trip to Canada , according to the Vancouver Police Department .
“ He went to visit some friends in Toronto and after there , he went to Vancouver , ” says his father .
“ It s a place where he felt very comfortable .
He lived there for a few years . ”
Andrew still hasn t returned to his Venice , Calif. , residence .
His father says there wasn t a specific situation that would ve prompted his disappearance .
“ I think it s something that has been a part of his makeup for a long time .
There s no single trauma .
There s no episode .
There s nothing of that nature , ” says Walter , who added that drugs were not an issue .
RELATED : Andrew Koenig ’s Body Believed to Have Been Found
The former child star , who discovered Vancouver while filming an episode of 21 Jump Street in the late 80s , returned to live there in the early 90s and would often take walks in the city s Stanley Park , according to police .
He had recently finished shooting a trailer for a feature film that he wanted to direct , says his father .
Andrew had also grown into an outspoken environmentalist and human rights activist , as well .
Eek , up just in time for me to rush off to work !
This one is big and messy .
Also , I considered making a political joke at the end but ... fuck that shit !
You guys are here for yucks , not to see what you see everyplace else .
So , this is quick , off to work I scamper .
The Shocker goes home after tomorrow and then I should be back on track , sorry for all of the lateness !
Eugene A. Delgaudio ( R - Sterling ) , a supervisor in Loudoun County , near Washington D.C. , was " chastised " this week by fellow supervisors for remarks against an anti-discrimination ordinance passed by the county protecting citizens on the basis of sexual orientation :
At a Jan. 6 meeting , supervisors voted to expand Loudoun's
nondiscrimination policy to prohibit bias on the basis of sexual
orientation in hiring by the county .
Delgaudio fought the change in the
meeting , saying he was especially offended by language in the measure
that sought protection for transgendered people .
In the debate , he
called the board 's attempt to protect transgendered people " freaky " and
" bizarre . "
In a subsequent newsletter to supporters , Delgaudio wrote
that " if a man dressed as a woman wants a job , you have to treat ' it '
the same as a normal person . "
Delgaudio's non-apology was nearly as offensive :
Delgaudio responded , reading a revised statement with the word " it "
taken out .
He continued : " With apologies to real - life Tootsies " and " to
all their defenders who are calling me all sorts of names and , like Mr .
Burton , are saying I should apologize . "
Delgaudio's statements inspired apologies from fellow board members .
Said Andrea McGimsey ( D - Potomac ) : " I think that the actions and words of Mr. Delgaudio prove why we needed
to institute the policy that we did the other day .
There 's clearly some
people who need those kinds of policies in place . "
Is chocolate as addictive as heroin ?
Possibly .
In a new study , mice willingly subjected themselves to electrical shocks in pursuit of a chocolate treat .
Advertisement
Italian researchers set out to discover just how much compulsive behavior plays a role in eating disorders .
Rossella Ventura , leader of the research team at the Santa Lucia Foundation in Rome , took two sets of mice - the experimental group was starved while the control was fed normally - and trained them to choose between two chambers in a maze .
The first chamber was empty while the second had a bit of chocolate inside .
Once this conditioning was established , they added a mild electric shock to the chocolate room .
They then allowed the starved mice to eat their way back to normal weight and let both sets into the maze .
The mice that had been well - fed throughout experienced the shock and quickly learned to avoid the chocolate chamber .
The previously starved mice , on the other hand , fought through the pain in pursuit of the chocolate , despite the fact that they were now being fed adequately elsewhere .
Advertisement
Ventura explains that this is all about the effects of compulsive behavior :
" We used a new model of compulsive behavior to test whether a previous stressful experience of hunger might override a conditioned response to avoid a certain kind of food - in this case , chocolate . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In other words , this study suggests how stressful stimuli - such as memories of starvation - can impact otherwise rational decision - making .
Ventura believes this willingness to ignore negative consequences in pursuit of food even when there is no great need for it demonstrates part of the behavior components that underlie eating disorders in humans and animals .
[ via PhysOrg ]
Max Clifford said he was a " very big fan " of Gordon Brown Publicist Max Clifford is to represent the anti-bullying charity boss who said Downing Street staff contacted her organisation .
Mr Clifford told the BBC that Christine Pratt , chief executive of the National Bullying Helpline , had told him she had e-mail evidence to back up her claims .
The charity 's four patrons have resigned , saying her comments amounted to a breach of confidence .
Mr Clifford said he was not being paid for advising Mrs Pratt .
He added that he was a " very big fan " of Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
' Heads down '
Mrs Pratt has made it clear none of the callers accused Mr Brown of bullying and said he may not even have known about the claims .
Mr Clifford said : " She wants to stand up and be counted and I 've said , ' The only way you 're going to change the public and the media 's perception is to come up with evidence of what you 've been saying .
Can you do that ? '
" She and her husband have said , ' Yes , we believe that we can .
'
So I said : ' Well , in that case , what you must do is keep your heads down until you 've got that evidence which you feel establishes what you 've been saying . "
Mr Clifford said Mrs Pratt and her husband were " going to get busy " , going through hundreds of e-mails to look for the evidence to back up her claims .
Mrs Pratt spoke out on Sunday after Business Secretary Lord Mandelson rejected separate allegations about the prime minister 's behaviour towards staff , which appeared in the Observer newspaper .
She has defended her actions , saying : " We are not naming names and we are not disclosing confidential data . "
' Very decent man ' Immigration Minister Phil Woolas told the LBC 97.3 radio station : " It 's a tough business , politics .
It 's 18 , 20 hours a day that people like the Prime Minister work .
" I think this attack on him by this prat of a woman down in - where 's she from , Swindon ? -
I think that 's backfiring on her .
" Most people think that Gordon Brown , even if they do n't agree with his politics , they think that he 's a decent man and I can tell you in my experience , he 's a very decent man . "
The National Bullying Helpline 's patrons - including Tory MP Ann Widdecombe and TV presenter Sarah Cawood - have stood down .
The Charity Commission says it received a number of complaints over the weekend concerning the organisation and that it would be contacting it for further information .
It also confirmed it looked into concerns about the National Bullying Helpline two years ago .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Michelle Bisutti , a 41 - year - old family practitioner in Columbus , Ohio , finished medical school in 2003 , her student - loan debt amounted to roughly $ 250,000 .
Since then , it has ballooned to $ 555,000 .
It is the result of her deferring loan payments while she completed her residency , default charges and relentlessly compounding interest rates .
Among the charges : a single $ 53,870 fee for when her loan was turned over to a collection agency .
" Maybe ...
Normally I do not get that excited about grocery shopping , but this Sunday was an exception : I used OR to do my grocery shopping .
Many grocery stores have promotions that encourage shoppers to buy 10 items , such as the 10 for $ 10 sales .
Oddly , there has typically been no penalty for buying fewer than ten items : all items would be $ 1 each .
The sale merely suggests to stock up on ten or more sale items .
This past year , my favorite grocery store ( Kroger ) has periodically offered a promotion that offers $ 5 cash back for every ten items purchased ( but not any ten items , just the items associated with the promotion ) .
The items range in price from $ 0.99 to $ 5.99 before the discount .
The promotion essentially offers an a savings of $ 0.50 per item , which is 50 % off of an item costing $ 0.99 .
But no problem so far ; I just partition my wish list into groups of ten and stock up on extra rice cakes until a reach a multiple of ten .
[ Check out the ad ]
There is an additional twist this week : a combinatorial challenge .
Most of the items in the promotion have coupons in the Sunday paper that require the purchase of two or three items .
For example , I had two coupons for $ 1 off of three boxes of Kleenex .
The Kleenex are on sale for $ 1.49 ( not the best sale ) , would be effectively $ 0.99 after the promotion ( not too shabby ) , and would be $ 0.66 after the coupon ( a bargain ! ) .
But I can only buy them at this price if I buy three or six boxes .
Maybe this is n’t exciting to you , but my kids went through two boxes of Kleenex this week when they had the sniffles .
On Sunday morning , I cut out coupons and made a list of promotion items my family could use .
I made sure that ( 1 ) the total number of items on my list was a multiple of ten , ( 2 ) individual items were purchased in groups of two or three ( according to the coupon restrictions ) , and ( 3 ) individual items were within the lower and upper bounds according to our needs ( there are only so many cartons of orange juice we can drink ) .
I bought 30 items with the promotion , saving $ 15 with the promotion and an additional $ 12.30 with coupons .
I even found some bargain - priced day old bakery bread .
Needless to say , it was the most fun I have ever had at the grocery store .
Kroger has a good OR team , and I appreciate some of the savings–and challenges –they offer shoppers .
Related posts :
Have you ever had a combinatorial shopping experience ?
Oumkheyr is a French Muslim woman in her 40s .
Of Algerian origin , she is divorced and has a daughter .
She tells CNN why she 's proud to wear the burqa , also known as the niqab or full veil , and what she thinks of the law proposed by the French government to ban the burqa .
A French parliament report has called for a ban on the burqa in schools , hospitals , government offices and public transport .
( CNN ) -- I wear the burqa for the simple reason that I am a Muslim and the Koran says that I must wear the full veil in order to be modest .
I am proud of my Muslim faith and my modesty .
I am proud to follow God 's law .
Nobody ever forced me to wear the full veil and I have been wearing it for around 10 years now .
In fact , very few of my friends actually wear one .
There are , of course , situations in which some men force their wives or daughters to wear the burqa but , believe me , these cases are a very , very small minority .
For those of us who are believers , we just want to do God 's will and live by the sacred text , so what any man says has nothing to do with that .
I am testament to that as I do n't have a husband and I practice my religion freely , that 's why I 'm always shocked when people say it 's the husband who forces his wife to wear a burqa .
It is actually the case that a lot of men in France do not wish their wives to wear the full veil because when they go out , they are insulted or attacked and their husbands do n't want them to be put in that situation .
I first started wearing the full veil when I was a teenager but I stopped for a while because when you 're young , you do n't want to be set apart , you want to look like everyone else .
But later after seeing what was happening with terrorist attacks involving Muslims all over the world , I decided to become more conscious and find out more about my faith .
In the process , I found myself becoming more spiritual and decided to start wearing the burqa .
Now , my liberty is being threatened with this law proposed by the French government .
If this law is passed , it will be a great injustice .
It is very unfair that they are even considering this law .
Perhaps the French authorities are terrified that women will start dressing like this , despite evidence to the contrary .
Why am I , as a Muslim woman , targeted unfairly , when there are less than 2,000 of us in France who wear the burqa ?
Where is my freedom of clothing or expression ?
France prides itself as a country that upholds the rights of man but where are my rights ?
Why am I not free to wear what I want ?
Many cite security reasons because they can't tell who is under the veil .
But myself and a lot of women who wear the burqa are always happy to identify ourselves when asked .
In the past , I have taken off my veil when it is asked of me -- as long as it's a woman who does it .
My religion demands that I cover my face in front of any man who is not either my brother , father or husband .
I have been wearing the veil in France for years and it has never been a problem , I use public transport like everyone else and I 've never had any problems .
Although , it can be quite strange when I 'm on a bus for example and people say to me : ' You poor thing , we feel sorry for you . '
And I wonder exactly why they feel sorry for me .
I 'm very happy wearing the veil and it makes me spiritually fulfilled as I 'm practicing my religion , so I do n't really see it as anything to pity me for .
I really believe that France is scared of Muslims , which is the motivation for this law , but people should n't generalize as not all Muslims are the same .
Yes , some have done terrible things , but it is done in the name of man , never in the name of God .
I , as a French Muslim woman , have nothing but love in my heart towards all people .
And whatever the outcome , if France succeeds in banning the veil on its streets , I will never take mine off .
My freedom means a lot to me and if this law is passed , I would rather move to another country where I can worship in peace .
I obey the laws of God not the laws of man .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oumkheyr .
Opeth is a progressive metal band from Sweden that is influenced by many diverse musical styles ranging from 1970s progressive rock and death metal , Their recent releases have deviated from their traditional death metal - influenced style , with more emphasis on progressive elements .
Frontman and vocalist Mikael Åkerfeldt is also noted for utilizing both clean singing and death growls , often in the same song .
Due to their unique blend of melodic and progressive elements , Opeth are often classified separately from more typical death metal acts .
The name Opeth was taken from Wilbur Smith … read more
Chelsea ( Sasha Grey ) is a high - priced $ 2,000 - an - hour call girl in Manhattan , offering a ' girlfriend experience ' : she 'll dress with the client in mind , go to dinner and a movie , listen attentively to talk about work and finances , and she 'll provide sex .
21 February 2010 A sends : Federal Bureau of Invention ?
Microbiologist Meryl Nass Responds to FBI Closing Anthrax Case
Meryl Nass Source
The FBI 's report , documents and accompanying information ( only pertaining to Ivins , not to the rest of the investigation ) were released on Friday afternoon ... which means the FBI anticipated doubt and ridicule .
The National Academies of Science ( NAS ) is several months away from issuing its $ 879,550 report on the microbial forensics , suggesting a ) asking NAS to investigate the FBI 's science was just a charade to placate Congress , and / or b ) NAS ' investigation might be uncovering things the FBI would prefer to bury , so FBI decided to preempt the NAS panel 's report .
Here are today 's reports from the Justice Department , AP , Washington Post and NY Times .
The WaPo article ends ,
The FBI 's handling of the investigation has been criticized by Ivins 's colleagues and by independent analysts who have pointed out multiple gaps , including a lack of hair , fiber other physical evidence directly linking Ivins to the anthrax letters .
But despite long delays and false leads , Justice officials Friday expressed satisfaction with the outcome .
The evidence " established that Dr. Ivins , alone , mailed the anthrax letters , " the Justice summary stated .
Actually , the 96 - page FBI report is predicated on the assumption that the anthrax letters attack was carried out by a " lone nut . "
The FBI report fails to entertain the possibility that the letters attack could have involved more than one actor .
The FBI admits that about 400 people may have had access to Ivins ' RMR - 1029 anthrax preparation , but asserts all were " ruled out " as lone perpetrators .
FBI never tried to rule any out as part of a conspiracy , however .
That is only the first of many holes in FBI 's case .
Here is a sampling of some more .
1 . The report assumes Ivins manufactured , purified and dried the spore prep in the anthrax hot room at US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases ( USAMRIID ) .
His colleagues say the equipment available was insufficient to do so on the scale required .
2 . But even more important , the letter spores contained a Bacillus subtilis contaminant , and silicon to enhance dispersal .
FBI has never found the Bacillus subtilis strain at USAMRIID , and it has never acknowledged finding silicon there , either .
If the letters anthrax was made at USAMRIID , at least small amounts of both would be there .
3 . Drs. Perry Mikesell , Ayaad Assaad and Stephen Hatfill were 3 earlier suspects .
All had circumstantial evidence linking them to the case .
In Hatfill 's case , especially , are hints he could have been " set up . "
Greendale , the return address on the letters , was a suburb of Harare , Zimbabwe where Hatfill attended medical school .
Hatfill wrote an unpublished book about a biowarfare attack that bears some resemblance to the anthrax case .
So the fact that abundant circumstantial evidence links
Ivins to the case might be a reflection that he too was " set up " as a potential suspect , before the letters were sent .
4 . FBI fails to provide any discussion of why no autopsy was performed , nor why , with Ivins under 24/ 7 surveillance from the house next door , with even his garbage being combed through , the FBI failed to notice that he overdosed and went into a coma .
Nor is there any discussion of why the FBI did n't immediately identify tylenol as the overdose substance , and notify the hospital , so that a well - known antidote for tylenol toxicity could be given ( N - acetyl cysteine , or alternatively glutathione ) .
These omissions support the suggestion that Ivins ' suicide was a convenience for the FBI .
It enabled them to conclude the anthrax case , in the absence of evidence that would satisfy the courts .
5 . The FBI 's alleged motive is bogus .
In 2001 , Bioport 's anthrax vaccine could not be ( legally ) relicensed due to potency failures , and its impending demise provided room for Ivins ' newer anthrax vaccines to fill the gap .
Ivins had nothing to do with developing Bioport 's vaccine , although in addition to his duties working on newer vaccines , he was charged with assisting Bioport to get through licensure .
6 . FBI 's report claims , " Those who worked for him knew that Nass was one of those topics to avoid discussing around Dr. Ivins " ( page 41 ) .
The truth is we had friendly meetings at the Annapolis , Maryland international anthrax conference in June 2001 , and several phone conversations after that .
Bruce occasionally assisted me in my study of the safety and efficacy of Bioport 's licensed anthrax vaccine , giving me advice and papers he and others had written .
I wonder if I was mentioned negatively to discourage Ivins ' other friends and associates from communicating with me , since they have been prohibited from speaking freely ?
Clever .
7 . The FBI 's Summary states that " only a limited number of individuals ever had access to this specific spore preparation " and that the flask was under Ivins ' sole and exclusive control .
Yet the body of the report acknowledges hundreds of people who had access to the spores , and questions remain about the location of the spore prep during the period in question .
FBI wordsmiths around this , claiming that no one at USAMRIID " legitimately " used spores from RMR1029 without the " authorization and knowledge " of Bruce Ivins .
Of course , stealing spores to terrorize and kill is not a legitimate activity .
8 . FBI says that only a small number of labs had Ames anthrax , including only 3 foreign labs .
Yet a quick Pub Med search of papers published between 1999 and 2004 revealed Ames anthrax was studied in at least Italy , France , the UK , Israel and South Korea as well as the US .
By failing to identify all labs with access to Ames , the FBI managed to exclude potential domestic and foreign perpetrators .
9 . FBI claims that " drying anthrax is expressly forbidden by various treaties , " therefore it would have to be performed clandestinely .
Actually , the US government sponsored several programs that dried anthrax spores .
Drying spores is not explicitly prohibited by the Biological Weapons Convention , though many would like it to be .
10 .
The FBI report claims the anthrax letters envelopes were sold in Frederick , Md. Later it admits that millions of indistinguishable envelopes were made , with sales in Maryland and Virginia .
11 . FBI emphasizes Ivins ' access to a photocopy machine , but fails to mention it was not the machine from which the notes that accompanied the spores were printed .
12 . FBI claims
Ivins was able to make a spore prep of equivalent purity as the letter spores .
However , Ivins had clumping in his spores , while the spores in the Daschle / Leahy letters had no clumps .
Whether Ivins could make a pure dried prep is unknown , but there is no evidence he had ever done so .
13 . FBI asserts that Bioport and USAMRIID were nearly out of anthrax vaccine , to the point researchers might not have enough to vaccinate themselves .
FBI further asserts this would end all anthrax research , derailing Ivins ' career .
In fact , USAMRIID has developed many dozens of vaccines ( including those for anthrax ) that were never licensed , but have been used by researchers to vaccinate themselves .
There would be no vaccine shortage for researchers .
14 . Ivins certainly had mental problems .
But that does not explain why the FBI accompanied Ivins ' therapist , Ms. Duley ( herself under charges for multiple DUIs ) and assisted her to apply for a peace order against him .
Nor does it explain why Duley then went into hiding , never to be heard from again .
15 . FBI obtained a voluntary collection of anthrax samples .
Is that the way to conduct a multiple murder investigation : ask the scientists to supply you with the evidence to convict them ?
There is no report that spores were seized from anyone but Ivins , about 6 years after the attacks .
This is a huge hole in the FBI 's " scientific " methodology .
16 . FBI claims it investigated Bioport and others who had a financial motive for the letters attack , and ruled them out .
However , FBI provides not a shred of evidence from such an investigation .
FBI gave this report its best shot .
The report sounds good .
It includes some new evidence .
It certainly makes Ivins out to be a crazed , scary and pathetic figure .
If you have n't followed this story intently , you may be convinced of his guilt .
On the other hand , there are reasons why a conspiracy makes better sense .
If the FBI really had the goods , they would not be overreaching to pin the crime on a lone nut .
JFK , RFK , George Wallace , Martin Luther King , all felled by lone nuts .
Even Ronald Reagan 's would - be assassin was a lone nut .
Now Bruce Ivins .
The American public is supposed to believe that all these crimes required no assistance and no funds .
Does the FBI stand for the Federal Bureau of Invention ?
_____ Dr. Meryl Nass , MD is a leading expert on anthrax and anthrax vaccine .
She has offered her research and expert testimony at several Congressional hearings in the U.S. Dr. Nass 's website anthraxvaccine.org offers in depth insight into anthrax , anthrax vaccine , biological warfare and related topics .
Grab a byte of fun at Funmunch.com .
The Network presents for you a collection of funniest jokes on the web , heart touching poems , graphics , wallpapers , amazing videos , free online games , updated movie news and lots more .
It also brings for you a collection of free Mother 's Day ecards to be sent to your dear ones for free !!!
Join the online community at Funmunch Network and get your complete dose of fun and humor .
by Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Sundaland clouded leopard , a recently described new species of big cat , has been caught on camera .
The film , the first footage of the cat in the wild to be made public , has been released by scientists working in the Dermakot Forest Reserve in Malaysia .
The Sundaland clouded leopard , only discovered to be a distinct species three years ago , is one of the least known and elusive of all cat species .
Two more rare cats , the flat - headed cat and bay cat , were also photographed .
Clouded leopards are one of the most elusive cats .
They are very hardly ever encountered
Andreas Wilting
Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research Details of the discoveries are published in the latest issue of Cat News , the newsletter of the Cat Specialist Group of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
" Clouded leopards are one of the most elusive cats .
They are very hardly ever encountered and almost no detailed study about their ecology has been conducted , " says Mr Andreas Wilting of the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin , Germany .
Mr Wilting is leader of a project that evaluates how changes to the forest in the Malaysian part of Borneo impact carnivores living there .
As part of that project , the team places a network of camera traps in the forest , that automatically photograph passing animals .
The team , which includes the Malaysian field scientist Azlan Mohamed , also conducts regular surveys at night , by shining a spotlight from the back of a vehicle driven around the Dermakot Forest Reserve in Sabah .
In Pictures : Rare cats of Borneo During one of these surveys , they encountered a Sundaland clouded leopard walking along a road .
" For the first eleven months we had not encountered a single clouded leopard during these night surveys , " says Mr Wilting .
" So every one of our team was very surprised when this clouded leopard was encountered .
" Even more surprising was that this individual was not scared by the light or the noises of the truck .
" For over five minutes this clouded leopard was just roaming around the car , which compared to the encounters with the other animals is very strange , as most species are scared and run away after we have spotted them . "
Film exists of a Sundaland clouded leopard held in an enclosure .
RARE CATS : FIND OUT MORE
Wild Sumatran tigers were only caught on film for the first time in 2010 Last year a camera trap study revealed for the first time how often jaguars give birth in the wild
Only the second known photos of the elusive African golden cat were taken in the wild last year Watch more videos of wild cats here
And a tourist is thought to have taken a 30 second video of a wild Sundaland clouded leopard in 2006 , but that video has never been made public .
Until 2007 , all clouded leopards living in Asia were thought to belong to a single species .
However , genetic studies revealed that there are actually two quite distinct clouded leopard species .
As well as the better known clouded leopard living on the Asian mainland ( Neofelis nebulosa ) , scientists determined that a separate clouded leopard species lives on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra .
The two species are thought to have diverged over one million years ago .
This leopard is now known as the Sunda or Sundaland clouded leopard ( Neofelis diardi ) , though it was previously and erroneously called the Bornean clouded leopard .
Since 2008 , it has been listed as vulnerable by the IUCN .
The clouded leopard , the largest predator on Borneo , appears to live at very low densities within the reserve , as it has only rarely been photographed by the researchers or camera traps .
During the surveys , the research team also discovered a juvenile samba deer ( Cervus unicolor ) which had been killed by a clouded leopard .
The scientists suspect a large male clouded leopard made the kill , and had removed part of the front right leg .
Despite being a commercial forest that is sustainably logged for wood , the Dermakot Forest Reserve in Sabah , which is an area of approximately 550 km square kilometres , holds all five wild Bornean cat species .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
As well as capturing images of the clouded leopard , the researchers also recorded four other wild cat species .
One video shows a wild leopard cat scent - marking its territory .
This smaller species is more common in the area , and has been filmed before .
" But due to its mainly nocturnal behaviour , specific behaviours like the scent marking are rarely documented on camera , " says Mr Wilting .
More thrilling are the pictures taken of the other cats : the flat - headed cat ( Prionailurus planiceps ) , bay cat ( Catopuma badia ) and marbled cat ( Pardofelis marmorata ) .
A marbled cat caught by a camera trap " All three species are very special , " says Mr Wilting .
" The bay cat was special , as there has never been a confirmed record of this species in our study site .
" Therefore I really did not expect to get a photo of this species and I was amazed when I saw this picture . "
Since 1928 , there had been no confirmed record of this cat , before it was rediscovered in 1992 in Sarawak .
It is currently considered to be one of the world 's least known cat species , and is listed as endangered .
" In addition our record is the most northern record of this species , which is endemic to Borneo . "
Specialised climber " Also the records of the flat - headed cat are very special as well , because just a few camera - trapping pictures of this species exist , " explains Mr Wilting .
" The flat - headed cat is a highly specialised cat , restricted to lowland forests and wetlands , those areas which have the highest destruction rates in Asia .
A flat - headed cat walks on by " This was also the reason why we changed the classification in the red list in 2008 from vulnerable to endangered , which puts this species in the same category as the tiger .
" The marbled cat is presumably mainly arboreal and therefore it is much harder to get this species photographed with the ground - based cameras . "
The marbled cat looks much like a miniature clouded leopard , with a cloud - like spot pattern and long tail .
" We have encountered this species twice during our night surveys in Deramakot and once we even observed it climbing headfirst down the tree - trunk .
" These cats have really amazing climbing skills . "
Mr Wilting says that finding all five Bornean cat species in one area suggests that Dermakot Forest Reserve is home to a particularly high diversity of animals , especially as Borneo is one of the biodiversity hotspots of the world .
It also suggests that even commercially used forests , as long as they are managed sustainably , may harbour threatened cat species and therefore contribute to their conservation , he says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
He said : " The entire area had been thrown into total chaos by a single troubled woman .
I was very sorry to hear that the lady had subsequently jumped from the bridge but relieved that her injuries were minor .
By Caspar Leighton
BBC News West Africa correspondent
President Wade believes visitors should be charged to see the statue
Imams in Senegal have begun a concerted campaign against a giant statue being built in Dakar .
They are using Friday prayers to denounce it as idolatrous and a waste of money .
The Monument to the African Renaissance is a pet project of Senegal 's President Abdoulaye Wade and will be bigger than the Statue of Liberty when complete .
The main controversy has been the cost - at $ 27 m ( £ 16.6 m ) it is a big outlay for a poor country .
It is also on questionable aesthetic ground .
The imams are tapping into a strong vein of discontent with the giant statue .
' War of words '
Depicting a muscular man holding aloft a child and sweeping a woman along behind him , it is pure socialist realism - and not very African .
It is being built by North Korea .
Imams agreed a text for Friday sermons quoting the Koran and the Hadith ( Islamic sayings ) , which forms a denunciation of the idolatrous nature of the giant structure .
The protests do come a bit late though , for the statue is almost finished .
The new campaign is an escalation in a long war of words between imams and President Wade .
One imam put it pithily , saying it was not on that the first thing air travellers see of Senegal when their plane descends is a near - naked man and woman .
What sticks in the throats of many Senegalese though is President Wade 's plan to charge visitors and pocket a share of the takings himself .
The president says he helped design the statue , so he should share some of the revenue .
If you ’ve followed my blog lately , you ’ll remember that i played with chromium on ARM .
First i had some issues with javascript not working … turns out that it was an v8 issue that does n’t seem to work on ARMv5TE and lower .
Then i had it working perfectly with ARM v7 and failing to build on ARMv5TE .
I ’ll write the result of all the tests a bit later on this post , first let me post some images two users have sent to me .
The first is from the user slonopotamus that runs the Gentoo on the N8x0 project , running obviously on his Nokia N800 ( armv6 j ) .
The second is from the user javaJake from the Neuvoo project , a screenshot of Chromium working on a BeagleBoard ( armv7a ) running Gentoo .
So now let me explain what i found out with all this issues .
On an ARMv5TE system we can build the chromium browser while disabling the v8 build .
However as i pointed out on the first post about Google Chrome , all pages that use javascript did n’t work .
Enabling the v8 build on an ARMv5TE system makes it fail to compile , as i pointed out on the second post 🙂
On an ARMv6J or newer ( ARMv7 - A ) system , it works with and without building v8 .
Both javaJake and slonopotamus confirmed this to me , as you can see from their screenshots .
I was unable to test it on the Efika MX until i finished the stagebuilding .
There was a small problem and that was that if you enabled v8 build , it failed because it tried to use - m32 in the CFLAGS , which wo n’t work on ARM .
But i think that ’s been fixed .
I wrote about it on the second post .
And that ’s pretty much it …after that and finding out that chromium * WON’T * work on < ARMv6J , i keyworded it ~arm .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The U.S. remains the world 's science and technology leader , but other countries are gaining ground , the National Science Board said Friday in its biennial report on science and engineering .
The U.S. accounted for nearly a third of $ 1.1 trillion spent on research and development globally in 2007 , minted more science and engineering doctorates ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A PE teacher from West Yorkshire has broken a world record with the longest - ever football throw - in .
Danny Brooks , 28 , launched a ball 49.78 m ( 163 ft ) - half the length of a football field - with his unusual gymnast - style flip throw .
Mr Brooks , who teaches at Brooksbank School Sports College in Elland , said he got the idea after watching Stoke player Rory Delap 's long throw - ins .
The previous record of 48.17 m ( 158 ft ) was set by Michael Lochner in 1998 .
Mr Brooks 's method involves him taking a run-up and somersaulting with the ball in his hands before throwing it .
The technique is legal in football matches because he has two feet on the ground at the time of the throw .
' Bit of a surprise '
Mr Brooks told BBC News : " I started off as a gymnast from a young age and I also did my football as well .
" The original idea was to put the two together and see what I can get from it . "
Mr Brooks said Delap 's throw - in style had " reignited my interest in it to see if I can get anywhere near he can " .
The amateur footballer said he had used his throw - ins in matches .
But he added : " I do n't like to do it too often but it is a bit of a surprise to the opposition .
" They do n't really like it that much . "
Clients were understandably furious when Anthem Blue Cross , the largest for - profit health insurer in California , announced huge rate increases for people who buy their own insurance : an average increase of 25 percent , and a 35 percent to 39 percent rise for a quarter of the purchasers .
The move also provided a textbook example of why the nation badly needs comprehensive health care reforms .
The reform bills stalled in Congress would put a brake on such out - of - scale premium increases by broadening the pools of insured people to keep average premiums low , by setting up competitive insurance exchanges and by starting to rein in the cost of medical care that is driving up premiums everywhere .
Private insurers in several other states also have sought and won double - digit increases for policies sold to individuals .
In one striking case , a Blue Cross Blue Shield plan in Michigan sought a 56 percent average increase in premiums for individually bought policies but settled for 22 percent in a compromise with regulators .
If the increases go through in California , where regulators have limited powers to control rates , Anthem ’s enrollees would have to choose between paying the higher price , moving to lower - cost policies , perhaps with a high deductible , switching to another insurer if they can find one to take them , or dropping coverage entirely .
LITTLE ROCK , Ark. , Feb. 17 / PRNewswire / -- The Republican Party of Arkansas presented keynote Speaker Sarah Palin with an engraved Henry Repeating Arms Big Boy 44 Magnum rifle last night at their fundraising event at the Verizon Arena in Little Rock .
The rifle was personalized with serial number PALIN - 001 , the brass receiver was inscribed with ‘ Presented to Sarah Palin - February 16 , 2010 - Republican Party of Arkansas ’ and the Republican Party of Arkansas ’ logo was carved into the buttstock .
( Photo : http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20100217/NY56429-a )
( Photo : http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20100217/NY56429-b )
Palin began her keynote speech in front of a cheering crowd of 5,000 by thanking the Republican Party of Arkansas for the beautiful rifle , noting that she even called her son Track to tell him about it , and stated , “ It ’s great to be in a state where it ’s okay to cling to your guns and religion . ”
President Lincoln was presented with a Henry rifle during his presidency .
It hangs in The Smithsonian and has become a priceless national treasure .
About Henry Repeating Arms
Henry Repeating Arms is one of the country ’s leading rifle manufacturers .
Their legendary name dates back to 1860 when Benjamin Tyler Henry invented and patented the first practical repeating rifle during the Civil War .
It became known as the " gun you could load on Sunday and shoot all week long . ”
Henry rifles went on to play a significant role in the frontier days of the American West and soon became one of the most legendary , respected and sought after rifles in the history of firearms .
The company ’s primary manufacturing facility is in Bayonne , New Jersey and they have a second facility in Rice Lake , Wisconsin .
SOURCE Henry Repeating Arms
You know the lock - screen gesture protection used on Android smartphones to prevent people from picking up your phone and having immediate access to all your personal information ?
Right , well , I hope you ’re not relying on your phone ’s swipe gesture protection to keep all your dirtiest secrets from falling into the wrong hands .
The picture you see here is a good example of how easy it is to circumvent the Nexus One ’s lock - screen gesture password .
This is Stefan ’s phone , and it ’s now in the wrong hands …
I 'm sorry , roaches that I 've squashed .
I did n't know that one day your kin would be our nuke - detecting salvation .
Advertisement
Nuclear engineers from Texas A&M , who clearly are less squeamish than I am , have attached radioactivity sensors to the backs of cockroaches .
Oh , sorry , to the backs of remote - controlled cockroaches , which sounds like the start of a wonderful prank .
It turns out that the little buggers are perfectly suited to the task of locating nuclear material :
" Cockroaches really are the perfect medium for this , " says William Charlton , an associate professor of nuclear engineering at the university and a principal investigator on the project .
" They can go for extraordinarily long periods of time without food .
They exist on every continent except Antarctica .
They 're very radiation resistant , and they can carry extremely large amounts of weight compared to their body mass . "
Advertisement
That 's right : instead of sending humans into possibly contaminated areas , we 're sending our army of roaches .
And we 're not stopping there !
According to the Texas A&M researchers , other applications could include search and rescue and counterintelligence .
And scaring the bejeebus out of rival scientists .
Turns out Joe 's Apartment is another movie ahead of its time .
[ National Defense Magazine via Wired ]
LEGAL counsel Martin Bennett has a short message for those who allow themselves to attack reputations over the internet , imagining they are safe under the cloak of anonymity .
'' You can be hunted down and found , '' he said yesterday .
Mr Bennett has done just that for a Perth client , winning $ 30,000 in damages and costs , an apology , and undertakings from a Colac man that he wo n't post any more defamatory comments .
The hunt for the man 's true identity proved the stuff of private detective novels updated into the age of blogs .
It is , Mr Bennett said , one of a very few such actions in Australia against the author of anonymous postings on an internet forum .
He predicts it is the tip of a legal iceberg .
'' There has been an increasing proliferation of internet chat sites where people feel free to hide their identities and make defamatory comments about companies and their executives and directors , '' he said in a statement released after the case in the Supreme Court of Western Australia was resolved .
by Tina Tennessen
Speed is not a word typically associated with trees ; they can take centuries to grow .
However , a new study to be published the week of Feb. 1 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences has found evidence that forests in the Eastern United States are growing faster than they have in the past 225 years .
The study offers a rare look at how an ecosystem is responding to climate change .
For more than 20 years forest ecologist Geoffrey Parker has tracked the growth of 55 stands of mixed hardwood forest plots in Maryland .
The plots range in size , and some are as large as 2 acres .
Parker ’s research is based at the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center , 26 miles east of the nation ’s capital .
Parker ’s tree censuses have revealed that the forest is packing on weight at a much faster rate than expected .
He and Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute postdoctoral fellow Sean McMahon discovered that , on average , the forest is growing an additional 2 tons per acre annually .
That is the equivalent of a tree with a diameter of 2 feet sprouting up over a year .
Forests and their soils store the majority of the Earth ’s terrestrial carbon stock .
Small changes in their growth rate can have significant ramifications in weather patterns , nutrient cycles , climate change and biodiversity .
Exactly how these systems will be affected remains to be studied .
Parker and McMahon ’s paper focuses on the drivers of the accelerated tree growth .
The chief culprit appears to be climate change , more specifically , the rising levels of atmospheric CO 2 , higher temperatures and longer growing seasons .
Assessing how a forest is changing is no easy task .
Forest ecologists know that the trees they study will most likely outlive them .
One way they compensate for this is by creating a “ chronosequence ” — a series of forests plots of the same type that are at different developmental stages .
At SERC , Parker meticulously tracks the growth of trees in stands that range from 5 to 225 years old .
This allowed Parker and McMahon to verify that there was accelerated growth in forest stands young and old .
More than 90 % of the stands grew two to four times faster than predicted from the baseline chronosequence .
By grouping the forest stands by age , McMahon and Parker were also able to determine that the faster growth is a recent phenomenon .
If the forest stands had been growing this quickly their entire lives , they would be much larger than they are .
Parker estimates that among himself , his colleague Dawn Miller and a cadre of citizen scientists , they have taken a quarter of a million measurements over the years .
Parker began his tree census work Sept. 8 , 1987 — his first day on the job .
He measures all trees that are 2 centimeters or more in diameter .
He also identifies the species , marks the tree ’s coordinates and notes if it is dead or alive .
By knowing the species and diameter , McMahon is able to calculate the biomass of a tree .
He specializes in the data - analysis side of forest ecology .
“ Walking in the woods helps , but so does looking at the numbers , ” said McMahon .
He analyzed Parker ’s tree censuses but was hungry for more data .
It was not enough to document the faster growth rate ; Parker and McMahon wanted to know why it might be happening .
“ We made a list of reasons these forests could be growing faster and then ruled half of them out , ” said Parker .
The ones that remained included increased temperature , a longer growing season and increased levels of atmospheric CO 2 .
During the past 22 years CO 2 levels at SERC have risen 12 % , the mean temperature has increased by nearly three - tenths of a degree and the growing season has lengthened by 7.8 days .
The trees now have more CO 2 and an extra week to put on weight .
Parker and McMahon suggest that a combination of these three factors has caused the forest ’s accelerated biomass gain .
Ecosystem responses are one of the major uncertainties in predicting the effects of climate change .
Parker thinks there is every reason to believe his study sites are representative of the Eastern deciduous forest , the regional ecosystem that surrounds many of the population centers on the East Coast .
He and McMahon hope other forest ecologists will examine data from their own tree censuses to help determine how widespread the phenomenon is .
These findings are also important for policymakers trying to address climate change .
Future carbon cap - and - trade rules will need to quantify the amount of carbon forests hold .
If faster growth rates prove the norm , this could affect the formulas and the dollar value assigned to forests that are cut or conserved .
Parker and McMahon do n’t expect SERC ’s forest to continue growing at this accelerated rate forever .
Some day the growth rate will level off .
When that happens , they wonder how that will affect CO 2 levels .
If trees are sponges that absorb CO 2 , what will happen to CO 2 levels in the atmosphere when the trees become saturated ?
It ’s a question for further exploration .
In the meantime , Parker will continue walking through the SERC woods , tape measure in hand carefully tracking the growth of the trees .
The study is available online at PNAS.org .
Listen to WNYC radio host Leonard Lopate ’s interview with Geoffrey Parker .
The Coming Deficit Disaster
The president says he understands the urgency of our fiscal crisis , but his policies are the equivalent of steering the economy toward an iceberg .
you are here : home > explore
The first decade of this century is " by far " the warmest since instrumental records began , say the UK Met Office and World Meteorological Organization .
Their analyses also show that 2009 will almost certainly be the fifth warmest in the 160 - year record .
David Shukman reports .
Conservationists say there are just 3,200 tigers left in the world as the future of the species is threatened by poachers , destruction of their habitat and climate change .
The world population of tigers has fallen by 95 per cent in the past century .
The WWF said it intends to intensify pressure to save the Panthera tigris by classifying it as the most at risk on its roster of 10 critically endangered animals .
It hopes to increase patrols and work with politicians to eradicate poaching and thwart illegal trade of tiger skins and body parts .
The wildlife charity also aims to work with governments to encourage more responsible forest management and compensation for farmers whose livestock are killed by tigers to avoid them being hunted .
Diane Walkington , head of species programme for the WWF in Britain , said : “ This year has been designated the International Year of Biodiversity by the United Nations and so we have created a list of 10 critically important endangered animals that we believe will need special monitoring over the next 12 months .
“ This year will also be the Chinese Year of the Tiger , and so we have put it at the top of our list .
It will have special iconic importance .
“ Of course , there are thousands of other species on the endangered list .
However , there is particular importance in selecting a creature such as the tiger for special attention .
“ To save the tiger , we have to save its habitat – which is also home to many other threatened species .
“ So if we get things right and save the tiger , we will also save many other species at the same time . ”
Also on the WWF ’s endangered list are bluefin tuna , whose population has been devasted by overfishing , and leatherback turtles which are slaughtered by fishing vessels .
The polar bear , whose polar ice hunting ground is melting through climate change , also makes the top 10 , as does the mountain gorilla , whose population has fallen to just 720 in the wild amid poaching and deforestation .
Tiger numbers have dwindled due to a combination of activities by humans .
Demand for their skins , still regarded as luxury items in some countries , has left them at the mercy of poachers who have increasingly targeted the animals .
The threat is compounded by the market for their body parts , which are deemed to hold medicinal properties in some cultures .
Poachers also hunt many species which are tigers ’ prey , diminishing their natural food supply , and forcing them to attack farmers ’ livestock instead .
At the same time , destruction of forests for timber , agriculture and road building has forced tigers into ever smaller areas where they are increasingly vulnerable .
Climate change also poses a growing threat – 70 per cent of the Bengal tiger ’s remaining habitat in the Sunderbans mangrove forest may be lost within 50 years due to rising sea levels .
Of its nine main subspecies , three – the Bali , Caspian and Java tigers – are now extinct , while there has been no reliable siting of a fourth , the South China tiger , for 25 years .
Only the Bengal , Amur , Indo - Chinese , Sumatran and Malayan tigers remain but their the numbers have been reduced to a few hundred per species , save the Bengal and Indo - Chinese .
Fly by Wire reviewed by Philip Greenspun ; January 2010 Site Home : Book Reviews : One Review
This is a review of Fly by Wire : The Geese , the Glide , the Miracle on the Hudson , by William Langewiesche .
It is nice to read a book about aviation , for the general public , written by someone with experience .
" William Archibald Langewiesche " has an Airline Transport Pilot certificate according to FAA registry , a current medical , and an expired Flight Instructor certificate .
As far as the FAA is concerned , Langewiesche has roughly the same certifications as a typical airline captain .
Contrast this with the writings by Malcolm Gladwell , a non-pilot , in the book Outliers ( see " Foreign Airline Safety versus U.S. Major Airlines " for what Gladwell and his publisher missed ) .
The book concerns the U.S. Airways Flight 1549 that landed in the Hudson River on January 15 , 2009 , upstaging George W. Bush 's farewell address to the American people ( blog posting on that topic ) .
Fly by Wire includes a thorough discussion of the principal villains and victims in this incident : the Canada goose .
The goose population explosion , from 200,000 in 1970 to 4 million today , is the result of government wildlife agencies successfully creating non-migratory flocks of the " Giant Canada " goose by clipping their wings ( page 53 ) .
The consequences of this government meddling with Mother Nature have cost vast sums of money and certainly quite a few lives .
Page 56 describes a Concorde losing two engines ( out of four ) after ingesting a single Canada goose at JFK ; shrapnel from the affected engine took out a second engine ; cost to repair was $ 9 million .
As it happens , on page 64 we learn that hydrogen isotope analysis showed that the birds who encountered US Airways 1549 had grown their feathers in northern Canada , i.e. , they were traditional migratory geese .
We learn a fair amount about jet engine bird ingestion standards .
An engine must be designed to liquefy small birds , but when hit by a 12 lb.
Canada goose , it is expected to self - destruct .
The designers ' goal is only that the damage be contained to the housing surrounding the engine .
The middle portion of Fly by Wire contains an excellent description of the Airbus flight envelope protection system , developed by French engineers in the early 1980s .
The Airbus computer systems will not let a pilot stall , overbank , overstress , or overspeed the airplane .
[ Amazingly , none of this is available in the very latest American designs .
The Garmin G1000 and fancy Garmin autopilot , both entirely computerized and will happily fly a $ 3 million Cessna Mustang jet ( for example ) into a stall .
Fed by an angle of attack sensor ( computers angle between the wing and the relative wind ) , the G1000 displays a " green donut " indicating an airspeed of 1.3 times stalling speed in the current configuration at the current weight ( easy to calculate because an airfoil will always stall at the same angle of attack , regardless of weight , temperature , speed , etc. ) .
If a pilot presses the altitude hold button and pulls back the thrust , the autopilot will keep pitching the airplane up right through the green donut .
The autopilot will keep trimming the nose back until the stall warning system activates and the plane is on the edge of a stall .
Only when the stall warning horn blares will the autopilot trip off and hand a disoriented pilot back an airplane that is trimmed full nose up for flight at 85 knots .
You do n't need a fancy fly - by - wire system to protect an airplane from autopilot - induced stalls ; the latest Avidyne autopilot for the Cirrus has " flight envelope protection " in which it will accept an altitude loss rather than let airspeed decay below about 90 knots ( well above the airplane 's roughly 70 - knot no - flap stalling speed ) . ]
The famous American Airlines crash into Cali , Colombia is covered .
This is a famous example in Crew Resource Management training , though its usefulness is questionable .
Both pilots had been U.S. Air Force fighter pilots and were , as is typical for U.S. major airlines , highly experienced .
How is a novice regional airline pilot , transitioning from a two - seat 50 - knot Cessna 152 , supposed to do a better job than these two ?
Technology would definitely have helped , however .
If they 'd had a $ 50 GPS and a $ 30 copy of Microsoft Flight Simulator , the 189 people on that Boeing 757 would still be alive .
But their airplane did not have a GPS nor a synthetic terrain view nor even a color - coded moving map .
A radar altimeter , bouncing a signal from the belly of the plane down to the ground and back , plus a rat - simple computer program alerted the crew to the approaching mountain slope .
By then it was too late to climb over the mountain without perfect technique and the two Air Force veterans were not quite as good as the fly - by - wire system of an Airbus .
[ Illustrating the superior toughness of the species , the survival rate of the canines on board was 100 percent : 1 dog , 1 survivor ( compared to 4 human survivors out of 193 ) . ]
Langewiesche gives us a seemingly clear explanation of a 1988 Airbus A320 crash at an airshow .
The captain blamed the computers ; the copilot kept quiet ; the investigators blamed the captain .
Langewiesche says that the crash occurred at " a small secondary airport with a short [ 2000 ' ] grass runway " .
Wikipedia says that the crash occurred at LFGB , an airport with a 3675 ' asphalt runway .
The French accident report , as best as I can make out with my junior high school French ( studied so long ago that we had to wait for monks to copy out our individual copies of Roman de la Rose ) , includes an airport diagram showing two runways , one of which is indeed a short grass runway ( 785 meters or about 2500 ' ) .
A Google Map image , annotated with the crash site ( " vol 296 " ) , confirms that the Air France crew decided to use the grass runway .
The last portion of the book discusses the US Airways 1549 flight into the Hudson per se .
Although the weather was perfect , the flight started out slightly inauspiciously with Captain Sullenberger violating the sterile cockpit rule ( p49 ) .
Below 10,000 ' , the FAA requires that pilots refrain from conversation that is n't directly related to operating the airplane .
First Officer Jeffrey Skiles was on the controls in his 35th hour of flying the Airbus ( p12 ) .
Skiles had 20,000 hours of flying experience , but mostly in the Boeing 737 .
This was his first trip in the Airbus and it would have been a good time to let him concentrate , but Sullenberger initiated a discussion of the view of the Hudson river ; Skiles properly discouraged this with a monosyllabic response and then returned to the standard callouts .
Once they hit the geese , we learn that the Airbus airspeed tape includes a " best glide " speed indication , something that a Boeing or other airliner with American avionics would not have .
Langewiesche describes a simulator experiment designed to answer the question " Could they have made it back to LaGuardia ? "
In the sim , knowing in advance that they were going to suffer a bird strike and that the engines could not be restarted , four out of four pilots were able to turn the A320 back to LaGuardia and land on Runway 13 .
Sullenberger and Skiles spent about 18 seconds sorting things out before initiating a turn and there was no way for them to make it to LGA by then .
Sullenberger 's best decision at this point was to restart the auxiliary power unit ( APU ) .
The APU is typically switched on as a source of compressed air for starting the engines , then turned off as part of the after - takeoff checklist .
Without electric power , any airliner is uncontrollable .
Even if the airliner has conventional steel cables running to hydraulic actuators , without a running hydraulic pump there wo n't be enough pressure to operate control surfaces .
The Airbus would have popped out its ram air turbine ( RAT ; a window fan basically ) if the left engine had not continued to produce some electricity , but with the APU running the pilots did not have to worry about the airplane becoming unresponsive .
[ Overlooked by both Langewiesche and all of the media reports on the accident is that Sullenberger and Skiles turned in the wrong direction for a Hudson River landing .
The winds were 010 at 10 knots , i.e. , from the north .
This would have favored turning right and landing north into the wind .
By doing so , they would have avoided having to clear the George Washington Bridge .
Presumably because they were still considering landing back at LaGuardia , the crew turned south and landed with a tailwind .
The ground speed was therefore roughly 20 knots faster than it would have been if they 'd landed north , which means that the damage to the fuselage was much more severe than it needed to be . ]
Sullenberger and Skiles held max glide speed until they were clear of the George Washington Bridge and then , when they no longer needed to make a specific distance , slowed up closer to the minimum sink speed ( not indicated on the fancy airspeed tape ) .
The pilots elected not to use maximum flaps , which allow for the slowest possible airspeed but also increase the descent rate dramatically .
Proving Langewiesche's thesis that pilots need to be protected from themselves , Sullenberger seemingly flared too high .
The pilot of a piston - engine four - seater wo n't start trading airspeed for a reduction in descent rate until perhaps 10 ' above the ground .
The airline pilot is accustomed to starting the flare at 50 ' above the ground , partly because of the extra inertia of the heavy airplane and partly because the landings are always power - on .
The Airbus fly - by - wire system allowed Sullenberger to pull the stick fully back and let the airplane trade nearly every last knot of airspeed into a reduction of vertical speed .
The actual landing was 144 miles per hour , 9.5 degrees nose up , and 13 feet per second ( 780 feet per minute ) vertical descent rate .
Aside from the high vertical speed , these numbers are pretty close to what you 'd have in a normal landing on a paved runway .
In some ways the automation of a modern airliner hindered the crew , who were beleaguered by a constant stream of audio warnings : " go around " , " wind shear ahead " , " terrain , terrain , pull up , pull up " , " too low , terrain , gear " .
The last chapter is devoted to the passengers .
One woman texts her husband " my flight is crashing " , wishing to spare him the pain of not knowing whether or not she was on the plane .
Skiles was buried in the checklist ; Sullenberger told everyone to " brace for impact " but did not mention that it would be a water landing , so the flight attendants , who could not see out of the windows , had no idea that they would be conducting a water evacuation .
Despite research by Helen Muir , who demonstrated that an airplane evacuation in a dry hangar can turn into chaos by offering people a small cash reward for being among the first 50 percent out , the passengers mostly cooperated to ensure a quick evacuation .
Did the Airbus 's Fly - by - Wire System Make a Difference ?
The reason that we 're supposed to pay attention to this book is that Langewiesche supposedly presents evidence that the fancy computer - controlled fly - by - wire system in the Airbus was a big factor in the Miracle on the Hudson .
However , there is hardly any evidence that the outcome would have been different in , say , a Boeing 737 .
Let 's look at the things that were critical to passenger safety on this flight :
getting the APU on after the engines were damaged , to ensure electric power
figuring out whether it was possible to land at an airport or , if not , where to ditch
configuring the airplane for best glide
avoiding a stall
configuring the airplane for a water landing
Let 's take each one in turn and see how much help Sullenberger and Skiles got .
The Airbus computer system knew that the plane was in flight and could see that the engines were spinning down and that loss of the generators was imminent , yet the software neither suggested turning on the APU nor turned it on itself .
The Airbus computer system knew how high above the ground the airliner was , knew about the obstacles and terrain in the area , and knew where the nearby airports were and what runways they had .
The computer system also continuously calculated the wind speed and direction by comparing airspeed and groundspeed , heading and track over the ground .
The computer system could easily have been programmed with the gliding capabilities of the A320 .
Did it offer any suggestions about the nearest glidable airport and runway ?
Did it highlight those airports in a special color on the moving map ?
No .
The US Airways crew 's most difficult decision was whether to try to make it back to LaGuardia or to land off - airport and the Airbus computer system provided no help .
In configuring the airplane for best glide , the most important thing would be to get the flaps and gear up while retracting any spoilers .
The Airbus provided no help in this regard .
There is no big " I 'm gliding " button .
There is no logic that when the engines spool down and the plane is high above the ground the gear should be pulled up and , if airspeed permits , the flaps pulled back in .
As it happens , Sullenberger and Skiles were already configured for best glide so they did n't have to do anything other than set a reasonable airspeed .
They got some help from the Airbus computer system , but most jet pilots are aware that best glide speed is somewhere between 200 and 250 knots .
In this particular accident , there was no need to glide especially far .
In fact , as noted above , the landing would have been gentler if they 'd turned right rather than left and landed to the north , into the wind , never needing to clear any bridges over the Hudson .
What about avoiding an aerodynamic stall ?
Major airline pilots are accustomed to paying a lot of attention to the airspeed indicator .
It seems very unlikely that Sullenberger and Skiles would have let a Boeing 737 stall .
If they had gotten anywhere near that point , the 737's stick pusher would have put the nose forward and prevented a true stall .
Finally there is configuring the plane for a water landing .
The Airbus has a " ditch switch " but it does n't do most of the things that would help a pilot , e.g. , disabling landing gear extension ( something that pilots might be inclined to do by habit ) , suggesting the use of partial flaps if neither engine is operating ( to avoid a high descent rate ) , and notifying the flight attendants that a water landing is imminent .
The " ditch switch " on the Airbus is similar to the " close the outflow valves " switches on other airliners and has the effect of sealing up the pressure vessel .
In the case of US Airways 1549 , the pilots forgot to press the switch , but that probably did n't have a big effect on how quickly the fuselage filled with water .
The fuselage was damaged due to the impact vertical speed having exceeded the design limit ( certification standards are great at ensuring that the airframe is strong enough to withstand a ditching with one or both engines operating , but sadly nearly all of the airliners that have ever ditched have done so after fuel exhaustion or some other event that resulted in all engines failing ) .
Langewiesche convincingly shows that the Airbus fly - by - wire system helps a lot of pilots avoid the consequences of their sloppiness .
He fails to show that it made any difference to U.S. Airways 1549 .
Despite this failure , the book is well worth reading .
More :
About the Author
Atlantic
About the Reviewer
philg@mit.edu
How to create a Ruby extension in C in under 5 minutes
By Peter Cooper
Many coders will reach a situation where developing a C extension makes sense , whether for doing ' heavy lifting ' , diving into assembly language , interfacing with other C code , etc .
Luckily , developing a basic Ruby extension in C is easy .
Note :
This article assumes you are using a UNIX of some sort ( this was all tested on OS X ) and that you have Ruby installed properly ( from source , ideally , so you have ruby.h available ) .
If not , you may be stuck .
First , create a directory called MyTest ( or whatever you want your extension to be called ) and in there create two files , extconf.rb and MyTest .c ( if you want to download pre-written sources , they 're in this tar file ) .
In extconf.rb , put the following :
require ' mkmf ' extension_name = ' mytest ' dir_config ( extension_name ) create_makefile ( extension_name )
This code is pretty self descriptive .
It loads up Ruby 's makefile library , sets up the environment , and creates a Makefile .
Next , create the actual extension in MyTest.c .
Here 's some demonstration code to create a basic module with a single method called ' test1 ' which returns ' 10 ' when called :
// Include the Ruby headers and goodies #include " ruby.h " //
Defining a space for information and references about the module to be stored internally VALUE MyTest = Qnil ; // Prototype for the initialization method - Ruby calls this , not you void Init_mytest ( ) ; //
Prototype for our method ' test1 ' - methods are prefixed by ' method_ ' here VALUE method_test1 ( VALUE self ) ; //
The initialization method for this module void Init_mytest ( ) { MyTest = rb_define_module ( " MyTest " ) ; rb_define_method ( MyTest , " test1 " , method_test1 , 0 ) ; } // Our ' test1 ' method .. it simply returns a value of ' 10 ' for now .
VALUE method_test1 ( VALUE self ) { int x = 10 ; return INT2NUM ( x ) ; }
For C , it 's reasonably simple code .
We include the Ruby headers via ruby.h , set up a variable to store the module in , and create two functions , one which is called by Ruby when it initiates the module , and the other is our test1 method ( Note that in the code above we define MyTest as a module , but you could just as easily use rb_define_class to create a class , if that 's what you wanted to do . )
Next we need to compile our hard work .
Make sure you 're in the MyTest directory and run ruby extconf.rb , and it should say that the Makefile has been created .
If so , you can then run make to compile and build the extension .
As long as no errors occur , run up irb ( or create a new Ruby program ) and test out your newly build extension like so :
irb ( main ) : 001:0 > require ' mytest ' => true irb( main ) : 002:0 > include MyTest =>
Object irb( main ) : 003:0 > puts test1 10
Et voila !
The world 's simplest Ruby extension written in C in under 5 minutes .
It does n't do much , it 's overly basic , but this is the springboard to greater things :)
