Ted Stevens , with his daughter Beth Stevens , left , and wife , Catherine , right , arrives at U.S. District Court in Washington Oct. 22 as his corruption trial goes to the jury .
Messy trial ends with a decisive verdict
The trial of Sen .
Ted Stevens was at times sloppy , chaotic and bogged down in contradictory testimony — but in the end , the federal jury took swift and decisive action in branding the Alaska senator a corrupt politician who violated the trust of his office .
In a historic decision that leaves one of the Senate ’s giants in political limbo , Stevens , 84 , was convicted on seven counts of failing to report more than $ 250,000 in improper gifts and home renovations he received from 1999 to 2006 .
The verdict is a stunning blow to a political career that has lasted more than 40 years and covered Alaska ’s entire history as a part of the United States .
Advertisement
Stevens ’ lawyers have already started talking about an appeal , but unless he resigns in the coming days , Stevens faces more dire realities : a Nov. 4 reelection bid , a sentencing hearing and potential expulsion from the Senate even if Alaskan voters still decide to return him to Washington .
In a statement on his website , Stevens said he was “ obviously disappointed in the verdict but not surprised given the repeated instances of prosecutorial misconduct in this case . ”
“ I am innocent , ” Stevens said .
“ I ask that Alaskans and my Senate colleagues stand with me as I pursue my rights .
I remain a candidate for the United States Senate . ”
The prosecution ’s successful case relied on e-mails between Stevens and Alaska businessman Bill Allen , former CEO of Veco Corp. , the company that carried out the renovations to Stevens ’ Girdwood , Alaska , chalet that were never reported in Senate financial disclosures .
The Justice Department also relied on testimony from Allen and several of his employees who gave damaging details about doing special favors for the senator .
The Monday morning quarterbacking for Stevens ’ high - profile defense team — led by Washington über - lawyer Brendan Sullivan — will center on whether the senator ’s own testimony hurt him .
Stevens insisted on taking the witness stand last week and was even warned by Judge Emmet Sullivan that he had no obligation to do so .
In two days of testimony , Stevens showed why he has a reputation as one of the most intimidating and hot - tempered members of the Senate .
Stevens talked back to prosecutor Brenda Morris and criticized her questions at times , yet tried to portray himself as completely uninvolved in the family finances that revealed the $ 250,000 in illegal gifts and services .
The Justice Department indicted Stevens on July 29 , and Stevens took another huge legal gamble by asking for a speedy trial to resolve the charges before Election Day .
Stevens could be sentenced to up to 35 years in federal prison , although considering his age and lack of previous convictions , he is unlikely to receive anywhere near the maximum sentence .
The motions hearing is scheduled for Feb. 25 , and Stevens ’ attorneys have already told Judge Sullivan they would file motions by early December to overturn the verdict .
Prosecutors were not without their own problems during this trial , and Judge Sullivan scolded them repeatedly about their failure to turn over to defense counsel all the materials and documents they had on Stevens .
At one point , Judge Sullivan considered a defense motion to dismiss the charges or order a mistrial after it was revealed that DOJ officials secretly flew one witness back to Alaska without telling the defense team .
But Judge Sullivan , who earned praise from court watchers for his handling of the difficult trial , declined to go along with the defense motion , and he tempered any criticism of prosecutors in his jury instructions despite his clear unhappiness at times with the Justice Department team .
Stevens does have some legal options still open to him .
Robert Cary , a Stevens defense attorney , signaled that the senator would offer a motion for a new trial , which would set aside this verdict , or he could ask for an appeal .
Those motions would be ruled on by Judge Sullivan long after Stevens ’ political fate is decided , so the Alaska Republican may have lots of time to play out that string .
With his bleak legal and political future , Stevens at least knows he wo n’t live out his final days penniless should he resign or lose his Senate seat .
Thanks to an exemption in Senate rules , the crime of filing false reports is not one of those that would lead to the revocation of a senator ’s pension .
“ It ’s really a very small list ” of crimes that cause the loss of a senator ’s pension , said Melanie Sloan , the executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
“ This is just another example of why this list is n’t good enough , because members can always find new ways to violate the law that wo n’t be on that list . ”
Sloan , a former federal prosecutor , said federal sentencing guidelines would limit the maximum sentence Stevens receives to somewhere in the neighborhood of 18 to 34 months because the senator does not have any prior convictions .
And she said the judge could give Stevens a shorter sentence , in light of his age .
Leading up to the verdict announcement , it was n’t clear to most observers that this would be a slam - dunk conviction .
The verdict came after a tumultuous four days in the jury room .
First there were complaints about an unruly juror , then another had to be replaced when she left Washington following the death of her father .
Finally , jurors on Monday discovered a discrepancy in the indictment that had been overlooked by prosecutors .
The verdict was also a huge win for the Justice Department — especially Morris , the lead prosecutor in the case , and her team of lawyers and investigators .
Simply investigating a lawmaker of Stevens ’ standing and reputation was a risky proposition , much less indicting and convicting him .
The heart of the government ’s case against Stevens centered on the nearly total overhaul of his Girdwood home during 2000 and 2001 .
Allen , a close friend of Stevens , turned on him in testimony , saying that Stevens never paid for the renovations or reported them on his annual financial disclosure forms .
Stevens countered that he paid more than $ 160,000 to other contractors for the home renovation project .
Stevens and his wife , Catherine Stevens , said she handled the couple ’s finances and that the senator was not closely involved in the remodeling .
The pivotal moment in the proceedings appeared to come when Stevens and his wife took the stand .
Both told disjointed stories that failed to follow a cohesive narrative , and prosecutors were able to dissect their claims during cross-examination .
“ This case has been a long time coming , ” Morris said during her closing comments to the jury .
“ This trial has exposed the truth about one of the longest - sitting senators . ”
Patrick O’Connor contributed to this story .
J. PETER FREIRE is at school , learning to be a better pundit .
He is being trained to carve his conservative philosophy into bite - size nuggets  preferably ones that end with a zinger  and to avoid questions he does n’t like .
He is discovering the right way to attack opponents ( with a smile ) and to steer a conversation in his direction ( by interrupting ) .
Journalists once had to achieve a certain gravitas before appearing on television as a political expert , but not anymore .
Thanks to the 24 - hour news cycle , a riveting presidential election and the proliferation of cable channels , people like Mr. Freire , who is 26 and has been managing editor of The American Spectator , a conservative magazine , since January , are finding themselves in hot demand .
Tucker Carlson may have paved the way , becoming a host of “ Crossfire ” when barely over age 30 .
More - recent role models include Luke Russert , the 23 - year - old son of the late Tim Russert , who was hired by NBC this summer to cover the youth vote , and Rachel Maddow , who is 35 and rose from nowhere to become a top- rated headliner on MSNBC .
But the transition from dorm - room debates to prime - time TV is n’t always easy , and that ’s where pundit school comes in .
Mr. Freire , whose résumé since graduating from Cornell includes a string of internships and short - term jobs , started making the television rounds 
Fox News , MSNBC , C - Span , you name it  after he got his current job .
Then came the embarrassing on - air moment when , by his account , a Fox News host baited him into calling for a boycott of The New York Times , where he had once been an editorial clerk .
Mr. Freire , who had known for some time that he had room for improvement in his TV appearances , decided to seek professional media training .
La lider magisterial Elba Esther Gordillo aseguró que las protestas serán una " presión legítima al Congreso para que nuestra voz sea escuchada y no nos vayan a mayoritear " , dijo al convocar a maestros a la movilización en demanda de más presupuesto .
( Foto : Archivo / El Universal )
Después de poco más de 20 años , Elba Esther Gordillo , presidenta del Sindicato Nacional de Trabajadores de la Educación ( SNTE ) convocó a los maestros a salir la calle para movilizarse en demanda de que les sean otorgados casi 8 mil millones de pesos adicionales al presupuesto que se destinará en 2009 a la Alianza por la Calidad de la Educación
A budding Prop 8 rally outside the LDS Temple in Oakland has forced the CHP to shut down some Highway 13 ramps .
According to the Gate , " CHP officials said do not know when they might reopen the southbound ramp at Lincoln Avenue and northbound ramp at Joaquin Miller Road .
The CHP said the ramps were closed to protect the pedestrians involved in the protest at the church . "
Similar protests at evangelical churches and Mormon temples are being held across the state today , most angrily at Saddleback Church on Orange County .
A Prop 8 protest is happening in Sacramento today as well .
Stay tuned for pics and reports from the state capital later today .
Oh , and to find out info on California 's anti-separate - but - equal protests , articles , links , news items and more , check out Stop8.org .
Seriously , bookmark it .
Mr Blackwell 's Worst Dressed List is History 1922-2008
, fashion critic , journalist , television and radio personality died in Los Angeles on Sunday October 19 , 2008 of complications from an intestinal infection .
He was 86 years old according to his publicist
Born Richard Selzer , he came from a family of meager means but as a child was able to land a part in the Dead End Kids and an acting career evolved .
He later became a noted clothing designer who eventually put together the annual Top Ten Worst Dressed Women list .
He enjoyed recalling that the first year his list came out everyone was mad as hell and that established his list and made him a name .
He was relentless in his damnation of certain stars including Anna Nicole Smith and Barbra Streisand .
His last swipe was in 2007 when he called Britney Spears and Paris Hilton " two peas in an overexposed pod , style - free and fashion deprived " .
Blackwell wrote two books : Mr. Blackwell : 30 Years of Fashion Fiascos and an autobiography : From Rags to Bitches .
Check out Mr. Blackwell 's last Worst Dressed list here .
We found this montage to Mr. Blackwell that we thought you might enjoy .
Check it out below .
From their earliest mention in ancient Egyptian inscriptions to the modern trestle and refectory styles we know so well , tables have come a long way .
Today , new materials and design methods are injecting further creativity into modern tables – but are they having an identity crisis ?
These 16 table designs look like they are eager to be something else .
( Image : via John Nouanesing )
Old furniture can always be reinvented with a fresh , bright lick of paint .
This table picks up the concept and runs with it – giving the illusion of a board dripping with a river of fresh red paint .
Designer John Nouanesing hides function ( the table legs ) within illusion – it is likely a great deal sturdier than it first appears .
Here is another table that seems to dispense with legs .
Danish designer Essey ’s Grand Illusion appears to be a tablecloth hovering in mid-air – but the clue is in the title .
It is made from 3 mm - thick acrylic , firm enough to magically suspend your coffee cup ( David Copperfield would approve ) .
More practically , for those with a penchant for countertop composting , the Digestive Table offers an earthier alternative – at its heart is a contained ecosystem to process food scraps and create rich fertilizer for indoor plants .
A table that thinks it ’s a cutlery drawer – called Precious Famine , this arresting web of metalwork is made of Christofle silverware .
Do n’t drop your spoon on this table – you ’ll never find it again .
In a similarly reflective mood , the Brasilia table appears to be salvaging Art from seven years of bad luck , by forming a mosaic of mirror shards .
The inspiration is the chaotic jumble of stone that form the foundations of Brazil ’s capital city .
( Images : via design boom and Anyroom )
These tables do n’t want to keep still – or so it appears .
The r.n.i. tables of Korean designer Chul An Kwak are modeled on running horses , but there ’s a frond - like hint of the deep sea in those trailing legs .
Anyroom ’s
Dance table looks similarly intent on being elsewhere , but more sedately , like a caterpillar .
Surely we are now on firmer ground now , with this bedside table like a low dresser , and this tall table fit for a lamp ?
Not when the former folds out into a sofa ( as easily and simply as sliding out a drawer ) and the latter is a piece of furniture fit for an ancient Celtic warrior .
James McAdam has designed the table as a response to the security fears of around half of Londoners , but it ’s bound to hit a chord with the inhabitants of other thriving cities .
( Image : via Tineke Beunders )
In Japan , a third of a million people are gainfully employed in sending tiny steel balls bouncing around vertical tables .
That seems to be the inspiration behind Marbelous , perhaps the world ’s first piece of Pachinko furniture .
Watch as the balls wind their way through the tabletop , corkscrew down the legs and collect in the feet ( and be sure to watch out for any that have escaped onto the floor ) .
Not content to be just a table , the House On The Table wants to be your entire office .
The draught round your legs may be disconcerting , but otherwise this table offers all the basics of a modern workspace , bookcase and all .
Lee Stoetzel ’s creation looks like it belongs on your shelf , but it is actually a table in disguise – whilst the Stink tree table ( yes , that ’s the name ) cunningly masquerades as an ex-table .
However , a closer look reveals that crack running through its centre is a beautifully crafted tree .
Perhaps modern technology is more to your liking – in which case , these tables are sure to please .
The Wave is a coffee table inset with a network of motion - sensitive LEDs : wave your hand over its surface , and a ripple of light will follow your motion .
A table to make the most of your best glassware .
The HP Labs Misto table , on the other hand , thinks it is your computer screen , allowing you and your loved ones to view photos and movies and play games on its touch - sensitive surface .
( Image : via lovegrove and repucci )
And lastly , a table with a sense of real grandeur .
The Concerto Table looks for all the world like a super - modern Grand Piano … until dinnertime , at which point drawers slide out to reveal your best silver cutlery .
It ’s also designed to be a musical centerpiece , thanks to the built - in housing for an iPod .
But , sadly , there are no ivories to tinkle .
Belgian Prime Minister Sophie Wilmes takes off her protective mask prior to a press conference following the National Security Council meeting on the COVID - 19 outbreak , in Brussels , Wednesday , Sept .
Trump went even further than other uber - rich to shrink taxes
Mourinho gets better of Lampard as Spurs beat Chelsea in Cup
Zalatoris getting a PGA
Tour card a question of when and how
An email service tailored to your needs
Looking for a new email service where you can get the perfect free email address ?
Then you have come to the right place !
At mail.com our email website allows you to choose from over 200 domains when you create an email address .
Sign up now or read more about our mail products below .
Email apps : Experience the convenience of accessing your mail via your smartphone .
Webmail : Our webmail contains a range of great features e.g. unlimited email storage .
Antivirus : Our advanced antivirus software protects your inbox from viruses .
Email domains :
You can select from more than 200 domains when you create your free email address .
Our premium email product
After you have signed up with mail.com and received your email account login , it is possible to upgrade to premium for an even better email experience .
A premium account includes , among other features , the possibility to forward your mails to another email address via POP3 / IMAP .
You can read more about our premium product here .
About mail.com
mail.com was launched in 1995 with the goal of providing unparalleled email functionality to our customers .
Besides our email service we also offer news content , and on our website you will find the latest entertainment news , sport news , tech news and business news .
Need help ?
Please feel free to visit our mail.com support pages anytime .
Register your new email account here – It ’s free !
The random and sporadically updated musings of Old Kentucky Shark , an internet person of ill repute .
Not to be taken in any way seriously .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
How much do the spies of the US government spend on their spying ?
Over $ 47 billion a year , according to budget numbers released on Tuesday by the Director of National Intelligence .
And if you count the military intelligence program , the total amount is closer to $ 60 billion .
This is only the fourth time in U.S. history that the government has publicly disclosed the intelligence budget .
Secrecy News explains :
The aggregate intelligence budget figure ( including national , joint military and tactical intelligence spending ) was first released in 1997 ( $ 26.6 billion ) in response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by the Federation of American Scientists .
It was voluntarily released in 1998 ( $ 26.7 billion ) .
The National Intelligence Program budget was next disclosed in 2007 ( $ 43.5 billion ) , in response to a Congressional mandate , based on a recommendation of the 9/11 Commission .
And then there was today ’s release for 2008 .
In recent years , the most passionate opponent of intelligence budget disclosure has been none other than Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - AK ) , whose own financial non-disclosure practices have recently earned him multiple felony convictions .
In an October 4 , 2004 Senate floor debate , Senator Stevens usefully marshaled all of the traditional arguments against disclosure .
Most of them were false at the time .
Others have since been disproven .
“ No other nation , friend , or ally , reveals the amount that it spends on intelligence , ” Sen .
Stevens said then .
.
In fact , the United Kingdom , Canada , the Netherlands and other countries have published their intelligence budgets for many years without adverse effect .
“ Determining classification is the responsibility and duty of the chief executive of the United States , the President , who is also Commander in Chief , ” said Sen .
Stevens .
“ Presidents Truman through Bush has determined that the overall intelligence budget top - line figure is , and shall remain , classified , and I believe we should not overrule that judgment . ”
But Congress shares responsibility for defining the terms of the classification system .
And as a factual historical matter , President Clinton approved disclosure of the intelligence budget total .
To read more about Stevens –regarding a matter not involving a high - priced massage chair–click here .
By Peter Boyle
October 25 , 2008 -- Some parties in Malaysia ’s ruling National Front ( BN ) government are trying to intimidate opposition parties and social activists , Socialist Party Malaysia ( PSM ) secretary general S.Arutchelvan told Green Left Weekly , a few days after the PSM ’s sole federal MP , Dr D. Jeyakumar , had his car torched by thugs on October 17 .
The previous day , a 26 - year - old human rights activist , Cheng Lee Whee , was arrested under the notorious Internal Security Act ( ISA ) after she made a report accusing the police of abuse of power in an eviction of a poor squatter colony in the state of Johor .
She was charged with “ spreading false information ” .
Cheng had complained that about the violent eviction of 27 squatters and their supporters who were attempting to stop the demolition of a predominantly Malay village Kampung Baru Plentong Tengah on October 16 .
Choo Shinn Chei , a PSM activist , also had her laptop confiscated by police in this incident .
This follows mounting arrests and detentions of other activists — and even bloggers — under the ISA .
This has provoked thousands to demonstrate in recent months for repeal of this colonial - era detention - without - trial law .
All this comes against the background of dramatic gains by opposition parties this year .
Anwar Ibrahim , the leader of the People ’s Front ( PR ) opposition alliance , has recently been elected back to parliament in a by - election .
Despite facing a new government inspired frame - up for “ sodomy ” , Anwar is threatening to unseat the BN government through government MPs defecting to the PR .
The United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) , the dominant party in the BN , has long exploited racial politics to maintain a strong hold on the Malay section of the population since the party was set up in power by the departing British colonialists after World War II .
However , opposition parties in recent years have begun to win over substantial support from Malays .
“ UMNO wants to stop opposition parties from reaching Malay communities ” , explained Arutchelvan .
“ For example , yesterday [ October 22 ] , there was a demo outside our Selangor state assembly member Nasir Hashim ’s office by about 50 - 80 UMNO members .
It was very racialist and sectarian .
“ They reminded Nasir that as he is a Muslim he should not go against Muslims , simply because Nasir had asked a question in
the state assembly about whether zakat money [ Muslim alms for the poor ] could be extended to poor non-Malays . ”
In the Johor incident , the authorities were particularly upset that Chinese activists had gone to support a poor Malay kampung community facing eviction , Arutchelvan said .
On the other hand , the torching of a PSM MP ’s car was a continuation of the rivalry between the PSM and UMNO ’s partner , the Malaysian Indian Congress , for support among poor Indian communities in the Sungai Siput electorate in Perak state .
Arutchelvan said that there had been many attacks against PSM members in the electorate .
However , following the torching , the police have charged a number of people with criminal intimidation for the first time .
However , Arutchelvan added , some BN parties , such as the Malaysian People ’s Movement Party ( Gerakan ) and the People ’s Progressive Party ( PPP ) , are trying to distance themselves from the increasingly racialist and intimidatory political tactics by UMNO .
Meanwhile , the PSM continues to promote class politics against Malaysia ’s elite parties ’ tradition of communal and religious politics .
After winning its first federal MP and state assembly member in the March general elections , the PSM support base continues to grow .
It finally won the right to apply for electoral registration in September this year , after waging a 10 - year - long legal and popular struggle .
More than 1500 celebrated this victory at a fundraising dinner on September 13 and another 800 people attended a rally to celebrate the victory in Kuala Lumpur on October 19 .
Guest speakers at the rally included leaders of other Malaysian opposition parties including the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) , the Justice Party ( PKR ) and Party Islam ( PAS ) .
One of the guest speakers was DAP MP Teresa Kok , whose home was recently firebombed after she received racialist threats .
On October 23 , police arrested 12 people ( including a six - year - old girl ) trying to submit a letter to the PM to seek the release of recent ISA detainees .
Arutchelvan warned that the UMNO - led government facing an internal party crisis as well as the global financial crisis is prepared to use force and oppression to remain in power .
[ More information about the PSM , visit http://www.parti-sosialis.org.
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 772 , October 25 , 2008 . ]
Today we are taking decisive actions to protect the U.S. economy , to strengthen public confidence in our financial institutions , and to foster the robust functioning of our credit markets .
These steps will ensure that the U.S. financial system performs its vital role of providing credit to households and businesses and protecting savings and investments in a manner that promotes strong economic growth in the U.S. and around the world .
The overwhelming majority of banks in the United States are strong and well - capitalized .
These actions will bolster public confidence in our system to restore and stabilize liquidity necessary to support economic growth .
Last week , the President 's Working Group on Financial Markets announced that the U.S. government would deploy all of our tools in a strategic and collaborative manner to address the current instability in our financial markets and mitigate the risks that instability poses for broader economic growth .
This past weekend , we and our G7 colleagues committed to a comprehensive global strategy to provide liquidity to markets , to strengthen financial institutions , to prevent failures that pose systemic risk , to protect savers , and to enforce investor protections .
We welcomed the steps announced by our European colleagues this weekend to implement the action plan , and ensure financial institutions in Europe can finance economic growth .
Today we are implementing our strategy with three important actions .
First , Treasury is announcing a voluntary capital purchase program .
A broad array of financial institutions is eligible to participate in this program by selling preferred shares to the U.S. government on attractive terms that protect the taxpayer .
Second , after receiving a recommendation from the boards of the FDIC and the Federal Reserve , and consulting with the President , Secretary Paulson signed the systemic risk exception to the FDIC Act , enabling the FDIC to temporarily guarantee the senior debt of all FDIC - insured institutions and their holding companies , as well as deposits in non-interest bearing deposit transaction accounts .
Regulators will implement an enhanced supervisory framework to assure appropriate use of this new guarantee .
We are pleased to announce that nine major financial institutions have already agreed to participate in both the capital purchase program and the FDIC guarantee program .
We appreciate that these healthy institutions are taking these steps to strengthen their own positions and to enhance the overall performance of the U.S. economy .
By participating in these programs , these institutions , along with thousands of others to come , will have enhanced capacity to perform their vital function of lending to U.S. consumers and businesses and promoting economic growth .
They have also committed to continued aggressive actions to prevent unnecessary foreclosures and preserve homeownership .
Third , to further increase access to funding for businesses in all sectors of our economy , the Federal Reserve has announced further details of its Commercial Paper Funding Facility ( CPFF ) program , which provides a broad backstop for the commercial paper market .
Beginning October 27 , the CPFF will fund purchases of commercial paper of 3 - month maturity from high - quality issuers .
Together these three steps significantly strengthen the capital position and funding ability of U.S. financial institutions , enabling them to perform their role of underpinning overall economic growth .
These actions demonstrate to market participants here and around the world the strength of the U.S. government 's commitment to take all necessary steps to unlock our credit markets and minimize the impact of the current instability on the overall U.S. economy .
The actions taken today are a powerful step toward restoring the health of the global financial system .
It has landed
The first alpha version of OCaml Batteries Included has landed .
It is now available as source code , from the Forge or as a GODI package .
You may find the API documentation here and the complete documentation there .
Remember , this is alpha - level code , use at your own risk .
Also note that documentation generation is very slow ( 10 + minute on my laptop ) , so do n’t worry if installation seems to last forever , it ’s nearly true but not quite .
Reviews , comments , suggestions and bug reports are particularly welcome .
We have a few trackers for these , as well as a forum , so do n’t hesitate to use them .
We ’re also looking for volunteers to give us a hand , so please consider stepping forward .
What is OCaml Batteries Included ?
Twenty years ago , a language was just a compiler .
You could measure the quality of a language from the beauty of its semantics , the clarity of its syntax , the speed of generated code .
That was then .
In the meantime , the Java and .
Net nuclear plants have been built , while the Python and Ruby communities have gradually developed their own powerhouses .
All these platforms have amply demonstrated that a language can only be as beautiful , clear and fast as the libraries which developers are actually going to use for their work .
In other words , it ’s not about the language anymore , it ’s about the platform .
At this point in time , out - of - the - box , OCaml is n’t a usable platform .
There is no Unicode , there are no modern user interface toolkits , no distributed programming infrastructures , no network services , no type - safe communications , no analysis of other languages , no interfacing with industrial platforms , no XML , non modern two - or three - dimensional drawing engine , etc .
This would not be too much of a problem if OCaml provided an easy way of installing new libraries and of using these libraries once they are installed .
This would also not be too much of a problem if OCaml could somehow guarantee that trivial data structures did n’t need to be reinvented by most projects and that communication between libraries happened lawlessly .
So no , out of the box , OCaml is n’t a usable platform .
However , no matter what you ’re trying to do , chances are that the community has already developed or adapted a tool to make your life easier .
Easy installation of OCaml packages is quite possible , if you are using Debian or Ubuntu ( apt - get ) , Fedora or Red Hat ( yum ) or actually , any Unix - compatible platform , including MacOS X and Windows ( GODI ) .
Simple and reliable usage of installed libraries can be done with Findlib .
A comprehensive Unicode library is available ( Camomile ) , as well as a modern user interface toolkit or two ( LablGtk , OCamlRT ) , a number of distributed programming infrastructures ( OCamlMPI , BSML , Opis , Camlp3l , OCamlNAE ) , libraries to interface with industrial platforms
( OCamlJava , SpiderCaml … ) , to analyse other languages ( CIL , Dalton / FlowCaml , … ) , to read or write XML ( PXP , Expat , … ) , to draw in two or three dimensions ( Cairo , OpenGL ) , to test your programs ( OUnit ) , etc. OCaml even offers a built - in tool to customize the language itself ( Camlp4 ) .
What ’s missing ?
A few things .
For now , not all important libraries are available as simple - to - install packages .
That problem is being addressed by the devoted packagers of Debian , Fedora and GODI , while the possibility exists that the recently announced Symbiosis will also help address the issue .
The other missing part is a standard set of libraries , language extensions and data structures which developers could be assured to find on every OCaml installation , and which would let them write programs without having to endlessly reinvent the same basic wheels , and without spending their time writing adapters between libraries which should work well together but do n’t use the same conventions .
OCaml Batteries Included is one possible answer to this problem .
OCaml Batteries Included consists in
A core set of libraries , designed to define the basic standard data structures .
This set , largely based on both the Base library of OCaml and ExtLib , extends the basic strings , arrays , lists … provided with OCaml and introduces numerous data structures , including enumerations , lazy lists , extendable inputs
and outputs , dynamic arrays , unicode ropes …
and outputs , dynamic arrays , unicode ropes …
A uniformization layer , the glue , on top of chosen existing libraries .
Note that we are not forking any of these libraries , only providing an additional layer on top of them .
The libraries may be installed manually by the user or , preferably , by automatic dependency resolution thanks to apt - get , yum , GODI or some other packaging tool .
The uniformization layer serves to guarantee that libraries play together nicely , that only one manner of reading from a file or writing to the output is necessary , that every data provided by a library may be decoded by another , etc .
Additional documentation on whichever library for which we provide glue , including both low - level documentation ( “ what the heck does this function do ? ” ) , mid-level documentation ( “ why should I use that function ? ” ) and high - level documentation ( “ ok , I ’m new here , where do I start ? ” )
A handful of language extensions , provided as Camlp4 modules , to solve common issues , automatically generate boilerplate code , improve readability , …
In the future , possibly a set of external tools .
Build tools to make all of this transparent .
And , of course , a logo .
OCaml Batteries Included is a project maintained by the community , which means that it depends on you .
If you have ideas , suggestions , complaints , bug reports , if you want to participate , to write code , documentation , tutorials , build tools , review code , have a word in policies , if you want a package to be included in the Batteries , or just to contact us , please visit our website and take advantage of our bug trackers , request for features trackers , forums , etc. ( courtesy of OCaml Core ) .
We can also often be seen on irc , on server freenode , channel #ocaml and , of course on the OCaml Mailing - List .
OCaml Batteries Included is also a work - in - progress .
The version you have in front of your eyes does not contain everything we want to put in it , nor even all the code we have written for it .
But we ’ll get there .
We intend to integrate additional libraries progressively , from minor release to minor release , with major milestones approximately twice per year .
This policy is not written in stone and is largely subject to debate , so do n’t hesitate to comment on the subject .
For more informations on the contents of OCaml Batteries Included , follow us towards the manual .
Relations to other libraries
Project Gallium ’s Base Library
First , a word on vocabulary .
We call “ Base library ” the library provided by INRIA with the default distribution of OCaml .
We do n’t call it “ standard library ” for the simple reason that there are several libraries vying for the status of standard , including Batteries Included .
The relation between Batteries Included and the Base Library is simple : the Base Library is one of the libraries for which Batteries Included provides a uniformization layer .
We are not forking the library , merely providing additional functions , additional documentation , boilerplate code …
The complete Base Library is available in Batteries Included as module Legacy .
Most modules are also available inside the Batteries module hierarchy , sometimes under different names , and usually completed by numerous new functions .
A few modules are considered obsolete and appear only in Legacy .
Jane Street ’s Core
Jane Street ’s
Core is another library vying for the status of standard , this time produced by Jane Street Capital .
This library is comparable in purpose and design to the core of Batteries Included ( actually , we draw some inspiration from them and we hope that they are going to draw some inspiration from us , too ) but there is no code shared between Batteries Included and Jane Street ’s Core for the moment .
In the future , Batteries Included may depend on Jane Street ’s Core .
This is not the case yet as , according to one of Jane Street ’s Core ’s authors , this library may change quite a lot , and in what we understand as possibly incompatible ways , before reaching version 1.0 .
We already depend on two components of Jane Street ’s Core : Type - Conv ( a general infrastructure which may be used to generate boilerplate code ) and Sexplib ( an instance of Type - Conv used to generate code for serializing to / deserializing from human - readable S - Expressions ) .
We intend to extend this to a third component of Jane Street ’s Core : Bin-Prot , another instance of Type - Conv , used this time to generate serialization to / from binary protocols .
ExtLib
ExtLib is another extension of the OCaml Base Library .
ExtLib was designed as a relatively small addition , with the idea of fitting nicely within the OCaml Base Library .
Since 2005 , ExtLib has essentially stopped growing , following a conscious choice from the maintainers .
OCaml Batteries Included is largely based on ExtLib .
Indeed , the core of Batteries is essentially a fork of ExtLib .
We intend to maintain ascending compatibility with ExtLib ( with the exception of changes in module names ) , although we have added a great number of features , fixed bugs , split code , etc .
For most purposes , OCaml Batteries Included contains ExtLib and , in our mind , superseeds this library .
We hope that the maintainers and developers of ExtLib will consider migrating to OCaml Batteries Included and helping us with their skills .
Community OCaml
Community OCaml is an attempt to turn OCaml into an out - of - the - box complete development platform , including numerous libraries .
We have joined forces with the developers of Community OCaml and we share most of our code .
Although the design of Community OCaml is not completely decided yet , it is quite possible that this will end up as distribution consisting in OCaml +
Batteries Included + some package manager .
OCamlNet
OCamlNet is an implementation of numerous Internet protocols for OCaml , along with so many utilities that it almost constitues a complete general - purpose development library for OCaml .
OCaml Batteries Included will depend on OCamlNet and incorporate OCamlNet into its hierarchy .
In particular , for the moment , OCaml Batteries Included provides little in the way of libraries for interacting with the operating system , as we intend to use OCamlNet for that purpose .
Caml Development Kit
The Caml Development Kit , or CDK , was another attempt to build a development platform around OCaml by bundling together OCaml itself and a number of interesting libraries and tools .
By opposition to Batteries Included , this was a monolithic distribution , with a custom compiler and very little documentation .
Development on CDK seems to have died around 2001 .
There is no relation between CDK and Batteries Included other than the common goal .
Any feedback from former CDK users or developers will be welcome , though .
GODI , Apt , Yum
GODI , Apt and Yum are the three main package managers available for OCaml users .
The first one is OCaml - specific , the second one lives in Debian / Ubuntu / Knoppix world and the third one in the Red Hat / Fedora world .
OCaml Batteries Included has no direct relation with either package manager , nor does it replicate the work of any of these managers .
However , as Batteries relies on numerous external libraries , use of a package manager is strongly recommended .
Findlib
Findlib is a compile - time package manager for OCaml .
It lets developers easily specify which libraries are required and manages compile - time dependencies between installed libraries .
OCaml Batteries Included uses Findlib extensively .
Comparable projects , somewhere else
Python Batteries Included
To the best of our knowledge , the term “ Batteries Included ” was first coined by the Python community to describe the standard distribution of Python , which in addition to usual data structures , contains modules for handling databases , compression , a number of file format ( de ) coders including JSON , ( X ) HTML , XML , CSV , cryptography , logging , text interfaces , threading , inter - process communication , implementation of client and server protocols from SMTP to HTTP , communication with external webbrowsers , image and sound manipulation , internationalization , lexing and parsing , graphical interfaces , unit testing , sandboxing , reflexivity , OS - specific services , …
This massive number of out - of - the - box features , along with the conciseness of the language , are probably the two main reasons of the success of Python : simple tasks , even those which require complex libraries , may often be programmed with only a few lines and in a few minutes .
Well , obviously , we ’re trying to provide something as useful with OCaml Batteries Included , but with the added safety and speed of OCaml .
Haskell Batteries Included
The Haskell Platform ( although known as “ Haskell Batteries Included ” ) is a recent project undertaken by the Haskell community with objectives comparable to OCaml Batteries Included : “ provides a comprehensive ,
stable and quality tested base for Haskell projects to work from . ”
At the time of this writing , the Haskell Platform has not released any software , although a first release is expected within a few weeks .
As OCaml Batteries , the Haskell Platform is community - led and relies on a number of decentralized libraries .
As OCaml Batteries , the Haskell Platform requires package management .
There are a number of differences in the methods , though .
Some differences are probably trivial : where we strive to work with any of the major package management systems , the Haskell Platform is based solely on Cabal , which may allow them a better integration .
Where OCaml Batteries attempts to reclassify existing libraries into one uniform hierarchy of modules , the Haskell Platform keeps the original module names , as decided by their original authors , pre-Platform .
Others are quite far - reaching : OCaml Batteries provides an extended core of libraries to serve as support for standardization and uniformization , while the Haskell Platform does n’t .
Similarly , the Haskell Platform does n’t add any uniformization layer , which means that the task of getting libraries to work together lies upon the end -user .
Some Haskell libraries may be patched into compliance and uniformization , but this is not always possible , short of creating cyclic dependencies between libraries which should work together but do n’t .
Finally , the Haskell Platform has much stricter guidelines regarding libraries which can or ca n’t make it into the Platform .
This is a good thing if library authors are willing to fix whichever problems prevent the inclusion of their work — something which we do n’t assume for OCaml Batteries , at least not yet .
Despite these differences , both projects seem based on solid foundations .
And hopefully , both will achieve large success .
WASHINGTON --
The U.S. government is expected to take stakes in nine of the nation 's top financial institutions as part of a new plan to restore confidence to the battered U.S. banking system , a far - reaching effort that puts the government 's guarantee behind the basic plumbing of financial markets .
To kick off Tuesday 's expected announcement , the government is set to buy preferred equity stakes in Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Morgan Stanley , J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. , Bank of America Corp. -- including the soon - to - be acquired Merrill ...
Faced with overwhelming condemnation and the NRCC basically dumping her campaign after her appearance on Hardball where she suggested that Barack Obama was anti-American and that the press should do an expose to see whether Democrats hold pro- or anti-America attitude , Bachmann taped what was billed as an " apology " ad .
The resulting ad ?
Not so much of an apology .
I do n't always get my words right , but I know my heart is right ...
Meh .
That 's not an apology as far as I 'm concerned .
Further , it does n't square with her own reaction to the blowback from her appearance .
First , she claimed she never said it .
But she then did a 180 and re-asserted Obama ’s views were anti-American .
Then , after her Democratic rival Elwyn Tinklenberg raised $ 1.4 million from Americans disgusted by her neo-McCarthyism , she tried to fundraise off her outrage at Matthews and liberal blogs for twisting her words .
And then this ... it does n't come close to actually apologizing .
Clearly , she did n't want to repeat what she said , but polls are showing a significant slippage in her approval :
Nearly four of 10 likely voters in the Sixth Congressional District say they are less likely to support Rep. Michele Bachmann because of her comments about Barack Obama and Congress .[..]
Overall , the poll found that voters favored Tinklenberg over Bachmann 45 percent to 43 percent , with 5 percent supporting Independence Party candidate Bob Anderson .
The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.7 percentage points .
Does she honestly think this will help ?
* snort *
Of course , it wo n't stop the NRCC from raising money off Bachmann , even as they 've cast her out .
You know the big National Debt Clock in New York that displays the real - time value of the country 's debt ?
Well , it needs another digit , because the amount has outgrown the 13 - spot clock .
Gothamist : After the end of the Clinton era , the National Debt Clock in midtown was temporarily turned off because the number had actually started to go down for the first time since it was installed in 1989 by real estate developer Seymour Durst .
Now , after eight years of The Decider , the number 's gotten so vast and incomprehensible and depressing that the sign is n't big enough for all those digits .
It 's passed $ 10 trillion , and the Durst Organization will have to add another a spot for a 14th digit — while they 're at it , they may as well make room for a 15th and 16th digit , and change the currency to yuan .
For now the digital dollar sign currently on the clock has gotten its big break and stepped into the role of the ' 1 ' in $ 10 trillion .
Break a leg , $ !
We say , " Why not just turn it off again ? "
Out of sight , out of mind .
Plus then the Durst Organization wo n't have to spend the money to fix it , and the last thing any business needs nowadays is an additional expense .
San Francisco - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) has filed friend - of - the - court briefs in two key electronic privacy cases that threaten to expand the government 's spying authority .
In the first case , Bunnell v. Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) , EFF filed a brief with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals arguing that federal wiretapping law protects emails from unauthorized interception while they are temporarily stored on the email servers that transmit them .
This case was brought against the MPAA by the owners and operators of TorrentSpy , a search engine that let Internet users locate files on the BitTorrent peer - to - peer network .
After a business dispute , one of TorrentSpy 's independent contractors hacked into the company email server and configured it to copy and forward all incoming and outgoing email to his personal account and then sold the information to the MPAA .
However , the federal district court ruled that because the emails were stored on the mail server for several milliseconds during transmission , they were not technically " intercepted " under the federal Wiretap Act .
In its amicus brief filed Friday , EFF argues that this dangerous ruling is incorrect as a matter of law and must be overturned in order to prevent the government from engaging in similar surveillance without a court order .
" The district court 's decision , if upheld , would have dangerous repercussions far beyond this single case , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
" That court opinion -- holding that the secret and unauthorized copying and forwarding of emails while they pass through an email server is not an illegal interception of those emails -- threatens to wholly eviscerate federal privacy protections against Internet wiretapping and to authorize the government to conduct similar email surveillance without getting a wiretapping order from a judge . "
The second case concerns a request by the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) to a federal magistrate judge in Pennsylvania for authorization to obtain cell phone location tracking information from a mobile phone provider without probable cause .
The magistrate instead demanded that the DOJ obtain a search warrant based on probable cause , and the DOJ appealed that decision to the federal district court in the Western District of Pennsylvania .
In an amicus brief filed Thursday , EFF urged the district court to uphold the magistrate 's ruling and protect cell phone users ' location privacy .
" Location information collected by cell phone companies can provide an extraordinarily invasive glimpse into the private lives of cell phone users .
Courts have the right under statute -- and the duty under the Fourth Amendment -- to demand that the government obtain a search warrant based on probable cause before seizing such sensitive information , " said Bankston .
" This is only the latest of many cases where EFF has been invited to brief judges considering secret surveillance requests that are n't supported by probable cause .
We hope this court recognizes the serious Fourth Amendment questions that are raised by warrantless access to cell phone location information and affirms the magistrate 's denial of the government 's surveillance request . "
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , the ACLU - Foundation of Pennsylvania , and the Center for Democracy and Technology ( CDT ) also joined EFF 's brief .
For the full amicus brief in Bunnell v. MPAA :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/Bunnell_v_MPAA/BunnellAmicus.pdf
For the full amicus brief in the cell phone records case :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/celltracking/LenihanAmicus.pdf
For more on cell phone tracking :
http://www.eff.org/issues/cell-tracking
Contacts :
Kevin Bankston
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston@eff.org
Marcia Hofmann
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
marcia@eff.org
Matt Zimmerman
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
mattz@eff.org
PRINCETON , NJ -- The Sept. 13 -15 Gallup Poll Daily tracking update shows John McCain ( 47 % ) and Barack Obama ( 46 % ) locked in a close contest when registered voters are asked for whom they would vote if the election were held today .
The race has been in a statistical dead heat for the last five days , after McCain 's lead grew to as large as five percentage points following the Republican National Convention .
In essence , the race is back where it was before the flurry of political activity that began Aug. 25 with the Democratic National Convention and continued through the Republican convention , which concluded on Sept .
4 . The candidates were dead even at 45 % in Aug. 22 - 24 tracking , the last report of interviews conducted entirely before the beginning of the Democratic convention .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
It is unclear to what extent this week 's headline news about the collapse of Wall Street financial institutions and changes in the stock market will affect the race .
Obama has generally held the advantage when Americans are asked which candidate would better deal with the economy , though McCain was able to close the gap after the Republican convention .
Monday night 's interviewing did show Obama doing better than he has been in recent updates , but it will take several days to see if he can sustain an improved position .
-- Jeff Jones
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Sept. 13 - 15 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,800 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
WASHINGTON 
In the first of an expected avalanche of post-election regulations , the Bush administration on Friday narrowed the scope of services that can be provided to poor people under Medicaid ’s outpatient hospital benefit .
Public hospitals and state officials immediately protested the action , saying it would reduce Medicaid payments to many hospitals at a time of growing need .
The new rule conflicts with efforts by Congressional leaders and governors to increase federal aid to the states for Medicaid as part of a new economic action plan .
President - elect Barack Obama has endorsed those efforts .
At a news conference on Friday , he said that legislation to stimulate the economy should include “ assistance to state and local governments ” so they would not have to lay off workers or increase taxes .
Like Elvis in ' 68 , Microsoft is itching for a " comeback , " and Windows 7 is the perfect excuse .
In fact , this week in LA at the Professional Developers Conference , Windows 7 officially shoved Vista aside .
Having suffered through the often deserved criticisms of that ill - fated OS installment , Microsoft 's people are thrilled to tears to be able to talk about something ( anything ! ) else .
On Sunday , they took journalists through a lively 7 - hour orientation on Win 7 , then handed off a Dell XPS M1330 loaded with pre-beta Build 6801 .
Thankfully for the overworked , underappreciated developers at Redmond , it 's surprisingly stable , and its look and feel already puts Vista to shame .
Here 's a walkthrough of the system I 'm looking at , some videos showing its basic performance , and then shots of more interface and system details demoed at PDC that will show up in the first beta build .
It 's really hard to piece together everything I experienced at the seminar , so I 'm going to start with the real , actual improvements I see in the system I 've been fiddling with , and then expand into the more rhetorical stuff .
WHAT I'VE ACTUALLY SEEN
For starters , even the early build of Windows 7 feels like a fast , stable environment .
There 's a lot going on behind the scenes to make the OS more usable , one monumental improvement being how video memory is allocated for unseen windows .
( Hint : It 's not . )
The result is a highly responsive machine that gets decent battery life .
Though specs are n't out yet , Windows boss Steve Sinofsky confirmed that it could run on systems with just 1GB of RAM .
As you might expect , I 'm already seeing smarter user - interface decisions .
Here are three great examples :
Advertisement
Choosing a Wi -Fi network now takes just one click , straight from the system tray .
How much of a no - brainer was that ?
Instead of the clicking on the insulting " networks are available " pop-up , you actually get the available networks .
Speaking of the system tray , it now gives you more complete control over what you see — instead of just hide or show , you can get it to display particular notifications , as you see here :
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The dreaded User Account Control lives up to its name with more control .
Yes , this slider is how you will be able to reduce the number of pesky pop-up warnings , eliminating all the ones that come from Windows , for instance .
There are four tiers of security in total , so basically two settings between Vista 's tell - me - everything and do n't - tell - me - squat modes .
Advertisement
The sidebar is dead — the gadgets roam free !
Why should keeping one or two gadget / widgets alive mean sacrificing a fifth of your clickable screen ?
Now when you add gadgets , they stack up on the right , but you are at liberty to put them wherever you want , and they 're always there , hiding under your windows .
This is an idea I wish Apple would incorporate too .
Speaking of Apple and things hiding under windows , there 's an upcoming " peek " feature that I will show below in the up - coming section .
There are some other new interface elements that might be quite useful .
Microsoft is sort of the opposite of Apple when it comes to organizing your media files :
Apple helps you put them all in one place , while Microsoft says it 's okay to leave them scattered around .
Up until now , though , it was hard for Microsoft 's software to keep track of everything .
But there are two new tools , one local and one networked , that will help you track all kinds of media files .
Advertisement
Libraries let you clump together same - type content no matter where it is on the system .
If you have pictures in one set of folders , and other pictures in another , and you damn well are n't going to merge the folder , you can still track them together by adding them both to the Photo Library .
Libraries even show the contents of local external storage drives you add to them , though when you unmount the external drive , Library offers to ditch its folder .
Advertisement
HomeGroup is a re-do of classic workgroup networking , only with the home in mind .
The feature will only work on Windows 7 , so to test it I 'd need a second loaner unit .
Still , having set up a basic HomeGroup , at least the initial interface and Microsoft 's literature suggest that this will simplify viewing content across multiple machines , and sharing printers and other products .
Let 's hope so , because it could also be one of those classic " Why wo n't this work for me ???? " networking wizards .
( Or is it just me who gets those ? )
Here are some other shots from the pre-beta unit I 'm looking at , including : • Ribbon interface now appearing on WordPad and Paint ( and nothing else so far ) • Solutions Center that will soon be re-branded as Action Center • New fast - launching " lightweight " Windows Media Player • Subtler , but still cool , improvements to the main Windows Media Player • Windows information page , so you can see the attributes of the system
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
VIDEO
I shot the following videos to get you some immediate sense of what it 's like to use the Windows 7 laptop , but though in some instances it is compared to a reasonably similar system that is also fairly clean , this is n't any kind of test .
It is interesting to note , though , that while the Win 7 boots way faster here ( even with the other computer 's BIOS startup out of the way ) , it actually takes longer than the other system to shut down .
But yes , these are totally unscientific , just a nice thing to observe : Totally Unscientific Video of Boot - Up Time Totally Unscientific Video of Shut - Down Time Super Scientific Video of New Window Resizing Feature WHAT MICROSOFT IS PROMISING
The sad thing about the build that Microsoft handed out is that it 's missing a lot of the neat stuff that they showed off at the conference , and have been hinting at elsewhere .
Though we did see a lot of this stuff running on systems , we could n't take photos or video — not even of the slides .
User Interface Improvements
In the last video above , I say more UI to come , and I mean " in the beta . "
Here are the new promised UI effects — all of which make Vista 's Flip3D look like the OS equivalent of the infamous " Mission Accomplished " banner .
Advertisement
While I 'm a fan of the mouse hot - corner " Peek " function in the above photo , that lets you see gadgets or icons that windows could be obscuring , the biggest improvement to the Windows UI is probably in the Taskbar .
It 's gone through quite a few evolutions already , but this latest one is pretty great .
Click on an app , and contextual menus pop up , giving you options like opening recent documents .
The Taskbar can pull information that 's already part of the program , so new apps do n't need special programming to work here .
Another aspect of the new Taskbar will be the preview feature , which will show you floating glimpses of hidden windows .
( I 'm still hazy on this one , so we 'll have to revisit it once the beta comes out . )
Advertisement
Advertisement
Other improvements come in the natural - interface category :
You can now write in math equations .
( I think this is cool , even though it 's been a very long time since I 've actually written out any math more complex than a bar tab . )
Advertisement
Windows 7 will have great native touch and multitouch benefits too — none shown here unfortunately : Menus subtly enlarge when tapped with a finger instead of a mouse cursor ; the mouse cursor disappears when the finger touches the screen ; and iPhone / Surface - style pinching and stretching are now part of the OS .
Cool Device Tricks
As a gadget lover like most of you , one of my favorite parts of the conference was the device discussion .
I am happy to report that , for starters , Windows 7 is itself a more aggressive media playback system , natively handling both AAC and H.264 as well as DivX and Xvid without third - party download .
Advertisement
It 's also a DLNA 1.5 system with some neat tricks up its sleeve .
Windows Media Player has a " play to " feature ( at left ) that you can reach via the Taskbar — one click and you can pull up a song , start playing , and even jump to the next .
But here 's the coolness :
You can use that same feature to pull songs from other places on the network .
And you can send the song to play through a Sonos or other compatible player on the network , rather than through your dinky laptop speakers .
You can even , theoretically , if everything 's visible on the net , pull DRM - free AAC files from a Mac , and tell it to play on the Sonos , re-encoding it on the fly if the Sonos does n't support AAC .
In this case , the compatibility is only as good as the interface , and the interface is only as good as the compatibility , so I am eager to see how this is executed .
Advertisement
A nice servicey program for interfacing with gadgets and peripherals is called Device Stage .
Yesterday in comments , it got maligned a bit as the new PlaysForSure , but that 's a branding it does n't deserve .
Not yet , at least .
The system allows camera , phone , MP3 player and printer makers to create mini interfaces for their devices .
The products appear in the Taskbar when connected , with their own pop-up menus of activities , like offloading pics or uploading music .
In addition to the pop -up Taskbar menu , each device will have its own pop-up page with links to ordering supplies or downloading the manual in PDF format , plus a photorealistic icon that will appear wherever the device is referred to .
Windows 7 Pre-Beta Details Leak Microsoft is not including all the new Windows 7 goodies in the pre-beta version that will be …
Read more
Advertisement
For Device Stage to work , the third - party brands will have to provide their own content , but it will get served throughout the world by Microsoft .
If there is no Device Stage present , you get the basic AutoPlay pop -up that we 've seen for ages .
When I asked Microsoft how aggressive they would be in getting companies on board with Device Stage , they said that the companies themselves were excited about the chance to do it .
As someone who was bitterly let down by PlaysForSure , I can tell you , this ain't the same .
I realize I covered far more of the external bits and far less of the internal guts than some of you folks wish — nor I even touched on the new Windows Live and IE8 features , both of which are somewhat visible already — but it 's early yet , and while I will always focus on usability , there will be a lot more to look at in the coming months as the builds get richer and the testing is more reflective of the final product .
As far as exact dates go , Microsoft is reluctant to carve anything too deep into granite , but can you blame them ?
For now , we should just be happy that Windows 7 appears to be on the right track .
You can almost look at consumer - level Windows — that is , 95 , 98 , Me , XP , Vista and Win 7 — like the first six Star Trek movies :
They pretty reliably alternate between crap and quality .
All I can say is , screw the Final Frontier , and hellloooo , Undiscovered Country .
That , and thanks to Microsoft for talking about Windows 7 early and often .
It helps .
Just do n't screw it up !
[ Windows 7 News on Giz ] UPDATE :
For a brief technical look at what 's great about Windows 7's innards , check out Giz Explains : Why Windows 7 Will Smash Vista
As coral reefs around the world continue to disappear , one Florida town has taken the initiative by investing $ 60,000 to stimulate coral reef growth using electricity .
While there is not yet peer - reviewed evidence to suggest that using a low powered electrical current works , scientists are not dismissing the idea .
The company that has been hired to make the reefs claims that they have had many prior successes .
[ social_buttons ]
The town of Lauderdale - by - the - Sea has hired the company Global Coral Reef Alliance to construct the artificial reefs .
The group is licensed to use the technology made by a company known as Biorock .
What Biorock makes are steel frames suitable for underwater use that have a strength comparable to concrete .
A low power electrical current is run through the frames and helps to stimulate the growth of limestone rock and corals ( it does not harm animals ) .
You can see some photos of Biorock ’s technology by clicking here .
Lauderdale - by - the - Sea ’s plan is to have six of these structures located off of its beach , in close proximity to a reef that has been deteriorating .
They will be in the shape of airplane hangers and will be about 6 feet in length .
Two buoys that would be placed directly above the water ’s surface would collect solar energy using panels , and distribute the low power electricity current below .
Corals from nearby areas that are still alive , yet isolated , would be added to the frames to help increase the speed of reef growth .
The plan still needs to be permitted by the Florida Department of Environmental Protection and the Army Corps of Engineers .
Several conservationists with ties to the area first proposed the idea , and it is hoped that restored reefs would help generate tourism for the town .
It has been known in the past for having easy beach access for viewing coral reefs – a key plus for scuba divers and tour groups .
What is not clear is whether or not the use of an electrical current actually works to stimulate growth of corals .
The Sun Sentinel writes the following :
John McManus , director of the National Center for Coral Reef Research at the University of Miami , said there ’s no doubt steel frames will grow coral , if only because they provide a surface off the murky floor of the ocean .
But while a mild electric current stimulates coral growth initially , he said it ’s unclear whether the benefit continues after the coral has thickened enough to block the current .
Most important , he said , there have been no studies comparing electrified steel structures with identical structures without electricity .
“ There ’s not much evidence to say it ’s worth putting the electricity through , ” he said .
“ It ’s probably not going to do any harm .
It might do some good . ”
The Global Coral Reef Alliance and Biorock on the other hand , claim that their technology and reefs have been successful .
They have built reefs around the world in the waters of countries like Mexico , Panama , Thailand , and Indonesia .
In any case , it ’s great to see a Florida community doing their best to help restore coral reefs .
Reefs are threatened on a major scale because of global climate change and pollution , among other significant causes .
Photo Credit : Richard Musset on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Welcome to The Fresh Loaf , a community for amateur artisan bakers and bread enthusiasts !
A free site membership is required to post comments , share recipes , or create a baker blog .
Please register today and join us !
Existing site members , login here .
THE OTHER WARDROBE MYSTERY ….
In all sincerity , I had no intention of returning to the subject of Sarah Palin ’s $ 150,000 campaign wardrobe , but there ’s been one unexpected twist .
Up until now , the question has been , “ Why did the RNC spend so much money on clothing and accessories ? ”
This afternoon , a report from the New York Times generated a new question : “ Why do n’t the numbers add up ? ”
Some of the fashion experts consulted Wednesday , for instance , about the $ 150,000 in purchases that appeared on Federal Election Commission records were puzzled by where all of that money had gone , given what they had seen of Ms. Palin ’s wardrobe .
Consider also the $ 4,902.45 charge at Atelier New York , a high - end men ’s store , presumably for Ms. Palin ’s husband , Todd , the famous First Dude .
Karlo Steel , an owner there , said he had gone through the store ’s receipts for September , twice , and found no sales that matched that amount , nor any combination of sales that added up to the total .
Because the store carries aggressively directional men’s wear , he caters to a small clientele and knows most of his customers by name , as well as the history of their purchases … .
“ We have no recollection of that sale and no idea what they are talking about , ” Mr. Steel said .
Similarly , the RNC records show a charge of $ 98 at a high - end children ’s boutique in Minneapolis , but after going through their receipts , the store owners found no record of the sale .
And here I thought the story was odd enough before .
Subject : Letter to the Red States Dear Red States :
We 've decided we 're leaving .
We intend to form our own country , and we 're taking the other
Blue States with us .
In case you are n't aware , that includes California , Hawaii , Oregon ,
Washington , Minnesota , Wisconsin , Michigan , Illinois and all the Northeast .
We believe this
split will be beneficial to the nation , and especially to the people of the new country of New California .
To sum up briefly :
You get Texas , Oklahoma and all the slave states .
We get stem cell research
and the best beaches .
We get the Statue of Liberty .
You get Dollywood .
We get Intel and Microsoft .
You get WorldCom .
We get Harvard .
You get Ole ' Miss .
We get 85 percent of America 's venture
capital and entrepreneurs .
You get Alabama .
We get two - thirds of the tax revenue , you get to make
the red states pay their fair share .
Since our aggregate divorce rate is 22 percent lower than the Christian Coalition 's , we get a bunch
of happy families .
You get a bunch of single moms .
Please be aware that Nuevo California will be
pro-choice and anti-war , and we 're going to want all our citizensback from Iraq at once .
If you
need people to fight , ask your evangelicals .
They have kids they 're apparently willing to send to
their deaths for no purpose , and they do n't care if you do n't show pictures of their children's
caskets coming home .
We do wish you success in Iraq , and hope that the WMDs turn up ,
but we 're not willing to spend our resources in Bush 's Quagmire .
With the Blue States in hand , we will have firm control of 80 percent of the country 's fresh water ,
more than 90 percent of the pineapple and lettuce , 92 percent of the nation 's fresh fruit , 95 percent
of America 's quality wines , 90 percent of all cheese , 90 percent of the high tech industry , most of
the U.S. low - sulfur coal , all living redwoods , sequoias and condors , all the Ivy and Seven Sister
schools plus Stanford , Cal Tech and MIT .
With the Red States , on the other hand , you will have
to cope with 88 percent of all obese Americans ( and their projected health care costs ) , 92 percent
of all U.S. mosquitoes , nearly 100 percent of the tornadoes , 90 percent of the hurricanes , 99 percent
of all Southern Baptists , virtually 100 percent of alltelevangelists , Rush Limbaugh , Bob Jones University ,
Clemson and the University of Georgia .
We get Hollywood and Yosemite , thank you .
Additionally , 38 percent of those in the Red states believe Jonah was actually swallowed by a whale ,
62 percent believe life is sacredunless we 're discussing the war , the death penalty or gun laws ,
44 percent say that evolution is only a theory , 53 percent that Saddam was involved in 9/11 and
61 percent of you crazy bastards believe you are people with higher morals then we lefties .
Finally , we 're taking the good pot , too .
You can have that dirt weed they grow in Mexico .
Peace out ,
Blue States
Back to Bartcop.com
Send e-mail to Bart | Discuss it on The BartCop Forum | Comment on it at the BartBlog
Family , town mourning after tragic accident
RELATED LINK • More Coverage : Father says boy had permission to use gun
By DAVID BERGENGREN
dbergengren@repub.com
WESTFIELD - An 8 - year - old boy died after accidentally shooting himself with an automatic weapon at the Westfield Sportsman 's Club on Furrowtown Road about 2 p.m.
Sunday , police said .
Witnesses told police the boy , whose name was not released , lost control of a fully automatic UZI he was shooting under the supervision of range officers at the club " when the self - inflicted accidental shooting occurred .
He was taken to Baystate Medical Center in Springfield with serious head injuries .
Police announced early Sunday evening that he had died .
Though Westfield police said , " it appears the incident was purely accidental , " a combined investigation of local police and the office of Hampden County District Attorney William M. Bennett is underway .
Police , Sportsman 's Club Speak
" There 's an investigation going on now involving both Westfield police and the state police assigned to my office , " Bennett said Sunday night .
Asked to comment on the advisability of an 8 - year - old shooting an automatic weapon , Bennett said , " Once we have more information on what happened and how it happened , we 'll be in a position to make public statements ( on the incident ) . "
Efforts to reach club officers for comment Sunday were unsuccessful .
Witnesses said the boy " was shooting the weapon down range when the force of the weapon made it travel up and back toward his head , where he suffered the injury , " police said in the statement they released .
He was conscious and lying on the ground at the shooting range with a wound to the right side of his head when police and emergency medical technicians arrived at the scene , police said .
After first aid was administered , the youth , accompanied by his father , was taken to the hospital , police said .
The size of UZIs vary .
Police did not say which model of the weapon the boy was firing .
The weapon was originally designed for use by the Israeli military .
Police declined to give the boy 's hometown , other than to say it was not Westfield .
The Westfield Sportsman 's Club , in association with COP Firearms & Training of Amherst , was conducting a machine gun shoot and firearms exposition this weekend , according to its promotional material for the event .
The advertisement includes the information that , " You will be accompanied to the firing line with a Certified Instructor to guide you . "
Attendees under the age of 16 were admitted free , and free . 22 - caliber pistol and rifle shooting for adults and kids was offered , according to the promotional material .
The sportsman 's club is a private , nonprofit organization incorporated in 1949 that has 375 acres with facilities that include eight firing ranges , as well as facilities for archery and fishing .
As of July , it had nearly 1,200 members .
During a tour of the club in July , its officers pointed out the care taken to ensure safety at the firing ranges .
COP Firearms & Training operates machine gun shoots and provides firearms training and sales , as well as gunsmithing and other services .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
With less than three weeks to go before Election Day , time is running out on the rightwing effort to delegitimize Barack Obama .
At the last debate between John McCain and Obama , McCain finally confronted his opponent directly with the Bill Ayers charge .
It was a half - hearted effort : he noted that he did n’t “ care about an old washed - up terrorist ” but insisted that “ we need to know the full extent ” of Obama ’s relationship with the former Weather Underground radical , who has since become an education expert .
Though McCain succeeded in appeasing conservatives who demanded he pounce on the Ayers matter , the polling evidence has indicated that whining about Obama ’s casual association with Ayers has not yet become a winning tactic for McCain and Republicans trying to depict Obama as an untrustworthy pol outside the American mainstream .
But Ayers is not the only ammo for rightwingers striving to brand Obama as anti-American .
Various conservatives are pushing other lines of attack to achieve this goal .
And as they mount various ploys , their desperation is showing .
Here are some of the last - minute blasts being waged by conservatives hoping to convince voters that they ought to be afraid–very afraid –of Obama :
Mohamed Atta ’s Driver License .
An outfit called the National Republican Trust Political Action Committee has sent out an email to potential conservative donors calling Obama “ dangerous ” and boasting that it has hit on the killer issue that “ will nail him . ”
That issue : Obama supports allowing undocumented aliens to obtain driver ’s licenses .
This means , the group says , that the next Mohamed Atta could obtain a valid driver ’s license–and somehow make use of it in a plot to kill thousands of Americans .
“ We are days away from our new TV ad exposing Obama ’s support for driver ’s licenses for illegals , ” the email says .
Message : Obama does n’t understand the dangers facing the country and will help terrorists conspiring to destroy the United States .
Obama is a Socialist .
McCain came close to saying this at that final debate , when he derided Obama for wanting to “ spread the wealth ” and maintained that Obama ’s plan to raise taxes on the well - to - do to help finance tax cuts for the middle class was “ class warfare . ”
But McCain did not use the S - word .
Others are not so reticent .
Richard Viguerie , chairman of ConservativeHQ.com and a founder of the modern conservative movement , proposes that Obama be slammed in a simple manner .
“ The Obama economic policy , ” he says , “ can be summed up in two words : Marxism / Socialism . ”
In Viguerie ’s view , the McCain campaign and others must reveal that Obama wants to “ re-make America along the lines of socialist countries in Europe , most of which are headed toward collapse . ”
Drop the S - bomb , he urges .
Message : Obama is a commie who hates the rich and wants to kill the American Dream .
Obama Is a Secret Muslim Plotting With an Evil Billionaire .
Human Events , a leading conservative magazine , sent out a promotional email the other day for an anti-Obama book co-written by Floyd Brown , a conservative activist infamous for having cooked up the Willie Horton ad during the 1988 presidential election .
The email notes that there are “ many Islamofascists who are sworn to the destruction of America ” who are “ actively campaigning for Obama ” and that Muslims would demand and receive “ special rights ” from a President Obama .
The email asks , “ Being a Black Muslim does n’t disqualify [ Obama ] from running for President , so why wo n’t he be honest about it ? ”
In other words , yep , he ’s a covert Muslim .
But beyond circulating this canard , the email claims that George Soros , the Hungarian - born billionaire financier who has supported Democratic and liberal causes , is “ planning to sack the US economy , make himself billions richer , and put Obama in the White House marching to his mad tune . ”
Message : A black Muslim in league with an evil Jewish billionaire –you do the math .
Obama Is Fronting for Islamic Jihadists .
Writing in The Washington Times this week , former Reagan Pentagon official Frank Gaffney , charges that Obama ’s campaign has received “ between $ 30 million and $ 100 million ” from the Mideast , Africa and other places [ where ] Islamists are active . ”
He asserts it “ seems likely ” that “ these funds come not only from Wahhabis , Muslim Brotherhood types and jihadists of other stripes but from non-U.S. citizens . ”
( His evidence ?
Do n’t be so picky . )
Gaffney adds that “ Obama hopes to win the White House by relying , in part , on the Jihadist vote . ”
He writes : “ The next three weeks afford the American people–and the media , the courts and the [ Federal Elections Commission ] –an opportunity to get to the bottom of Barack Obama ’s ties to and affinity for jihadists who have their own reasons for relishing his promise of ‘ change ] ’ for this country .
Unfortunately , the change his Islamists supporters have in mind is for global theocratic rule under Shariah , and the end of our constitutional , democratic government . ”
Message : Obama will destroy Christianity in the United States and enslave you within an Islamic dictatorship .
This is heady stuff .
And there are , no doubt , more 11th hour assaults in the works .
Right - wing bloggers have promoted a British news story reporting that an African - American poet and friend of Obama ’s grandfather in Hawaii–when Obama was being raised by his grandparents –wrote pornography and engaged in sex with a 13 - year - old girl .
( Stop everything : Obama , when he was a teenager , received advice on how to be a black man from a pervert ! )
And one right - wing blogger has been pushing the conspiracy theory that it was Bill Ayers who actually wrote Obama ’s book Dreams From My Father .
For months , the McCain camp and conservatives have attempted to persuade voters that Obama is not one of them , not a truly loyal American–that , for instance , he pals around with domestic terrorists , as Governor Sarah Palin put it .
( And the McCain campaign and the Republican Party this week launched a robocall operation that tells potential voters that they “ need to know that Barack Obama has worked closely with domestic terrorist , Bill Ayers , whose organization bombed the US Capitol , the Pentagon , a judge ’s home , and killed Americans . ” )
If the recent polling is accurate , this anti-Obama crusade has not tilted the electorate toward McCain .
But one final push–with or without references to the Reverend Jeremiah Wright–will be coming from rightwingers anxious to prevent an Obama win .
In a letter sent to supporters , Donald Wildmon , chairman of the American Family Association , declares , “ If the liberals win the upcoming election , America as we have known it will no longer exist .
This country that we love , founded on Judeo - Christian values , will cease to exist and will be replaced by a secular state hostile to Christianity . ”
Some of these attacks do seem silly and are probably designed more to squeeze money out of paranoid rightwing contributors than to sway swing voters .
( Do n’t vote for Obama because he will let Soros loot the US treasury ? )
But they are something of a warning : if Obama wins , this is the tenor of the conservative opposition he will face right out of the box : sensationalized , racialized , apocalyptic , and crazy .
Pub with no swearing , no gambling and , guess what ... no customers
Of all the careers available to a devout Christian couple , revamping an urban pub and winning over its hardcore regulars was always going to be a gamble .
Sure enough , Krista and John Fleming found they were preaching to the unconverted - and the regulars had every intention of staying that way .
Now the Flemings , who banned swearing and gambling on horseracing , have been sacked after takings plunged .
Faith : Krista and John Fleming say they have been let down
Locals at the Kings Head , in Islington , North London , claim the couple , who have two young sons , have forced out 50 regulars since last September .
George Whipps , 67 , said : ' Those two were almost the ruin of this place .
They told everyone who swore once they would be banned .
They barred people who had been coming here for 30 - odd years . '
Another regular , who only gave her name as Rose , 57 , says was barred when she swore at Mrs Fleming for refusing to serve her more than half a pint .
She said : ' They should have built pews in here rather than chairs .
I have no problem with their religion but ... a pub is a pub .
They started having a quiz and loads of the questions were on the Bible .
' They took down the dart board ... and now there 's some kind of calligraphy up there .
' Whenever people were in the garden and heard her singing hymns upstairs they would join in and drown her out . '
The King 's Head in Islington , where regulars and the new Christian landlords came to loggerheads over swearing and gambling
But Mr and Mrs Fleming , who describe themselves as devout Church of England Christians , said they acted out of ' common decency and the pub struggled because the owners let them down ' .
All the changes , they said , had the backing of owners Oakfield Taverns and their brief was for ' two women to be able to come into the pub , buy a bottle of wine and feel comfortable drinking it ' .
Part of the plan was to get rid of the hardcore Arsenal fans who scared away other customers .
Mrs Fleming , 36 , said : ' I have a family and it's not the kind of language I want where my children are going to be . '
She added : ' We have a very strong faith and we have good family values .
What we were trying to do was fulfil a remit . '
Mr Fleming , 44 , who has managed several pubs , said they had sunk their savings into running the Kings Head .
He denied anyone was barred just for swearing .
' We just did n't want people swearing at the top of their voices , standing at the bar and making other people uncomfortable , ' he said .
His wife said takings had fallen because the pub lost its
Sky sports coverage , had its credit card facilities withdrawn and had problems getting the drinks that customers wanted .
New managers took over three weeks ago but the Flemings refuse to leave the flat above the pub .
The dispute will go to the county court later this month .
Oakfield Taverns said the pub was now ' doing very well ' .
Takings are said to have significantly increased .
And a blackboard has been put up in the pub reading : ' Swearing now allowed '
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
World stock markets were in decline again Tuesday , a day after the collapse of one of the largest investment banks in the U.S. contributed to the worst day on Wall Street in seven years .
A U.S. trader assesses the latest news on Tuesday as markets reel .
But the main U.S. markets did manage to make some gains despite more bad news from the financial sectors .
U.S. stocks moved higher after the Federal Reserve kept a key interest rate which impacts consumer repayments steady at at 2 percent Tuesday .
The Dow Jones industrials closed up about 1.3 percent and above the psychological 11,000 mark .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index gained 1.8 percent and the Nasdaq composite added 1.3 percent .
In Asia , Japan 's Nikkei index fell 4.9 percent and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng Index fell to its lowest point in nearly two years when it dropped by 5.5 percent .
A leading indicator of stock values in South Korea -- the KOSPI index -- went down 6.1 percent .
At the close in Europe , Britain 's FTSE 100 was down 3.43 percent and France 's CAC - 40 was down 1.96 percent .
Key bank stocks were again hit sharply , with HBOS down about 21 percent and Royal Bank of Scotland dropping by 10 percent .
New York - based investment bank Goldman Sachs reported a sharp decline in profits that beat Wall Street 's forecasts .
The bank said its profits fell more than 70 percent to $ 845 million , or $ 1.81 a share , during the third quarter ending in August .
Just a year ago , the company reported a profit of $ 2.85 billion , or $ 6.13 a share .
Wall Street was expecting a profit of $ 1.71 a share .
The financial squeeze was being felt in other sectors as shares in the United States ' largest insurance firm -- American International Group ( AIG ) -- tumbled as it scrambled to raise as much as $ 75 billion to keep itself afloat .
iReport.com : How is the Wall Street crisis affecting you ?
After the close , AIG shares tumbled around 50 percent on a report that the government is considering conservatorship as a means of rescuing the troubled insurer .
The government put Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in conservatorships earlier this month , enabling it to oversee operations and protect the assets of the two mortgage lenders .
After the reports , AIG issued a statement saying that its life insurance , general insurance and retirement services businesses are operating normally .
The insurer reiterated that it continues to look for means of raising capital to address what it says are short - term liquidity issues .
Earlier Tuesday , European central banks pumped billions more in short - term credit into the financial system for a second day to shore up confidence in the aftermath of the collapse of U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers .
The European Central Bank launched its second one - day refinancing operation in as many days , offering up a 4.25 percent bid rate .
On Monday , it added $ 42.5 billion to money markets though banks had oversubscribed the offer by three times to $ 127.8 billion .
In London , the Bank of England provided another $ 35.6 billion in money to markets , four times the amount it pumped in on Monday .
Across Asia , regulators moved to shore up their financial systems in the wake of the collapse of Lehman .
The Bank of Japan injected 2.5 trillion yen ( $ 24 billion ) into money markets Tuesday , while China 's mainland central bank cut a key interest rate Monday for the first time in more than six years .
Hong Kong 's monetary chief announced plans were in place to flush more cash into the banking system if necessary .
The venerable Lehman Brothers investment bank announced Monday it would file for bankruptcy despite frantic efforts to save it .
Watch how the Lehman fallout spread »
British bank Barclays had been engaged in negotiations about a possible takeover of Lehman but pulled out over the weekend .
However , Barclays revealed in a statement early Tuesday that it was interested in acquiring some Lehman assets .
Meanwhile , the Bank of America bought another Wall Street fixture Monday -- Merrill Lynch -- in an all - stock deal worth $ 50 billion .
As a result of the dramatic developments at Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch , the Dow Jones industrial average Monday lost 504 points , or 4.4 percent .
It was the biggest one - day decline for the Dow on a point basis since September 17 , 2001 , when the market reopened for trading after having been closed in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
On a percentage basis , it was the biggest decline since July 19 , 2002 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index lost 4.7 percent , its worst day since September 17 , 2001 , when it plunged 4.9 percent .
The S&P 500 also closed at its lowest point since October 27 , 2005 .
The Nasdaq composite lost 3.6 percent , its worst single - session percentage decline since March 24 , 2003 .
It left the tech - fueled average at its lowest point since March 17 of this year .
" It was an ugly day , " said James King , president and chief investment officer at National Penn Investors Trust Company .
" Lehman 's failure to find a suitor and Merrill deciding to cash in their chips before a similar fate could befall them really stoked the fears of the public . "
Early trading raised concerns in Asia , said CNN's Kyung Lah , but Japanese government officials said the Japanese financial system will recover .
Watch the mayhem in Asia »
" It has been a very rough ride here in Japan , " she said .
A major worry , she said , is that export - driven economies , such as the ones in Japan and China , will suffer in the financial crisis because people in the United States are spending less money on the consumer goods that many Asian countries produce .
" The impact here is going to be extreme if U.S. consumer spending continues to plummet , " she said .
All About Lehman Brothers Inc. • Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. • Goldman Sachs Group Inc .
STD Carriers Disease Control and Prevention Services
September 30 , 2020 - STD Carriers Disease Control and Prevention services provides a variety of information services dedicated to preventing people from being infected with incurable diseases spread primarily through sexual contact .
Our services include the web 's first and only STD Carrier Registry which is a user generated content ( UGC ) driven early warning system for identifying contagious disease hot spots .
Other features of the site include educational information and multimedia entertainment .
International STD Carrier Registry
STD Carriers was founded as and still is home of the first public early warning alert system for identifying possible sexually transmitted disease ( STD ) carriers before they can expose others to their STDs .
The International STD Registry is a database driven list of people with HIV / AIDS , Genital Herpes , HPV , Genital Warts , and Hepatitis C reported by the public for the public .
Our automated content management system ( CMS ) utilizes the power of modern information technology to provide a real time information storage and distribution service that is fully operational 24 hours a day 7 days a week .
STDs do n't have borders , so we do n’t have many either .
No matter where you are you can get a STD and pass it on to others before you know it .
With our STD Carrier Registry you can do a background check of your former , current , desired , or potential sexual partners for information that could be vital to protecting yourself from lifelong illnesses in over 20 countries .
If you feel the need to warn people about dangers to their health we have already given you the best kind of start and expect you to use it well .
It is our hope that increased screening and detection as well as honest disclosure by people with STDs will prevent you from feeling the need to warn others about them .
Unfortunately current trends indicate that this service will be needed for quite some time , so we will be here to protect your precious bodily fluids from all that seek to sap and impurify them .
" God willing we will prevail in peace and freedom from fear and in true health through the purity and essence of our natural fluids .
God bless you all . "
- Dr. Strangelove
Celebrities with STDs
In 2012 we had compiled a list of 100 living celebrities with STDs .
Unlike most lists of celebrities with STDs ours is based on cited sources in the real news media .
For entertainment value we have added streaming videos and original images to already detailed famous carrier profiles .
Most Celebrities with STDs have strong histories of honest disclosure and are listed primarily for educational and entertainment value .
When browsing the list you are sure to see many familiar faces .
You may recognize stars whose STD status you 've known about for years , others whose diseases are news to you , and a few might beg the question " who the hell is that ? " followed by doubt as to whether such people should be considered celebrities in the first place , but none the less have had their 15 minutes and usually then some .
On March 30 , 2012 we hit our goal of identifying over 100 celebrities with STDs and had no plans to expand the list in the future , but after years of absence decided to do additional research and start posting famous people we see in the news again .
Due to our requirement that celebrity STD accusations be documented by legitimate news sources unless otherwise noted some notable unproven names you 'll find elsewhere like Jessica Alba and Katie Holmes are not on our list .
We also like to focus more on mainstream celebs instead of adult film stars because they are just too easy .
The list of celebrities with HIV is the largest at over 50 with celebrities with Hepatitis C coming in second at over 30 , and celebrities with Herpes rounding up the top 3 diseases with over 15 famous faces .
Celebrities with STDs are also categorized by profession as well as condition .
The top 5 celebrity categories are Musicians with over 30 , Porn Stars with over 15 , Athletes and Actresses with over 10 each , and finally Actors followed by Authors , Politicians , and Journalists .
Criminal HIV Transmission and Exposure Arrests
The largest centralized list of people arrested for crimes involving criminal HIV exposure and transmission can be found in our Criminal HIV Transmission and Exposure Arrests section .
These are all documented cases that have been verified either through criminal records or news reports that typically involve Sex Offenders , Prostitutes , Biological Terrorists , and partner Non-Disclosure .
Sex Offenders and Prostitutes require no introduction since they are people who commit these crimes anyway , but make their crimes worse due to the fact that they are HIV positive .
The Biological Terrorist Watch List may sound like an exaggeration since weaponized HIV is relatively useless as an airborne weapon , but it is still useful as a terror weapon because it is more likely to strike fear into the enemy than cause actual damage .
Finally the Non-Disclosure list shows people in relationships no matter how long or short have been arrested for failing to disclose their HIV status prior to sex .
STD Videos
STD Carriers has hundreds of embedded STD Videos hand picked for your entertainment .
The collection is broken down by disease with categories for HIV / AIDS , Herpes , Genital Warts , Hepatitis C , HPV , and miscellaneous videos .
STD News
STD Carriers posts news and announcments about the site using our STD News Portal .
That section also features news and information about STDs and provides guidance for anyone looking for the latest headlines covering STD related issues .
We also offer a collection of RSS Feeds for anyone that would like to stay up to date on our latest content .
Original STD Prevention and Historical VD Propaganda Posters
STD Carriers used to sell promotional posters featuring the original STD Carriers mascot " Joe the Sailor " in our STD Posters section .
Today this section refers users to STD posters produced by others and sold online elsewhere .
STD Awareness Gear and Original T - Shirts
STD Carriers used to produce one of a kind promotional T - Shirts featuring the original STD Carriers slogan " Click It Before You Stick It ! " that were available in our STD Shirts Section .
Today you will find referrals to STD prevention gear promoting safe sex , condom use , and STDs elsewhere .
Clinical STD Pictures
Not recommended for mealtime viewing , our collection of STD Pictures documents the horrors of Genital Warts and Genital Herpes infections as well as advanced HIV / AIDS related cancers .
One look at our STD photo lineup and hopefully you will thank god that your body has never been ravaged like the unfortunate few whose genitals make up the gallery .
STD Awareness Campaign
STD Carriers recognizes the importance of STD Awareness and community service , so from time to time we give back to the community with a combination of education and philanthropy .
The Sexually Transmitted Disease ( STD ) Community Outreach Program ( STDACOP ) is an ongoing operation aimed at providing you with quality information on STDs while also reaching out to high risk communities .
Who The Hell Are We ?
STD Carriers Disease Control and Prevention Services is an organization that has been around for over a decade .
We specialize in providing users with publishing services and doing all we can to help the rest of the web hear their voices .
Learn more about us in our About Section .
Copyright 2020 STD Carriers Disease Control and Prevention Services
Left 4 Dead 2 - Update September 28 , 2020 - L4D Team
An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2 . - Reoriented some of the new HUD images - Updated several nav meshes based on feedback - Fixed a bug where a door model was lacking prop data - Fixed spontaneous muzzle flashes on certain rifles when playing online - Adjusted knife 's attack delay - Fixed c10m3 versus survival tank spawn issue - Fixed stuck spots on a few survival maps - Various other fixes to the nav mesh from feedback - Fixed a typo in one of the new shotgun sounds - Fixed material sorting issues with skin mods on Molotov world model Achievements : - Only award " Fat Ninja " for a direct vomit attack , not a boomer explosion .
- Fixed " Golden Freeman " not awarding pickups on dedicated servers .
- Award survival medals to the entire team , including dead players .
- Fixed " The Big Ten " and " Supreme Survivalist " not unlocking on dedicated servers .
- Only award " The Last Frontier " on the Last Stand campaign .
- Do n't award Survival achievements in Versus Survival and vice - versa Survival : - Waterfront - Removed cars outside the playable area to prevent infected from getting stuck .
- Generator Room - Increased ZombieDiscardRange . - Church - Removed Laser Sights .
- Streets - Swapped the Military Sniper and the Ammo Pile spawns around .
- Warehouse - Removed mortar bags from under some stairs .
- Cold Stream Junkyard - Removed Laser Sights .
Versus Survival : - Made it so the plane crash will trigger if the countdown timer reaches 0 on Runway .
- The Save 4
Less store door will now open when the timer reaches 0 on Gun Store . -
The alarmed door will now open when the timer reaches 0 on Warehouse .
Tank Run : - Updated finales so rescue timer wo n't appear in Scavenge finales ( you need to collect all the gas cans ) .
- Fixed The Sacrifice finale not working properly .
- Two
Tanks will now spawn at once during the non-Scavenge finales .
An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2 . - Reoriented some of the new HUD images - Updated several nav meshes based on feedback - Fixed a bug where a door model was lacking prop data - Fixed spontaneous muzzle flashes on certain rifles when playing online - Adjusted knife 's attack delay - Fixed c10m3 versus survival tank spawn issue - Fixed stuck spots on a few survival maps - Various other fixes to the nav mesh from feedback - Fixed a typo in one of the new shotgun sounds - Fixed material sorting issues with skin mods on Molotov world model Achievements : - Only award " Fat Ninja " for a direct vomit attack , not a boomer explosion .
- Fixed " Golden Freeman " not awarding pickups on dedicated servers .
- Award survival medals to the entire team , including dead players .
- Fixed " The Big Ten " and " Supreme Survivalist " not unlocking on dedicated servers .
- Only award " The Last Frontier " on the Last Stand campaign .
- Do n't award Survival achievements in Versus Survival and vice - versa Survival : - Waterfront - Removed cars outside the playable area to prevent infected from getting stuck .
- Generator Room - Increased ZombieDiscardRange . - Church - Removed Laser Sights .
- Streets - Swapped the Military Sniper and the Ammo Pile spawns around .
- Warehouse - Removed mortar bags from under some stairs .
- Cold Stream Junkyard - Removed Laser Sights .
Versus Survival : - Made it so the plane crash will trigger if the countdown timer reaches 0 on Runway .
- The Save 4
Less store door will now open when the timer reaches 0 on Gun Store . -
The alarmed door will now open when the timer reaches 0 on Warehouse .
Tank Run : - Updated finales so rescue timer wo n't appear in Scavenge finales ( you need to collect all the gas cans ) .
- Fixed The Sacrifice finale not working properly .
- Two
Tanks will now spawn at once during the non-Scavenge finales .
Left 4 Dead 2 - Update September 26 , 2020 - L4D Team
An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2 . - Fixed some materials and models that were causing errors in workshop content .
- Reduced CS weapon spawn chance .
-
Safe room intros will now continue regardless if anyone leaves the safe room .
-
Fixed some witch call - outs - Lit Bill 's cigarette Last Stand Junkyard - Reduced intensity of horde spawned from generators .
- Versus Mode : Added an ammo pile near the mechanic shop .
- Versus Mode : Added a fire axe spawn to the safe room .
Last Stand Lighthouse - Reduced intensity of horde during the Scavenge event .
An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2 . - Fixed some materials and models that were causing errors in workshop content .
- Reduced CS weapon spawn chance .
-
Safe room intros will now continue regardless if anyone leaves the safe room .
-
Fixed some witch call - outs - Lit Bill 's cigarette Last Stand Junkyard - Reduced intensity of horde spawned from generators .
- Versus Mode : Added an ammo pile near the mechanic shop .
- Versus Mode : Added a fire axe spawn to the safe room .
Last Stand Lighthouse - Reduced intensity of horde during the Scavenge event .
Left 4 Dead 2 - Update September 25 , 2020 - L4D Team
An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2 . - Fixed voice data overflow on servers .
- Fixed carried prop collision to not interfere with bot movement .
- Fixed laser - sighted weapon spawn exploit in the gun shop .
- Reduced some ambient dialog frequency .
An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2 . - Fixed voice data overflow on servers .
- Fixed carried prop collision to not interfere with bot movement .
- Fixed laser - sighted weapon spawn exploit in the gun shop .
- Reduced some ambient dialog frequency .
Left 4 Dead 2 - Update September 25 , 2020 - L4D Team
An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2 . - Prevent a server crash when using voice chat .
- Prevent gas can tunneling .
- Fixed an animation bug with weapon melee .
- Updated localizations - Updated Rocket Dude mutation .
An update has been released for Left 4 Dead 2 . - Prevent a server crash when using voice chat .
- Prevent gas can tunneling .
- Fixed an animation bug with weapon melee .
- Updated localizations - Updated Rocket Dude mutation .
Courtroom Testimony that voting machines were hacked .
America 's Democratic process is a joke .
America is a fraud .**********************************************WATCH THE VIDEO CALLED " HACKING DEMOCRACY "**********************************************
A 15 - year - old Ohio girl was arrested on felony child pornography charges for allegedly sending nude cell phone pictures of herself to classmates .
Authorities are considering charging some of the students who received the photos as well .
The unnamed student from Licking Valley High School in Newark , Ohio was arrested Friday after school officials discovered the materials and notified police .
She spent the weekend in juvenile detention and entered a plea of " deny " on Monday , according to The NewarkAdvocate.com .
Charges include illegal use of a minor in nudity - oriented material and possession of criminal tools .
If convicted , the girl could be forced to register as a sexual offender for 20 years , but because of her age , the judge hearing the case has some flexibility in the matter , an official told the Advocate .
The pictures came to light after a Licking County prosecutor began visiting high schools to educate students on the consequences of transmitting nude photos by cell phone .
According to one student interviewed by 10TV
News , the teens were warned they could serve 20 years if convicted .
A student later notified an adult of the nude cell phone pictures , and the adult in turn contacted school officials .
School officials had pulled the girl aside and warned her about the behavior immediately after the presentation , according to a separate article by the Advocate .
This is n't the first case in which zealous American prosecutors have used child pornography statutes to protect vulnerable juveniles from themselves .
In 2004 , a 16 - year - old girl and her 17 - year - old boyfriend took pictures of themselves while naked and engaged in unspecified " sexual behavior . "
They did n't show the pictures to anyone , but they did send them to the boy 's email address .
Eventually each was charged with producing , directing , or promoting a photograph featuring the sexual conduct of a child .
The boy was also charged with an extra count of possession of child pornography .
As CNET News reported here , the girl 's conviction was upheld last year on appeal .
Licking County prosecutors say they have received some 20 cases involving questionable cell phone pictures .
They say investigators are trying to determine how many juveniles received nude photos of the girl and have left open the possibility that others will be charged in the incident .
The girl , who is a foster child , remains under house arrest .
She is not allowed to have access to a cell phone or the internet except for school purposes and then only with adult supervision . ®
Over the past two decades of Israeli - Palestinian negotiations , deadlines for peace agreements have come and gone with precious few treaties .
Now , amid low expectations for an agreement before the expiration of the Bush administration 's target for an accord by the end of 2008 , voices are growing on both sides advocating abandoning talks on Palestinian statehood if they miss the mark yet again .
" We certainly need to think outside the box , " says Hanan Ashrawi , a Palestinian legislator and longtime supporter of peace talks .
" The business - as - usual approach has n't worked . "
Advocating a single binational state of Jews and Arabs is the alternative strategy most often mentioned as gaining cachet among Palestinians , though even backers of that goal concede that it is more of an ideal than a realistic goal .
Other alternatives that some Palestinians are mulling include dismantling the Palestinian government , an international trusteeship , and returning to popular uprising to achieve an independent state .
Adds Ms. Ashrawi , " There are many ideas , but there is no consensus .
The consensus is that we are reaching the end of our rope .
The two - state solution is receding , and we are in crisis . "
Nearly a year ago at a summit in Annapolis , Md. , President Bush called for a push to reach a deal by the end of his term .
If that deadline passes , it is unclear if the fledgling successor to the Bush administration will dive back into talks when chances for success seem slim .
Palestinian and Israeli leaders are both weak right now , making it difficult for either side to push for an agreement .
Both sides have acknowledged recently that negotiators are n't close to a peace agreement , despite 10 months of talks .
Israeli Vice Premier Haim Ramon said Sunday that even a declaration of principles on a peace treaty is n't in sight .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told Haaretz , an Israeli newspaper , that " the gap between the sides is very large . "
Calls for a new strategy are more urgent on the Palestinian side , where a collapse of the talks would be a blow to the standing of Mr. Abbas , a standard bearer for choosing negotiations over force , as he vies for legitimacy against the Islamic militants from Hamas who control the Gaza Strip .
There is also fear that a breakdown in the negotiations will leave a vacuum for a new Palestinian uprising in the same way that the failed Israeli - Palestinian peace talks in July 2000 gave way within two months to several years of daily violence .
Palestinians warn of a tipping point in the not so distant future when establishing a sustainable , sovereign Palestinian state will be rendered impossible , as Jewish settlements expand and Israel 's security barrier continues to cut a cookie - cutter - like path through the West Bank .
" There is an urgent need for Palestinians to get together and say , ' What is going on with our national project ? ' " says Bashir Bashir , a Palestinian citizen of Israel who helped draft a 52 - page assessment of strategic options beyond the negotiations for a forum of 27 influential leaders and intellectuals calling themselves the Palestine Strategy Study Group , formed this year .
Mr. Bashir concedes that , though he supports the creation of a single state of Arabs and Jews , it is unclear how such an entity can be created , given the opposition of Israeli Jews and the reluctance of many Palestinian leaders .
A binational state was the prevailing choice of Yasser Arafat 's Palestinian Liberation Organization until 1988 .
While a growing number of Palestinian intellectuals embrace the idea of a binational state , it remains a minority position .
" Talk about one state is a nice message , but its impossible .
We will kill them , and they will kill us , " says Ron Pundak , the director of the Peres Center for Peace in Tel Aviv and an architect of the 1993 Israeli - Palestinian Declaration of Principles reached in Oslo .
Many Israelis fear that as Arabs in the West Bank , Gaza , and Israel reach demographic parity with Jews , demands for one state from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea will grow more compelling .
US and Israeli officials have warned that the window of opportunity for the two - state solution might be closing .
There is also talk among Palestinians of a unilateral declaration of statehood in the spirit of Kosovo 's secession from Serbia this year .
( On the eve of a deadline for an agreement in 1999 , Palestinian leaders threatened a similar move but ultimately did n't follow through . )
Some right - wing critics have called for Egypt and Jordan to reassert authority in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank , respectively , which they controlled until the 1967 Arab - Israeli War .
Israeli critics of the current negotiations question the value of holding peace talks with a government whose legitimacy is challenged by many Palestinians .
Instead of widening the rift between Abbas and Hamas by pushing peace talks that divides the Palestinians into " moderate " peace partners and " extremist " enemies , Israel should encourage Palestinian reconciliation , says Shlomo Brom , a former Israeli general and currently a fellow at the Jaffee Center for Strategic Studies in Tel Aviv .
" As long as there is no agreement between Hamas and Fatah , at least on the rules of the game of running the Palestinian Authority , there is no chance of reach an agreement or implementing an agreement , " he says .
" Israel needs a new paradigm . "
John McCain , I figured out today why you 're losing .
Your positions are always changing .
You voted for the $ 700 billion rescue package .
Yet today lumped your opponent with the Bush Administration for essentially pushing the same package .
What 's the deal with the Straight Talk Express ?
He voted for this rescue , but now says Barack Obama and the White House , who voted for the same rescue , apparently voted for something different .
( Transcript below the fold )
Specifically , McCain wants to target the $ 700 billion into solving the mortgage crisis , not helping Wall Street banks .
Look , I was n't for this rescue , but I kind of knew what it was about ... shoring up the banks .
If Senator McCain did n't know that , he should n't have voted for that ... maybe he should have read that .
Because he is smarter than this , and the verbal gymnastics that rival anything John Kerry was ever for before he was against ... way , way before this .
Not that Barack Obama 's positions are any more encouraging ... but they are consistent .
I do n't like the left - leaning , spread - the - wealth approach , but it 's a consistent approach and the Democratic nominee has never veered from it .
You can accept him and his views or not .
With John McCain
I ’m not so sure .
But I am sure I 'm not the only one confused .
... confused by a man who says he hates government spending , but supports pushing $ 300 billion to bail out folks behind on their mortgage .
You can't say you 're against earmarks when you 're earmarking that kind of dough , Senator .
Or adding more than $ 50 billion to a stimulus plan you cannot pay for ... all the while blasting your opponent for coming up with programs he can't pay for .
Frankly , neither of your numbers adds up .
But I ’ve come to see a consistent pattern in Obama's .
For the life of me , Senator Straight Talk , I see no such straight thing with yours .
Obama argues big government d spells out why we need it ... accept it or reject it .
You rail against big government , yet continue to push cockamamie spending plans that make a mockery of it .
That 's why you 're losing right now , Senator McCain .
Not because you do n't have the courage of your convictions .
But because on economic matters , you have no convictions , period .
Diana DeGarmo : Four Years After American Idol ( Photos )
was a guest this morning on The Howard Stern Show and met Eric the Midget .
The talented singer is 21 years old and has been reaping the benefits of her runner up finish on American Idol at age 16 .
The talented teen came in second spot in season three of the reality show singing contest .
She has since become a Broadway actress , following the same career path as season three AI winner Fantasia Barrino .
Both are doing theater work in New York .
DeGarmo did a run with the Broadway hit Hairspray , making her Carnegie Hall debut in April 2007 .
A new project for DeGarmo , a Broadway revival of Godspell at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre , was slated for this year but was postponed in an August 2008 announcement .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Check out Howard Stern at NYC Marathon cheering on his wife Beth who ran it .
PRESSURE on the Federal Government over its bank deposit guarantee has escalated after three big financial institutions hit with a spate of withdrawals by customers last night froze their accounts .
Tens of thousands of Australians , many of them retirees , are now unable to get immediate access to their capital after AXA Asia Pacific , Perpetual Investment Management and Australian Unity suspended withdrawals from some funds .
Treasurer Wayne Swan leaves his hastily called news conference last night .
Credit : Glen McCurtayne
Treasurer Wayne Swan responded last night by advising people adversely affected to go to Centrelink to see if they were eligible for income support .
But the Government did not appear to have an immediate answer to the cascading problem , and Mr Swan 's comments were seized on by the Coalition , which accused him of insensitivity and incompetence .
Election day is here and all the major networks are fighting for a piece of your viewership .
To get and maintain your attention on this exciting day , expect hot news anchorwomen to give you all they ’ve got .
Who do you think is the hottest of the following anchors below ?
[ poll id = ” 5 ″ ]
CNN ’s Campbell Brown
CNBC ’s Maria Bartiromo
CNBC ’s Erin Burnett
Fox News Julie Banderas
Fox News Juliet Huddy
and lastly , the View ’s Elisabeth Hasselbeck .
I know she ’s not a real anchor , but she ’s HOT !
Steven Skiena 's Discrete Mathematics ( CSE 547 )
Lectures recored in 1999 .
Stony Brook University .
Course topics :
Josephus problem .
Manipulating sums .
General methods for manipulating sums .
Floors and ceilings .
Mod : the binary operation .
Divisibility and primes .
Relative primality .
Congruences .
Basic number theory identities .
Generating functions .
Stirling / Harmonic numbers .
Fibonacci numbers .
Basic generating function maneuvers .
Solving recurrences .
Convolutions .
Exponential generating functions .
Mean and variance .
Probability gen. fn's .
Degree sequences & invariants .
Trees and connectivity .
Eulerian and Hamiltonian cycles .
Planarity .
Graph coloring .
Matching .
Project presentations .
Convex Optimization I ( Stanford University )
Course description :
Concentrates on recognizing and solving convex optimization problems that arise in engineering .
Convex sets , functions , and optimization problems .
Basics of convex analysis .
Least - squares , linear and quadratic programs , semidefinite programming , minimax , extremal volume , and other problems .
Optimality conditions , duality theory , theorems of alternative , and applications .
Interiorpoint methods .
Applications to signal processing , control , digital and analog circuit design , computational geometry , statistics , and mechanical engineering .
Course topics :
1. Solving Optimization Problems , Least - Squares , Linear Programming , Convex Optimizations .
2 . Logistics , Convex Set , Convex Cone , Polyhedra , Positive Semidefinite Cone , Operations That Preserve Convexity , Intersection , Affine Function , Generalized Inequalities , Minimum And Minimal Elements , Supporting Hyperlane Theorem , Minimum And Minimal Elements Via Dual Inequalities .
3 . Logistics , Convex Functions , Examples , Restriction Of A Convex Function To A Line , First - Order Condition , Examples ( FOC And SOC ) , Epigraph And Sublevel Set , Jensen ’s Inequality , Operations That Preserve Convexity , Pointwise Maximum , Pointwise Maximum , Composition With Scalar Functions , Vector Composition .
4 . Vector Composition , Perspective , The Conjugate Function , Quasiconvex Functions , Examples , Properties ( Of Quasiconvex Functions ) , Log-Concave And Log-Convex Functions , Properties ( Of Log- Concave And Log- Convex Functions ) , Examples ( Of Log- Concave And Log- Convex Functions ) .
5 . Optimal And Locally Optimal Points , Feasibility Problem , Convex Optimization Problem , Local And Global Optima , Optimality Criterion For Differentiable F0 , Equivalent Convex Problems , Quasiconvex Optimization , Problem Families , Linear Program .
6 . Linear - Fractional Program , Quadratic Program ( QP ) , Quadratically Constrained Quadratic Program ( QCQP ) , Second - Order Cone Programming , Robust Linear Programming , Geometric Programming , Example ( Design Of Cantilever Beam ) , GP Examples ( Minimizing Spectral Radius Of Nonnegative Matrix ) .
7 . Generalized Inequality Constraints , Semidefinite Program ( SDP ) , LP And SOCP As SDP , Eigenvalue Minimization , Matrix Norm Minimization , Vector Optimization , Optimal And Pareto Optimal Points , Multicriterion Optimization , Risk Return Trade - Off In Portfolio Optimization , Scalarization , Scalarization For Multicriterion Problems .
8 . Lagrangian , Lagrange Dual Function , Least - Norm Solution Of Linear Equations , Standard Form LP , Two - Way Partitioning , Dual Problem , Weak And Strong Duality , Slater ’s Constraint Qualification , Inequality Form LP , Quadratic Program , Complementary Slackness .
9 . Complementary Slackness , Karush - Kuhn - Tucker ( KKT ) Conditions , KKT Conditions For Convex Problem , Perturbation And Sensitivity Analysis , Global Sensitivity Result , Local Sensitivity , Duality And Problem Reformulations , Introducing New Variables And Equality Constraints , Implicit Constraints , Semidefinite Program .
10 . Applications Section Of The Course , Norm Approximation , Penalty Function Approximation , Least - Norm Problems , Regularized Approximation , Scalarized Problem , Signal Reconstruction , Robust Approximation , Stochastic Robust LS , Worst - Case Robust LS .
11 . Statistical Estimation , Maximum Likelihood Estimation , Examples , Logistic Regression , ( Binary ) Hypothesis Testing , Scalarization , Experiment Design , D - Optimal Design .
12 . Continue On Experiment Design , Geometric Problems , Minimum Volume Ellipsoid Around A Set , Maximum Volume Inscribed Ellipsoid , Efficiency Of Ellipsoidal Approximations , Centering , Analytic Center Of A Set Of Inequalities , Linear Discrimination .
13 . Linear Discrimination ( Cont. ) , Robust Linear Discrimination , Approximate Linear Separation Of Non-Separable Sets , Support Vector Classifier , Nonlinear Discrimination , Placement And Facility Location , Numerical Linear Algebra Background , Matrix Structure And Algorithm Complexity , Linear Equations That Are Easy To Solve , The Factor - Solve Method For Solving Ax = B , LU Factorization .
14 . LU Factorization ( Cont. ) , Sparse LU Factorization , Cholesky Factorization , Sparse Cholesky Factorization , LDLT Factorization , Equations With Structured Sub-Blocks , Dominant Terms In Flop Count , Structured Matrix Plus Low Rank Term. 15 . Algorithm Section Of The Course , Unconstrained Minimization , Initial Point And Sublevel Set , Strong Convexity And Implications , Descent Methods , Gradient Descent Method , Steepest Descent Method , Newton Step , Newton ’s Method , Classical Convergence Analysis , Examples .
16 . Continue On Unconstrained Minimization , Self - Concordance , Convergence Analysis For Self - Concordant Functions , Implementation , Example Of Dense Newton System With Structure , Equality Constrained Minimization , Eliminating Equality Constraints , Newton Step , Newton ’s Method With Equality Constraints .
17 . Newton 's Method ( Cont. ) , Newton Step At Infeasible Points , Solving KKT Systems , Equality Constrained Analytic Centering , Complexity Per Iteration Of Three Methods Is Identical , Network Flow Optimization , Analytic Center Of Linear Matrix Inequality , Interior - Point Methods , Logarithmic Barrier .
18 . Logarithmic Barrier , Central Path , Dual Points On Central Path , Interpretation Via KKT Conditions , Force Field Interpretation , Barrier Method , Convergence Analysis , Examples , Feasibility And Phase I Methods .
19 . Interior - Point Methods ( Cont. ) , Example , Barrier Method ( Review ) , Complexity Analysis Via Self - Concordance , Total Number Of Newton Iterations , Generalized Inequalities , Logarithmic Barrier And Central Path , Barrier Method , Course Conclusion , Further Topics .
Convex Optimization II ( Stanford University )
Course description :
Continuation of Convex Optimization I. Subgradient , cutting - plane , and ellipsoid methods .
Decentralized convex optimization via primal and dual decomposition .
Alternating projections .
Exploiting problem structure in implementation .
Convex relaxations of hard problems , and global optimization via branch & bound .
Robust optimization .
Selected applications in areas such as control , circuit design , signal processing , and communications .
Course requirements include a substantial project .
Course topics :
1. Subgradients , Basic Inequality , Subgradient Of A Function , Subdifferential , Subgradient Calculus , Some Basic Rules ( For Subgradient Calculus ) , Pointwise Supremum , Weak Rule For Pointwise Supremum , Expectation , Minimization , Composition , Subgradients And Sublevel Sets , Quasigradients .
2 . Subgradients , Subgradients And Sublevel Sets , Quasigradients , Optimality Conditions – Unconstrained , Example : Piecewise Linear Minimization , Optimality Conditions – Constrained , Directional Derivative And Subdifferential , Descent Directions , Subgradients And Distance To Sublevel Sets , Descent Directions And Optimality , Subgradient Method , Step Size Rules , Assumptions , Convergence Results , Aside : Example : Applying Subgradient Method To Abs ( X ) .
3 . Convergence Proof , Stopping Criterion , Example : Piecewise Linear Minimization , Optimal Step Size When F* Is Known , Finding A Point In The Intersection Of Convex Sets , Alternating Projections , Example : Positive Semidefinite Matrix Completion , Speeding Up Subgradient Methods , A Couple Of Speedup Algorithms , Subgradient Methods For Constrained Problems , Projected Subgradient Method , Linear Equality Constraints , Example : Least L_1 - Norm .
4 . Project Subgradient For Dual Problem , Subgradient Of Negative Dual Function , Example ( Strictly Convex Quadratic Function Over Unit Box ) , Subgradient Method For Constrained Optimization , Convergence , Example : Inequality Form LP , Stochastic Subgradient Method , Noisy Unbiased Subgradient , Stochastic Subgradient Method , Assumptions , Convergence Results , Convergence Proof , Stochastic Programming .
5 . Stochastic Programming , Variations ( Of Stochastic Programming ) , Expected Value Of A Convex Function , Example : Expected Value Of Piecewise Linear Function , On - Line Learning And Adaptive Signal Processing , Example : Mean - Absolute Error Minimization , Localization And Cutting - Plane Methods , Cutting - Plane Oracle , Neutral And Deep Cuts , Unconstrained Minimization , Deep Cut For Unconstrained Minimization , Feasibility Problem , Inequality Constrained Problem , Localization Algorithm , Example : Bisection On R , Specific Cutting - Plane Methods , Center Of Gravity Algorithm , Convergence Of CG Cutting - Plane Method .
6 . Hit -And -Run CG Algorithm , Maximum Volume Ellipsoid Method , Chebyshev Center Method , Analytic Center Cutting - Plane Method , Extensions ( Of Cutting - Plane Methods ) , Dropping Constraints , Epigraph Cutting - Plane Method , PWL Lower Bound On Convex Function , Lower Bound , Analytic Center Cutting - Plane Method , ACCPM Algorithm , Constructing Cutting - Planes , Computing The Analytic Center , Infeasible Start Newton Method Algorithm , Properties ( Of Infeasible Start Newton Method Algorithm ) , Pruning Constraints , PWL Lower Bound On Convex Function , Lower Bound In ACCPM , Stopping Criterion , Example : Piecewise Linear Minimization .
7 . Piecewise Linear Minimization , ACCPM With Constraint Dropping , Epigraph ACCPM , Motivation ( For Ellipsoid Method ) , Ellipsoid Algorithm For Minimizing Convex Function , Properties Of Ellipsoid Method , Example ( Using Ellipsoid Method ) , Updating The Ellipsoid , Simple Stopping Criterion , Basic Ellipsoid Algorithm , Interpretation ( Of Basic Ellipsoid Algorithm ) , Example ( Of Ellipsoid Method ) .
8 . Ellipsoid Method , Improvements ( To Ellipsoid Method ) , Proof Of Convergence , Interpretation Of Complexity , Deep Cut Ellipsoid Method , Ellipsoid Method With Deep Objective Cuts , Inequality Constrained Problems , Stopping Criterion , Epigraph Ellipsoid Method , Epigraph Ellipsoid Example , Summary : Methods For Handling , Nondifferentiable Convex Optimization Problems Directly , Decomposition Methods , Separable Problem , Complicating Variable , Primal Decomposition , Primal Decomposition Algorithm , Example ( Using Primal Decomposition ) , Aside : Newton 's Method With A Complicating Variable , Dual Decomposition , Dual Decomposition Algorithm .
9 . Latex Typesetting Style , Recap : Primal Decomposition , Dual Decomposition , Dual Decomposition Algorithm , Finding Feasible Iterates , Interpretation , Decomposition With Constraints , Primal Decomposition ( With Constraints ) Algorithm , Example ( Primal Decomposition With Constraints ) , Dual Decomposition ( With Constraints ) , Dual Decomposition ( With Constraints ) Algorithm , General Decomposition Structures , General Form , Primal Decomposition ( General Structures ) , Dual Decomposition ( General Structures ) , A More Complex Example , Aside : Pictorial Representation Of Primal And Dual Decomposition .
10 . Decomposition Applications , Rate Control Setup , Rate Control Problem , Rate Control Lagrangian , Aside : Utility Functions , Rate Control Dual , Dual Decomposition Rate Control Algorithm , Generating Feasible Flows , Convergence Of Primal And Dual Objectives , Maximum Capacity Violation , Single Commodity Network Flow Setup , Network Flow Problem , Network Flow Lagrangian , Network Flow Dual , Recovering Primal From Dual , Dual Decomposition Network Flow Algorithm , Electrical Network Analogy , Example : Minimum Queueing Delay , Optimal Flow , Convergence Of Dual Function , Convergence Of Primal Residual , Convergence Of Dual Variables , Aside : More Complicated Problems .
11 . Sequential Convex Programming , Methods For Nonconvex Optimization Problems , Sequential Convex Programming ( SCP ) , Basic Idea Of SCP , Trust Region , Affine And Convex Approximations Via Taylor Expansions , Particle Method , Fitting Affine Or Quadratic Functions To Data , Quasi - Linearization , Example ( Nonconvex QP ) , Lower Bound Via Lagrange Dual , Exact Penalty Formulation , Trust Region Update , Nonlinear Optimal Control , Discretization , SCP Progress , Convergence Of J And Torque Residuals , Predicted And Actual Decreases In Phi , Trajectory Plan , ' Difference Of Convex ' Programming , Convex - Concave Procedure .
12 . Recap : ' Difference Of Convex ' Programming , Alternating Convex Optimization , Nonnegative Matrix Factorization , Comment : Nonconvex Methods , Conjugate Gradient Method , Three Classes Of Methods For Linear Equations , Symmetric Positive Definite Linear Systems , CG Overview , Solution And Error , Residual , Krylov Subspace , Properties Of Krylov Sequence , Cayley - Hamilton Theorem , Spectral Analysis Of Krylov Sequence .
13 . Conjugate Gradient Method , Recap : Krylov Subspace , Spectral Analysis Of Krylov Sequence , A Bound On Convergence Rate , Convergence , Residual Convergence , CG Algorithm , Efficient Matrix - Vector Multiply , Shifting , Preconditioned Conjugate Gradient Algorithm , Choice Of Preconditioner , CG Summary , Truncated Newton Method , Approximate Or Inexact Newton Methods , CG Initialization , Hessian And Gradient , Methods , Convergence Versus Iterations , Convergence Versus Cumulative CG Steps , Truncated PCG Newton Method , Extensions .
14 . Methods ( Truncated Newton Method ) , Convergence Versus Iterations , Convergence Versus Cumulative CG Steps , Truncated PCG Newton Method , Truncated Newton Interior - Point Methods , Network Rate Control , Dual Rate Control Problem , Primal - Dual Search Direction ( BV Section 11.7 ) , Truncated Netwon Primal - Dual Algorithm , Primal And Dual Objective Evolution , Relative Duality Gap Evolution , Relative Duality Gap Evolution ( N = 10^6 ) , L_1 - Norm Methods For Convex - Cardinality Problems , L_1 - Norm Heuristics For Cardinality Problems , Cardinality , General Convex - Cardinality Problems , Solving Convex - Cardinality Problems , Boolean LP As Convex - Cardinality Problem , Sparse Design , Sparse Modeling / Regressor Selection , Estimation With Outliers , Minimum Number Of Violations , Linear Classifier With Fewest Errors , Smallest Set Of Mutually Infeasible Inequalities , Portfolio Investment With Linear And Fixed Costs , Piecewise Constant Fitting , Piecewise Linear Fitting , L_1 - Norm Heuristic , Example : Minimum Cardinality Problem , Polishing , Regressor Selection .
15 . Minimum Cardinality Problem , Interpretation As Convex Relaxation , Interpretation Via Convex Envelope , Weighted And Asymmetric L_1 Heuristics , Regressor Selection , Sparse Signal Reconstruction , L_1 - Norm Methods For Convex - Cardinality Problems Part II , Total Variation Reconstruction , Total Variation Reconstruction , TV Reconstruction , L_2 Reconstruction , Iterated Weighted L_1 Heuristic , Sparse Solution Of Linear Inequalities , Detecting Changes In Time Series Model , Time Series And True Coefficients , TV Heuristic And Iterated TV Heuristic , Extension To Matrices , Factor Modeling , Trace Approximation Results , Summary : L_1 - Norm Methods .
16 . Model Predictive Control , Linear Time - Invariant Convex Optimal Control , Greedy Control , ' Solution ' Via Dynamic Programming , Linear Quadratic Regulator , Finite Horizon Approximation , Cost Versus Horizon , Trajectories , Model Predictive Control ( MPC ) , MPC Performance Versus Horizon , MPC Trajectories , Variations On MPC , Explicit MPC , MPC Problem Structure , Fast MPC , Supply Chain Management , Constraints And Objective , MPC And Optimal Trajectories , Variations On Optimal Control Problem .
17 . Stochastic Model Predictive Control , Causal State - Feedback Control , Stochastic Finite Horizon Control , ' Solution ' Via Dynamic Programming , Independent Process Noise , Linear Quadratic Stochastic Control , Certainty Equivalent Model Predictive Control , Stochastic MPC : Sample Trajectory , Cost Histogram , Simple Lower Bound For Quadratic Stochastic Control , Branch And Bound Methods , Methods For Nonconvex Optimization Problems , Branch And Bound Algorithms .
18 . Branch And Bound Methods , Basic Idea , Unconstrained , Nonconvex Minimization , Lower And Upper Bound Functions , Branch And Bound Algorithm , Comment : Picture Of Branch And Bound Algorithm In R^2 , Comment : Binary Tree , Example , Pruning , Convergence Analysis , Bounding Condition Number , Small Volume Implies Small Size , Mixed Boolean - Convex Problem , Solution Methods , Lower Bound Via Convex Relaxation , Upper Bounds , Branching , New Bounds From Subproblems , Branch And Bound Algorithm ( Mixed Boolean - Convex Problem ) , Minimum Cardinality Example , Bounding X , Relaxation Problem , Algorithm Progress , Global Lower And Upper Bounds , Portion Of Non-Pruned Sparsity Patterns , Number Of Active Leaves In Tree , Global Lower And Upper Bounds .
The Fourier Transform and its Applications
Course description :
The goals for the course are to gain a facility with using the Fourier transform , both specific techniques and general principles , and learning to recognize when , why , and how it is used .
Together with a great variety , the subject also has a great coherence , and the hope is students come to appreciate both .
Brief overview of course topics :
The Fourier transform as a tool for solving physical problems .
Fourier series , the Fourier transform of continuous and discrete signals and its properties .
The Dirac delta , distributions , and generalized transforms .
Convolutions and correlations and applications ; probability distributions , sampling theory , filters , and analysis of linear systems .
The discrete Fourier transform and the FFT algorithm .
Multidimensional Fourier transform and use in imaging .
Further applications to optics , crystallography .
Emphasis is on relating the theoretical principles to solving practical engineering and science problems .
Course topics :
1. The Fourier Series , Analysis V. Synthesis , Periodic Phenomena And The Fourier Series - Periodicity In Time And Space - Reciprocal Relationship Between Domains , The Reciprocal Relationship Between Frequency And Wavelength .
2 . Periodicity ; How Sine And Cosine Can Be Used To Model More Complex Functions , Example Of Periodizing A Signal , Discussion Of How To Model Signals With Sinusoids , " One Period , Many Frequencies " Idea In Modeling Signals , Modeling A Signal As The Sum Of Modified Sinusoids ( Formula ) , Complex Exponential Notation , Symmetry Property Of The Complex Coefficients In The Fourier Series , Discussion Of The Generality Of The Fourier Series Representation For Modeling A Periodic Function .
3 . Summary Of Previous Lecture ( Analyzing General Periodic Phenomena As A Sum Of Simple Periodic Phenomena ) , Fourier Coefficients ; Discussion Of How General The Fourier Series Can Be ( Examples Of Discontinuous Signals ) , Discontinuity And Its Impact On The Generality Of The Fourier Series , Infinite Sums To Represent More General Periodic Signals , Summary Of Convergence Issues , Convergence : Continuous Case , Smooth Case ( Fourier Series Converges To The Signal ) , Convergence : Jump Discontinuity , Convergence : General Case ( Convergence On Average / In Mean / In Energy ) .
4 . Wrapping Up Fourier Series ; Making Sense Of Infinite Sums And Convergence , Integrability Of A Function ( Implies Existence Of Fourier Coefficients , Convergence ) , Orthogonality Of Complex Exponentials ( Review ) , The Inner Product , Norm Of F Related To The Inner Product (+ Pythagorean Theorem ) , Complex Exponentials As Orthonormal Functions , Fourier Coefficients As Projections Onto Complex Exponentials , Rayleigh 's Identity , Application Of Fourier Series To Heat Flow .
5 . Continued Discussion Of Fourier Series And The Heat Equation , Transition From Fourier Series To Fourier Transforms ( Periodic To Nonperiodic Phenomena ) , Fourier Series Analysis And Synthesis ; Relation To Fourier Transform And Inverse Fourier Transform , Fourier Series / Coefficients With Period T , Spectrum Picture For Fourier Series With Period T , Effects Of A Change In T , The Complications Of Finding The Fourier Transform By Letting T Go To Infinity ( Fourier Coefficients Go To 0 ) .
6 . Correction To Heat Equation Discussion , Setup For Fourier Transform Derivation From Fourier Series , Results Of The Derivation : Fourier Transform And Inverse Fourier Transform , Definition Of The Fourier Transform ( Analysis ) , Definition Of Fourier Inversion ( Synthesis ) , Major Secret Of The Universe : Every Signal Has A Spectrum , Which Determines The Signal , Fourier Notation , Example : Rect Function , Example : Triangle Function .
7 . Review Of Fourier Transform ( And Inverse ) Definitions , Notation , Review Of Rect And Triangle Transforms , Example : Fourier Transform Of A Gaussian , The Duality Property Of The Fourier Transform , Example Of An Application Of The Duality Property .
8 . Effect On Fourier Transform Of Shifting A Signal , Resulting Delay Formula ( Shift Theorem ) , Effect Of Scaling The Time Signal , Stretch Theorem Formula / Interpretation , Convolution In Context Of Fourier Transforms ; Multiplying Two Signals In Frequency , Resulting Convolution Formula .
9 . Continuing Convolution : Review Of The Formula , Situiation In Which It Arose , Example Of Convolution : Filtering , The Ideas Behind Filtering , Terminology , Interpreting Convolution In The Time Domain , General Properties Of Convolution In The Time Domain , Derivative Theorem For Fourier Transforms , Heat Equation On An Infinite Rod. 10 .
Central Limit Theorem And Convolution ; Main Idea , Introduction , Normalization Of The Gaussian , The Gaussian In Probability ; Pictorial Demonstration With Convolution , The Setup For The CLT , Key Result : Distribution Of Sums And Convolution ( With Proof ) , Other Assumptions Needed To Set Up CLT , Statement Of The Central Limit Theorem , Using The Fourier Transform To Prove The CLT .
11 . orrection To The End Of The CLT Proof , Discussion Of The Convergence Of Integrals ; Approaches To Making A More Robust Definition Of The Fourier Transform , Examples Of Problematic Signals , How To Approach Solving The Problem ; Choosing Basic Phenomena To Use To Explain Others , Identifying The Best Class Of Signals For Fourier Transforms ; + Their Properties , The Definition Of The Class Of Rapidly Decreasing Functions , Rationale For Why These Properties Are Used ( Derivative Theorem , Parseval's ) .
12 . Cop Story , Review Of Rapidly Decreasing Functions , Generalized Functions ( Distributions ) ( Delta Function , Etc. ) , Viewing Delta As A Limit V. Operationally , Definition Of A Distribution , Delta As A Distribution , Discussion Of How To Consider Ordinary Functions In This Space ; Pairing Through Integration .
13 . Setting Up The Fourier Transform Of A Distribution , Example Of Delta As A Distribution , Distributions Induced By Functions ( Includes Many Functions ) , The Fourier Transform Of A Distribution , The Class Of Tempered Distributions , FT Of A Tempered Distribution , Definition Of The Fourier Transform ( By How It Operates On A Test Function ) , The Inverse Fourier Transform ( Proof ) , Calculations Of Fourier Transforms Using This Definition ( Distributions ) .
14 . Derivative Of A Distribution , Example : Derivative Of A Unit Step , Example : Derivative Of Sgn( X ) , Applications To The Fourier Transform ( Using The Derivative Theorem ) , Caveat To Distributions : Multiplying Distributions , Distributions * Functions , Special Case : The Delta Function And Sampling , Convolution In Distributions , Special Case : Convolution When T = Delta , The Scaling Property Of Delta .
15 . Application Of The Fourier Transform : Diffraction : Setup , Representation Of Electric Field , Approach Using Huyghens ' Principle , Discussion Of The Phase Change Associated With Different Paths , Use Of The Fraunhofer Approximation , Aperture Function , Result ; In General And For Single / Double Slits .
16 . More On Results From Last Lecture ( Diffraction Patterns And The Fourier Transforms ) , Setup For Crystallography Discussion ( History , Concepts ) , 1 - Dimensional Version , The Fourier Transform Of The Shah Function , Trick : Poisson Summation Formula , Proof Of The Poisson Summation Formula , Fourier Transform Of The Shah Function : Result , Fourier Transform Of The Shah Function With Spacing P , Application To Crystals .
17 . Review Of Main Properties Of The Shah Function , Setup For The Interpolation Problem , Bandwidth Assumption , Solving For Exact Interpolation For Bandlimited Signals , Periodizing The Signal By Convolution With The Shah Function , Solution Of The Interpolation Problem .
18 . Review Of Sampling And Interpolation Results , Terminology : Sampling Rate , Nyquist Rate , Issues With The Interpolation Formula In Practical Applications , Aliasing And Interpolation , Main Argument In Aliasing , Example Of Aliasing : Cosine . 19 . Aliasing Demonstration With Music , Transition To Discrete !
The DFT , The Plan For Transitioning To Discrete Time , Creating A Discrete Signal From F( T ) Creating A Discrete Version Of The Fourier Transform Of The Sampled Version Of F( T ) , Summary Of What We Just Did , Summary Of Results ( Formulas ) , Moving From Continuous To Discrete Variables , Final Result : The DFT .
20 .
Review : Definition Of The DFT , Sample Points , Relationship Between N And Spacing In Time / Frequency , Complex Exponentials In The Discrete DFT , DFT Written With Discrete Complex Exponential Vector , Periodicity Of Inputs And Outputs In The DFT ( More On This In Next Lecture ) , Orthogonality Of The Vector Of Discrete Complex Exponentials , Note On Orthonormality Of Discrete Complex Exponential Vector ( Or Lack Thereof ) , Consequence Of Orthogonality : Inverse DFT .
21 . Review Of Basic DFT Definitions , Special Case : Value Of The DFT At 0 , Two Special Signals : One Vector , Delta Vector , DFT Of Deltas , Complex Exponentials , DFT As Nxn Matrix Multiplication , Periodicity Of Input / Output Signals In The DFT , Result Of Periodicity : Indexing , Result Of Periodicity : Duality .
22 . FFT Algorithm : Setup : DFT Matrix Notation , One Intuition Behind FFT : Factoring Matrix , Our Approach : Split Order N Into Two Order N/2 , Iterate , Notation ( To Keep Track Of Powers Of Complex Exponentials ) , Plugging New Notation Into DFT ; Split Into Even And Odd Indices , Result For Indices 0 To N/2 - 1 , Result For Indices N/2 To N - 1 , Summary Of Results ( DFT As Combination Of 2 Half Order Dfts ) .
23 . Linear Systems : Basic Definitions , Direct Proportionality As Example , Special Cases Of Linear Systems , Eigenvectors And Eigenvalues , The Spectral Theorem And Finding A Basis Of Eigenvectors , Matrix Multiplication = Only Example Of Finite Dimensional Linear Systems , Integration Against A Kernel Generalizing Matrix Multiplication , Example : The Fourier Transform .
24 . eview Of Last Lecture : Discrete V. Continuous Linear Systems , Cascading Linear Systems , Derivation Of The Impulse Response , Schwarz Kernel Theorem , Example : Impulse Response For Fourier Transform , Example : Switch , Special Case : Convolution , Time Invariance , Result : If A System Is Given By Convolution , It Is Time Invariant ; Converse True As Well , Two Main Ideas Sumarized ( Linear -> Integration Against Kernel , Time Invariant If Given By Convolution ) .
25 . Review Of Last Lecture : LTI Systems And Convolution , Comment On Time Invariant Discrete Systems , The Fourier Transform For LTI Systems ; Complex Exponentials As Eigenfunctions , Discussion Of Sine And Cosine V. Complex Exponentials As Eigenfunctions ( Generally They Are Not ) , Discrete Version ( Discrete Complex Exponentials Are Eigenvectors ) , Discrete Results From A Matrix Perspective .
26 .
Approaching The Higher Dimensional Fourier Transform , Notation : Thinking In Terms Of Vectors , Definition Of The Higher Dimensional Fourier Transform , Inverse Fourier Transform , Reciprocal Relationship Between Spatial And Frequency Domain , One Dimensional Case : Reciprocal Relationship , 2 - D Case : Visualizing Higher Dimensional Complex Exponentials , Results : Visualizing 2 - D Complex Exponentials .
27 . Higher Dimensional Fourier Transforms - Review , Fourier Transforms Of Seperable Functions ( Ex : 2 - D Rect ) , Result : Formula For Fourier Transform Of A Seperable Function , Example : 2 - D Gaussian , Radial Functions , Proof That The Fourier Transform Of A Radial Function Is Also Radial , Convolution In Higher Dimensions .
28 . Shift Theorem In Higher Dimensions , Shift Theorem : Result , Stretch Theorem Derivation , Stretch Theorem Result , Special Case : Scaling , Special Case : Rotation , What Reciprocal Means In Higher Dimensions ( Inverse Transpose ) , Deltas In Higher Dimensions ( Basic Properties , Scaling ) .
29 .
Shahs , Lattices , And Crystallography , 2 - D Shah , Crystals As Lattices , The Fourier Transform Of The Shah Function Of An Oblique Lattice , Relation To Crystals ; Notation , Concepts , And Results , Application To Medical Imaging : Tomography .
30 . Tips For Filling Out Evals , Tomography And Inverting The Radon Transform ; Setup , Introducing Coordinates , Delta Along A Line , The Integral Of U Along A Line , Inverting The Radon Transform .
Introduction to Linear Dynamical Systems
Course description :
Introduction to applied linear algebra and linear dynamical systems , with applications to circuits , signal processing , communications , and control systems .
Brief course topics :
Least - squares approximations of over - determined equations and least - norm solutions of underdetermined equations .
Symmetric matrices , matrix norm and singular value decomposition .
Eigenvalues , left and right eigenvectors , and dynamical interpretation .
Matrix exponential , stability , and asymptotic behavior .
Multi-input multi-output systems , impulse and step matrices ; convolution and transfer matrix descriptions .
Control , reachability , state transfer , and least - norm inputs .
Observability and least - squares state estimation .
Course topics :
1. Overview Of Linear Dynamical Systems , Why Study Linear Dynamical Systems ? , Examples Of Linear Dynamical Systems , Estimation / Filtering Example , Linear Functions And Examples .
2 . Linear Functions ( Continued ) , Interpretations Of Y=Ax , Linear Elastic Structure , Example , Total Force / Torque On Rigid Body Example , Linear Static Circuit Example , Illumination With Multiple Lamps Example , Cost Of Production Example , Network Traffic And Flow Example , Linearization And First Order Approximation Of Functions .
3 . Linearization ( Continued ) , Navigation By Range Measurement , Broad Categories Of Applications , Matrix Multiplication As Mixture Of Columns , Block Diagram Representation , Linear Algebra Review , Basis And Dimension , Nullspace Of A Matrix .
4 . Nullspace Of A Matrix ( Continued ) , Range Of A Matrix , Inverse , Rank Of A Matrix , Conservation Of Dimension , ' Coding ' Interpretation Of Rank , Application : Fast Matrix - Vector Multiplication , Change Of Coordinates , ( Euclidian ) Norm , Inner Product , Orthonormal Set Of Vectors .
5 . Orthonormal Set Of Vectors , Geometric Interpretation , Gram - Schmidt Procedure , General Gram - Schmidt Procedure , Applications Of Gram - Schmidt Procedure , ' Full ' QR Factorization , Orthogonal Decomposition Induced By A , Least - Squares .
6 . Least - Squares , Geometric Interpretation , Least - Squares ( Approximate ) Solution , Projection On R( A ) , Least - Squares Via QR Factorization , Least - Squares Estimation , Blue Property , Navigation From Range Measurements , Least - Squares Data Fitting .
7 . Least - Squares Polynomial Fitting , Norm Of Optimal Residual Versus P , Least - Squares System Identification , Model Order Selection , Cross - Validation , Recursive Least - Squares , Multi-Objective Least - Squares .
8 . Multi-Objective Least - Squares , Weighted - Sum Objective , Minimizing Weighted - Sum Objective , Regularized Least - Squares , Laplacian Regularization , Nonlinear Least - Squares ( NLLS ) , Gauss - Newton Method , Gauss - Newton Example , Least - Norm Solutions Of Undetermined Equations .
9 . Least - Norm Solution , Least - Norm Solution Via QR Factorization , Derivation Via Langrange Multipliers , Example : Transferring Mass Unit Distance , Relation To Regularized Least - Squares , General Norm Minimization With Equality Constraints , Autonomous Linear Dynamical Systems , Block Diagram .
10 . Examples Of Autonomous Linear Dynamical Systems , Finite - State Discrete - Time Markov Chain , Numerical Integration Of Continuous System , High Order Linear Dynamical Systems , Mechanical Systems , Linearization Near Equilibrium Point , Linearization Along Trajectory .
11 . Solution Via Laplace Transform And Matrix Exponential , Laplace Transform Solution Of X_^ = Ax , Harmonic Oscillator Example , Double Integrator Example , Characteristic Polynomial , Eigenvalues Of A And Poles Of Resolvent , Matrix Exponential , Time Transfer Property .
12 . Time Transfer Property , Piecewise Constant System , Qualitative Behavior Of X ( T ) , Stability , Eigenvectors And Diagonalization , Scaling Interpretation , Dynamic Interpretation , Invariant Sets , Summary , Markov Chain ( Example ) .
13 . Markov Chain ( Example ) , Diagonalization , Distinct Eigenvalues , Digaonalization And Left Eigenvectors , Modal Form , Diagonalization Examples , Stability Of Discrete - Time Systems , Jordan Canonical Form , Generalized Eigenvectors .
14 . Jordan Canonical Form , Generalized Modes , Cayley - Hamilton Theorem , Proof Of C - H Theorem , Linear Dynamical Systems With Inputs & Outputs , Block Diagram , Transfer Matrix , Impulse Matrix , Step Matrix .
15 . DC Or Static Gain Matrix , Discretization With Piecewise Constant Inputs , Causality , Idea Of State , Change Of Coordinates , Z- Transform , Symmetric Matrices , Quadratic Forms , Matrix Nom , And SVD , Eigenvalues Of Symmetric Matrices , Interpretations Of Eigenvalues Of Symmetric Matrices , Example : RC Circuit .
16 . RC Circuit ( Example ) , Quadratic Forms , Examples Of Quadratic Form , Inequalities For Quadratic Forms , Positive Semidefinite And Positive Definite Matrices , Matrix Inequalities , Ellipsoids , Gain Of A Matrix In A Direction , Matrix Norm , Properties Of Matrix Norm . 17 . Gain Of A Matrix In A Direction , Singular Value Decomposition , Interpretations , Singular Value Decomposition ( SVD ) Applications , General Pseudo - Inverse , Pseudo - Inverse Via Regularization , Full SVD , Image Of Unit Ball Under Linear Transformation , SVD In Estimation / Inversion , Sensitivity Of Linear Equations To Data Error .
18 . Sensitivity Of Linear Equations To Data Error , Low Rank Approximations , Distance To Singularity , Application : Model Simplification , Controllability And State Transfer , State Transfer , Reachability , Reachability For Discrete - Time LDS. 19 .
Reachability , Controllable System , Lest - Norm Input For Reachability , Minimum Energy Over Infinite Horizon , Continuous - Time Reachability , Impulsive Inputs , Least - Norm Input For Reachability .
20 . Continuous - Time Reachability , General State Transfer , Observability And State Estimation , State Estimation Set Up , State Estimation Problem , Observability Matrix , Least - Squares Observers , Some Parting Thoughts , Linear Algebra , Levels Of Understanding , What 's Next .
Keio University Math Video Archive
Videos include :
Algebraic and Symplectic Geometry .
Number Theory .
Geometry and Dynamical Systems .
Singularities .
Noncommutativity .
Poisson Geometry in Mathematics and Physics .
Nonlinear PDE in Analysis and Geometry .
Dynamics and Arithmetics .
Noncommutative Geometry , K - theory and Physics .
Geometric , Spectral , and Stochastic Analysis .
Noncommutative Geometry and Physics .
Geometry and Analysis Towards Quantum
Theory .
Topological Quantum Field Theories and Some Modern Problems of Mathematics .
Equivariant topological quantum field theory and stringy invariants of orbifolds .
New formulas for π ( pi ) and other classical constant .
A geometric proof that e is irrational and a new measure of its irrationality .
An elementary reformulation of the Riemann Hypothesis .
Deformed Diffeomorphisms as a basis of a deformed group theory and a deformed theory of gravity .
Algebraic cycles and special values of zeta-functions .
Momentum maps and reduction in the symplectic and Poisson categories .
Determining the DNA sequence , a billion dollar logic puzzle .
The HIV / AIDS Epidemic :
When is HIV most infectious ?
Chaos .
Some aspects of deformation quantization .
Matter Wave Solitons in Bose - Einstein Condensate of Ultra Cold Atoms .
Combinatorial study of algebro- geometric objects via monomial ideals .
Combinatorial - Algebraic Cryptosystems and Polynomial - based Cryptography .
Algebraic approach to multidimensional systems theory .
Submanifold geometry and critical point theory .
Atiyah - Singer Index Theory and Its Applications .
Introduction to the theory of the Navier - Stokes equations .
Localization operators based on Weyltransforms .
Recent topics on the Navier - Stokes equations .
Poisson Geometry and Lie Theory .
Topics in Analysis , Geometry , and Probability .
An introduction to measure preserving systems and Poincare ' recurrence .
Aperiodicity and periodic approximation ; Rokhlin 's lemma .
Orbit equivalence ; Dye 's theorem .
Capacity and spectral properties of Schrödinger operators .
Moment maps and moduli spaces .
An Introduction to K - theory .
The biggest mysteries of our physical world : why is there quantum mechanics , and why is the vacuum stable ?
Lie groupoids and differential stacks .
Amenable Groups in Ergodic
Theory .
Microlocal Analysis : An Overview .
Global Attractors for Semiflows without Uniqueness .
Mathematical Models of Crystal Microstructure .
Open Problems in Elasticity .
Topological string and gravity / gauge theory correspondence .
Chaos Games and Fractal Images .
The Mandelbros Set , the Farey Tree , and the Fibonacci Sequence .
Exponential Dynamics and Topology .
Sierpinski Curve and Triangle Julia Sets. Elementary Mechanics From a Mathematician 's Viewpoint .
How Newton actually analyzed planetary motion .
Rigid bodies .
Kählerian Geometry , a Crossroad of Geometries .
Russell Towle 's 4D Star Polytope Animations
First animations ever made of the solid sections of four - dimensional star polytopes .
The Monty Hall Problem Explained
Problem definition :
Suppose you 're on a game show , and you 're given the choice of three doors :
Behind one door is a car ; behind the others , goats .
You pick a door , say No. 1 , and the host , who knows what 's behind the doors , opens another door , say No. 3 , which has a goat .
He then says to you , " Do you want to pick door No. 2 ? " Is it to your advantage to switch your choice ?
Solving IMO ( International Mathematics Olympiad ) Problems 2006
Video description :
The 2006 US IMO team members describe the steps they took to solve problems 1 - 3 of the International Mathematical Olympiad .
Related Posts
Free Mathematics Video Courses
( Includes discrete mathematics , algebra , linear algebra , mathematics problems , differential equations , math methods for engineers )
More Mathematics and Theoretical Computer Science Video Lectures
( Includes algebra , elementary statistics , applied probability , finite mathematics , trigonometry with calculus , mathematical computation , pre-calculus , analytic geometry , first year calculus , business calculus , mathematical writing ( by Knuth ) , computer science problem seminar ( by Knuth ) , dynamic systems and chaos , computer musings ( by Knuth ) and other Donald E. Knuth lectures )
Mathematics Video Lectures
( Includes course practice of mathematics and lots of mathematics seminar videos in applied maths , geometry / topology , liquid flow and string theory )
Mathematics Video Lectures
( Includes calculus , vector calculus , tensors , the most important concepts of mathematics , basic mathematics , numerical methods , p=np problem , randomness , fractals and splines and various lectures from advanced institute for study . )
This month I present to you new mathematics video lectures .
They include : Discrete Math , Convex Optimization , Fourier Transform and its Applications , Linear Dynamical Systems , Keio University Math Videos , Videos from IMO ( International Mathematics Olympiad ) , Explanation of Monty Hall Problem and 4D Star Polytope Animations .
Have fun watching these math lectures !
A West Hollywood Halloween display showing a likeness of Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin hanging by a noose has caused a furor among some residents who reported it as a hate crime , authorities said Monday .
But Los Angeles County sheriff ’s officials said the mannequin sporting a beehive hairdo , glasses and a red coat does not rise to the level of a hate crime because it was part of a Halloween display .
“ I ’m not defending this ; I ’m not criticizing it .
It does n’t rise to the level of hate crime , ” said Steve Whitmore , spokesman for the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department , who said he went out to the house himself to look at the display this morning .
“ Now , if there was a crime against bad taste . . . “
Advertisement
Sgt. Kristin Aloma of the Sheriff ’s Department ’s West Hollywood station said that since Sunday she had received five to 10 calls from residents offended by the display .
Officials are monitoring the house to make sure the situation does n’t get out of hand , she said .
West Hollywood Mayor Jeffrey Prang said although he recognizes residents ’ right to free speech , he found the display problematic and felt it should be removed .
“ While these residents have the legal right to display Senator John McCain and Governor Sarah Palin in effigy , I strongly oppose political speech that references violence -- real or perceived , ” Prang said in a statement .
“ I urge these residents to take down their display and find more constructive ways to express their opinion . ”
Whitmore said that potential hate crimes are evaluated on a case - by - case basis .
If the same display had been made of a Barack Obama - like doll , for example , authorities would have to evaluate it independently , Whitmore said .
Advertisement
“ That adds a whole other social , historical hate aspect to the display , and that is embedded in the consciousness of the country , ” he said , adding he ’s not sure whether it would be a hate crime .
“ It would be ill - advised of anybody to speculate on that . ”
ChadMichael Morrisette , who lives in the house , told a local TV news crew that cars and buses have been stopping near his home and that people have been snapping photos of the Halloween display .
The home ’s decorations also feature a doll of John McCain surrounded by decorative flames in the chimney , and other more typical Halloween items , such as skeletons and spider webs .
--
Advertisement
victoria.kim@latimes.com
Well , this a lousy way to start a week .
Last night , shortly after I made my post about yesterday 's Jets and Giants game , my office was broken into and burglarized .
We 've been adding on a two - story library tower to the back of the house .
The construction started in June and will continue to December .
That 's how they got in , entering through the back yard and construction area and ripping down the temporary plywood wall that separates the new rooms from the rest of the house .
They pulled open a lot of drawers , rummaged through a lot of stuff , and knocked over my computer monitor , but did n't get much of a haul , all in all .
I lost a video iPod and a Bose docking station ( although they overlooked the remote ) , plus two replica swords I had in a corner awaiting the end of construction , so I could hang them on a wall .
So far as I can tell , that 's all that 's missing .
They smashed the electronics on our safe , but were unable to open it .
Some of the tools that the workmen had left at the construction site were also taken ; a power saw , a few other things .
One of the swords was a gift from readers , a beautiful piece .
That 's the only real loss , though .
Easy enough to replace the ipod .
The second sword was junk .
( And no , they did NOT take my computers , so the hard drive where A DANCE WITH DRAGONS lives is still there , and safe , and I have n't lost any work .
And yes , I back up regularly , so even if they had made off with the hardware , I have all the finished text saved on disk .
So you can all come down off that ledge , please ) .
The most unsettling part of all this was the timing .
I came over to the office last night after football to make my LJ post about the games and answer some emails .
One of the mails in my in box was from a friend who wanted to come over and watch television .
I said sure , then went back to the main house to tell Parris that our friend might be dropping over .
She never did , so Parris and I watched ENTOURAGE and CALIFORNICATION and a couple of episodes of THE DAILY SHOW from last week that we 'd TIVOed .
Two hours worth of television .
After which I went back to my office ... and discovered the break - in .
Spent the next couple of hours dealing with the cops and the aftermath of all this .
But if I had n't gotten that email from our friend , I might have stayed in the office and continued to answer emails , which meant I would have been here when the thief ( or thieves ) broke into the construction site and then into the house .
I would certainly have heard the sound of the plywood wall being ripped down .
Most probably a shout from me would have sent them fleeing back into the night ... but maybe not .
I suppose I could have tried to drive them off with one of those replica swords , but I 'm just as glad I did n't have to try .
I am not exactly a figure to inspire terror in night stalkers .
All in all , we got off light , but it 's still a crappy way to start the week , and I 'll be spending most of today dealing with police , insurance companies , locksmiths , our alarm company , and the like .
And somewhere out there , some asshole has my sword .
In 1970 , in the midst of the longest bear market since World War II , President Richard Nixon declared : “ Frankly , if I had any money , I ’d be buying stocks right now . ”
The market soared .
Now , I ’ve been asking myself , just for the heck of it , what would happen if President Bush tried his own jawboning of the market and said : “ Frankly , if I had any money , I ’d be buying stocks right now . ”
My conclusion is : Mr. President , please , please do not say that !
I reckon the market could tank in ways that would make this week ’s one - day 777 point plunge look paltry .
I ’m not about to write a paean to Nixon .
I watched him quit in a bar in Bolinas , Calif . ; I can still hear the cheer .
But even his tortured , sleazy nature betrayed some essential seriousness about the fate of the United States .
By contrast , the Bush crowd has gambled the future of this country with abandon .
How to Design Programs ( HtDP ) provides a series of unit testing functions that allow you to test the output of any kind of function .
The current version talks about testing your code , but does n't offer a lot of guidance into how to do that .
Everything you need is there though , so in case you are doing this on your own and do n't have a teacher to tell you to do this , here 's some explanation that I hope helps .
check - expect
check - expect takes the results of a function and the expected value .
This is the simplest of the testing constructs which answers the question " Does the expected result of a function call equal the result returned by the function ? " .
It handles all of the details about types of values returned , so it can work with a simple value like a number , a complex value like a structure or a list , or even a picture .
; ; add : number number -> number ;; add two numbers together ( define ( add n m ) (+ n m ) ) </ p> < p > ; ; Tests ( check - expect ( add 1 1 ) 2 )
check - within
check - within is similar to check - expect , but it allows for a third argument to tell wether or not the result is within a certain difference of the actual answer .
This is good for certain functions that might produce random results , but the most common case is when dealing with floating point numbers .
Floating point numbers are not always represented precisely , so there needs to be some " room for error " so to speak .
( define PI 3.14 ) ( check - within (/ 22 7 ) PI .003 ) </ p> < p >( check - within ( random 10 ) 0 9 )
check - error
Finally , you can use check - error to test cases where your function throws an error .
Those error conditions are an important part of a function contract , so testing them should be done just like any other possible conditions .
One of the things that threw me at first was what to use as the expected value of a check - error test .
An error is HtDP is " throw " by a function like : ( error ' function - name " some message " )
After a bit of trial and error , I found out the expected result is a string like : ; " function - name : some message " ( check - error ( error ' list - pick " list too short " ) " list - pick : list too short " )
More Realistic Example
Fred Karger of Californian ’s Against Hate issued a press release today announcing Mormon contributions now account for $ 22 million of all donations received in support of Proposition 8 .
Three million in the past week alone .
And two million of that from the 8 major donors below :
Alan Ashton , Lindon , Utah – $ 1,000,000
Hartford Holdings , Provo , Utah – $ 300,000
David Moon , Alpine , Utah – $ 200,000
Michelle Adams Watterson , Cache , Utah – $ 100,000
Roger Bayer , Salt Lake City , Utah – $ 100,000
Katharine , Garff , Bountiful , Utah , – $ 100,000
Belinda Vandersloot , Idaho Falls , Idaho $ 100,000
The Vineyard Group ( Cardon & Haitt Families ) , Mesa , Arizona $ 100,000
From Karger ’s press release :
Now with the additional $ 3 million of late Mormon money contributed over the last 9 days added to the $ 19.15 million previously given by over 59,000 Mormon families , the new total is over $ 22 million .
This makes Prop. 8 the largest Mormon political undertaking in the 178 year history of the Mormon Church .
The audacity of Mormons who have a long history of discrimination , and who are now investing so much time and money into stripping away our rights here in California , is truly astonishing .
When the dust settles and Proposition 8 has either won or lost , their role in this election must be rigorously examined .
We must determine whether or not any religious entity should be able exert so much influence and power in the political process , without consequences .
Revoking their tax exemption status perhaps ?
Again I ask , will we let them do this ?
Please vote No on 8 .
Visit Californian ’s Against Hate to view the entire release .
Post by ILO on 11/03/08 at 1:53 am
Do n’t assume that launching a new site is the end - all , be - all to success .
There are billions of other sites out there , each one competing for traffic and sales .
Launching it online is only the beginning .
There are a few things you need to do right after to guarantee success .
Do n’t fret , we ’re not going to leave you hanging .
This guide talks about important activities after a new website launch .
Read on and find out what should be on your website launch checklist .
1. Set Up Web Analytics
After you launch a new website , knowing your traffic stats is invaluable .
Without these statistics , you ’ll have no idea about the number of people visiting your site .
That makes improvements more difficult , which stunts traffic generation .
Google Analytics is a top - notch and free application tracking your website users .
It ’s an undisputed choice since it ’s a powerful tool .
The best part is that it ’s easy to use even without technical expertise .
2. Track Your Search Engine Rankings
Ranking in search engines is a necessary part of growth hacking .
With a good search engine rank , your website gets more traffic and get more popular .
That ’s why tracking whether your SEO methods are working .
An easy way to track your website ’s ranking is to put your desired keyword in Google Search , look at your website but do n’t click your listing since Google remembers it .
Next time you check , your website will rank higher , but you ’re the only one who can tell .
3. Track Your Website ’s Uptime
Another important information for your website is whether it ’s online or offline .
It ’s not workable to spend your entire day tracking your website ’s uptime .
The good news is you can rely on apps to do that for you .
These apps will notify you when your website goes offline for a certain period .
Most of these tools are free , making it cost - effective in the long run .
You can use these and other techniques to drive website traffic .
4. Check Your Website Speed
A factor that determines your website ’s search rankings is your website speed .
But this is n’t the only reason to optimize your speed .
Users do n’t enjoy waiting , meaning they ’re less inclined to visit again if their first experience with your website is slow .
This is n’t as popular as Google Analytics , but it ’s an invaluable tool for a website owner .
It allows you to know the errors encountered by Googlebot while it indexed your website .
It shows the number of inbound and outbound links pointing to your web pages .
With Webmaster Tools , you can check which keywords users type in when getting to your website .
It can also detect security breaches and malware installed on your website .
Secure Your New Website Launch Today !
These are the activities you should do after a new website launch .
Follow them and you ’ll experience growth in no time .
Did this guide help ?
If so , we encourage you to read our other posts and learn more important tips and tricks for website growth .
If a false entry in a database leads to a unconstitutional police search that reveals illegal drugs , does the government get to hold it against you ?
That 's the question the Supreme Court will tackle on Tuesday in a case civil liberties groups such as the Electronic Privacy Information Center argue will have broad implications in a world where we are constantly being evaluated against databases and watch lists that are riddled with frustratingly persistent errors .
" In these interlinked databases , one error can spread like a disease , infecting every system it touches and condemning the individual to whom this error refers to suffer substantial delay , harassment , and improper arrest , " EPIC director Marc Rotenberg argued in a friend of the court brief ( .pdf ) .
Not surprisingly , the government disagrees .
" Police officers in the field must be allowed to rely on information they receive from others when it is reasonable to do so , " the Justice Department wrote in its brief ( .pdf ) , arguing that throwing out the evidence wo n't make errors less likely .
At issue is the case of Bennie Herring , an Alabama man who drove to the police station in July 2004 to try to retrieve items from an impounded pickup truck .
A Coffee County cop recognized him , asked the clerk to check the database for outstanding warrant .
None was found , so the investigator asked the clerk to call the neighboring Dale county clerk to see if it had a warrant for Herring .
The Dale county clerk found a warrant for Herring in their database , so the Coffee County cops set out after Herring after asking the other county to fax the warrant over .
Herring was soon pulled over and the police found meth in his pocket and a pistol under the truck 's seat .
But in the meantime , the Dale county clerk found that there was no warrant for Herring and the entry should have been removed five months previous .
In court , Herring moved to have the evidence thrown out , but instead was sentenced to 27 months for being a convicted felon in possession of a firearm .
No one – not even the government - disputes that the search was unconstitutional .
But the courts – including the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals – are n't convinced that throwing out evidence from a tainted - database - initiated search will make the system better .
" Hoping to gain a beneficial deterrent effect on Dale County personnel by excluding evidence in a case brought by Coffee County officers would be like telling a student that if he skips school one of his classmates will be punished , " Judge Edward Carnes wrote in a 2007 opinion .
" The student may not exactly relish the prospect of causing another to suffer , but human nature being what it is , he is unlikely to fear that prospect as much as he would his own suffering . "
Instead Carnes suggests victims of bad government databases should find their justice by filing a civil suit against the responsible parties .
Civil liberties groups say such suits are unlikely to succeed and that the Constitution should protect people from watch lists and databases relied on more and more by the government , even as it denies responsibility for keeping them accurate .
The case is Herring vs. US 07-513 .
Photo : dbking / Flickr
Barack Obama 's march to the White House appeared unstoppable as polls gave him a series of victories in key states .
Exit polls projected Obama victories in the key battleground states of Ohio , Pennsylvania and New Hampshire , which left his Republican rival John McCain with few ways of reaching the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency .
No Republican has ever won the White House without first winning Ohio and Fox News projected an Obama victory there shortly after 2 am GMT .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In Ohio , Mr Obama had the help of Governor Ted Strickland , previously a supporter of his former rival Hillary Clinton , as he tried to win over rural areas which went strongly in her favour in the Democratic primary election .
Mr Obama also lost to Mrs Clinton in the Democratic primary election in Pennsylvania , and the state was also at the centre of his only gaffe of the campaign , when he told a San Francisco fundraiser that economic frustrations had made small - town Pennsylvania voters " bitter " and driven them to " cling to guns or religion " .
Despite this , he won the support of the state 's voters tonight and its 21 electoral votes , giving him a significant boost in the race for the White House .
It was seen as a must - win for his Republican rival John McCain , who campaigned aggressively there .
Pennsylvania went into the election with more than 8.7 million registered voters , a record number .
The increase was primarily caused by Democrats , and the Democratic Party had more than a million more registered voters in the state than the Republicans .
On the campaign trail , Mr Obama told the state 's workers , and its unemployed , that Republicans had abandoned them and promised to invest in technologies that would create jobs and cut middle - class taxes to help families pay their bills .
Mr Obama also won New Hampshire , the scene of two great comebacks for Mr McCain and Mrs Clinton during the primary season - memories which the 47 - year - old Illinois senator will now be able to put behind him .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Once seen as Republican , New Hampshire was decided by thin margins in the past two presidential elections and was the only state in the nation to vote for Mr Bush in 2000 and then for Democratic nominee John Kerry in 2004 .
As the 21 - month £ 1.5 billion race for the White House entered its final moments , Mr Obama also chalked up victories in Rhode Island , Michigan , Minnesota , Wisconsin , New York , Vermont , Massachusetts , Illinois , Connecticut , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland and the District of Columbia .
He also won three of Maine 's four electoral votes , according to projections .
It is one of two states which can split its allocated votes between the two candidates .
Meanwhile Mr McCain took Kentucky , Oklahoma , Tennessee , South Carolina , North Dakota , Wyoming and Alabama .
A national CNN exit poll showed the US economy was the number one issue for 62 % of voters , followed by the Iraq war ( 10 % ) , terrorism and healthcare ( both 9 % ) and energy policy ( 7 % ) .
Earlier , in keeping with tradition , voting began at the stroke of midnight in a handful of remote towns in the north - eastern state of New Hampshire .
The residents of Dixville Notch have been meeting in the town 's ballot room at midnight each election day since 1960 .
Mr Obama won the town 's poll by 15 votes to six for Mr McCain - a landslide victory after more than 40 years of Republican loyalty .
Later , Mr McCain won Georgia and West Virginia , leaving him with 69 electoral votes compared with Mr Obama 's 194 .
A jubilant crowd of thousands gathered in Grant Park in downtown Chicago on an unseasonably mild night , confident Mr Obama would win the presidency by dawn .
They reacted each time the Democrat was announced the winner in another state - and the cheers were particularly loud when Pennsylvania and Ohio fell .
Interviews with voters suggested that almost six in 10 women were backing Mr Obama nationwide , and men leaned his way by a narrow margin .
Just over half of whites supported Mr McCain , giving him a slim advantage in a group that President George Bush carried overwhelmingly in 2004 .
At the White House , spokeswoman Dana Perino said Mr Bush told dinner guests : " May God bless whoever wins tonight . "
As more projections came in , Mr Obama won the key battleground of New Mexico while Mr McCain took Louisiana .
Mr Obama also won Iowa , where his landmark run for the presidency began in January with a surprisingly strong victory in the state 's first - in - the - nation caucuses .
Mr McCain took the traditionally Republican states of Utah and Kansas , leaving the electoral race at 207- 89 in favour of Mr Obama .
Here 's Why You Should Retain AIG Stock in Your Portfolio Sep 28 / Zacks.com - Paid Partner Content
American International Group , Inc. ( AIG ) Management Presents at Barclays Global Financial Services Conference ( Transcript ) Sep 15 / Seeking Alpha - Paid Partner Content
In a time of stock market crisis , bailouts and a weak dollar , Linked In still raises $ 22.7 million in funding .
How ?
It 's a relevant site with a number of useful resources for professionals and businesses .
Meanwhile , the launch of the site 's application platform last week puts the spotlight back on this phenomenally useful social network .
Many folks involved in social media are so ADD driven to the latest social network , they fail to fully explore and make use of the networks that they are already part of .
Enter LinkedIn , a haven for professional networking with an executive representation of all of the Fortune 500 companies .
LinkedIn has a lot to offer regardless of where you are in your career , especially with the economy the way it is .
What Exactly is LinkedIn ?
LinkedIn has been around all the way back since 2003 , and many people use it differently , so I asked the Twitterati , " What exactly is LinkedIn ? "
As we can see from the replies above , some people consider LinkedIn to be a full - fledged social network , while others see it as a mere contact list or business network .
The devil is in the details .
Should Businesses Care About LinkedIn ?
Of course they should .
LinkedIn has over 20 million members .
LinkedIn can be used by businesses and departments of any shape and size , and requires little social media know - how .
Search Engine Guide's Jennifer Laycock recommends LinkedIn to small businesses that are looking to start using social media but just do n't have a lot of time to do so .
Here 's an HR perspective from Jim Stroud of The Recruiter 's Lounge :
" Linked In is a tool recruiters cannot ignore .
Recruiters who do not want to be bogged down with resumes turn to LinkedIn to find quality candidates and their peers .
On the flip side , some recruiters use it to build up a massive list of contacts that they can use for email campaigns .
This of course , is not the intention of Linked In , but its a fact of life .
LinkedIn is becoming the next " Monster " with more and more recruiters turning to it . "
How Do You Get the Most Out of LinkedIn ?
The old adage that " it is n't what you know , it 's who you know " still holds value .
Linked
In takes this thought one step further , making it " who you will know soon to be of utmost importance . "
Using LinkedIn , I 've trained small businesses to spread their wings and get connected with companies that they might otherwise have thought were beyond reach , and to the persons they were looking for in those companies .
So , how do you meet people ?
Well , you can't throw sheep or sick your zombies after them .
There 's also no chat .
And guess what ?
That 's totally fine .
Many who use instant messaging aggregate different chat networks into a single app such as Digsby , Trillian , or Pidgin .
So who needs another chat app ?
Here are seven features Linked In does have that you should take advantage of :
Quick Lookup -
Look up who you are having that next business meeting with .
You 'll be able to break the ice right away .
Q&A - Post questions to others in your industry .
The Yahoo Answers look and feel of this feature has definitely made Linked In more active and interesting .
A public question can be responded to by anyone that works in really any discipline .
Such was the case where Derek Edmond spotted a discussion occurring about the trustworthiness of SEO .
Recommendations -
Have clients or co-workers post recommendations , which future employers and clients can view to gauge your skill and level of trustworthiness .
Conversely , if you 're an employer , these imply trustworthiness for a potential freelancer or new hire .
Background checks - Look up potential new hires or freelancers .
This should be right up there in an HR manager 's toolbelt .
See what your competition is up to - Keep track of what others in your industry are up to .
Network updates gives you a feed of recent activity , so you can see who your connections have friended , groups they have joined , and the people they have recommended .
You 'll even be able to see when people are switching jobs .
Introductions - Use people you already know to help make introductions .
It 's a great way to get in the door with a company you need to contact .
Open Networking -
Go out and become a LION !
You are an open networker .
What 's Next ?
LinkedIn has made a lot of recent updates and additions , including :
Group mania - LinkedIn has been making great strides in the groups area , having added search within groups , discussions within groups , groups you might like , and sharing groups .
When you think about how much engagement and adoption groups have brought to Facebook , you 'll really begin to appreciate these changes .
Profile page - since most LinkedIn users spend a great deal of their time on profile pages , the subtle UI ( user interface ) changes done to the profile page are a great update .
i Phone app - LinkedIn has a pretty spiffy iPhone app that 's worth trying out .
While I really appreciate these additions , I think it would be great for LinkedIn to tell beginner users more about why to use the service .
Similar to Twitter using the CommonCraft show 's Twitter in Plain English , Linked In could use its LinkedIn CommonCraft video to make beginner users see LinkedIn 's true value of building connections to help accomplish your business goals .
What are your thoughts ?
How do you get the most out of LinkedIn ?
Tell us about success you 've had on the service in the comments .
Brian Wallace is a social media consultant - get it touch with him on his blog , or follow him on Twitter and Plurk .
And yes , he 's on Linked In too .
Referee Tackles South Carolina Player in LSU - USC Game ( Video )
Check out this video of refereetackling South Carolina Gamecocks quarterbackduring the LSU - USC game Saturday night in Columbia .
In the video it appears Hackett -- a former All - American linebacker for Kentucky , intentionally hit Garcia on the second quarter play , however SEC officials have reviewed the tape and the conference plans to take no action against the ref .
The conference believes Hackett was protecting himself on the play , and Gamecocks coach Steve Spurrier concurs , saying he thought the official was trying to get out of the way .
LSU beat USC 24 - 17 .
View video below .
The view from this installation is surpassed by few others in the world .
Check out this new tiny Linux PC which uses a tiny two watts of power , the Cherrypal Cloud PC .
This tiny Linux PC features a Freescale 400MHZ MPC5121e mobileGT processor , there are also no moving parts in the PC which helped keep the power consumption down .
The Cherrypal features 4GB of NAND flash memory instead of a regular hard drive .
Memory comes in the form of 256MB of RAM , there is also built in 802.11b/g WiFi , two USB ports , a VGA port and Ethernet .
The Cherrypal will run a tweaked version of Debian .
There is no word on pricing or availability as yet , but according to the manufacturer they intend to make it the most affordable on the market .
via Engadget
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
When I looked at the Chromium source code and did a build , I noticed how much of it was Windows - specific .
Although the WebKit rendering component is already cross-platform , it seems that the Mac and Linux versions of Chromium and therefore Chrome are a long way from ready .
This is from the build notes for Mac OS X :
Right now , the Mac build is a work in progress that is much closer to the start than the finish .
No application that renders web pages is generated at the end of these instructions !
Cross - platform work usually involves compromises , and it looks like the Google team pointed the dial more towards optimising for Windows than towards ease of porting .
That surprises me , since it likely means more work maintaining the application for several platforms as well as delays now .
Chrome ’s ambitions as an application platform cannot be realised until it runs on the Mac .
Further , a disproportionate number of web designers and developers use Apple .
How long is a long while ?
Good question .
I ’ll be seeing some Google folk tomorrow ; I ’ll let you know what they say .
As cells age , they accumulate junk : cross - linked proteins , oxidized lipids , dysfunctional membrane - bound organelles , and other detritus .
Such undesirables can interfere , directly or indirectly , with the proper functioning of the cell ; therefore , it ’s important for cells to have ways to take out the trash .
One important class of garbage - disposal pathways is collectively termed autophagy ( etymologically , “ self - eating ” ) ; together , these mechanisms help to clear the cell of damaged macromolecules .
The rate of autophagy slows with age , making turnover of damaged components less efficient .
This could conceivably set up a vicious cycle : slower autophagy –> more rapid accumulation of toxic protein aggregates –> further interference with cellular machinery , including autophagy itself –> even slower autophagy .
This model has been termed the “ garbage catastrophe ” hypothesis , and is a prime contender for explaining age - related decline in cellular function .
The model makes a strong prediction : if one were able to prevent the age - associated decline in autophagy , one could delay or prevent this functional decline .
That prediction was successfully put to the test by Zhang and Cuervo , who created a transgenic mouse whose autophagic activity can be experimentally modulated :
Restoration of chaperone - mediated autophagy in aging liver improves cellular maintenance and hepatic function Chaperone - mediated autophagy ( CMA ) , a selective mechanism for degradation of cytosolic proteins in lysosomes , contributes to the removal of altered proteins as part of the cellular quality - control systems .
We have previously found that CMA activity declines in aged organisms and have proposed that this failure in cellular clearance could contribute to the accumulation of altered proteins , the abnormal cellular homeostasis and , eventually , the functional loss characteristic of aged organisms .
To determine whether these negative features of aging can be prevented by maintaining efficient autophagic activity until late in life , in this work we have corrected the CMA defect in aged rodents .
We have generated a double transgenic mouse model in which the amount of the lysosomal receptor for CMA , previously shown to decrease in abundance with age , can be modulated .
We have analyzed in this model the consequences of preventing the age - dependent decrease in receptor abundance in aged rodents at the cellular and organ levels .
We show here that CMA activity is maintained until advanced ages if the decrease in the receptor abundance is prevented and that preservation of autophagic activity is associated with lower intracellular accumulation of damaged proteins , better ability to handle protein damage and improved organ function .
To summarize :
In normal mice , a lysosomal protein required for autophagy gradually disappears with age , resulting in downregulation of autophagic activity .
In the transgenics , levels of that protein can be artificially maintained , resulting in long - term maintenance of autophagy and a significant delay in functional deterioration of at least one organ ( the liver ) .
The data strongly support a causative role for diminishing autophagy in hepatic aging ; the transgenic model thus points the way toward a therapeutic intervention against one of aging ’s root causes .
How that would translate into practical terms is another matter :
We do n’t have the technology to alter the cellular genome in every cell of the body ( nor is it clear we ’d want to try : as an exercise , multiply [ the rate at which your favorite hypothetical delivery method would mistarget an integration to an oncogene ] by [ the number of cells in the human body ] , and count the number of raging tumors that emerge ) .
It might be faster , not to mention safer , if we could develop a small molecule capable of stimulating cells to maintain chaperone - mediated autophagy on their own .
It will be important to determine whether these results will hold true in other organs besides the liver .
I ’m particularly concerned about the brain , where previous experiments involving pharmaceutical upregulation of autophagy have had worrisome results .
I would also love to know whether this method is effective at reversing , rather than preventing , age - related damage ( e.g. , in mice that have aged normally for some time before the transgene is activated ) .
On a final note :
It seems intuitive that accumulating detritus will be bad for cells , but I think it would be fruitful to consider the mechanisms involved .
What are the rate - limiting cellular functions that are the first to go when autophagy begins to fail ?
Another strategy , complementary to the one outlined in this paper , might be to boost the pathways that are the most sensitive to rising levels of junk , thereby making cells more tolerant to a given level of garbage .
( In the end , of course , one would still have to reactivate autophagy in order to take out the trash , but simultaneously boosting stress tolerance might buy the cell some extra time . )
P.S. : This story was reported in the press a few weeks ago .
Here ’s a particularly choice piece of coverage from Down Under : Scientists stop the ageing process — holy smokes , we ’re out of a job !
Note the bizarre non sequitur stock photo .
Progressive Cause Greater Than Any Individual ( October 14 , 1912 )
by ( October 14 , 1912 ) related portals : Speeches .
related portals : Speeches . sister projects : Wikidata item .
Speech given just after an assassination attempt by John Flammang Schrank .
Speech given just after an assassination attempt by John Flammang Schrank . [ 1 ]
2235478 Progressive Cause Greater Than Any Individual Theodore Roosevelt October 14 , 1912
FRIENDS , I shall ask you to be as quiet as possible .
I do n't know whether you fully understand that I have just been shot ; but it takes more than that to kill a Bull Moose .
But fortunately I had my manuscript , so you see I was going to make a long speech , and there is a bullet - there is where the bullet went through - and it probably saved me from it going into my heart .
The bullet is in me now , so that I can not make a very long speech , but I will try my best .
And now , friends , I want to take advantage of this incident and say a word of solemn warning to my fellow countrymen .
First of all , I want to say this about myself : I have altogether too important things to think of to feel any concern over my own death ; and now I can not speak to you insincerely within five minutes of being shot .
I am telling you the literal truth when I say that my concern is for many other things .
It is not in the least for my own life .
I want you to understand that I am ahead of the game , anyway .
No man has had a happier life than I have led ; a happier life in every way .
I have been able to do certain things that I greatly wished to do , and I am interested in doing other things .
I can tell you with absolute truthfulness that I am very much uninterested in whether I am shot or not .
It was just as when I was colonel of my regiment .
I always felt that a private was to be excused for feeling at times some pangs of anxiety about his personal safety , but I can not understand a man fit to be a colonel who can pay any heed to his personal safety when he is occupied as he ought to be occupied with the absorbing desire to do his duty .
I am in this cause with my whole heart and soul .
I believe that the Progressive movement is for making life a little easier for all our people ; a movement to try to take the burdens off the men and especially the women and children of this country .
I am absorbed in the success of that movement .
Friends , I ask you now this evening to accept what I am saying as absolutely true , when I tell you I am not thinking of my own success .
I am not thinking of my life or of anything connected with me personally .
I am thinking of the movement .
I say this by way of introduction , because I want to say something very serious to our people and especially to the newspapers .
I do n't know anything about who the man was who shot me tonight .
He was seized at once by one of the stenographers in my party , Mr. Martin , and I suppose is now in the hands of the police .
He shot to kill .
He shot - the shot , the bullet went in here - I will show you .
I am going to ask you to be as quiet as possible for I am not able to give the challenge of the bull moose quite as loudly .
Now , I do not know who he was or what party he represented .
He was a coward .
He stood in the darkness in the crowd around the automobile , and when they cheered me , and I got up to bow , he stepped forward and shot me in the darkness .
Now , friends , of course , I do not know , as I say , anything about him ; but it is a very natural thing that weak and vicious minds should be inflamed to acts of violence by the kind of awful mendacity and abuse that have been heaped upon me for the last three months by the papers in the interest of not only Mr. Debs but of Mr. Wilson and Mr. Taft .
Friends , I will disown and repudiate any man of my party who attacks with such foul slander and abuse any opponent of any other party ; and now I wish to say ' seriously to all the daily newspapers , to the Republican , the Democratic and the Socialist parties , that they can not , month in and month out and year in and year out , make the kind of untruthful , of bitter assault that they have made and not expect that brutal , violent natures , or brutal and violent characters , especially when the brutality is accompanied by a not very strong mind ; they can not expect that such natures will be unaffected by it .
Now , friends , I am not speaking for myself at all .
I give you my word , I do not care a rap about being shot ; not a rap .
I have had a good many experiences in my time and this is one of them .
What I care for is my country .
I wish I were able to impress upon my people - our people , the duty to feel strongly but to speak the truth of their opponents .
I say now , I have never said one word against any opponent that I can not - on the stump - that I can not defend .
I have said nothing that I could not substantiate and nothing that I ought not to have said - nothing that I - nothing that , looking back at , I would not say again .
Now , friends , it ought not to be too much to ask that our opponents - [ speaking to some one on the stage ] - I am not sick at all .
I am all right .
I can not tell you of what infinitesimal importance I regard this incident as compared with the great issues at stake in this campaign , and I ask it not for my sake , not the least in the world , but for the sake of our common country , that they make up their minds to speak only the truth , and not to use the kind of slander and mendacity which if taken seriously must incite weak and violent natures to crimes of violence .
Do n't you make any mistake .
Do n't you pity me .
I am all right .
I am all right and you can not escape listening to the speech either .
And now , friends , this incident that has just occurred - this effort to assassinate me , emphasizes to a peculiar degree the need of this Progressive movement .
Friends , every good citizen ought to do everything in his or her power to prevent the coming of the day when we shall see in this country two recognized creeds fighting one another , when we shall see the creed of the “ Have- nots " arraigned against the creed of the “ Haves . "
When that day comes then such incidents as this tonight will be commonplace in our history .
When you make poor men - when you permit the conditions to grow such that the poor man as such will be swayed by his sense of injury against the men who try to hold what they improperly have won , when that day comes , the most awful passions will be let loose and it will be an ill day for our country .
Now , friends , what we who are in this movement are endeavoring to do is to forestall any such movement by making this a movement for justice now - a movement in which we ask all just men of generous hearts to join with the men who feel in their souls that lift upward which bids them refuse to be satisfied themselves while their countrymen and countrywomen suffer from avoidable misery .
Now , friends , what we Progressives are trying to do is to enroll rich or poor , whatever their social or industrial position , to stand together for the most elementary rights of good citizenship , those elementary rights which are the foundation of good citizenship in this great Republic of ours .
My friends are a little more nervous than I am .
Do n't you waste any sympathy on me .
I have had an A - 1 time in life and I am having it now .
I never in my life was in any movement in which I was able to serve with such whole - hearted devotion as in this ; in which I was able to feel as I do in this that common weal .
I have fought for the good of our common country .
And now , friends , I shall have to cut short much of the speech that I meant to give you , but I want to touch on just two or three of the points .
In the first place , speaking to you here in Milwaukee , I wish to say that the Progressive Party is making its appeal to all our fellow citizens without any regard to their creed or to their birthplace .
We do not regard as essential the way in which a man worships his God or as being affected by where he was born .
We regard it as a matter of spirit and purpose .
In New York , while I was Police Commissioner , the two men from whom I got the most assistance were Jacob Riis , who was born in Denmark , and Oliver Van Briesen , who was born in Germany - both of them as fine examples of the best and highest American citizenship as you could find in any part of this country .
I have just been introduced by one of your own men here - Henry Cochems .
His grandfathers , his father and that father 's seven brothers , all served in the United States army , and they entered it four years after they had come to this country from Germany .
Two of them left their lives , spent their lives , on the field of battle .
I am all right - I am a little sore .
Anybody has a right to be sore with a bullet in him .
You would find that if I was in battle now I would be leading my men just the same .
Just the same way I am going to make this speech .
At one time I promoted five men for gallantry on the field of battle .
Afterward in making some inquiries about them I found it happened that two of them were Protestants , two Catholics and one a Jew .
One Protestant came from Germany and one was born in Ireland .
I did not promote them because of their religion .
It just happened that way .
If all five of them had been Jews I would have promoted them , or if all five had been Protestants I would have promoted them ; or if they had been Catholics .
In that regiment I had a man born in Italy who distinguished himself by gallantry ; there was a young fellow , a son of Polish parents , and another who came here when he was a child from Bohemia , who likewise distinguished themselves ; and friends , I assure you , that I was incapable of considering any question whatever , but the worth of each individual as a fighting man .
If he was a good fighting man , then I saw that Uncle Sam got the benefit from it .
That is all .
I make the same appeal in our citizenship .
I ask in our civic life that we in the same way pay heed only to the man 's quality of citizenship , to repudiate as the worst enemy that we can have whoever tries to get us to discriminate for or against any man because of his creed or his birth - place .
Now , friends , in the same way I want our people to stand by one another without regard to differences of class or occupation .
I have always stood by the labor unions .
I am going to make one omission tonight .
I have prepared my speech because Mr. Wilson had seen fit to attack me by showing up his record in comparison with mine .
But I am not going to do that tonight .
I am going to simply speak of what I myself have done and of what I think ought to be done in this country of ours .
It is essential that there should be organizations of labor .
This is an era of organization .
Capital organizes and therefore labor must organize .
My appeal for organized labor is twofold ; to the outsider and the capitalist I make my appeal to treat the laborer fairly , to recognize the fact that he must organize , that there must be such organization , that the laboring man must organize for his own protection , and that it is the duty of the rest of us to help him and not hinder him in organizing .
That is one - half of the appeal that I make .
Now , the other half is to the labor man himself .
My appeal to him is to remember that as he wants justice , so he must do justice .
I want every labor man , every labor leader , every organized union man , to take the lead in denouncing crime or violence .
I want them to take the lead in denouncing disorder and in denouncing the inciting of riot ; that in this country we shall proceed under the protection of our laws and with all respect to the laws , and I want the labor men to feel in their turn that exactly as justice must be done them so they must do justice .
That they must bear their duty as citizens , their duty to this great country of ours , and that they must not rest content unless they do that duty to the fullest degree .
I know these doctors when they get hold of me they will never let me go back , and there are just a few things more that I want to say to you .
And here I have got to make one comparison between Mr. Wilson and myself , simply because he has invited it and I can not shrink from it .
Mr. Wilson has seen fit to attack me , to say that I did not do much against the trusts when I was President .
I have got two answers to make to that .
In the first place what I did , and then I want to compare what I did while I was President and what Mr. Wilson did not do while he was Governor .
When I took office the Anti-Trust Law was practically a dead letter and the Inter - State Commerce Law in as poor a condition .
I had to revive both laws .
I did .
I enforced both .
It will be easy enough to do now what I did then , but the reason that it is easy now is because I did it when it was hard .
Nobody was doing anything .
I found speedily that the Inter - State Commerce Law by being made more perfect could be made a most useful instrument for helping solve some of our industrial problems .
So with the Anti-Trust Law .
I speedily found that almost the only positive good achieved by such a successful lawsuit as the Northern Securities suit , for instance , was in establishing the principle that the Government was supreme over the big corporation , but that by itself that law did not accomplish any of the things that we ought to have accomplished ; and so I began to fight for the amendment of the law along the lines of the Inter - State Commerce Law , and now we propose , we Progressives , to establish an inter -State commission having the same power over industrial concerns that the Inter - State Commerce Commission has over railroads , so that whenever there is in the future a decision rendered in such important matters as the recent suits against !
the Standard Oil , the sugar - no not that - tobacco - Tobacco Trust - we will have a commission which will see that the decree of the court is really made effective ; that it is not made a merely nominal decree .
Our opponents have said that we intend to legalize monopoly .
Nonsense .
They have legalized monopoly .
At this moment the Standard Oil and Tobacco Trust monopolies are legalized ; they are being carried on under the decree of the Supreme Court .
Our proposal is really to break up monopoly .
Our proposal is to put in the law - to lay down certain requirements , and then require the commerce commission - the industrial commission - to see that the trusts live up to those requirements .
Our opponents have spoken as if we were going to let the commission declare what the requirements should be .
Not at all .
We are going to put the requirements in the law and then see that the commission requires them to obey that law .
And now , friends , as Mr. Wilson has invited the comparison , I only want to say this : Mr. Wilson has said that the States are the proper authorities to deal with the trusts .
Well , about eighty per cent . of the trusts are organized in New Jersey .
The Standard Oil , the tobacco , the sugar , the beef , all those trusts are organized in New Jersey and Mr. Wilson - and the laws of New Jersey say that their charters can at any time be amended or repealed if they misbehave themselves and it gives the Government - the laws give the Government ample power to act about those laws , and Mr. Wilson has been Governor a year and nine months and he has not opened his lips .
The chapter describing what Mr. Wilson has done about the trusts in New Jersey would read precisely like a chapter describing the snakes in Ireland , which ran : " There are no snakes in Ireland . "
Mr. Wilson has done precisely and exactly nothing about the trusts .
I tell you , and I told you at the beginning , I do not say anything on the stump that I do not believe .
I do not say anything I do not know .
Let any of Mr. Wilson 's friends on Tuesday point out one thing or let Mr. Wilson point out one thing he has done about the trusts as Governor of New Jersey .
And now , friends , there is one thing I want to say especially to you people here in Wisconsin .
All that I have said so far is what I would say in any part of this Union .
I have a peculiar right to ask that in this great contest you men and women of Wisconsin shall stand with us .
You have taken the lead in progressive movements here in Wisconsin .
You have taught the rest of us to look to you for inspiration and leadership .
Now , friends , you have made that movement here locally .
You will be doing a dreadful injustice to yourselves ; you will be doing a dreadful injustice to the rest of us throughout this Union , if you fail to stand with us now that we are making this National movement , and what I am about to say now I want you to understand if I speak of Mr. Wilson I speak with no mind of bitterness .
I merely want to discuss the difference of policy between the Progressive and the Democratic Party and to ask you to think for yourselves which party you will follow .
I will say that , friends , because the Republican Party is beaten .
Nobody need to have any idea that anything can be done with the Republican Party .
When the Republican Party - not the Republican Party - when the bosses in the control of the Republican Party , the Barneses and Penroses , last June stole the nomination and wrecked the Republican Party for good and all ; I want to point out to you nominally they stole that nomination from me , but really it was from you .
They did not like me , and the longer they live the less cause they will have to like me .
But while they do not like me , they dread you .
You are the people that they dread .
They dread the people themselves , and those bosses and the big special interests behind them made up their mind that they would rather see the Republican Party wrecked than see it come under the control of the people themselves .
So I am not dealing with the Republican Party .
There are only two ways you can vote this year .
You can be progressive or reactionary .
Whether you vote Republican or Democratic it does not make any difference , you are voting reactionary .
Now , the Democratic Party in its platform and through the utterances of Mr. Wilson has distinctly committed itself to the old flintlock , muzzle - loaded doctrine of States ' rights , and I have said distinctly that we are for the people 's rights .
We are for the rights of the people .
If they can be obtained best through the National Government , then we are for National rights .
We are for the people 's rights however it is necessary to secure them .
Mr. Wilson has made a long essay against Senator Beveridge 's bill to abolish child labor .
It is the same kind of an argument that would be made against our bill to prohibit women from working more than eight hours a day in industry .
It is the same kind of argument that would have to be made ; if it is true , it would apply equally against our proposal to insist that in continuous industries there shall be by law one day 's rest in seven and a three - shift eight - hour day .
You have labor laws here in Wisconsin , and any Chamber of Commerce will tell you that because of that fact there are industries that will not come into Wisconsin .
They prefer to stay outside where they can work children of tender years , where they can work women fourteen and sixteen hours a day , where , if it is a continuous industry , they can work men twelve hours a day and seven days a week .
Now , friends , I know that you of Wisconsin would never repeal those laws even if they are to your commercial hurt , just as I am trying to get New York to adopt such laws even though it will be to New York 's commercial hurt .
But if possible I want to arrange it so that we can have justice without commercial hurt , and you can only get that if you have justice enforced Nationally .
You wo n't be burdened in Wisconsin with industries not coming to the state if the same good laws are extended all over the other States .
Do you see what I mean ?
The States all compete in a common market ; and it is not justice to the employers of a State that has enforced just and proper laws to have them exposed to the competition of another State where no such laws are enforced .
Now , the Democratic platform , and their speakers , declare that we shall not have such laws .
Mr. Wilson has distinctly declared that you shall not have a National law prohibit the labor of children , to prohibit child labor .
He has distinctly declared that we shall not have a law to establish a minimum wage for women .
I ask you to look at our declaration and hear and read our platform about social and industrial justice and then , friends , vote for the Progressive ticket without regard to me , without regard to my personality , for only by voting for that platform can you be true to the cause of progress through - out this Union .
It ’s easy and free to hold an adult lingerie & toys party ... We supply the consultant and you just have fun ! read more .
Those of you who use WordPress on your own websites will likely encounter this problem pretty soon .
Installing the latest Flash version 10 will disable the ability of any web platform that uses the SWFUpload library due to security reasons .
To put this into context it will cripple the upload ability of WordPress , Flickr , Yahoo , zooomr – along with many more services I ’m not aware of .
In WordPress you click you Add media >
Add an Image , and from there click on Choose Files to Upload , only for nothing to happen .
It ’s especially annoying as Flash Player 10 is a BETA release that has been forced upon users with all download links across the web being redirected to this version .
It seems Adobe could n’t be bothered to inform the rest of the web they were closing the door on this function , and could n’t be bothered doing their own bug testing in - house before release .
This is how to fix it ( and yes it involves downgrading Flash ) :
1. Uninstall Flash Player 10
Download and run the official Flash uninstaller :
http://www.adobe.com/support/flashplayer/downloads.html#uninstaller
2. Install Flash Player 9
Adobe have gone to great lengths to make it very hard to find legacy versions of Flash .
Let me save you some time since I had to hunt down the archives myself .
You ’ll need to download the Flash Player 9 ( 99 MB ) archive which includes all installers for Mac , Linux , Windows and Solaris .
http://kb.adobe.com/selfservice/viewContent.do?externalId=tn_14266&sliceId=1
From here read the included readme .
txt file to see which version you need .
( I ’m use FireFox on Windows XP so I installed 9r124/flashplayer9r124_win.exe ) .
You can delete everything else you do n’t need .
That ’s it .
Your WordPress image upload should work again .
Internet Explorer will be more troublesome , but I ’d advise using Mozilla Firefox anyway as it ’s fast and generally more intuitive .
Hopefully Adobe will find a way to fix these security issues without affecting so many online services that have come to rely on its previous functionality .
In the meantime here ’s some more reading if you ’re interested .
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama 's reference to " lipstick on a pig " has Republicans demanding an apology and Democrats accusing Sen.
John McCain of a " pathetic attempt " to play the gender card .
Barack Obama used the " lipstick " line at a campaign event in Lebanon , Virginia , on Tuesday .
McCain 's campaign said Obama 's remarks were offensive and a slap at Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin -- despite the fact that the Arizona senator himself used the phrase last year to describe a policy proposal of Hillary Clinton's .
Obama shot back Wednesday and accused the McCain campaign of engaging in " lies " and " swift boat politics . "
" I do n't care what they say about me .
But I love this country too much to let them take over another election with lies and phony outrage and swift boat politics , " he said in Norfolk , Virginia .
" Enough is enough . "
Watch Obama deliver his harsh words »
The phrase " swift boat " comes from the 2004 presidential election , when the group " Swift Boat Veterans for Truth " launched an attack ad campaign against Democratic candidate John Kerry .
Read more about what Obama said
Obama made his controversial " lipstick " remarks at a Virginia campaign stop late Tuesday afternoon .
Watch what happens with politics and lipstick collide »
" John McCain says he 's about change too , and so I guess his whole angle is , ' Watch out George Bush -- except for economic policy , health care policy , tax policy , education policy , foreign policy and Karl Rove - style politics -- we 're really going to shake things up in Washington , ' " he said .
" That 's not change .
That 's just calling something the same thing something different .
You know you can put lipstick on a pig , but it 's still a pig .
You know you can wrap an old fish in a piece of paper called change , it 's still going to stink after eight years .
We 've had enough of the same old thing . "
Watch how tensions are rising on the trail »
The crowd erupted in applause when Obama delivered the line .
The Illinois senator then praised both McCain's " compelling story " and Palin's " interesting story , " and said his " hat goes off " to anyone who 's looking after five kids -- " I 've got two and they tire Michelle and me out .
...
" That 's why John McCain 's campaign manager [ Rick Davis ] said this campaign is n't going to be about issues , this campaign is going to be about personalities . "
Within minutes , the McCain campaign announced a conference call focused on the remark , which they said was a deliberate reference to Palin 's line : " You know the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull ?
Lipstick . "
Palin used the line in the opening remarks of her convention speech , and she frequently uses it on the campaign trail .
In Iowa last October , McCain drew comparisons between Hillary Clinton 's current health care plan and the one she championed in 1993 : " I think they put some lipstick on the pig , but it 's still a pig . "
He used roughly the same line in May , after effectively claiming the Republican nomination .
McCain spokesman Brian Rogers told CNN the campaign saw a " big difference " between the two references : " McCain was referring to a policy proposal .
Obama was referring to [ Alaska ] Gov. Sarah Palin .
It 's obviously disrespectful and offensive .
...
" Who has been talking about lipstick lately ?
It was obvious .
The crowd went crazy because of it . "
It was n't the first time Obama used the line .
In a phone interview with The Washington Post last September , he used it in reference to the situation in Iraq .
" I think that both Gen . [ David ] Petraeus and Ambassador [ Ryan ]
Crocker are capable people who have been given an impossible assignment , " Obama told the Post .
" George Bush has given a mission to Gen . Petraeus , and he has done his best to try to figure out how to put lipstick on a pig . "
Other politicians have also used the phrase in recent years , including Vice President Dick Cheney , Sen. Maria Cantwell of Washington state , Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma , Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , Rep. John Mica of Florida and Rep. Tom Tancredo of Colorado , among others .
Torie Clarke , a former McCain adviser , even wrote a book called , " Lipstick on a Pig : Winning In the No - Spin Era by Someone Who Knows the Game . "
Still , the McCain campaign says Obama 's use was intentional , and they want an apology .
" Barack Obama 's comments today are offensive and disgraceful .
He owes Gov. Palin an apology , " said Maria Comella , a McCain - Palin spokeswoman .
Obama 's campaign said " enough is enough " and accused McCain of running a " dishonorable campaign . "
" The McCain campaign 's attack tonight is a pathetic attempt to play the gender card about the use of a common analogy -- the same analogy that Sen.
McCain himself used about Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton 's health care plan just last year , " said Obama campaign senior adviser Anita Dunn .
" This phony lecture on gender sensitivity is the height of cynicism and lays bare the increasingly dishonorable campaign John McCain has chosen to run . "
McCain ally Mike Huckabee took Obama 's side on the issue , saying he did n't think it was a swipe at Palin .
" It 's an old expression , and I 'm going to have to cut Obama some slack on that one .
I do not think he was referring to Sarah Palin ; he did n't reference her .
If you take the two sound bites together , it may sound like it , " he said on Fox 's " Hannity and Colmes . "
" But I 've been a guy at the podium many times , and you say something that 's maybe a part of an old joke and then somebody ties it in .
So , I 'm going to have to cut him slack . "
But McCain 's campaign is not about to let the issue go .
They released a Web ad Wednesday that plays Obama 's lipstick comments , then asks , " Ready to lead ?
No. Ready to smear ?
Yes . "
CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand , Sasha Johnson and Chris Welch contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Sarah Palin • Barack Obama
By using VoxDirect , the automated assistant directs my vendors and clients to the right person and takes me out of the phone - loop .
Now I can focus on growing my business without being an operator for the office .
Liz Taylor recovering in hospital after being put ' on life support machine ' for heart failure
Dame Elizabeth Taylor is recovering in hospital after being reportedly put on a life support machine with heart failure .
A spokesman for the Oscar - winning actress confirmed she had received hospital treatment , but did not specify her condition .
Health fears : Elizabeth Taylor was reported to be ' still very sick '
In a statement , the publicist said : ' Ms Taylor is fine .
Her hospital visit was precautionary .
She will be returning home shortly .
At present , she is surrounded by family , friends and fabulous jewels .
Her condition was said to have deteriorated after she was initially diagnosed with pneumonia last week .
Her children were at her bedside and doctors warned she might not survive , said the U.S. publication National Enquirer .
But the following day she improved and the dual Oscar winner was breathing without medical help a few days later .
A source said : ' The doctors thought they were going to lose her .
She 's still very sick , but she 's past the crisis . '
The actress , a mother of three who adopted a fourth child with Richard Burton , was taken to hospital on July 15 when flu turned into pneumonia .
Miss Taylor , who has been married and divorced eight times and was made an honorary dame by the Queen in 2000 , has been plagued by ill - health .
She suffers from diabetes and congestive heart failure - where the heart is too weak to pump blood around the body - has had both hips replaced and had a benign brain tumour removed in 1997 .
She is confined to a wheelchair because of osteoporosis .
But she has fought hard to regain her health in recent years , with some observers even suggesting she has hopes of a film comeback .
In 2006 she went on the U.S. chat show Larry King Live to dismiss claims that she had Alzheimer 's and was close to death .
Last year she was photographed swimming with sharks off the coast of Hawaii .
France keeps Scientology sites under surveillance
The Church of Scientology in France will be tried in court for " organised fraud " , according to legal sources .
The lawyer for one of the plaintiffs behind the case told the BBC that if convicted the controversial Church could be banned .
The Church has faced stiff opposition in France as well as Germany , where it has been declared unconstitutional .
The French branch of the Church of Scientology said it had been cleared of " numerous " similar charges .
It said such charges should not be brought to court again .
This case stems from claims by a woman who said she was approached by Scientologists in a Paris street in 1998 and offered a free personality test .
She says she ended up handing over more than 20,000 euros ( £ 16,000 ) for courses , books , illegally prescribed drugs and an " electrometer " supposed to measure fluctuations in her mental state .
Olivier Morice , a lawyer for the woman and for one other plaintiff in the case , says the case could be brought before the court by the end of the year or in early 2009 .
' Commercial operation '
Scientology was founded in the United States in the 1950s by science - fiction writer L Ron Hubbard .
It has attracted stars such as Tom Cruise , John Travolta and the late Isaac Hayes .
But it been accused in some countries of cult - like practices and exploiting its followers financially .
Scientologists reject this and say that they promote a religion based on the understanding of the human spirit .
France refuses to recognise Scientology as a religion , categorising it as a purely commercial operation and keeping it under surveillance .
In Germany last year , federal and state interior ministers declared the Church of Scientology unconstitutional , and in France in 2000 a government committee recommended dissolving the Church .
However , in October a Spanish court ruled that the Church of Scientology of Spain should be re-entered into the country 's register of officially recognised religions .
by Miguel de Icaza
Big news for the Mono team today .
Linden has started the roll out of their Mono - powered simulation servers .
Users can now opt into having their LSL scripts executed using the Mono VM ( it remains an opt - in feature , because some scripts are timing sensitive and the performance increase could break code ) .
Some choice quotes from Jim Purbrick 's blog post :
As well as providing immediate benefits , the integration of the Mono virtual machine makes many future improvements possible : the use of mainstream languages to script Second Life alongside the existing LSL language ; the removal of arbitrary per-script limits on script resource usage and the use of mainstream libraries and tools for scripting to name a few .
And :
The integration of Mono is the first step in the evolution of Second Life into a true software development platform .
Thank you to all the residents who have helped us take this first step .
Congrats to Linden on their launch !
The Technology
From a SecondLife developer perspective , some of the technical details about how Mono is integrated into the Second Life simulators can be found on their Wiki .
When a user opts into using Mono , a special LSL compiler that generates ECMA CLI byte codes is used .
The resulting CLI byte codes are then instrumented with some magic ( more below ) and then the code is exectuted using the Mono VM which translated the bytecodes into native x86 code .
I find the SecondLife technology fascinating .
Embedding Mono into SecondLife was not an ordinary task , it was not just a matter of linking with Mono and writing an LSL to CIL compiler .
SecondLife distributes the virtual world on hundreds of servers , and as visitors move through the virtual world , their inventory , character and scripts migrates from server to server .
This migration requires that running scripts be suspended , serialized to a database and their execution resumed on a different server .
This means that all the state of a script , including the current location must be preserved while the user navigates across servers .
The technology to do this is absolutely brilliant .
I strongly recommend the Lang.NET presentation that Cory and Jim did in 2006 .
The first half of the video is an introduction to Second Life , the second delves into the hackery necessary to make it happen .
This are clearly hugenormous news for us , and for everyone that worked with Linden , for everyone that fixed bugs and implemented new features in Mono to run under the conditions that Linden has .
Editorial Enough Already !
Say what you want about whether the recent Canadian election was a waste of time ; at worst it was only a waste of 35 days .
By Ryan McGreal
Published November 04 , 2008
Update : read a post-election report .
The US federal election season has ground along for some sixteen months now , since the first contenders for party nomination threw their hats in the ring in late 2007 , and I 'm friggin ' exhausted .
The result of today 's election looks a lot like a fait accompli .
Democratic candidate Barack Obama 's lead over Republican candidate John McCain actually increased in the last poll , to an eleven point spread .
McCain has run a truly abysmal campaign .
He has reversed positions on contentious issues multiple times , contradicted himself even within the same appearance , and frequently come across as angry , sarcastic and immature .
His selection of Sarah Palin as a running mate seemed to pump new momentum into his flagging bid , even as a series of Palin scandals rolled down the newswire and called into question McCain 's thoroughness at selecting and vetting her .
Then she opened her mouth on TV without a prepared script , and the carefully prepared image of Palin as a gutsy , straight - talkin ' maverick started to unravel .
Palin Palin '
Her positions on same sex marriage , sex education and abortion were extreme enough to galvanize a fundamentalist and evangelical Republican base that had found McCain himself to be insufficiently radical , but those same qualifications alienated the non-committed moderate voters McCain needed to pull ahead .
Further , Palin appears to have absolutely no knowledge of , or interest in , the big political issues that must occupy the executive team of the world 's most powerful country .
Her knowledge of economics and foreign policy is simply absent , as evidenced painfully on the rare occasions when a journalist had the chance to ask her a question that fell outside her crash training in Republican talking points .
Finance Fustercluck
Even worse , the major financial crisis that has dominated the last two months of the campaign has been disastrous for McCain 's credibility .
For years he was a champion of exactly the selective deregulation that resulted in a string of bankruptcies at investment houses , the emergency nationalization of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the two quasi-public mortgage guarantors , and a sustained drought in available credit that is starving the economy of capital .
A recent Obama attack ad quoted McCain from 2007 saying he would need to pick a running mate with expertise in economics to make up for his own shortfall .
It flashed the text , " HIS CHOICE : " and then showed a clip of Palin winking .
He cost himself yet more credibility during the ridiculous stunt in which he " suspended " his campaign to race back to the Capitol and try to hammer out a government bailout for banks and investment houses struggling with trillions of dollars in worthless mortgage backed securities .
By the time he actually arrived back in Washington several days after announcing his suspension , Congress had already worked out most of the details of a deal that was quickly signed into law .
Sleaze and Smears
But McCain 's biggest shame has been the sheer sleaze of his communications program .
The same senator who cried foul in 2000 when George W. Bush 's campaign team spread vile rumours about McCain during the Republican primaries has since embraced the dark side , with a seemingly unending stream of lies and distortions intended to impugn Obama 's integrity .
McCain and his supporters have accused Obama of :
Supporting sex education for kindergarten students , when he actually supported a bill that would help children ask for help if they are being touched inappropriately .
Associating with " terrorists " , namely Bill Ayers , a university professor and education reformer in Chicago who was a founding member of the Weather Underground when Obama was a young child and actually turned himself into federal authorities in 1980 but was never convicted of any crimes .
Being a " socialist " because he supports tax cuts for the middle class .
Incidentally , McCain made an almost identical argument in favour of progressive taxation during his 2000 nomination bid .
Trying to tie Obama to Rashid Khalidi , a university colleague who is critical of Israeli policy .
Incidentally , McCain was chairman of the International Republican Institute during the 1990s when the IRI gave nearly $ 500,000 in grants to Khalidi 's organization , the Center for Palestine Research and Studies .
Trying to tie Obama to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) , a non-profit organization dedicated to neighbourhood safety , voter registration , and affordable housing .
The GOP has claimed that ACORN is responsible for massive voter fraud and McCain actually tried to argue that ACORN was somehow responsible for the economic crisis .
ACORN notes that phony voter registrations are only a tiny fraction of the total , and they flag suspicious registration forms before sending them to election officials .
The sheer sleaziness of the increasingly desperate McCain / Palin campaign , which is much more about what Obama might do than what McCain will do , has spilled over into their supporters , who can often be clearly heard yelling epithets like " he 's a terrorist " , " he 's a n*****! " , and " kill him " during McCain and Palin speeches - though neither McCain nor Palin have stopped to denounce these attacks .
Voter Suppression
Perhaps surprisingly , McCain 's smears have not had the intended effect .
If anything , they seem to be repelling moderate voters who have sat on the fence until now .
This may be due at least in part to the Obama campaign 's highly effective efforts to challenge the accusations and fight back .
In fact , given the tracking polls over the past several weeks , it looks like this election is a shoo - in for Obama .
At the same time , voter suppression has emerged as a potential deal - breaker for Obama 's White House bid .
Between computer systems for matching voter IDs with voting lists that are riddled with errors , mass voter list purges ( including purges that violate election laws in several states ) , so - called " caging lists " , refusing the vote to people whose names appear on foreclosure lists , rejecting voter registrations based on errors in complicated forms that duplicate information in more than one section , and making it difficult for students living out of state to vote , among other dirty tricks .
Many constituencies still use touch - screen voting machines that are susceptible to " vote flipping " - the voter presses the screen for a candidate but the machine records a vote for a different candidate .
Whether due to miscalibration , design flaws or deliberate tampering , these are notoriously unreliable and many still lack an auditable paper trail .
The Obama campaign has prepared for this with the " the largest law firm in the country " to monitor the election and fight against abuses - including nearly 5,000 lawyers in Florida .
A Tight Race ?
Despite how well things look for Obama , this election is far from settled .
In addition to voter suppression , Obama may be susceptible to the so - called " Bradley Effect " , an observation made by social scientists that in US elections where a white candidate runs against a non-white candidate , the actual votes for the non-white candidate are slightly lower than polls indicate .
The theory is that some people who plan to vote against a non-white candidate are afraid to admit it before the fact , lest they be accused of prejudice .
More recent research seems to indicate that the span of the Bradley Effect has been shrinking over the past two decades , from 3.1 percent in 1989 to almost zero in 2006 .
If I was a betting man , I would lay money down that Obama will win the electoral college in a landslide ; but I called the 2004 election wrongly for Kerry .
At the same time , Obama has run a much better campaign than Kerry did .
Unlike Kerry , who twisted himself inside out to avoid saying anything offensive , changed his message several times and failed to fight back against the Swiftboat smears , Obama has been confident , consistent , and combative in his response to Republican attacks .
In short , he has looked positively Presidential , and American voters seem to have grown comfortable with the idea of this young , politically inexperienced first - term Senator as the next leader of the USA .
He is a pragmatic , moderate conservative with liberal leanings , he surrounds himself with smart advisors and supporters , and he remains calm and sensible even during a crisis .
So , a polite note to America : just vote for him already and be done with it !
Elect him with such a big majority that there 's no way to call the results into question .
Elect him with such a big majority that everyone goes to bed tonight with no question about the results .
Elect him with such a big majority that the results do n't have to be settled in court or on cable news yellfests .
Show the rest of the world that the birthplace of modern democracy still knows how to run an election .
Ryan McGreal , the editor of Raise the Hammer , lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer , writer and consultant .
Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail , a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton .
Ryan wrote a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine , and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator .
His articles have also been published in The Walrus , HuffPost and Behind the Numbers .
He maintains a personal website , has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook , and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram .
2 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
Gmail is one service that has been around for more than 10 years now .
We agree , it ’s already good in itself , but there are still some other features you may find interesting , but you do n’t really know about them .
Let ’s have a look at some of the most exciting features we can find on Gmail !
Morning Mail
Morning Mail is the feature that allows you to swipe left and right with your emails .
However , it ’s available just for iOS devices , and it ’s also suitable for Inbox Zero .
You will see new emails as cards , and if you swipe left you delete messages .
Swipe right , and you ’ll archive them .
Ugly Email
This helps you know which emails from your inbox are tracked .
It ’s quite easy to use : just after you install the extension , it starts detecting the emails that have a tracking device , marking them with a small eye icon .
SaneBox
This extension creates a separate folder called SaneLater , which contains all the unimportant emails to come .
As such , you will see the most important ones at the top of the inbox .
Charlie
Download the web version of Charlie , log into the Google account , and then Charlie will instantly display one - page information about people you will meet soon .
You will also get personal information about them from the social networks .
Typeless Contacts
This Gmail extension helps you gather all the contacts you have on several web services .
Now you can access them directly in the Gmail inbox , plus share them if you need .
Mixmax
Mixmax is an all - encompassing useful tool for Gmail .
With it , you can snooze emails , schedule a template creation and embed surveys , all depending on what you need .
The best thing about it is that it makes it really easy to schedule a meeting .
Brian Douglas Kendall
A firearm silencer , also known as a suppressor , works in the same way as a car muffler .
The muffler consists of chambers for the compression to be dispersed and the sound to be redirected or absorbed .
Heat is also reduced throughout the muffler system .
A firearm silencer works on the same principle .
There are generally three sections to a firearm silencer :
The first stage of the firearm silencer ususally consists of something that will absorb and dissipate heat rapidly .
It also allows for part of the compression to be reduced due to the quick cooling of gases .
The second stage of the firearm silencer usually consists of rubber or plastic washers or discs that help slow down the bullet to sub sonic speeds .
It also helps reduce compression .
The third and more complicated stage of the firearm silencer usually consists of tall wooden washers with rubber discs between them or thick chambers of soft plastic .
The end of this stage has a low wear rubber cylinder to slow down outgoing air .
The entire firearm silencer is contained within a one and a half inch 300 PSI ( Pounds per Square Inch ) plastic PVC pipe .
Parts list :
1x 6 - 14 ″ 300 psi plastic PVC pipe
10 - 15 x Rubber or medium hardness plastic discs
11 - 16 x Soft Wood washers with 1 1/4 ″ internal diameter
1x Rubber cylinder
5x Rubber discs
6 x tall wooden washers , plain
2x steel plugs for the middle and front of the firearm silencer
1x heat and pressure dispersement rod with positioning rings , black .
2x stabilizer donuts to keep the firearm silencer straight , red .
4x separator discs , green .
1x Adapter to attach the firearm silencer to the firearm .
Discs can be cut out with a hole saw , purchased from any local hardware store .
The materials can be bought there also .
Rubber or plastic can be cut out of tires or trashcans .
wooden washers can be cut out of particle board .
The steel plugs can be bought at any automotive store as freeze plugs .
The heat and pressure rod can be bought at any metal shop ; buy at 4 - 6 inches long Aluminium tube at about 1/8 ″ thick with an ID ( Internal Diameter ) as close to the bullet size as possible .
Stabilizer donuts can be cut out of birch or oak wood and then drilled with a hole drill .
All discs and inserted materials except the head rod should be slightly under 1 1/2 ″ diameter so that they will fill snugly in the tube .
The heat rod should be drilled full of holes 1 / 4 ″ from each end .
These holes should be about the same size as the bullet .
Leave about a quarter inch gap between each hole .
Place a wooden donut at each end and wrap the rod in aluminium screen .
Screw the rod into the wood or use epoxy .
Place this part into the tube first , this should be very tight and could even have to be hammered into the tube , however do not use screws or glue to hammer it in place .
Now place a steel plug in the tube so that the rounded end is facing the top or exit hole .
Now place the adapter in the tube followed by the stabilizer donuts .
Make sure the barrel will seat securely in the adapter and that the donuts are snug on the barrel .
Make sure you place a separator disc between each stage .
Drill little holes in the tube about halfway into the adapter and donuts and place small screws in place to hold them securely .
Note that a small angle is cut into the adaptor to facilitate the sight of the gun .
The adaptor has to be reamed at an angle so that the sight will not interfere .
Place a smaller PVC pipe in the front end and push the heat dispersement chamber up to the separator disc , next to the adaptor .
Now from the top , place a wooden washer then plastic disc , washer , disc etc. 9 mm ammunition usually requires 12 - 15 and a 22 usually 6 - 9 .
There should be 12 - 15 discs and 13 - 16 wooden washers , do not end up with a washer , now place another separator in place .
Last you will need to insert two rubber discs and a tall wooden washer , two discs then a washer .
Now place another separator in place .
Place the large rubber cylinder in place , this should be about 1 / 2 ″ thick .
Place the steel plug in place so that the rounded end is facing outwards and rivet it into the front carefully .
Before using be sure there is a clean hole all the way .
Use a wooden dowel to see if the firearm silencer is lined up with the barrel hole .
All inserted parts should have a hole in the center that is comparable in size to the size of the bullet ’s diameter .
Things you should know :
Suppressors will slow down the bullet and cause it to defract in another direction .
Suppressors do not operate well in cold wheather but this one will for the first few hundred rounds .
If you wish to shoot full auto you must double the quantity of internal parts and use an aluminium pipe covered with neoprene sleeve , remember that metal dings .
Firearm silencers are illegal in some areas ; be safe and know the firearm silencer laws in your location .
Books on How to Make a Silencer
After writing his popular book Workbench Silencers : The Art of Improvised Designs , inventor George Hollenback came up with a number of clever ways to affix common itemrs to the end of a firearm ot help suppress its noisy report .
More Workbench Silencers features the best of these designs , including four different types of slip - on silencers and three perforated tube designs .
These silencers are devised for the popular Ruger .22 bull barrel pistol , the venerable Colt .45 semiauto handgun , the compact .380 Makarov , and even the Maverick Model 88 bullpup shotgun .
All of these gun silencers can be made with ordinary materials available at any hardware store .
This illustrated report on suppressor technology presents innovative designs of well - known suppressor manufacturers and offers definitive comparisons of models based on prices , features , kits , independent manufacturers and technological advances .
It also examines the history of the silencer and the attitudes of the U.S. government , the public and terrorists about its usage .
More than fifty 9 ″ x 12 ″ working machinist ’s drawings present clear step - by - step directions for building three different advanced firearm silencers for submachine guns and pistols .
Improvised materials and machining techniques are suggested .
Learn how to make a silencer from common items found around the house .
George Hayduke , the Master of Revenge , will show you how !
Enter the world of muffled mayhem with these simple , effective and legal silencer designs .
Despite what the Brady bunch might say , silencers serve some very civilized functions and contribute to a saner , quieter way of life , which is why a lot of folks like them .
After reading The Hayduke Silencer Book , many readers shared their own ideas for simple designs you can build at home , legally .
Here is the cream of the crop .
This handy little manual teaches you everything you need to know to legally manufacture a silencer for any .22 – without a lathe or welder .
These inexpensive homemade silencers give you all the suppression you need , thread on solidly , do not affect your accuracy or the gun ’s functioning and last for hundreds of rounds .
Because it does not produce a sonic “ crack , ” the .45 is an ideal pistol for a silencer .
Here is a nuts - and - bolts guide to making your own silencer for the Colt 1911 Government Model .45 and its clones .
Includes construction details for all components , manufacturing tips that will save you time and effort , and plenty of clear illustrations .
This is the most significant book on firearm silencers in years .
Find out the story behind and incredible capabilities of modern silencers used by elite military units and secretive government agencies .
Author Alan Paulson has been called “ the dean of the American silencer experts today . ”
This highly anticipated second volume in the Silencer History and Performance series provides an unprecedented look into the evolution , tactical employment and performance of historic and state - of - the - art silenced firearms suitable for close - quarters combat , long - distance sniping and other professional applications .
It chronicles the production of pioneering silenced weapons used during World War II and the Cold War as well as the more sophisticated low - signature designs and tactics that emerged from the Vietnam War and again during an explosion of creative development in the 1990s .
The authors have combined recently declassified materials , numerous confidential sources and years of hands - on evaluations to reveal a wealth of information about today ’s incredible screw - on and integral suppressors .
Here is a slew of new and interesting improvised silencer designs featuring innovative couplings plus variations on aluminum cans , oil filters , PVC pipe , plumbing devices , water sprinkler pieces and other unique materials .
Warning :
It is illegal to possess or make a silencer without BATF registration .
The Ruger Mini - 14 may be the ultimate plinker , hunting and survival rifle .
If you already have the many accessories available for it , why not complete your collection with a do - it - yourself silencer ?
Here are step - by - step instructions to show you how to construct a tough , working silencer able to handle the high pressures generated by the Mini - 14 ’s .223 round .
All BATF rules apply .
One of the world ’s foremost experts , Siegfried Huebner has published numerous books and articles in his native Germany , and he has drawn from extensive research at the Mauser works , Heckler & Koch and the German army proving ground to bring to you this , his first English - language text on silencers .
This complete and authoritative guide includes chapters on the principles of silencers , WWII silencers , clandestine weapons and more .
SPREADING THE WEALTH ….
Barack Obama ’s tax plan must be pretty good , because the only attacks John McCain has come up with are fanciful nonsense .
To hear McCain / Palin tell it , Obama supports “ socialism ” and his plan to cut taxes on the middle class and lower - income families amounts to “ welfare . ”
The idea of “ spreading the wealth around , ” the argument goes , is Karl Marx ’s dream .
There are obviously multiple angles to this , not the least of which is the notion that the Ayers attack has n’t had the desired effect , and the McCain gang needed a new smear , preferably one that a ) sounds scary ; and b ) involves the economy in some way .
A spectacularly stupid “ red scare ” fits the bill .
Josh Marshall noted , accurately , that the “ welfare ” talk is almost certainly driven by racial animus .
Indeed , it almost has to be — both Obama and McCain are offering refundable tax credits as part of their economic plans .
It ’s pretty obvious McCain just wants to use the world “ welfare ” the way Republicans did throughout the 1980s — as a racially divisive code word .
For that matter , what ’s the opposite of “ spreading ” the wealth ?
Concentrating it , which is effectively what McCain wants to do with his own economic plan — keep as much wealth as possible at the top , and wait for it to trickle down .
Jonathan Cohn had a terrific item , explaining why “ spreading the wealth ” is a perfectly sound and reasonable approach to tax policy , and pointed to Adam Smith for support .
But to tie it all together , consider the speech Obama is scheduled to deliver in Fayetteville , North Carolina , today .
“ Lately , [ McCain ] and Governor Palin have actually accused me of — get this — socialism .
John McCain just repeated the charge again this morning .
And you know why ?
Because I want to give a tax cut to the middle class — a tax cut to 95 % of American workers .
These are folks who work hard every single day and get payroll taxes taken out of their paycheck every single week .
These are the teachers and janitors who work in our schools .
They ’re the cops and firefighters who keep us safe .
They ’re the waitresses who work double shifts , the cashiers at Wal - Mart , the plumbers fighting for the American Dream .
John McCain thinks that giving these Americans a break is socialism .
Well I call it opportunity , and there is nothing more American than that .
“ If John McCain wants to talk about redistributing wealth to those who do n’t need it and do n’t deserve it , let ’s talk about the $ 700,000 tax cut he wants to give Fortune 500 CEOs , who ’ve been making out like bandits — some of them literally .
Let ’s talk about the $ 300 billion he wants to give to the same Wall Street banks that got us into this mess .
Let ’s talk about the $ 4 billion he wants to give oil companies like Exxon - Mobil or the $ 200 billion he wants to give the biggest corporations in America .
Let ’s talk about the 100 million middle - class Americans who John McCain does n’t want to give a single dime of tax relief .
Do n’t tell me that CEOs and oil companies deserve a tax break before the men and women who are working overtime day after day and still ca n’t pay the bills .
That ’s not right , and that ’s not change .
“ I promise you this — not only will the middle class get a tax cut under my plan , but if you make less than $ 250,000 a year — which includes 98 percent of small business owners — you wo n’t see your taxes increase one single dime .
Not your payroll taxes , not your income taxes , not your capital gains taxes — nothing .
That is my commitment to you .
“ Here ’s the truth , North Carolina .
This debate — and this election — comes down to what we value .
In the America I know , we do n’t just value wealth , we value the work and workers who create it .
“ For the last eight years , we have tried it John McCain ’s way .
We have tried it George Bush ’s way .
We ’ve given more and more to those with the most and hoped that prosperity would trickle down to everyone else .
And guess what ?
It did n’t .
So it ’s time try something new .
It ’s time to grow this economy from the bottom - up .
It ’s time to invest in the middle - class again . ”
I can appreciate the thinking behind McCain ’s attacks .
He wants to characterize Obama as some kind of extremist , and “ socialist ” is one of those tried - and - false smears Republicans have been using for decades .
But it ’s a foolish strategy , as evidenced by Obama ’s remarks — McCain has put himself in a position where Obama gets to defend a middle - class tax cut that McCain is attacking .
What genius on McCain ’s staff came up with that idea ?
Exactly 1,400 days after his last fight Vitali Klitschko beat champion Samuel Peter on Saturday to regain the WBC heavyweight belt and seal the Klitschko brothers ' world domination of the division .
The 37 - year - old Klitschko - elder brother of IBF , WBO and IBO heavyweight champion Vladimir - added the WBC crown to the family 's collection having last fought in December 2004 before a knee injury led to his temporary retirement .
In his first fight for four years , Klitschko dethroned Nigeria 's Peter who retired at the end of the eighth round to hand Klitschko a technical knock - out and crown him world champion for the third time .
" I knew there was no risk coming back to the ring , " said a delighted Klitschko .
" I worked hard and made my dream a reality . "
We ’ve been having a fascinating dialog with readers in response to last night ’s post about those exchanges John McCain had with those rabid supporters in Minnesota .
I want to post some of your emails .
But before that I want to go back to this question of just what that female McCain supporter said to him before he snatched the microphone away from her .
As I said there were conflicting reports about whether the woman , Gayle Quinnell , said Obama was an “ Arab ” or an “ Arab terrorist . ”
I ’ve now seen reports that suggest that she said the latter but either the mic was cut or she did n’t have the mic in range .
In any case , the citizen journalism site the Uptake.org has video of an interview with the woman just after the rally .
It ’s done with a cell phone camera .
But uptake.org is a known quantity site .
And CNN ’s Dana Bash and NBC ’s Adam Aigner appear in the video .
So with those caveats , I think we can be confident of the provenance of the video .
You can see the video I ’ve embedded below .
The gist is that Quinnell apparently did say “ Arab terrorist . ” ( ed.note :
It would be more accurate to say that she insisted he was one in the interview .
It ’s unclear from interview whether she actually used the second word with McCain . )
She got the idea from a pamphlet she got not from the McCain campaign but from a fellow volunteer at the local McCain headquarters , where she ’s a volunteer .
She ’s been sending the pamphlet to people in her area .
And she thinks that McCain really knows that Obama ’s Arab but did n’t want to get into it with her on camera .
( You can read a transcript at the Uptake.org site . )
Now , this video and Quinnell I think kind of speak for themselves .
But what a number of readers have pointed out about the first video ( where she ’s speaking to McCain ) is this telling moment after McCain says , “ No , Ma’am ” the first time .
Quinnell says ‘ no ? ’
But the tone is the key .
She ’s surprised .
Apparently genuinely surprised .
Almost like , wait , I got something wrong ?
The reply really captures everything that ’s going on here .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A federal judge has ordered the immediate release into the United States of 17 Chinese Muslims who have been held for several years in the U.S. military facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
A guard tower is visible behind razor wire at the military facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
U.S. District Judge Ricardo Urbina on Tuesday ordered the 17 detainees to appear in his Washington courtroom at 10 a.m. Friday and said he would hold a hearing next week to determine under what conditions they will be settled in the United States .
The government late Tuesday afternoon announced it would file papers shortly with an appeals court seeking an emergency stay to stop the judge 's order in its tracks .
The detainees are ethnic Uighurs , from a mostly Muslim autonomous region in western China .
They have been in government custody for seven years and have been cleared for release for the past four years to any country willing to take them .
No countries have volunteered .
The judge , visibly impatient , told government lawyers he wants no delays .
" There is a pressing need for them to be released , " Urbina declared .
When a government lawyer requested one week for authorities to determine how immigration authorities would handle a court - ordered arrival of individuals with no status , Urbina summarily rejected the request .
He angrily demanded Immigration and Customs officials not even consider arresting the Uighurs upon arrival .
" I have issued an order .
I do not want these people interfered with in any way , " the judge said .
Justice Department lawyers told the judge they will immediately appeal the ruling and seek a stay of the order with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .
The Justice Department released a statement late Tuesday afternoon protesting Urbina 's order .
" Today 's ruling presents serious national security and separation of powers concerns and raises unprecedented legal issues , " said Justice Department chief spokesman Brian Roehrkasse .
At the White House , Press Secretary Dana Perino warned the ruling represents a dangerous precedent .
" The district court 's ruling , if allowed to stand , could be used as precedent for other detainees held at Guantanamo Bay , including sworn enemies of the United States suspected of planning the attacks of 9/11 who may also seek release into our country , " she said .
Dozens of colorfully dressed members of the Uighur community from the Washington area beamed as they left the courtroom and began embracing .
" We welcome this .
It has been a very long time , " said Amy Reger of the Uyghur Human Rights Project .
The United States determined in 2004 the 17 Uighurs are not enemy combatants , but has kept them at Guantanamo while trying to persuade other countries to resettle them .
Officials said they were not returned to China because of credible fears they could be mistreated if returned .
The Uighurs fled Afghanistan shortly after the U.S. - led bombing campaign began in 2001 .
They were turned over to U.S. military officials by Pakistani authorities .
U.S. intelligence officials alleged the Uighur detainees are associated with the East Turkmenistan Islamist Movement , which the administration designated a terrorist organization in 2002 .
Lawyers for the Uighurs dispute any terrorist connections .
Attorneys for the 17 detainees promised the court that if the judge 's ruling stands , a Lutheran church group in Maryland and other service groups are prepared to provide both short - term and long - term care and support for the freed prisoners .
Seventeen Uighur homes have been identified to initially house the detainees .
Urbina scheduled an October 16 hearing for immigration officials and other government agencies to discuss conditions for the 17 men .
All About Guantanamo Bay
Britain must abandon using almost all fossil fuels to produce power in 20 years ' time , the government 's climate change watchdog will warn today .
The independent Climate Change Committee will publish its advice to the government that the UK should set a 2050 target of cutting all greenhouse gas emissions by at least 80 % - including the emissions from aviation and transport , which were previously excluded .
Because it is unlikely that emissions from aviation and shipping will be cut so dramatically , other sectors , particularly power generation , would have to reduce emissions by much more , with big increases in energy efficiency , wind and tide power , and probably new nuclear generators , Lord Turner of Ecchinswell , the committee chairman , told the Guardian .
" We have to almost totally decarbonise the power sector by 2030 , well before 2050 , " he said .
The committee will say the far - reaching changes would cost about 1 - 2 % of the value of the economy in 2050 , although growth would still be strong .
" Rather than be twice present levels , [ gross domestic product ] would be 1 or 2 % less than that , " added Turner .
In his speech to the Labour party conference last month , Gordon Brown hinted that the government would accept the new target when it responds , possibly within days , although it is not clear if it will accept the full report .
Last night Ed Miliband , the new energy and climate secretary , said he welcomed the report .
" We need to act now to avoid dangerous climate change and the action we take must be guided by experts .
This is a pressing issue and we 'll respond to the recommendations swiftly .
The hard work will be for us all to make emission reductions a reality over the coming decades . "
If the report is accepted in full , campaigners said the UK target would be the most ambitious legally binding commitment of any country and would give the UK a strong position in international negotiations about a new global plan .
" It would mean finally the government would accept the advice of scientists , " said Martyn Williams , climate change campaigner for Friends of the Earth .
" We could say to people in international negotiations : you can do what we 're doing , not just what we 're saying . "
However , Williams warned that in future the commitment to include aviation and shipping must also be made legally binding .
" If the government [ did ] not accept a mechanism to make sure they and other governments were held to account , then we'd have to wonder if there was any confidence it would have to be delivered , " he said .
The Climate Change Committee was set up by the climate change bill and was asked to advise government on whether to increase the target of a 60 % cut in carbon emissions by 2050 .
Today 's report will say the new target must be " at least 80 % " and extend it to include other greenhouse gas emissions such as methane and nitrous oxide .
International aviation and shipping should not be part of the legally binding interim " budgets " that the committee will report on each year but should be a national target , and would " absolutely end up with an equal level of scrutiny " , said Turner .
In the first decade the biggest change would be a big expansion of energy efficiency and in the second decade of renewable energy .
Such a " radical " change was " do - able " but could also require new nuclear power , and carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) technology for coal - fired power stations and industries like cement and steel , both of which will be seen as controversial by environmental campaigners .
" It 's possible to do it while knocking out particular technologies [ like nuclear or CCS ] , it just gets significantly costly and more difficult to do , " said Turner .
Longer term , zero - carbon electricity would also have to be used to power cars and heat homes , says the report .
The report will increase pressure to abandon controversial plans for new coal - fired power stations in the UK before CCS is available at that scale .
Ministers have previously admitted full - scale CCS might not happen before 2050 .
Turner said the committee 's opinion would be published in a more detailed report in December .
The December report will also recommend interim targets up to 2022 and the impact of different industry sectors .
$ domain is almost here !
Upload your website to get started .
When Catherine Zeta -Jones starred in her first musical film playing a murderous , high - kicking jazz singer in Chicago , she won an Oscar and received unanimous praise from film critics .
Now , six years on , she is in talks to play Cleopatra in a $ 30 m ( £ 19 m ) , 3D Hollywood musical .
The film , Cleo , has been described as a " 3D live action rock ' n ' roll musical " by Variety .
It will be directed by Steven Soderbergh , who is also currently working on a biopic of the pianist Liberace , starring Zeta - Jones ' husband , Michael Douglas .
The Welsh - born actress will play the infamous Egyptian queen , while Hugh Jackman , who starred in X - Men , is in negotiations to play her Roman lover , Mark Antony .
The punk rock group Guided by Voices are believed to have written the musical score for the film already , while the script is being written by the band 's bassist , James Greer .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Zeta -Jones , 39 , proved to be a surprise success in Chicago , in which she starred opposite Richard Gere and gave a performance that won praise not only from critics but also from fellow cast members including Gere and Renée Zellweger , who is reported to have been spellbound when she first saw Zeta - Jones perform .
In 2002 , Zellweger was quoted as saying : " I had heard that Catherine could sing and dance .
People would say : ' You 're not going to believe it . '
Well , I walk in on my first day and she 's in a lift singing " All that Jazz " and I was just dumbfounded .
My jaw dropped to the floor .
I did n't speak for 30 minutes .
Just sat in the corner in awe and watched . "
Zeta -Jones , who gained her big break in the West End production of 42nd Street aged 17 , gave such an outstanding performance in the film that producers reportedly dropped their original idea of hiring Janet Jackson to record " All That Jazz " , and used Zeta - Jones ' rendition instead .
She is believed to have requested a 1920s - style bob wig so her face would be seen by fans who could not be left in any doubt that she was performing the challenging dance routines herself .
She went on to win an Academy Award for best supporting female .
Cleopatra 's story has never before been made into a large - scale musical by a Hollywood film studio .
The definitive film of Cleopatra 's life remains the 1963 version starring Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton , which elevated Taylor to superstardom when she accepted $ 1 m to play the title role in the lavish 20th Century Fox production .
This will be the first time that Soderbergh has directed a musical and a 3D film .
He has previously helmed a diverse range of films , from mainstream Hollywood fare including Traffic , also starring Zeta - Jones , to Che , a biopic on the life of the revolutionary Che Guevara .
He made his name with offbeat indie films , such as Sex , Lies and Videotape Another current project in his six - picture deal with the HDNet movie channel is the tale of a $ 10,000 - a- night call girl , which will feature a 20 - year - old porn star , Sasha Grey .
Help to Buy Wales , which was due to close to applicants in March next year , has been extended a further year , with the possibility for …
Baseball was first played in England during the 18th century , this game later gained recognition during the late 19th century .
The World Baseball Softball Confederation as the governing body recently organised the 2017 baseball series .
The competition captured the latest world records of players that represented different teams in the history of Baseball .
Read on to find out more about the most remarkable home runs in Major League Baseball .
Remarkable home runs
George Springs
Many compare the success of George Springs to that of a retired baseball star called Ruth Babe .
The latter was considered a baseball star for so many years thanks to his talent on the field .
Playing for the yankee team , he held home run records four times in a row from twenty nine to fifty four , to fifty nine and finally sixty .
Babe Ruth retired from baseball with a whooping baseball home run title of about seven fourteen .
Springs was the man of the hour during the 2017 world baseball series .
Team Houston managed five points ahead of their rivals during inning two of the seventh game .
This was made possible thanks to the prowess of George Springer who still managed to make his team shine in the fifth and six games .
It was the second game of eleventh inning that finally rated him as the baseball player of the season .
Aaron Judge
The 2017 baseball series captured Aaron Judge as the only baseball player who managed to hit the most extended dinger across the Yankee stadium .
An additional fifty two home runs rates Aaron as the best base baller in the rookie category .
Justine Turner
The mention of this baseball star takes us back to the times of Kirk Gibson .
The latter is remembered to have won the MVP award in 1988 but before the World baseball series started , he could not join his team mates because he had suffered a knee injury .
The media was already informing his fans that he could not make it to the pitch .
This pushed him to nurse his knee using ice and to the surprise of many , Gibson took part in this series .
Eventually , he performed magic in the pitch and his team beat the Dodgers .
Justin Turner hit his world record home run the same date Kirk Gibson set his record title .
Giancarlo Stanton
When playing the Miami season in August of last year , Stanton made a name in the baseball record as the only player who managed to clinch his home runs five times in five games .
This awakens the memory of Bill Mazeeroki ’s win .
In the second half of the Major League Baseball , Bill mazeroski a second baseman whose defence tactics was unmatched to any other player scored 11 home runs .
Playing for Pittsburgh , this was considered the most remarkable home runs in the history of baseball .
It is amazing to notice that Giancarlo Stanton is following in the footsteps of Bill and setting a better world record .
Joash Harrison
2017 baseball series captured the prowess of Joash as the player who hit his world record title in the 10th inning .
The history of Major League baseball likens the achievement of Joash to Carlton .
The latter participated in the 1975 World Series and showcased his talent in baseball .
He performed one of his best runs through lifting the highest fly ball towards the left field line and causing confusion to the rival team .
This earned him the honour of being included amongst one of the greatest best ball players of all time .
CONCLUSION
Baseball has maintained the title of not only being an interesting sport to watch but one with a memorable historical record .
The World Baseball Soft ball Confederations being the governing body has received credit for making this happen in the history of baseball .
Talented players across the world including George Springs , Aaron Judge , Justine Turner , Joash Harrison and Giancarlo Stanton have received global recognition for setting world record titles last season .
Are there going to be other new record titles next season ?
My advice would be to tune in to the next season of the baseball series to witness players set jaw dropping baseball titles .
Their new status means they can qualify for lower car insurance premiums because they are no longer considered “ single males . ”
And they hope their marriage will give them more legal standing if their son , Joshua , 5 , lands in the emergency room because of his asthma .
The last time he was admitted , the pediatric nurse told the two dads that she needed to speak with the child ’s mother .
But , Mr. Friedman said , they are well aware that their marriage carries no weight when it comes to , say , filing their federal tax return ( though they can file a joint state tax return , which will allow them to keep more of their earnings ) .
And the marriage certificate is flimsy when the couple leaves New York , which honors same - sex marriages performed elsewhere .
On family vacations , the pair will continue to bring along a slightly torn manila folder , stuffed with documentation  birth certificates , health care proxies , powers of attorney and all of their son ’s adoption records  that proves they are a family .
“ Our hope is that also providing a marriage license might help provide additional documentation for proof of how we are all related , ” Mr. Friedman said .
“ I want to make sure my son is taken care of if something were to happen to me . ”
The list below outlines the benefits same - sex married couples ( and those with civil unions ) generally receive , as well as what they still need to be concerned about .
These issues are not as complicated for opposite - sex couples , because they receive many more rights when they marry , regardless of where they live , and those rights are broadly recognized .
MEDICAL POWER OF ATTORNEY
Married or not , all committed same - sex couples should consider a power of attorney for health care or medical matters , which appoints a person to make medical decisions for you when you cannot do so .
It is also known as a health care proxy , among other things , depending on where you live .
The document should include an authorization under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act to provide access to medical records .
You may also include a hospital visitation directive to specify who can visit you in the hospital .
Another important document is a living will , which specifies which medical procedures may or may not be done .
“ It is an important document for anyone , but more so for same - sex couples because we could have family members come in and say , ‘ No , I know better and this person has absolutely no standing , ’ ” said James Tissot , a New York financial planner .
DURABLE POWER OF ATTORNEY
If one partner becomes incapacitated , a durable power of attorney gives the other partner authority to handle financial and legal affairs , like paying bills .
Critical History
On the Fourth of July 1776 , the American states were united at war with Great Britain and had just declared their Independance .
But what did it mean ?
What does it mean now ?
- Independence .
This nation acted like one of England 's colonies for hundreds of years and in that time had grown to become one of Great Britain 's most productive resources .
Then the French American War began and England came to defend the " colonists " incurring great debts and finally winning the war .
Britain decided that it needed to keep troops here even though it did not have sufficient forts and that it could not afford to build such forts ; therefore they decided to compel the people here to quarter the British troops in their homes with room and board ; for protection of such troops they confiscated the peoples guns ; the King also created a sales tax .
The rights of the colonists became so abused that it became necessary to stand against Great Britain 's abuse over , " the last straw "  though most of the sales taxes were dropped , on a few key imported items like tea and shugar they went from from 3 % to 6 % .
In response , rather than paying the increased tax , some of the colonists had a party ( the Boston Tea Party ) and threw a load of tea into the harbor ; while others formed the Declaration of Independence and went to war .
When the War was over they formed a new foundational document , The Articles of Confederation , that document recognized this nation as a nation made up of independent sovereign United States , and gave the name " The United States of America " to the new government .
Many of the people of this new nation felt that it was wrong to leave England .
Sure there were rights violations but those were livable and their future was a certainty as an English Colony .
Now that they were on their own nothing at all was sure .
Over the next ten years conditions in this country continually got worse .
The individual States gave little regard to any other State and paid nearly no attention at all to the central government .
After ten years of independence from Great Britain conditions were far worse than they had ever been under Great Britain 's rule and protection .
Many wanted government officials to go back to Great Britain and beg the King to take us back , and they almost did .
" To form a more perfect Union " That movement was considered too severe to take without first attempting to resolve the problems of this new nation by the sitting of what later became known as the Constitutional Convention .
Each of the Sovereign States gave authority to ( deputized ) a few men to form a college to review and reform the present form of government and to eliminate the errors made in thier first attempt at the Articles of Confederation .
In other words those few men were collectively entrusted with the peoples ' sovereign authority to reform the government .
The Deputies created a Trust Indenture .
Though some people say the Indenture had no title , because there was no Title written in bold letters at its head , its title , " The Constitution for the United States of America " , was given in its Preamble : " We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquillity , provide for the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America . "
It containes VII Articles , concluding with the signatures of the twelve States ' Deputies present at the convention .
Once agreed to on , September 17th , 1787 and signed by the Deputies , the Trust was formed .
This Indenture , ( Constitution ) with the intent and authority of the sovereign people , created a " Constitutional Republic " form of government in trust .
Though the Deputies were empowered to reform the government to more perfectly align it with the will of the people , the States had not fully expected that their sovereignty and control over the land would be removed , wherefore the Deputies resolved to take the Trust back to the individual States for their respective ratification .
The States conditionally refused ratification until limits were placed upon the new government that would secure man 's God given inherent rights .
Remember , under the Articles of Confederation , these individual States were recognized as individually Sovereign States , which was the problem with the Articles of Confederation , there was no accountability or control over the individual States .
Without accountability whoever was in power simply ignored the central government and moved forward literally however they saw fit ( in violation of individual rights , or not ) .
In essence , they were each absolutely powerful kingdoms .
It was obvious that if something was n't done to unite the Union of States as , " United States " they would be destroyed from within or without .
So when offered the Trust Indenture , the individual sovereign States ' leaders could see that they would no longer be sovereign if they accepted the Trust , and they would be destroyed if they did n't accept it .
Not much of a choice , but the war with England ended only a little over ten years earlier and they did n't want to go back , so they demanded that if they were to give up their sovereignty , the people 's rights must be preserved from the central government .
Thus they conditionally refused the Trust until the insisted on " Bill of Rights " were added .
Therefore , the Trust document was first created to create a Trust known as the " United States " .
The Trust created a government controlled by the Trust .
Government officials were set up within the Trust as Trustees with specific defined responsibilities and functions .
The People were set up as the beneficiaries of the Trust and when any government official takes office he / she is required to swear an oath of allegiance [ make a contract with the people to uphold the Constitution ] .
Remember , at this point the government has already been created in trust , by the signed Constitution .
As yet the Trust has nobody sitting in the offices of government , however , the States are not willing to support the Trust and authorize its officers to function with control over them unless the people 's rights and the State 's rights are secured .
The Conventioneers went back to work to draft the requested , Bill of Rights , which were later provided as the First Ten Amendments to the , Constitution of the United States of America , a document that was created to bind officers in an Oath to uphold the Trust of the people and securing the peoples rights .
Then the Trust , the Constitution for the United States of America ( still signed and unchanged from its original version as first presented to the states ) , along with the " Bill of Rights " as the first ten amendments to the Constitution of the United States of America , were returned to the individual States and were ratified by each of those States and returned to the Constitutional Convention where the new government was made effective and put in operation on or after , December 15th , 1791 , the " Effective date of the Constitution which was then rewritten with the Title , The Constitution of the United States of America , including the Bill of Rights .
Now let 's go back and again review the documents created in the process by name .
( Names are about to become very important when we go to the next step and begin to follow the money . )
Here 's what happened step by step .
First :
There was the Trust , it had no named Title but within its own first paragraph it named itself the , " Constitution for the United States of America " .
Remember this document is a Trust document ;
It created a Trust called the " United States of America " .
This document was accepted and signed by all of the Conventioneers .
The signed Trust document ( Constitution ) created a government .
There was nobody sitting in the seats of that government , and there would n't be until such time as the individual States ratified the Constitution and the Conventioneers appointed people into the offices .
Second : The Trust was sent out for ratification of the individual States .
Third :
The individual States declined for a conditional reason which when resolved would make the Trust acceptable .
Fourth : The Constitutional Convention again sat and generated the Bill of Rights ( a set of supreme laws that limit government ) .
The wording of the Bill recognized it as " Articles in addition to , and Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America " .
Presupposing that the Constitution [ Trust ] already exists .
The Constitution was a trust document that created a republican form of government in trust of , by , and for the people .
Note :
They did not regenerate the Constitution it was already signed and accepted by each of the State 's representatives as the Trust that it is .
Fifth :
The individual States were given the Constitution as before along with the new " Bill of Rights " and all accepted and ratified the documents .
Sixth : With the ratification of the Trust and its " Bill of Rights " , the government was accepted as formed , in trust , yet still , there were no officers in the seats of the government .
[ It 's very important for us to notice this status of the government . **]
Seventh The Constitutional Convention again sat to perform their final acts as the Creator of the Trust .
They appointed officials to sit in the primary seats of the newly formed Constitutional Republic and serve until an election was held .
Eighth :
Those officials now appointed could not take office until they each individually first swore an Oath of Office stating they would uphold the , Constitution of the United States of America .
Again please note the name used in the Bill of Rights and now used for this " contract " by Oath to uphold the : Constitution of the United States of America , not , " for the united " , but " of the United " .
Note :
It 's important to note here that we are indeed talking about two different documents .
The First , the , Constitution for the United States of America , is a Trust and the Second , the , Constitution of the United States of America , is a contract between the officers of government and the beneficiaries of the Trust .
After the Constitution was in place , and elections were held ratifying George Washington as President things went fairly well until the Civil War .
By 1868 the war was over and the government had a gigantic problem .
Until that time Congressmen were equally , collectively and severably liable for the acts of government .
It was much like a General Partnership .
In the wake of the war martial law was necessarily enforced in the South and carpetbaggers were sent down to " help adjust property ownership problems " after the war .
Many great atrocities were performed .
Vulnerability to lawsuit was unbearable .
It was considered that , in the interest of better handling the business interests and needs of government , the government should form a corporation .
Corp. USA .
The United States of America 's Congress formed a private corporation named , " The District of Columbia " ( Corp. USA ) in , The District of Columbia Organic Act of 1871 .
The purpose of this corporation was to carry out the business needs of the government under the martial law aftermath of the Civil War .
It trademarked the names : " United States Government " , " United States " , " U.S. " , " U.S.A. " , " USA " , and " America " .
The corporation was not well received by the people and by the end of 1873 , it was nearly defunct .
The corporation was reorganized in 1878 along with its trademarks .
Corp. USA began issuing bonds to cover the expenses of running government .
They continued to issue these bonds until by 1912 there were more bonds due than there was money in the Treasury to pay for the bonds .
Seven very powerful families had been buying up the bonds and in 1912 they demanded their timely redemption .
When Corp. U.S. could n't come up with the money due , its owner was obligated to pay .
The Treasury of the United States of America did not have sufficient funds to cover the bonds either and to satisfy the obligations the seven families seized the Treasury with all of its possessions .
By 1913 there was still no money for operating the government / corporation , and if Corp. U.S. did n't do something the people would revolt against them , so Corp.
U.S. went to those seven very powerful families and asked if they could borrow money from them .
The Federal Reserve Bank
The heads of those families made arrangements and provisions to loan the money to Corp. U.S. and in 1913 the Federal Reserve Bank was formed and agreed to fund Corp. U.S. in their endeavors .
Such an action would have been a gigantic violation of law but there was n't any problem with a corporation doing such .
The real problem is in the name .
How does one tell the difference between the corporation named , " THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT " , and the government of the United States of America ?
What 's worse , how do you tell the difference between the " United States " [ a Trust and the body of government that represents the Trust , as Trustees ] , and the " United States " a trademark name for , " THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT " ?
The answer is simple , you can't unless you know the context of what 's being done .
The problem gets even larger when you take into consideration the fact that the officers of government are also the officers of the corporation .
They were simultaneously appointed or elected into their offices , both in the corporation and in the government at the same time .
In virtually every way the name of their offices and their responsibilities as corporate officials and as government officers were coincidental .
There was no conflict in interest because the corporations purpose was to fulfill the business needs of the government .
We do n't need to go into all of the details and ramifications of the arrangements between Corp. U.S. and the Federal Reserve Bank .
The fact of the matter is :
Where the government could n't lawfully be involved with the Federal Reserve Bank , the corporation can be .
Having recognized the Federal Reserve link with Corp. U.S. , let 's again jump forward through history .
For the purposes of this article , we 're going to jump right over the Trading with Enemies Act of 1917 and the Emergency War Powers Act of 1933 .
Though those
Acts are very important in relation to the War we 're involved in today , they wo n't affect the outcome of this presentation of history , and in this presentation we want to stick with the money and Corp.
U.S. The UN , IMF , & World Bank
So we jump from 1913 and the setting of the Federal Reserve Bank as the financier of Corp. U.S. to 1944 and WW2 .
The war was winding down and a new player enters the scene - The United Nations and their creations " The International Monetary Fund " ( IMF ) , and " The World Bank for Reconstruction and Development " ( World Bank ) .
Make sure you 're sitting down for this one .
We turn now to United States Code ( USC ) Title 22 ¤ 286 and read the following : " ¤ 286 .
Acceptance of membership by the United States in International Monetary Fund .
" The President is hereby authorized to accept membership for the United States in the International Monetary Fund ( hereinafter referred to as the " Fund " ) , and in the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( hereinafter referred to as the " Bank " ) , provided for by the Articles of Agreement of the Fund and the Articles of Agreement of the Bank as set forth in the Final Act of the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference dated July 22 , 1944 , and deposited in the archives of the Department of State .
( July 31 , 1945 , ch 339 , ¤ 2 , 59 Stat. 512 . )
Short titles : É May be cited as the ' Bretton Woods Agreements Act ' .
" Other provisions : Par value modification .
For the Congressional direction that the Secretary of the Treasury maintain the value in terms of gold of the Inter - American Development Bank 's holdings of United States dollars following the establishment of a par value of the dollar at $ 38 for a fine troy ounce of gold pursuant to the Par Value Modification Act and for the authorization of the appropriations necessary to provide such maintenance of value , see 31 USC ¤ 449a . "
The Quit Claim Deed
The act further transfers the assets of the United States Treasury to the IMF by stating words to the effect that : ' the United States Treasury is now the Individual Drawing account of the IMF '
Think about it .
" The President is hereby authorized to accept membership for the United States in the the IMF " The President is authorized by whom ?
Congress ?
Well , even if Congress did authorize it where did they get the authority to so do ?
Certainly not from the Constitution , and Congress can't lawfully do anything the Constitution does n't authorize them to do .
The Constitution plainly states : " The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights , shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people . "
Ninth amendment ; and , " The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people , " Tenth Amendment .
Further , this joining in the IMF is obviously an international agreement ; and , any good dictionary will define , " an agreement between nations " as a , " Treaty " .
The Constitution is very specific on how treaties are to be engaged in with this nation - First , the President signs the treaty ; and Second , the Senate ratifies his signature with a two - thirds majority vote .
That did n't happen here .
So if the right was n't given in the Constitution , Congress can't take it and give it to the President .
This act states that Authorization came from the UN instead of from Congress , " provided for É as set forth in the Final Act of the United Nations "
There was no treaty with the UN until December 20 , 1945 , five months later , so the UN could not exercise its treaty with Corp.
US Now , hold on a second here .
There are just plain too many things going on here that can't be .
Too many conflicts .
Even in a corrupt government they 'd never get away with it .
I was watching Star Trek one time when Spock explained a logical solution to an identity problem like this , ' When you examine the solutions and you discover what cannot be , the solution can only be whatever is left . '
That 's the problem here , in Law , it can not be what it seems to be .
The United States of America cannot be a member in the IMF , and the Treasury of the United States of America cannot be turned over to a foreign bank 's control .
The only thing left is they must be talking about Corp.
USA which is only a corporation and I can find nothing that says a corporation cannot quit claim deed itself to another owner .
Now think about it .
And , this time instead of thinking the government did it [ because they could n't have ] , think about the Corporation , OK .
In that case where it says , " The President is hereby authorized to accept membership for the United States " , " United States " as used here can only mean be the trademark name for the corporation known as , " THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT " in other words the corporation formed in 1878 , and not the government .
Want further confirmation ?
OK .
In the " Other provisions : " section it talks about , " the Secretary of Treasury " , which is an officer of the corporation only .
That position does not exist in the national government .
The relatively equivalent position in national government is , " the Treasurer of the United States of America " .
As a matter of fact when you review the whole document , Title 22 ¤ 286 , and the underlying " Bretton Woods Agreement " , you 'll find these elements .
One : Congress of the United States of America passes the Bretton Woods Agreement and statutizes a portion of it as Title 22 ¤ 286 .
Two :
In the agreement , Congress Grants to the IMF the " United States Treasury " as , " The individual drawing account " for the IMF .
Three : " The President , by and with the advice and consent of the Senate , shall appoint a governor of the Fund who shall serve as a governor of the Bank " USC 22 ¤ 286a .
The person the President chose as Governor of the Bank and IMF is the Secretary of the Treasury .
The elements of a Quit Claim Deed are : there must be a Grantor , a Grantee , and assets or rights granted .
In this case we have a Corporation known as , " THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT " , trademark names , United States , US , USA , America , etc .
Its assets are its Treasury ( The United States Treasury ) , and its purpose is to carry out the business needs of the national government of United States of America .
The owner of said Corporation was the United States of America , the nation .
The Treasury of the corporation was Granted by Grantor , the government of the United States of America ( Congress and the President ) to the Grantee , the IMF .
Therefore USC Title 22 ¤ 286 is a Quit Claim Deed of the Corporation known as , " THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT " , from The United States of America and to the IMF which is owned and controlled by the United Nations .
Upon review of these actions , as Spock would say , that is the only solution left when you remove all other options .
No Elections since 1944
Up to the point of the quit claim deed , there was allegedly no conflict in interests between Corp.
USA and its owner the national government of the United States of America , but after the quit claim deed , with the new owner being foreign and having foreign interests , there is a gigantic conflict in interests .
Enter the problem nobody seemed to notice .
The Elections of the President of the United States of America and its Congress etc. had for many years been completely managed by the Secretary of State 's office .
The Secretary of State is purely a Corp. USA position , therefore when the Secretary of State held the election of those officers in 1944 ( after the quit claim deed ) that election could only have been for the Corp.
USA offices due to the conflict in interests created by the corporations new ownership , and those corporate offices , even though they have the same names as the government offices , could no longer sit in a dual role office .
Separate elections must be held , but they were n't .
They still are n't .
Therefore there was no election of officers of the government of the United States of America .
And all of America was none the wiser .
The government was still there and the Constitution was still alive and well and living in Washington D. C. but once again ** there was nobody sitting in the seats of the officers of government .
Just like it was when the founding fathers signed the Constitution but the States had not ratified it , the government existed but nobody 's home .
There has n't been an Election since , and there wo n't be one until America once again wakes up .
This is fantastic , I know , but look at the facts !
This is the only solution that makes sense .
Not only that but there are piles of evidence that prove these facts and conclusions are accurate .
The States join Corp. USA
This started around 1962 and condoned through 1968 .
The corporation went to the States and pointed out to them that their own Constitutions forbid them from participating in foreign currencies and / or loans , bonds , etc. , and yet they were dealing in the foreign note system of Federal Reserve Notes .
If the people were aware of this you can imagine them painting a picture similar to that of the Magna Carta signing where the people held a sword to the Kings head and said sign or we 'll get a new king .
The king signed , and so did the States .
One by one , they signed their Corporations over as sub-corps . to Corp. USA .
Colorado rewrote Colorado's Constitution , Revised the Colorado Revised Statutes ( CRS ) , and enacted CRS Title 24 as the " Administrative Organization Act of 1968 " restructuring its laws in 1968 .
Said Title 24 is the new corporate charter for , " THE STATE OF COLORADO " which is a United States corporation ( Corp. USA possession ) .
By 1968 all of the individual States had done the same thing .
The California Republic , became " THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA " .
The Texas Republic became " THE STATE OF TEXAS " .
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , became " THE STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA " .
Each and every state changed the name of their state to " THE STATE OF _______ " , by 1968 .
Discovery
By 1994 , the people of Colorado discovered historical evidences that proved these facts and showed them how to elect an original jurisdiction Governor .
Even though the corporation known as The State of Colorado elected their corporate Governor , the electors elected a different Governor for their original jurisdiction State 's government .
Those two Governor 's served full four year terms at the same time , one for the private corporation known as The State of Colorado , the other for the original jurisdiction state Republic known simply as Colorado .
That was the beginning .
Since that time , 24 States have seated original jurisdiction Governors , and those Governor 's have seated original jurisdiction national Senators .
Where Do We Go From Here ?
We plan to re-seat the entire original jurisdiction national government and each of the State 's original jurisdiction governments .
This effort takes an immense amount of work .
Where Are You , Do You Know ?
Time to take a look at that ship again .
Like a ship at sea , in order to plot a course , you need to know : who you are , where you are , where you 're going , and which way the wind is blowing .
Who Are You ?
Answer : According to national foundational law ( King James version of the Bible ) , God created man( kind ) in his own image and gave man agency ( free will ) , to act in accord with his own conscience .
At the end of the revolutionary war , King George of England and the Pope recognized that the people of this nation were individually sovereign in accord with that God given inherent right to the agency of man .
Nothing has changed that nature of mankind to this day .
That 's who you are , a sovereign child of God , with the offering of an eternal covenant that if you will multiply replenish and subdue the earth for the purpose of building up God 's Kingdom on this earth and remain not of this world , He will grant you your inheritance .
Where Are You ?
Answer :
You 're living in a nation where the chosen form of government is a Constitutional Republic , and where , historically , no elections of government officials have been held at least since 1944 , and where a private corporation , known as the United States , owned by a foreign power ( the International Monetary Fund ) , is responsible for providing the business needs of the government , which government again is alive and well and living in Washington , D.C. - there just are few officers of government sitting in the seats the Constitution provides , and where the corporation that most people seem to think is government is busy terrorizing the populace and paying for their acts with tax dollars , making all that participate in that program a party to their terrorism .
Where Are You Going ?
Answer :
That is entirely up to you .
We are supporting the current constitutional Republic government re-seating efforts and are helping the people to secure their assets and possessions by providing competent self controlled asset protection systems in the manner of Kings .
The question remains ,
" What are you going to do ? " Which Way Is The Wind Blowing ?
Answer :
The foreign owned private corporation known as the United States is usurping control over the people by contract , breaking up families ironically through the use of taxation , the D.A.R.E. program and " parens patria " , public education , and the media .
With the proceeds of their control they are terrorizing the world .
They inspire fictional police power to force their implied control over the people and to separate the people from their freedom , privacy and property .
So the wind blows in our nation today .
Example ,
In 1993 , over 53,000 families were removed from their farms , homes , and land under the guise of the Endangered Species Act , and / or under the Wetlands Act .
In eviction cases in Colorado , the Sheriffs Offices never use warrants to gain access to the land , they use a " Color of Law " " Writ of Restitution " instead and then say they are breaking and entering in good faith on the specious authority of the court ordered writ .
On April 19th we find the anniversary of the Ruby Ridge , Idaho massacre , the Seventh - Day Adventist , Branch Davidian , Waco , Texas massacre , the first World Trade Center bombing ( a massacre of 1000 people ) and the Mura Building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma massacre .
Most recently there were the Airplane crashes into the WTC and the alleged Airplane crash ( with no evidence of any aircraft at all ) into the Pentagon ( all of which airplanes had " Hijack proof " ground based ability to turn off all cockpit control systems in favor of ground control systems that could safely land any of the suspected hijacked planes )
( Also , what happened to the alleged automated defense system that protects the air space over Washington , D.C. ? )
Are these last examples more examples of Corp US terrorism on our own people .
Was it all simply a support building tactic for authorizing more global terrorism ?
We may never know the truth , but , we can tell which way the wind is blowing .
Time to Plot Your Course First : Recognize the problem before it 's too late ..
Second : Notice what you can do about it .
They must create the appearance of proper government procedure in order to make their wars work successfully and they must have people support .
Learn the truth , as best we can .
Third : Study viable solutions to the problem .
Fourth : Secure your Land by Land Patent .
Use your new found knowledge and ability to join us in re-seating the nation 's government .
Study how you can protect and continue to develop your assets and stewardship over them .
Secure a competent self controlled asset protection system that really works and secures your private stewardship and control over it in any situation .
Remember , one way or another we 've got to wake up America and reunite the " more perfect Union " .
Independence Day - God Help Us To Wake Up !
By now , you should know who and where you are .
Like the founding fathers , we need to take a stand to regain Independence .
Unlike our founding fathers overt enemies , honorably willing to admit who they were , fighting out in the open - ours are n't .
We have exposed the private foreign corporate nature of the United States Government .
We have rediscovered our national history .
We are working to awaken the people in their sovereignty and helping them to secure their Land by Patent .
We have started holding elections again and will soon re-seat our original jurisdiction constitutional government .
We will get our nation back , like our founding fathers set it under the Constitution , with all rights secure .
Learn how to truly secure your stewardship and your assets , then do it .
It is up to us to awaken ourselves and then to awaken our neighbors .
If you are of like mind you can help .
Taking action .
It always comes down to one thing , taking action .
All of the sources and study in the world will not get the job done ; only one thing does that .
We must take action .
When the necessary action is study and education , we must find a source that fulfills the need .
To learn more ( if you have not already read them ) , follow these links in order : Asset Protection 101 , Judgment Day , The Way of Kings™ Way .
When you understand the necessity of living a life consecrated to building up the Kingdom of the King of Kings in peace and prosperity and you desire a competent asset protection system with the incredible live ongoing training that comes with every Way of Kings™ Asset Protection System ( Team Law support ) , click this link : Purchase a System .
By Ben Cohen
I do not agree with Barack Obama 's position on Israel .
I do not believe he does either ( I think he is far more reasoned than he lets on ) , but his public position is very clear :
That the United States is a staunch ally of Israel , and its security is paramount .
In a remarkable interview with Sheppard Smith on Fox News , Joe ' The Plumber ' was called out for his silly comments that ' A vote for Obama would mean the death of Israel ' .
Smith grilled Joe repeatedly about what he meant , and went to great lengths to clarify Joe 's completely unfounded allegation .
Smith may be to the Right politically , but he is a decent human being and clearly takes his job somewhat seriously :
The MPA( A ) has announced that it is demanding $ 15.4 million from the Pirate Bay in the upcoming court case , to cover the damages they suffered from 4 movies and 13 TV - episodes that were made available via the popular BitTorrent tracker .
The movie titles they are claiming damages for are Harry Potter , Syriana , The Pink Panther and Walk the Line and the 13 episodes of the popular TV - show Prison Break .
MPAA demands 222,50 kronor ( $ 37 ) for each download .
For Harry Potter , 261,50 kronor ( $ 43 ) and for the first season of Prison Break 416 kronor ( $ 68 ) .
‘ The Pink Panther ’ is the most popular title among Pirate Bay users ; the least popular , by a mile , is ‘ Syriana ’ .
The movies have been downloaded 49,593 and 3,679 times respectively , according to MAQS , the law firm which represents MPAA . ”
Pirate Bay ’s Peter Sunde ( Brokep ) is not impressed by Hollywood ’s claims , he told Torrent Freak in a response : “ They know they are losing , and try to make us look like big criminals by adding some zeros to a claim for a made - up crime . ”
“ The worst thing is that I lost 100 kronor on a bet on the number they would come up with , ” Sunde added .
“ And , it sucks that they did n’t claim more than for Napster and the other sites .
It ’s cooler to break the record . ”
When Monique Wadsted , MPAA ’s lawyer and a talkshow host , was asked whether the MPAA really thinks every download is a lost sale , she said : “ We do n’t know that , but the copyright law does n’t care about that .
It says that if you have downloaded something illegally , you must pay regardless , if you would ’ve bought it or not . ”
Wadsted expects the worst now she has announced the claims , even being hacked by Pirate Bay fanboys : “ I know that they have an increased interest in my person and that they try to ridicule me .
I also count on having my computer hacked .
As a business lawyer , I ’m not used to these kinds of reactions . ”
MPAA is not the only organization claiming damages .
A month ago , IFPI claimed $ 2.5 milion in damages and earlier today AntipiratbyrÃ¥n asked for ( 1.1 million .
This January , prosecutor HÃ¥kan Roswall asked the court for a $ 188,000 fine for four individuals – Fredrik Neij ( “ TiAMO ” ) , Gottfrid Svartholm ( “ Anakata ” ) , Peter Sunde and Carl LundstrÃ¶m .
There is no date set for the court case yet , but it will probably take a few more months before the trial starts .
To be continued .
• You are neither right nor wrong because the crowd disagrees with you .
You are right because your data and reasoning are right .
• We do not view the company itself as the ultimate owner of our business assets but instead view the company as a conduit through which our shareholders own assets .
• When Berkshire buys common stock , we approach the transaction as if we were buying into a private business .
• Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing .
• Never invest in a business you cannot understand .
• Unless you can watch your stock holding decline by 50 % without becoming panic - stricken , you should not be in the stock market .
• The critical investment factor is determining the intrinsic value of a business and paying a fair or bargain price .
• Risk can be greatly reduced by concentrating on only a few holdings .
• Stop trying to predict the direction of the stock market , the economy , interest rates , or elections .
• Buy companies with strong histories of profitability and with a dominant business franchise .
• Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy only when others are fearful .
Read
• It is optimism that is the enemy of the rational buyer .
• As far as you are concerned , the stock market does not exist .
Ignore it .
• The ability to say “ no ” is a tremendous advantage for an investor .
• Much success can be attributed to inactivity .
Most investors cannot resist the temptation to constantly buy and sell .
• Lethargy , bordering on sloth should remain the cornerstone of an investment style .
• An investor needs to do very few things right as long as he or she avoids big mistakes .
• “ Turn - arounds ” seldom turn .
• Is management rational ?
• Is management candid with the shareholders ?
• Does management resist the institutional imperative ?
• Do not take yearly results too seriously .
Instead , focus on four or five - year averages .
• Calculate “ owner earnings ” to get a true reflection of value .
• Look for companies with high profit margins .
• Growth and value investing are joined at the hip .
• The advice “ you never go broke taking a profit ” is foolish .
• It is more important to say “ no ” to an opportunity , than to say “ yes ” .
• Always invest for the long term .
• Does the business have favorable long term prospects ?
• It is not necessary to do extraordinary things to get extraordinary results .
• Remember that the stock market is manic - depressive .
• Buy a business , do n’t rent stocks .
• Does the business have a consistent operating history ?
• An investor should ordinarily hold a small piece of an outstanding business with the same tenacity that an owner would exhibit if he owned all of that business .
( h/t ArchPundit )
There 's a special level in hell reserved for Sean Hannity for giving Andy Martin an international platform .
Who is Andy Martin , you ask ?
In a 1983 personal bankruptcy case , he referred to a federal bankruptcy judge as a “ crooked , slimy Jew , who has a history of lying and thieving common to members of his race . ”
In a related court filing in the case , he also expressed sympathy to the perpetrators of the Holocaust .
In his past , Martin also has expressed anti-Semitic views .
When he ran for Congress in Connecticut in 1986 , the name of his congressional campaign committee included the phrase “ to exterminate Jew power in America , ” Federal Election Commission records show .
He also proudly takes ownership for originating the " Obama is a Muslim " email .
Jane has more :
Jerome Corsi also uses Andy Martin as a reference multiple times in his new anti-Obama book .
The same Andy Martin who once called a judge a " crooked , slimy Jew . "
I asked Corsi about it on a bloggingheads we recorded recently ( is n't up yet ) , and Corsi said that just because he uses someone as a source it does n't mean he approves of everything he says .
I guess it 's okay if he only hates Jews on the side .
Or something .
Ari also unearths this Martin quote :
I am able to understand how the Holocaust took place , and with every passing day feel less and less sorry that it did , when Jew survivors are operating as a wolf pack to steal my property .
Andy Martin has filed so many frivolous lawsuits he's no longer allowed to file them , yet right wing outlets have consistently been granting him credibility and using him as a source to tear down Obama .
Why is n't the perpetually vigilant Jennifer Rubin shrieking " anti-Semite " and seeking to discredit him at every turn ?
Gordon Campbell 's 10 - point economic plan will have no impact on B.C. 's most serious problem -- persistent and extreme poverty in this province .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Despite years of economic growth , B.C. has the highest poverty rates in the country ( by any measure used ) .
Thirteen per cent of the population is living in poverty , and for five years running , B.C. has had the dubious distinction of having the highest child poverty rates ( 16 per cent ) in the nation .
The problem of poverty risks getting worse with a recession unless focused action is taken
Poverty rates for certain groups are stunning : female - headed , single - parent families , 40 per cent ; aboriginal population , 36 per cent ; people with disabilities , 30 per cent ; and immigrant families with children , 46 per cent .
In addition , as a recent SFU study found , the province has about 11,750 people with mental illness or severe addictions who are absolutely homeless .
The depth of poverty is extreme : the average poor person in B.C. has a yearly income that is $ 7,700 below the poverty line .
Why fighting poverty pays off
Taking action on poverty is a collective responsibility and should be a government priority -- just because it is a moral imperative .
But recognizing that morality is not usually what makes governments act , the following argument for change will be couched in political and economic terms .
First , poverty reduction is a smart political move .
People , in general , deplore poverty and support government poverty reduction plans .
The U.K. , for example , has moved 600,000 children out of poverty and is well on its way to cutting child poverty in half by 2009 .
Closer to home , both Newfoundland and Quebec have comprehensive anti-poverty strategies .
Newfoundland , which previously had poverty rates similar to that in B.C. , introduced a bold action plan to reduce poverty .
It now has the highest social assistance benefit rates in the country and is the first province to index welfare rates to inflation .
Both Ontario and Nova Scotia are in the process of developing poverty reduction plans .
Evidence shows that strong political leadership on poverty reduction produces significant reductions in poverty levels .
B.C. does not have a poverty reduction plan and none appears to be on the horizon .
Premier Gordon Campbell 's 10 - point plan to " improve economic competitiveness and reduce costs for families and business " will not address even one aspect of B.C. 's most serious problem .
Reducing taxes may be a populist political move , but the tax reductions probably wo n't even be noticed the next time we all do our income tax .
The tax cuts also give greater benefits to those in higher income brackets .
Those making $ 40,000 a year will get $ 56 , but those making $ 70,000 and more will get $ 140 .
Surplus could erase poverty
The $ 144 million going to individual tax reduction would go a long way if it were instead directed towards low - income families and people who now live on $ 610 a month ( the rate for a single person on social assistance ) .
Bringing all of B.C. 's poor up to the poverty line would cost about what B.C. had as a surplus in its last budget .
Even using some of the surplus each year toward poverty reduction would be better than doing nothing .
Neither tax reductions nor more spending for roads and bridges , such as Campbell has announced , will have as much of an economic stimulus in B.C. as would using an equivalent amount of money toward poverty reduction .
Poor people spend everything on food , housing , and other necessities , most of which is locally based .
The impact on their spending would be immediate within a community .
This is less the case for people with more money , who are more likely than the poor to buy imported items , spend outside the country , or simply save .
Similarly , large infrastructure programs are often undertaken by companies from outside the province with at least a proportion of the labour force and materials imported from elsewhere .
Now 's the time for a poverty plan
B.C. is still a wealthy province and a looming recession is precisely the time when poverty reduction needs to be a priority .
This would include measures to raise the minimum wage and focus building efforts on low - income housing and public transit .
But above all , the government needs to introduce a bold poverty and homelessness reduction plan with clear and legislated targets and timelines .
Premier Campbell 's 10 - point plan is vague about some issues .
We do not know what he means by acting " immediately to rein in avoidable government spending . "
If this means what it has meant in the past , it would be the poor who would take the brunt of the cost of the government tax reductions .
This should not happen again through reductions in social services .
Rather , the poor should be the object of government attention and support .
Related
Tyee stories :
Enlarge By Andrew Cooper , Icon Distribution
A scene from the film ' Apocalypto , ' based on the decline of the Mayan civilization .
Apocalypto fans might be forgiven for thinking the fabled collapse of the ancient Maya , the retreat of a civilization from pyramids and ceremonial centers across Central America from 800 to 1000 A.D. , involved all sorts of cataclysmic events , war , famine and devastation .
Jared Diamond 's Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed detailed how environmental disasters might be to blame , a popular scholarly explanation for the Maya collapse .
" These models suggest that as ecosystems were destroyed by mismanagement or were transformed by global climatic shifts , the depletion of agricultural and wild foods eventually contributed to the failure of the Maya sociopolitical system , " writes environmental archaeologist Kitty Emery of the Florida Museum of Natural History in the current Human Ecology journal .
But in that case , she asks in her study , what do the archaeological remains of what the Maya ate tell us about the collapse ?
To find out , Emery looked to the precious archaeological resources offering the keys to the past .
" We looked mostly at garbage pits , " Emery says , 460 of them , left over from former centers of the Petexbatun region of Guatemala , " right in the heart of the central lowlands " where the Maya lived .
Petexbatun ( Peh - tesh - BAH - toon ) is best known for the abandoned pyramid centers of Dos Pilas and Cancuen investigated by a group led by Vanderbilt University 's Arthur Demarest for more than a decade .
Sorting through trash heaps in the region , Emery and colleagues have collected the bones , shells and scraps thrown away by the Maya who once lived near these sites .
Emery looked at game animal remains from white - tail deer , red brocket deer and peccaries ( small pig- like critters native to Central America ) to see if the hunting went south on the Maya before the collapse .
Did the Maya switch to less tasty animals as the collapse neared and the larder went bare ?
Not so much , the study reports .
" Resource depression , if it existed in this region during the collapse periods , is reflected by the reduced availability of a single species ( white - tail deer ) and not the cadre of nutritionally significant prey .
It was therefore not a significant factor in the political and social changes ( " the Maya collapse " ) that occurred at the end of occupation in the Petexbatun region . "
In fact , looking back at the animal remains dating back to the earliest era of Maya occupation in the region , about 600 B.C. , the hunting in Petexbatun seems to have been okay for a long time .
Whenever the elite at a site were bent on impressing the neighbors , through marriages , alliances or other means , they went hunting for white - tailed deer , " food that was associated with fertility , leadership and status , " Emery says .
" They were showing off .
It 's an old story . "
The only time that hunting populations of large animals appear to have headed south , based on the garbage pits , is the earliest era , when the region was first colonized by the Maya , Emery says .
" Pretty quickly , things stabilized and stayed that way , in what looks to have been a managed fashion , for a long time , " she says .
Studies of human remains led by Texas A& M 's Lori Wright have also shown scant evidence of dietary changes during the collapse period in Petexbatun , finding no evidence of the anemia of increased child mortality at two sites .
However , other studies at the site of Copan have found increases in anemia around the time the site was abandoned .
So what happened in the collapse , at least in this part of the Maya world ?
" It was a bellicose place , " Emery acknowledges , with evidence of warfare and walls across some ceremonial sites .
" But the bodies are n't there , " from any massive fighting , she says .
More likely , there was just a political collapse in which rulers came to be seen over a two - century period as no longer delivering the goods , better crops or more rain .
Modern - day Maya still live relatively close to the abandoned sites , after all , descendants of the folks who lived there long ago .
" Folks just melted away " from ceremonial centers , Emery says , just like people today changing rulers come election season .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Moral Hazard .
It sounds like the name of a failed town in a Clint Eastwood western .
We all live there now .
Until recently , " moral hazard " was heard only on the lips of insurance agents and over lunch in conservative think tanks .
Both Fed Chairmen Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke have uttered the phrase " moral hazard " in front of congressional committees to warn against excessive financial risk .
Senators and members nod , look down at their cheat sheets and think , " Mmm , right , moral hazard . "
Now , ...
More than a few of you we 're wondering why the hell this picture of New York pavement was posted to the site .
" Perhaps a commentary on the sterile futileness of modern existence ?
The composition calls to me , " says commenter KSU499 .
" Actually the most interesting and enterrtaining [ sic ] article Wired has done for quite some time , " adds Zarkov .
" No shoddy research and unfounded speculation in this one . "
" I know there 's embedded info in the image using the jphide algorithm .... I know the embedded data = 29 kb , and I know there 's a passkey , but I 've tried brute - forcing it with a huge 600,000 English word file , and no luck , " e-mails DS .
" Do n't y'all see the Virgin Mary right next to the leaf ? " asks BigDaddy .
Actually , he 's more right than he knows .
A full explanation , after the jump .
Turns out there was some kind of makseshift parade to celebrate La Madre , up on Columbus Avenue .
I snapped a couple of pictures with my BlackBerry 's camera – and posted one accidentally , thanks to Typepad 's aggressive BlackBerry app .
Here are a few more scenes from the procession :
Yesterday , 2008 - 10 - 27 : 21:00 GMT , just a minute before the regular TWiki release meeting , the company TWIKI .
NET announced unilaterally that the best for the TWiki.org project would be for them to take over governance .
With it comes a complete lock down of the community site .
From that minute on , all long - time contributors have lost access to their code .
Counter - reaction : the community has left the building , leaving TWIKI .NET without a contributing community .
Question : is it a sensible move for a venture capital firm that depends on a healthy Open Source community to lock it out ?
Access to the site is only granted if contributors agree to a set of newly installed terms and conditions dictated by TWIKI .
NET , a company founded by Peter Thoeny 12 months ago .
His power to do so grows out of two sources : ( a ) he is the sole owner of the trademark on TWiki and ( b ) he is sponsoring the server hardware and thus had root access .
And now he has triggered the trademark gun and fired the TWiki community .
He even repeatedly threatened people on the # twiki IRC channel that " [ he has ] been advised by one of [ his ] investors , Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati , that [ they ] need to protect [ their ] trademark " .
Clearly , their VC people have no picture of the situation other than their own return of investment .
Sure , protecting a registered trademark is what it is all about .
But threatening the community that has been working on TWiki on a volunteer basis for the recent 10 years that way is a bit strong .
Too strong for the TWiki community .
If there was ever any hope to re-establish a relationship of trust and faith to create a win / win situation by combining community & commerce , this is totally gone now .
Thoeny installed himself as BDFL ( Benevolvent Dictator for Life ) again , despite being rejected by a community vote during the TWiki Summit in Berlin last month .
During the TWiki Summit in Berlin 4+5 September 2008 , it became clear that Thoeny has sold part of his trademark rights to his venture capital funded company .
Part of that deal was that while he remains ownership on the trademark itself , TWIKI .NET gained the sole right to exploit the brand on a commercial basis .
This created a completely new situation for the Open Source project and all of its already existing commercial eco-system .
As a consequence , TWIKI .NET was asked to grant a perpetual license to the community to secure the legal situation for contributors and commercial stakeholders , a license that would only have formalized the way TWiki has been running for more than 10 years with Thoeny promising to " take care of the brand " .
As faith in him as a leader diminished over the years , and the foreboding of a trademark problem increased , the community asked Thoeny to write down the rights he has granted orally before .
Which he did n't .
Instead he pulled the trademark trigger in a move he calls " relaunching the project " to " weed out " the good and the bad .
Trust in Thoeny as a leader diminished last but not least when his role as a community leader became more and more mixed up with his interests as a CTO of TWIKI .
NET , up to the point where he obviously showed more interest to cement a genuine marketing advantage for TWIKI .
NET .
The rise of his newly created company continually eroded willingness to contribute to TWiki as an Open Source project .
People were more and more irritated by the changed rules of the game .
The community has been watching the actions of TWIKI .NET with a lot of interest , in the hope that they would add significant value to this very successful project .
Unfortunately , they took an approach of recasting the success of the product , created with years of volunteer work , as their own success .
That 's where Open Source shows its ugliest face .
And there 's definitely no beauty in this shock therapy , even though Tom Barton , CEO of TWIKI .NET says : " the beautiful thing about open source is you do n't need to recognize the authority of TWiki.net " .
What an irony to close another very sad chapter .
The last one for TWiki.org as we knew it before .
The appearance of TWIKI .NET on the scene forced a governance crisis TWiki was not able to overcome , despite the good progress that was made up to a couple of hours before .
On the TWiki Summit in Berlin last month , a democratically elected Interim Board of Directors was founded whose sole agenda was to negotiate the conditions under which this governance crisis could have been overcome .
The plan was to create a TWiki Association consisting of a Board of Directors and a General Assembly following the example of KDE e.V .
The board itself would have created so called Task Teams that manage the operational part of the project to a finer granularity .
The members of the Interim Board of Directors were in the process of creating the Articles of Association and were prepared for the next logical move in an ever growing project , organizing it similarly to other projects in the Open Source business .
This formal body would also have been an entry path for sponsors and other organizations willing to partner with TWiki as a project .
No such thing was available before .
The only way outside parties could have made donations was to give them directly to Thoeny and thereby TWIKI .
NET .
This was the case when Sun donated server hardware to power the TWiki.org community site .
Sun sponsored TWiki as an Open Source project , not TWIKI .NET .
However , there was no entity other than Thoeny and TWIKI .
NET to handle these opportunities and resources .
It now is clear that the access to these server resource has been used against the TWiki community itself by locking it out .
The democratically elected Interim Board of Directors of TWiki has been displaced by the trademark holder of TWiki as a final chord on the governance crisis .
Now ,
Thoeny is sending around emails to high profile contributors individually to invite them to come back subordinate to the governance of TWIKI .
NET .
He obviously seems to be in hope that people will do so once the situation has settled .
Quite far - fetched and not very likely to happen .
Those same contributors who implemented the features he is praising aloud as the shiny new TWiki , are far too displeased by his hostile behavior to be willing to go back to business as usual .
TWIKI .NET is striving to repaint their move as a " new opportunity " .
What they do n't see is that they have put their own business case into severe danger .
They just lost the horse power for a product that they were selling .
They have been signaling to the community that they do n't have the manpower for certain developments and were seeking for help , even willing to pay work for hire .
Another error .
Adding money as an incentive to Open Source is changing the game completely .
Before , people volunteered as part of an act of free speech .
Add money to it and nobody will work for free anymore .
This poisoned the dynamics .
The current situation is that all core developers have left the ship and joined a new undertaking with the working title NextWiki .
This is a fork based on the current code in TWiki that will soon be released under a new name .
The goals of NextWiki are clear .
Basically , the plan is to found an Association as a formal body for the project , including the reorganization of its governance down to all operational questions , as was in progress for the TWiki project .
The result will be a much strengthened new player , much more agile as it just got rid of the reason for TWiki 's ongoing paralysis .
There remains a message for TWiki 's users : no worries , we continue working , faster and more productive than ever before , embedded in a volunteer - friendly environment .
Sure , this fork now introduces a new choice that was not there before .
Well , it was there before and it was introduced by TWIKI .
NET , not those guys that " asked for a fork " .
TWiki users already had the choice between TWIKI .
NET 's product ( a rebranded version of an old TWiki release , packaged as a VMware image ) , or Open Source TWiki , most recent stable version .
This choice more or less remains available with the difference that you will get the real thing from a new site , reworked to be real Open Source , backed up by a large and highly motivated community as a guarantor for continuity and innovation .
Some of the fruit and vegetables we eat can be used to make electricity .
The electrolytes in many fruit and vegetables , together with electrodes made of various metals can be used to make primary cells .
One of the most easily available vegetable , the ubiquitous lemon can be used to make a fruit cell together with copper and zinc electrodes .
The terminal voltage produced by such a cell is about 0.9V .
The amount of current produced by such a cell depends on the surface area of the electrodes in contact with the electrolyte as well as the quality / type of electrolyte .
The AVR microcontroller is a leading low power microcontroller that has been around for almost a decade now .
Recently , new lower power devices have been added to the AVR family , called the PicoPower AVR microcontrollers .
In this instructable , we show how even the regular AVR devices can be set up and programmed to run off a fruit battery .
Thomas DiLorenzo
LRC Blog
October 14 , 2008
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ Private ownership of savings . . . can be socially controlled .
The social abuses connected with savings are encountered mainly in the mechanics of investment and financial management by the large banks , savings institutions , and insurance companies which handle savings .
It is a relatively easy matter for the State to preserve the present de facto rights and interests of small savers while completely nationalizing the financial institutions which now administer their savings . ”
“ It can not be repeated too often that what prevents adequate public regulation is liberal norms of law or constitional guarantees of private rights .
There is no need to expropriate private ownership of . . . savings . . . in order to maintain adequate social control . . . .
The fascist State can easily convert the . . . large corporations into State - controlled enerprises , the present owners and creditors of which will receive income bonds . . . .
There is no real difference between being a yes - man official of a billion dollar bank and being an official of a State bureaucracy . . . ”
From the pro-fascist American author Lawrence Dennis , in his 1936 book , The Coming American Fasicsm , p. 176 , in the chapter entitled “ Why Fascism Instead of Communism ? ” .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Posted on 27 .
Oct , 2008 by admin in economics , government
I created this little pictogram to sum up the economy lately .
I think it works on many levels .
If it does n’t make sense to you , that is OK .
Drudge teased this earlier , and Fox News has announced that conservative radio and television host Glenn Beck is joining the network , leaving behind CNN's Headline News .
Beck will host a show at 5 p.m. on Fox beginning in the spring ( Full release after the jump ) .
It has n't yet been determined when Beck 's last day will be , but I 've heard from a network source that Headline News was already preparing to re-air " Lou Dobbs Tonight " at 9 pm , instead of Beck 's show ( which first airs at 7 pm ) .
When Beck leaves , Dobbs show will be in the 9 pm slot , but no decision on 7 pm .
" Glenn has been a terrific employee and colleague to many of us at CNN , " a network spokesperson said in a statement .
" We wish him well . ”
See Also
Glenn Beck has signed a multi- year agreement to join FOX News , announced Roger Ailes , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FOX News .
Beginning next spring , Beck will host FOX News Channel ’s ( FNC ) 5 PM / ET weekday program as well as a weekend show on the network .
Currently , Beck serves as the host of Glenn Beck , a talk show on CNN ’s Headline News which has grown more than 200 % in viewership in both the 7 pm and 9 pm timeslots since its 2006 debut .
He also hosts a daily radio show The Glenn Beck Program which is syndicated via Premiere Radio Networks to more than 300 stations nationwide as well as XM Satellite Radio , and ranks as the third most listened to radio talk show in America among adults 25 - 54 .
In making the announcement , Ailes said , “ As we embark on a new political landscape , Glenn ’s thought provoking commentary will complement an already stellar line - up of stars at FOX News ”
Prior to his television career , Beck served as a talk radio show host at WFLA - AM in Tampa , FL where he took his program to number one within his first year there .
He began his radio career in Corpus Christi , Texas as the youngest Top 40 morning show disc jockey in America at 18 years of age .
Beck later moved on to become a top 40 disc jockey in major markets around the country , including Houston , Washington , DC , Baltimore , Phoenix and New Haven , CT .
Beck added , “ I am thrilled and profoundly humbled to have the chance to bring my program to FOX News .
Expanding my audience is exciting , but I 'm really looking forward to joining Mr. Ailes and his world - class team . "
A recipient of the 2008 Marconi Award for Network Syndicated Personality of the Year from the National Association of Broadcasters , Beck is also the author of the New York Times bestseller An Inconvenient Book - Real Solutions to the World ’s Biggest Problems ( 2007 ) as well as The Real America - Messages from the Heart and Heartland ( 2005 ) .
comments closed
permalink
DIGG THIS
One of the burning questions regarding the recently passed bailout , and the one that almost no one has bothered to answer , is how the government intends to pay for it .
Governments have three main methods by which they can raise funds : taxation , printing new money , and debt .
As our $ 10 trillion national debt shows , the federal government has always enjoyed raising money by issuing new debt .
Money is gained upfront , while the cost of repaying that debt is pushed onto future generations .
This method is especially favored today , since imposing $ 700 billion worth of taxes would lead to widespread public dissatisfaction .
When the cost of all the recent bailouts plus the cost of all the new lending facilities the Federal Reserve has initiated are added together , we quickly reach a figure in the trillions of dollars .
Even with the debt ceiling being raised to $ 11.3 trillion , the issuance of debt alone cannot begin to cover the cost of all the bailouts in which the government is engaged .
Every indication is that the government will use both debt and inflation in its attempt to keep the economy running at full speed .
Debt financing has begun in earnest , as the national debt has increased $ 600 billion over the past three weeks , and most of that increase came even before the $ 700 billion bailout bill was passed .
I fully expect that trend to continue in the near future and would not be surprised if we see another debt - limit increase slipped into another economic stimulus package that might be passed before the new year .
Now that our foreign creditors are less willing to purchase our debt , what debt we cannot sell to foreigners will be monetized through the Federal Reserve , resulting in increased inflation .
In fact , money supply data for the narrowest measure , the adjusted monetary base , show an unprecedented increase , far higher than when Chairman Alan Greenspan attempted to reflate us out of trouble after the dot - com stock bubble burst .
That intervention on Greenspan ’s part , pumping in liquidity and driving interest rates down , led to the real estate bubble , and Chairman Ben Bernanke unfortunately seems to be following the same script as his predecessor in resorting to credit creation and low interest rates .
Even were this effort to succeed , it would only delay the inevitable .
In order for the economy to return to normal , the Federal Reserve must cease the creation of new credit , overvalued assets must be allowed to fall in price , and malinvested resources must be allowed to liquidate and be put to use in more productive sectors .
Read the rest of the article
See the Ron Paul File
October 14 , 2008
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Constraints With Oracle Total Recall ( Remember A Day ) October 7 , 2008
Posted by Richard Foote in 11g
11g has many new and potentially useful features which I ’m slowly investigating and evaluating .
One feature that has the potential to be particularly useful where I work is “ Oracle Total Recall “ .
It provides the facility to automatically capture all changes to any tables you choose , in a “ secure , tamper proof ” manner .
This enables all changes to be easily tracked and viewed for historical , auditing , security control , etc. purposes .
Thought I might “ introduce ” Total Recall to those of you that may not have seen it in action and to offer an initial word of warning of a little trap one can easily fall into …
One nice aspect with it all is that it ’s very easy to setup and configure .
To begin with , you need to create a storage area called a “ flashback data archive ” where all the historical changes can be stored , e.g. :
SQL > CREATE FLASHBACK ARCHIVE bowie_archive
TABLESPACE total_recall_ts QUOTA 500 m RETENTION 1 YEAR ;
You simply specify the tablespace you wish to use , how much space within the tablespace you wish to allocate for archiving purposes and a retention period to specify how long to keep the archived data .
To create a table with the “ Total Recall ” change tracking capability , simply specify which flashback archive area to use :
SQL > CREATE TABLE bowie_recall ( id number , text varchar2 ( 20 ) , hist_date date ) FLASHBACK ARCHIVE bowie_archive ;
Table created .
All changes to the table are now automatically tracked and archived and can easily be accessed as necessary .
To illustrate , I ’m just going to simply insert a row into the table .
SQL > insert into bowie_recall values ( 1 , ‘ Bowie ’ , sysdate ) ;
1 row created .
SQL > commit ;
Commit complete .
Sometime later , I perform an update on the row :
SQL > update bowie_recall
2 set text = ‘ Ziggy ’ , hist_date = sysdate
3 where id = 1 ;
1 row updated .
SQL > commit ;
Commit complete .
OK , so the current row basically looks like thus :
SQL > select id , text , to_char ( hist_date , ‘ dd - mm-yyyy hh24:mi:ss ’ ) hist_date
from bowie_recall ;
ID TEXT HIST_DATE ----
--------
-------------------
1 Ziggy 06-10-2008 10:09:55
However , if I want to see what the row looked like at a previous point in time , I can use the AS OF TIMESTAMP clause such as this :
SQL > select id , text , to_char ( hist_date , ‘ dd - mm-yyyy hh24:mi:ss ’ ) hist_date
from bowie_recall
as of timestamp to_timestamp ( ‘2008-10-06 10:07:00 ’ ,
‘ yyyy- mm-dd hh24:mi:ss ’ )
where id = 1 ;
ID TEXT HIST_DATE ----
--------
-------------------
1 Bowie 06-10-2008 10:06:15
This is what the row looked like when it was initially inserted .
If I want to look at all the different versions of the row between any specific times of interest , I can write something such as this using the VERSIONS BETWEEN clause :
SQL > select id , text , to_char ( hist_date , ‘ dd - mm-yyyy hh24:mi:ss ’ ) hist_date
from bowie_recall
versions between timestamp
to_timestamp( ‘2008-10-06 10:07:00 ’ , ‘ yyyy- mm-dd hh24:mi:ss ’)
and sysdate
where id = 1 ;
ID TEXT HIST_DATE ----
--------
-------------------
1 Ziggy 06-10-2008 10:09:55 1 Bowie 06-10-2008 10:06:15
It lists all versions of the rows between the two points of time …
Like I said , very easy to setup and very easy to subsequently query .
One of the disadvantages however of enabling the tracking of changes to a table is that it prevents a number of subsequent operations on the table .
For example , you ca n’t simply drop a column :
SQL > alter table bowie_recall drop column status ;
alter table bowie_recall drop column status
*
ERROR at line 1 :
ORA -55610 : Invalid DDL statement on history - tracked table
You also for example can’t modify a column to say add a NOT NULL constraint :
SQL > alter table bowie_recall modify text not null ;
alter table bowie_recall modify text not null
*
ERROR at line 1 :
ORA -55610 : Invalid DDL statement on history - tracked table
Now the trap …
Oracle does however allow you to add any other type of constraint , such as say a Primary Key , without complaint :
SQL > alter table bowie_recall add primary key ( id ) ;
Table altered .
All well and good , except for when you want to now retrieve some of the historical changes from the table :
SQL > select id , text , to_char ( hist_date , ‘ dd - mm-yyyy hh24 : mi:ss ’ ) hist_date from bowie_recall versions between timestamp to_timestamp ( ‘2008-10-06 10:07:00 ’ , ‘ yyyy- mm -dd hh24 : mi:ss ’ ) and sysdate where id = 1 ;
select id , text , to_char ( hist_date , ‘ dd - mm-yyyy hh24 : mi:ss ’ ) hist_date from bowie_recall versions between timestamp to_timestamp ( ‘2008-10-06 10:07:00 ’ , ‘ yyyy- mm -dd hh24 : mi:ss ’ ) and sysdate where id = 1
*
ERROR at line 1 :
ORA -01466 : unable to read data – table definition has changed
Remember , one of the reasons for implementing Total Recall on a table is to implement a “ tamper proof ” data tracking solution and yet the addition of any constraint on a table ( Primary Key , Unique Key , Foreign Key or Check Constraint ) will cause you to be unable to automatically read the historical data , without directly accessing the underlining SYS_FBA_ archive tables .
Be careful with constraint management and the historical tracking of tables …
Total Recall is of course all relatively new and these sorts of early glitches are to be expected .
More on Total Recall later , including possible performance implications when both modifying and querying historical data .
( CNN ) --
At a hearing Tuesday before the Senate Banking Committee , federal officials said a bailout is needed immediately for the health of the U.S. economy .
Sen . Christopher Dodd is chairing Tuesday 's hearing on President Bush 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout plan .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke are urging the passage of a $ 700 billion bailout proposed by President Bush following the failure of financial institutions and frozen credit markets .
The proposal , if adopted , would amount to the most sweeping economic intervention by the government since the Great Depression .
Before the hearing , Sen. Christopher Dodd , a Connecticut Democrat who is the Banking Committee chairman , spoke Tuesday with " American Morning 's " Kiran Chetry about whether the bailout is the right option and what may have contributed to the tumultuous economic environment .
Kiran Chetry :
You know talk about waking a sleeping giant -- we have almost 2,000 blog posts on CNNMoney.com about this bailout alone .
Many people are outraged about it .
They feel the government is spending $ 700 billion or more to reward bad behavior .
What can you do to assure people that this is the right thing ?
Sen. Christopher Dodd :
Well , I 'm not sure it is at this point .
That 's why we 're having this hearing this morning .
We 'll have Secretary Paulson and Ben Bernanke , the chairman of the Federal Reserve , before the banking committee to explain this plan , why it 's necessary and where we go from here .
They basically have asked for a blank check of $ 700 billion for the next several years here to buy a lot of bad instruments out there in these institutions .
See what power Paulson would have if the bailout is approved »
I have a lot of reservations .
We 're trying to put some safeguards in it .
I 'm angry as well .
This did n't have to happen .
It was not a natural disaster .
It was a preventable , avoidable situation .
We are where we are .
Our economy is teetering .
We 've been warned we 're very fragile .
There could be a complete collapse .
It needs to be straightened out or it could get worse .
Pension funds , 401 ( k ) s , jobs could be in worse shape .
Chetry :
You have a revised version yourself .
We 'll get into what you 're talking about .
Do you believe that in general a bailout needs to happen ?
Dodd : Something needs to be done here .
I do n't know if it's at this magnitude or if ... the specifics of this [ bailout plan ] make the most sense .
But clearly something needs to be done .
We can't lurch from one weekend to another with one failed institution after another watching our economy decline , stock market collapse and the price of oil rise .
It 's not just our own country ; this has global implications .
Chetry : Let 's look at some of the things you want added or in some cases taken out .
Under your [ revised version of the bill ] , you feel there should be some foreclosure assistance -- if Wall Street is getting some help , Main Street should be getting help , too , especially for those struggling homeowners .
You want limits on executive compensation .
You do n't want CEOs to get millions of dollars in packages for a failed company .
You talk about an oversight board over the Treasury .
Why are these so important to include , and what if they end up costing more ?
Dodd :
Well , let me tell you why .
First of all , we have almost 10,000 foreclosures occurring every day .
For the last 18 months on a daily basis , I 've had 65 hearings since July of 2007 begging the administration to do something about the foreclosure problem .
They admitted today if you do n't deal with 10,000 foreclosures a day -- that 's the bulk of these bad debts that are out there -- so you need to do something about that to stop the hemorrhaging .
That 's No. 1 .
No .
2 , I wo n't give a check for $ 700 billion , for 41 days , to this secretary or any secretary without safeguards built in -- accountability , transparency , oversight .
That 's just not going to happen .
Watch CNN 's Lou Dobbs discuss whether the bailout would work »
Thirdly , taxpayers deserve to be first in line in all of this .
I 'm not going to write this at the end of the day [ and ] watch a handful of chief executives walk away with multimillion - dollar contracts .
You 'll have people storming this building if we do n't understand that people are fed up with that kind of behavior .
Chetry :
You yourself said this is not a natural disaster , and a lot of people have been asking , " Why did n't Congress see this coming ? "
In fact , this is a quote from Henry Paulson , the treasury secretary , back in July .
This was during the time of the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac bailout .
People thought that was the beginning and the end of this .
He writes : " Remember our economy has got very strong long - term fundamentals , solid fundamentals .
Your policymakers are here ; regulators were being very vigilant . "
How can the argument be made that they were vigilant when we see the bottom fall out of the market ?
Dodd : Back in 2005 , [ then - Rep . ]
Mike Oxley , along with [ Rep. ]
Barney Frank and [ Sen . ]
Paul Sarbanes , tried to do just that .
The administration opposed the bill , and it was defeated on a party - line vote here in the Senate .
I know the history very , very well .
When you had cops on the beat not doing their job , basically an eight - year coffee break by and large .
Where you had legislation on the books and legislation not being enforced .
Where you had regulators sitting back as loans were being made with no documentation , luring people into subprime mortgages , predatory lenders taking advantage of the situation that 's how this all unfolded .
It 's not a mystery .
Chetry : ... I want to ask you is there anything in this bill ... to make sure this does n't happen again .
All the things you listed -- the predator loans , everything that was taking place -- is there any room for regulation or more oversight in this bill ?
Dodd : Probably not in this bill .
We 're trying to act quickly .
I 'm prepared to act quickly , but I 'm not going to act irresponsibly .
If it takes longer , so be it .
We 'll have a new election in 41 days , and a new secretary in a matter of five or six weeks , and we can't begin to guess who that might be .
Turning over a check of this magnitude not only to this secretary , but his successor , I think would be the height of irresponsibility .
All About Economic Issues • Henry M. Paulson • Christopher Dodd
Ballmer : Macs Do n't Get the Full MS Office , Do n't Work in Business
by John Martellaro , 12:55 PM EDT , October 10th , 2008
< script language = " JavaScript " src= " https://bullseye.backbeatmedia.com/bullseye/adserver/253/857/viewJScript?pool=3160&type=3158&pos=5&zone=5000&redirect=ajs&dontcount=1 "></script> < noscript >< a href= " https://adserver1.backbeatmedia.com/servlet/ajrotator/253/857/clickCGI?pos=5&zone=5000 " >< img src= " https://bullseye.backbeatmedia.com/bullseye/adserver/253/857/viewCGI?pool=3160&type=3158&pos=5&zone=5000&redirect=ajs&dontcount=1 " border= " 0 " ></a></noscript>
In a recent interview with PC Magazine , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer unloaded on Apple and the " Get a Mac " ads .
Along the way he asserted that Macs " do n't really get full Microsoft Office " and that Macs do n't work in the business place .
In a chat with Carlos Mendoza , Mr. Ballmer spoke to Microsoft 's new ad campaign and how it addresses Apple's .
Ballmer : " ... you 'll see us be much more vigorous about stating the case for the PC .
The truth of the matter is , this is ironic .
The PC outsells the Mac 33 to 1 — 32 to 1 .
And despite the fact that we do n't sell PCs , we only sell Windows to people who make PCs .
And the attack is actually on the PCs , interestingly enough .
You 'll see us defend the PC .
We 're going to talk about why -- look , PCs are better than Macs .
That is not something that can be debated .
[ TMO emphasis ] 32 out of every 33 times , somebody buys a PC instead of a Mac .
I 'm not saying that there are not some things that people like about Macs , apparently there are .
But have you ever seen a cheap Mac ?
No . "
Mr. Ballmer continued and assessed Macs in general and their use in business .
" You know , they like to act like Macs are lightweight , there are much lighter weight PC notebooks .
Macs -- do they have the best battery power ?
Of course they do n't have the best battery power .
Macs tend to have nice screens , but can you get nicer screens for a PC ?
Of course .
Do Macs work in business ?
No , they do not . "
In another excerpt , Mr. Ballmer addressed MS Office for the Mac , a product his company earns many hundreds of millions of dollars on each year .
First , however , he seemed to suggest that the range of options for something as simple as a mouse is very limited for the Mac .
Ballmer : " I 'm very sensitive to exactly what mouse I have on my laptop .
Can you find a range of choices ?
[ for the Mac ]
Of course you can't find a range of choices .
You know , anyway -- can you find the applications you want on the Mac ?
Well , you do n't really get full Microsoft Office . "
Finally , in another quote , Mr. Ballmer explained why he thinks Apple opened its own retail stores :
" Apple started doing stores because nobody wanted to sell their PCs .
Okay ? "
The interview is quite long , covers a wide range of issues , and reveals Mr. Ballmer 's unique view of the industry and Apple .
It 's illuminating to see Mr. Ballmer 's view of Apple from his CEO position .
Sometimes very high level executives roll up small bits of information as mental , convenient tidbits that makes them feel like they understand a complex situation .
When it comes out verbally , it can sound like ignorance .
Or , Mr. Ballmer does understand the realities , but finds it politically unacceptable to address them in a framework familiar to Apple customers .
That 's yet another kind of American CEO - speak .
Some of the feedback we received from Fennec Alpha 1 ( and we have received a lot , thank you ! ) has been about the download and “ on disk ” size .
Fennec is based on XULRunner , Mozilla ’s runtime platform .
Therefore , when you install Fennec , you ’re installing the XULRunner dependency too .
Fennec is ~ 1MB in footprint size , while XULRunner is ~ 25MB .
Yes , Fennec ’s overall size is a bit big for a mobile browser .
But it is a full blown browser , with all the web support of a desktop browser .
It also supports the same add - on system as desktop Mozilla applications , like Firefox , Thunderbird and Songbird .
There ’s another benefit of having XULRunner installed on the device :
Any other XUL - based application can use the XULRunner runtime , without needing to install anything extra .
Applications like Chatzilla , XULMine , XULExplorer and Prism could be installed and launched using the shared XULRunner .
Keep in mind , Fennec thinks it “ owns ” that XULRunner and will update it when it needs too .
So , if you installed Fennec A1 and want to create your own XUL - based apps on a mobile device , you have an up - to - date runtime to build on .
Here ’s a simple way to get started with XULRunner ( on mobile too ) .
They seized countless individuals with no trials and no hearings .
They tortured dozens to death .
They subjected many more to some of the worst psychological torture techniques devised by Communist totalitarians and the worst physical suffering devised by the Gestapo .
They crossed lines no American president had ever crossed before .
They withdrew the US from the Geneva Conventions - and did so secretly .
They tapped American 's phones without warrants , and forced many of their randomly grabbed prisoners into the black hole of insanity .
They set up secret sites in former Soviet gulags to torture their victims .
They single - handedly devastated America 's reputation for human rights and the rule of law in the minds of the vast majority of people in other Western democracies , let alone the developing world , let alone the millions of Muslims across the Middle East who now suspect that America is not really better than their own thugocracies , that America also tortures when it wants to , that the shining city on a hill is actually a place where men above the law can do anything they want to other human beings in their custody .
No economic mismanagement can compare with this attack on the basic institutions of our democracy and the constitution .
No incompetence in conducting an occupation can be deemed comparable with this level of criminality and indecency .
No reaction to a natural disaster , however hapless and negligent , is as grave as this crime .
No financial crisis eclipses it in gravity .
The president 's oath is to protect the constitution from enemies foreign and domestic .
Instead , the president himself became an enemy to the constitution he swore to uphold .
This is the depth of the predicament the United States is in .
The Islamist threat remains ; but the Constitution is in deep disrepair , the military stretched to breaking point , the national debt doubled , and America 's reputation in terrible shape .
More important , the president and vice - president deeply damaged the reliability and integrity of America 's intelligence services , creating a self - perpetuating loop of phony intelligence procured by torture which then justified more torture which led to worse intelligence .
It will be decades before we learn the full extent of the damage Bush and Cheney have done to the country 's ability to find out what the enemy is really up to , how much risk these sadists and goons have subjected us to , how much damage to this country they may have facilitated by filling intelligence with the garbage always created by torture .
We do know that their policy has led to just one successful prosecution - and that many guilty figures will escape justice because torture has tainted the legal process beyond repair .
My great fear since 2004 is that this could have gotten even worse .
Another attack and the abuse of power could have become much worse .
A Romney or a Giuliani , empowered by religious fanaticism and a worship of state power , could have taken us down a path much darker than even the Cheney - Addington - Yoo cul - de-sac .
Ron Paul emerged as the one Republican prepared to defend the rule of law , the Constitution and habeas corpus in the primaries .
But , in the end , McCain emerged by default , a torture victim himself , and a critic of some aspects of the conduct of the war .
But we saw in 2006 that , when push came to shove , even McCain acquiesced to the legalization of America 's use of the very same torture techniques once used against him .
And in this campaign , we have seen how no Republican candidate can escape the logic of bigotry , fanaticism and xenophobia that now grips and motivates the Republican party base .
We have also learned , much more importantly , that McCain would appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who would acquiesce to and constitutionally entrench the dictatorial presidency that Bush - Cheney believe in as loyally as Roberts , Alito , Thomas and Scalia .
That means we are one vote away from the court ever restraining this unchecked executive .
It does n't matter who that executive is and what party he or she belongs to .
What matters is that the controls upon it - controls critical to the endurance of constitutional balance and individual freedom in America - have been frayed to the breaking point .
There is no greater cause right now than repairing that .
George Bathurst , Managing Director of Honeycomb Solutions said : " This cutting edge system will revolutionise the way we keep our children safe by ensuring that only authorised people can get into the classroom .
Even when you have authorisation staff will know who you are , and when arrived .
This can be monitored centrally , providing an additional layer of security .
We predict that within the next five years this system will become common place across the country . "
Read My Timely Views and Best Practices for a Social World at http://www.thestrategicguy.com
This is not a war where soldiers are taken prisoner ; if a position were to be overrun , virtually every American in it would be killed during the firefight .
The wounded would probably be executed where they lay , or worse .
The Taliban would take astronomic casualties , but they may have calculated that one or two such incidents would cause the American public to demand an end to the small - base strategy in Afghanistan .
With roughly 30,000 troops in the country — there are more police in New York City — the U.S. command would never be able to reinforce those small bases .
They would have to withdraw to larger ones instead , and swathes of territory between these bases would become open to infiltration by the Taliban .
In early July , American military intelligence learned that a force of 300 foreign and local fighters had massed around another remote base , named Bella , but the Americans completed a planned pullout before they could be attacked .
Bella had been occupied by Chosen Company , part of the Second Battalion of the 503rd Infantry , and Chosen had just finished a 15 - month deployment in one of the most rugged and dangerous parts of Afghanistan .
Like the rest of their brigade , they were literally days from going home .
Chosen had acquired a bit of a reputation in the battalion , however .
The previous August they had nearly been overrun at a 22 - man outpost named Ranch House ; at one point the enemy was so close that Chosen asked the A - 10 pilots to strafe their own position .
And several months later , 14 men from Chosen — along with 14 Afghan soldiers — were ambushed along a mountain trail in the same valley .
Within minutes , every single man on the patrol was dead or wounded .
An American unit has n’t suffered a casualty rate of 100 percent in a firefight since Vietnam .
Maulawi Usman helped lead both of those attacks .
The assault on Wanat began just before dawn with a barrage of rocket - propelled grenades and heavy machine - gun fire .
There were 45 American and 25 Afghan soldiers at Wanat — a relatively large force — but they had erected almost no fortifications around themselves .
Instead , they were relying on concertina wire and a ring of armored Humvees to keep them safe .
Judging by the sequence of targets in the first few minutes , the American military believes that the Taliban probably had a detailed plan of the base ; it also believes that both local police and a district governor were complicit in the attack .
First the insurgents hit the mortar pit , which deprived the Americans of their most potent weapon ; then they took out a $ 400,000 long - range surveillance device called an lras ; finally they destroyed a devastating weapon called a tow missile .
The tow is mounted on a Humvee and fitted with multiple tracking systems that would have made it extremely effective in the pre-dawn darkness .
Once those targets had been destroyed , the attackers turned their attention on a small observation post 50 yards outside the wire .
The post was manned by nine American soldiers , and within 30 minutes most of them were dead .
The survivors crouched behind sandbags and fired blindly , unable to even stick their heads up to aim .
They fired until their weapons jammed , and then some kept firing with the weapons of their dead friends .
Branches fell on their heads from trees that were getting shot to pieces .
At one point a soldier emptied his service pistol over the top of the sandbags because he heard someone on the other side .
Three times , teams of men from the main base ran through intense gunfire to resupply the post with ammunition and to drag back the wounded and the dead .
They held the position , but barely : the attackers had breached the wire and were dodging among the sandbags , trying to grab American weapons and equipment .
They were communicating with whistles instead of radios so that the Americans could n’t listen in , and at one point they started throwing rocks .
It is thought that they hoped the Americans would mistake the rocks for hand grenades and jump out of their positions .
" The fire crews got here very quickly but there was n't much they could do as the contents had burned out .
The driver seemed very shaken . "
For Grover " Drown Government In The Bathtub " Norquist , this bailout deal will work out very well .
At a proposed cost of $ 4,780 per taxpayer , it'll further the David Stockman strategy of so indebting us that the next president wo n't have the luxury of even thinking of new social spending ( expanding health care , social security , education , infrastructure , etc. ) ; taxes will even have to be raised just to pay for the bailout .
It 'll debase our currency , driving up commodity prices and interest rates , which will benefit the Investor Class while further impoverishing the pesky Middle Class , rendering them less prone to protest ( because they 're so busy working trying to pay off their debt ) .
It 'll create stagflation for at least the next half decade , which can be blamed on Democrats who currently control Congress and , should Obama be elected , be blamed on him .
But there 's another way : Create an agency to fund the bailout , loan that agency the money from the treasury , and then have that agency tax Wall Street to pay us ( the treasury ) back .
It 's been done before , and has several benefits .
In the United Kingdom , for example , whenever you buy or sell a share of stock ( or a credit swap or a derivative , or any other activity of that sort ) you pay a small tax on the transaction .
We did the same thing here in the US from 1914 to 1966 ( and , before that , we did it to finance the Spanish American War and the Civil War ) .
For us , this Securities Turnover Excise Tax ( STET ) was a revenue source .
For example , if we were to instate a .25 percent STET ( tax ) on every stock , swap , derivitive , or other trade today , it would produce - in its first year - around $ 150 billion in revenue .
Wall Street would be generating the money to fund its own bailout .
( For comparison , as best I can determine , the UK's STET is .25 percent , and Taiwan just dropped theirs from .60 to .30 percent . )
But there are other benefits .
As John Maynard Keynes pointed out in his seminal economics tome , The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money in 1936 , such a securities transaction tax would have the effect of " mitigating the predominance of speculation over enterprise . "
In other words , it would tamp down toxic speculation , while encouraging healthy investment .
The reason is pretty straightforward :
When there 's no cost to trading , there 's no cost to gambling .
The current system is like going to a casino where the house never takes anything ; a gambler 's paradise .
Without costs to the transaction , people of large means are encourage to speculate - to , for example , buy a million shares of a particular stock over a day or two purely with the goal of driving up the stock 's price ( because everybody else sees all the buying activity and thinks they should jump onto the bandwagon ) so three days down the road they can sell all their stock at a profit and get out before it collapses as the result of their sale .
( We ironically call the outcome of this " market volatility . " )
Investment , on the other hand , is what happens when people buy stock because they believe the company has an underlying value .
They 're expecting the value will increase over time because the company has a good product or service and good management .
Investment stabilizes markets , makes stock prices reflect real company values , and helps small investors securely build value over time .
Historically , from the founding of our country until the last century , most people invested rather than speculated .
When rules limiting speculation were cut during the first big Republican deregulation binge during the administrations of Warren Harding , Calvin Coolidge , and Herbert Hoover ( 1921 - 1933 ) , it created a speculative fever that led directly to the housing bubble of the early 20s ( which started in Florida , where property values were going up as much as 70 percent per year , and then spread nationwide , only to burst nationally starting in 1927 as housing values began to collapse ) , then the falling housing market popped the stock market bubble and produced the great stock market crash of 1929 .
That speculation aggregated enormous wealth in a very few hands , crashed the housing and stock markets , and produced the Republican Great Depression of 1930 - 1942 .
Franklin D. Roosevelt , as part of the New Deal , put into place a series of rules to discourage speculation and promote investment , including maintaining - and doubling - the Securities Transaction Excise Tax .
Other countries followed our lead , and the UK , France , Japan , Germany , Italy , Greece , Australia , France , China , Chile , Malaysia , India , Austria , and Belgium have all had or have STETs .
Perhaps the most important benefit of immediately re-instituting a STET in the USA , however , is n't that it would raise enough money to bail out the banks and billionaires ( and after that crisis is covered , could pay for a national health care system ) , or that it would encourage investment and calm down markets .
Those are all strong benefits , and absent the current Republican Administration bailout proposal would stand - alone strongly .
But the Republican Bush Administration is currently suggesting that we borrow $ 700 billion ( or more ) from China and Saudi Arabia and other countries and investors , add that to our national debt , and repay it with interest ( making the actual cost over the next 20 years over $ 1.4 trillion ) .
This is what Republican Herbert Hoover tried in 1931 when he first created the Reconstruction Finance Corporation ( later totally reinvented by FDR ) to bail out the banks in 1931 .
Hoover 's RFC bailed out the bankers , paid off huge salaries in the banking and investment world , bought him a few months ( maybe that 's the real goal of the Bush / McCain Republicans now - just hold things together until after the elections ) , but ultimately led to the failure within two years of virtually all the banks in the United States .
The bailout failed .
Similarly , in 1998 the Japanese banks were facing a serious crisis of liquidity as the result of a bursting housing bubble in that country .
The Japanese government used public funds to re-float a number of large banks that year , and it similarly failed .
In one example out of dozens , in 1998 135 billion
Yen were given from public tax funds to Ashikaga Financial Group , but the company limped along for a few years and in November of 2003 collapsed again , requiring a second infusion of a trillion yen from public coffers .
And , as the BBC reported in a 30 November 2003 article ( " Japan Bank Bail - Out ' A One - Off ' " ) :
" But experts warn that Ashikaga could be just the tip of the iceberg . "
Professor of Finance at Tokyo University Takehisa Hayashi said , " It will come as no surprise if we see another Ashikaga case in the near future . "
And they did .
Japan continues to limp along , as a result of bailing out banks rather than fixing structural problems .
( At least the Japanese had enough savings to use their own money , instead of debt , to bail out their banks . )
So bailouts do n't work , and never have .
And they also have the side effects of damaging a nation 's credit , sucking up its taxpayers resources , and ( when done with debt ) weakening its currency .
So let 's go back to what we know works .
After Hoover 's 1931 bailout of the banks failed , FDR did a cold reboot of the entire system , putting into place strong rules to prevent speculative abuse .
And he doubled the STET tax , both producing revenue that more than funded the Securities and Exchange Commission and further prevented a repeat of the speculative bubble of the 1920s that led directly to the Republican Great Depression .
We 've done it before .
We financed the Spanish American War and partially financed the Civil War , WWI , and WWII with STETs .
We stabilized our stock market with a STET from the mid-30s to 1966 , and other nations are doing it today .
It 's time to do it again , this time using the STET so tax Wall Street can pay for its own bailout .
President - elect Barack Obama plans to crack down on international tax havens , including Jersey , Guernsey and the Isle of Man , within weeks of taking power in January , putting him on a collision course with Gordon Brown .
There is growing international pressure to outlaw the secretive practices of tax havens as a key part of reforms to the world 's battered financial system , as the leaders of the world 's 20 most powerful economies gather for a major conference in Washington next weekend .
Britain has been notably lukewarm , but Obama , whose approval will be key to any reform package over the next 12 months , was one of the signatories of the Stop Tax Haven Abuse Act , legislation put to Congress last year that blacklisted Jersey , Guernsey and 32 other jurisdictions .
Key aides to Obama said he will introduce a similar law as part of a wide - ranging revenue - raising and tax - reform package , within weeks of taking power .
Obama advisors estimate the measure could raise at least $ 50 bn ( £ 32 bn ) per year in lost US tax revenues , and Washington sources say leading accountancy firms have already hired lobbyists in anticipation of a fierce battle to water down the proposals .
Key measures are likely to include : revealing the beneficial owners of secretive trusts ; prohibiting accountants from charging fees on specific tax services ; and identifying ' offshore secrecy jurisdictions ' that ' unreasonably restrict US tax authorities from obtaining needed information ' .
The measures could end years of financial secrecy that have protected the super - rich and international businesses as they move money from one jurisdiction to another .
Joe Guttentag , deputy assistant secretary for international tax in the Clinton administration and a key figure in the Obama campaign , is likely to drive the policy through , along with Professor Reuven Avi-Yonah , who helped frame the act .
' It is expected that something like this will happen , ' Avi-Yonah told The Observer .
' There is a sense that if you can raise revenue by doing this , it will not be controversial . '
The measure comes as the UK faces international condemnation for blocking moves in the United Nations to upgrade its tax committee to intergovernmental status .
Brown has been keen to portray himself as the leader of efforts to reform the global financial system , boosting his credibility at home and distracting attention from the looming recession .
But as the Prime Minister prepares to set out his proposals for next weekend 's conference in a speech at the Guildhall tomorrow night , anti-poverty campaigners will stage a noisy protest , urging him to ' call time on global greed ' .
They fear Brown is too wedded to the light - touch regulation New Labour has championed for the past decade to be in the vanguard of a new economic system .
' Brown seems to have spent the past two weeks resuscitating the International Monetary Fund and refilling its coffers , so that it can lend on the same basis as the past 20 years , ' said Nick Dearden , director of the Jubilee debt campaign .
' He does n't seem to have done any soul - searching about how this crisis began . '
Exclusive to STR
September 29 , 2008
Sarah Palin named her daughter after Bristol Bay .
More than a thousand commercial fishing boats gather in Bristol Bay , Alaska every summer to harvest the richest source of wild salmon on earth .
Thanks to the skillful management of the resource by the Alaska Department of Fish & Game , enough salmon escape upstream every year to allow tens of millions to return the following years .
Bristol Bay fishing is fierce and competitive .
Crashing boats , cursing and skillful maneuvers by the best fishermen ; Bristol Bay on the Fourth of July resembles The Deadliest Catch meets the Tour de France .
We Alaska fishermen are stubborn , competitive yet cooperative when necessary , a strange mixture of self - interest and fair play .
We 'll risk our lives and boats to save other fishermen .
But we 'll motor across someone 's nets if we feel they crossed us .
Sarah Palin , my name is Douglas Herman .
I am the oldest salmon crewman in Kodiak , Alaska , and I never quit a fishing boat even when severely injured and in pain .
What made you jump ship halfway through the season ?
I 'm sure you know that any crewman who quits a fishing boat halfway through the fishing season and leaves a crew shorthanded is a stinking , lowlife loser .
Did n't you run for governor of Alaska against the good - old - boys from both the Republican and Democrats ?
Were n't you elected by Alaskans tired of corruption ?
Did n't you promise Alaskans FOUR years of public service , not more self - interest ?
Clearly Sarah , you 're a quitter , with bigger fish to fry .
When former Alaska governor Frank Murkowski , your predecessor , appointed his daughter to the vacant US Senate seat , most Alaskans felt outraged , understandably , that a political neophyte had been handed a trophy .
Not earned , wholly undeserved , simply more political shenanigans from Republican fat cats .
Your victory for the governorship , Sarah , was due less to your brilliant accomplishments ' since you had none ' then to Murks ' blundering , stupidity and nepotism .
Most Alaskans ' unlike the effete US mainstream media ' hardly care whether your daughter is due a baby out of wedlock .
BFD .
Stuff happens in the cold winters there in Alaska .
NO , what most Americans fear is your sudden shrill stance , a troubling shift of wind from a breath of fresh air .
Suddenly you 've become a scary Stepford wife , spawn of the Neocons .
Whatever rugged individualism you might have possessed is long gone after clever handling by the political corrupt elites in DC .
As most people know , Sarah , we Alaska fishermen work in America 's most dangerous jobs .
Boats sink or capsize all the time .
Crewmen drown or suffer serious injury .
My former boat recently suffered a double stabbing among the crewmen .
But that senseless stabbing was nothing compared to the double stabbings YOU have made in your short but bombastic career in the media limelight .
' John McCain and I are committed to drawing attention to the danger posed by Iran 's nuclear program and we will not waver in our commitment , ' said Palin in a speech to thousands of supporters in Minnesota .
' I will continue to call for sustained action to prevent Iranian President Ahmadinejad from getting these weapons that he wants for a second Holocaust . '
What sort of ' sustained action ? '
Like another preemptive war , Sarah ?
Another war crime that you can justify as God 's will ?
What separates you and the Neocons in both parties from suicide bombers and jihadists ?
What separates you , Sarah , from terrorists ?
You sound less like an Alaskan than an angry Stepford wife with a hunting knife .
And how exactly did you 'or your handlers ' determine that the Iranian president wanted a ' Second holocaust ' ?
No real Alaskan would use a phrase like that .
We Alaskans might say that Iran would bomb the shit out of Israel given half the chance .
Just as we know that Israel would do the same .
But any intelligent Alaskan -- not that you are in that class ' would already know that Israel possesses 200+ nukes to zero for Iran .
And how hypocritical does it sound when you say you want America to build more nuclear power plants but Iran must never be allowed to split the atom ?
And if America really does have all this untapped oil and natural gas 'as you claim -- WHY would we even need to build more nuke plants ?
Think before you speak .
Likewise , that covert threat you made to Russia ' that America would have had to come to the rescue of Georgia with a suitable military response , if that former Soviet satellite had been a NATO member when Georgia attacked South Ossetia .
You really want to start World War III , Sarah ?
Suddenly you resemble less the hockey mom in an SUV than a chainsaw - wielding former cheerleader .
No better than the wacky war criminals who have been reprogramming you in these few short weeks .
Perhaps instead of building a bridge to nowhere , Sarah , you might start building bridges to somewhere .
God knows the ones spanning the Mississippi River need some help desperately .
Maybe instead of threatening foreign countries you might focus on REAL problems here at home .
Like the wrecked economy .
Maybe instead of wasting trillions of taxpayer wealth overseas , you might stick up for US citizens .
Maybe instead of posing as a God- fearing Christian fisherwoman with ' family values , ' you might emulate that fellow fisherman who founded your religion .
You remember him , right ?
What did he say about bailing out the rich at the expense of the poor ?
Easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than a rich man to get into heaven ?
You still want to bail out your wealthy Wall Street pals ?
You still want to saddle US taxpayers with a $ 700 billion bill ?
You still want to call yourself a reformer ?
On any top Alaska fishing boat , you would be called a long list of names , none of them reformer .
Sorry , Sarah .
Your shrill flag waving wo n't pay the bills anymore .
America is busted and your newfound cronies busted her .
Millions expected more from you .
Somehow America thinks we are tougher in Alaska .
The Last Frontier , you know ?
Sadly instead , you resemble one more Neocon whimp , with your nutty , retro warmongering views of the world .
Pennsylvania High Court Says Behavior More Important Than Biology When Determining Paternity By Lori Litchman
The Legal Intelligencer Behavior is more important than science in determining paternity , a divided Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ruled .
Even though a blood test showed that David Fish was not the father of a boy born while he was still married to Ruth Fish , the court said that because he acted as the father for the first three years of the boy 's life , Ruth could not seek support from the man believed to be the biological father of the child .
" The father - son relationship with appellant 's husband is the only such relationship this child has known , " Justice Ronald D. Castille wrote for the majority .
" The alternative — forcing the child into a relationship with appellee , a man whom he does not know — is not in the best interests of the child . "
The court said Ruth Fish was estopped from saying Robert Behers is the father of her child .
The court said the presumption of paternity doctrine was inapplicable in this case because the Fishes have since divorced .
Justices Russell M. Nigro and Sandra Schultz Newman filed separate dissenting opinions .
Justice Thomas Saylor did not participate in the decision because he participated in the case on the Superior Court level .
Nigro struck out against the majority to say he believed courts should abandon a strict adherence to the estoppel doctrine and that courts should be allowed to order paternity blood tests .
The high court 's decision affirmed the Superior Court 's opinion .
BACKGROUND
While the Fishes were married , Ruth gave birth to a baby boy on June 2 , 1989 .
When the child was conceived , Ruth was having an affair with Behers and had stopped having sex with her husband .
When she found out she was pregnant , Ruth told Behers that he was the father and that she was going to have an abortion .
Behers convinced her to have the child .
When Zachary was born , Ruth told her husband , David , that he was the father .
Ruth listed David as the father on her son's birth certificate and for the next three years , David treated the child as if it were his own .
He supported the child financially and emotionally and claimed him as a dependent on tax returns .
Throughout the first three years of Zachary 's life , David said from time to time that he was concerned that he was n't the father of the child , but Ruth continued to tell him that he was .
In June 1992 , Ruth finally told her husband that he was not Zachary 's father .
In August , David moved out of the house and filed for divorce .
He had blood tests done which proved that he was not the child 's father .
When the divorce was settled in December 1993 , the Fishes entered into an agreement that provided David would pay support for the couple 's two older children but not for Zachary .
Ruth then filed child support from Behers .
A hearing officer let the case proceed , and the Allegheny County Family Court upheld that decision .
But on appeal to the Superior Court , a split en banc panel of judges reversed , saying David had been held out to the public as Zachary 's father for three years .
The split court said Ruth could not ignore that behavior to seek support from Behers .
" The dissolution of the marriage in 1992 - 1994 had no bearing on the intact status of the family for purposes of estoppel , and once the mother , with irrefutable knowledge of the child 's paternity , manifests an intent and conducts herself in a manner leading her husband , the child and the world to treat Zachary as a child of the marriage , she is estopped from denying the parentage of the child now that she wishes to end the marriage and believes a better provider of support would be Mr. Behers , " Superior Court Judge Patrick Tamilia wrote in his opinion .
Tamilia said what matters is not so much who the biological father is but who had established a relationship with the child .
Technological advances should n't alter the law , he said .
" Despite attempts in recent times to insinuate otherwise and the advent of modern technology by discovery of almost incontrovertible means of proving paternity through genetic , HLA and DNA testing , the resolution of the issue of paternity is determined by behavior , conduct and intent during a particular period of time , " Tamilia said .
" This determination is unaffected by performance of or demand for blood tests , which are irrelevant to the issue . "
While Tamilia dismissed the importance of blood tests and technological advances in establishing paternity , two other judges , who were on opposing sides in deciding the case , said the traditional approach has become outdated and courts need to pay more attention to the new methods .
Ruth Fish appealed to the Supreme Court .
ESTOPPEL
The high court — under guidelines set forth in Brinkley v. King — first established that the presumption of paternity did not apply to the Fish case because the goal of that doctrine " is the preservation of marriages . "
Since Ruth and David had already divorced , the presumption of paternity was not applicable .
The court then focused on whether Ruth was estopped from saying Behers was Zachary 's father .
The court said she was .
The Supreme Court said because Ruth put David 's name on the birth certificate , gave Zachary David 's last name , listed the child as a dependent on the couple 's income tax returns and treated the boy as both her and David 's child , Ruth was estopped from asserting Behers was the father .
" The child continues to believe that the husband is his father , and the husband , during the child 's first three years of life , formed a father - son relationship with the child , " Castille wrote .
" This evidence amply shows that appellant and her husband accepted the husband as this child 's father and does not indicate that the husband failed , during the marriage , to accept the child as his . "
The court said to force Zachary into a father - son relationship with Behers would not be in the child 's best interest .
In his dissent , Nigro said he would have sided with the trial court that Behers should submit to blood tests to determine paternity .
He said that strictly applying paternity by estoppel " leads to illogical and inequitable results . "
" This situation is a perfect example of why I believe that our courts should abandon the strict application of the estoppel doctrine and grant trial courts the discretion to order paternity blood tests and then consider such evidence along with other factors relevant to the best interests of the child involved . "
" Such an approach ... only prevent [s ] biological fathers from using the estoppel doctrine as a vehicle for insulating themselves from parental responsibilities . "
Newman joined Nigro 's dissent , but wrote separately to say that her view is that the presumption of paternity is rebuttable and does n't prohibit the court from ordering Behers to submit to a paternity blood test .
RECENT DECISION
In April , the high court decided that the presumption of paternity will be the law of the land in Pennsylvania into the new millennium .
The majority in Strauser v. Stahr decided to uphold the presumption in any case where a marriage is intact , even when blood tests prove a man other than the husband is the father .
The decision took a turn away from the last case in which the justices spoke out on the presumption , Brinkley .
In Brinkley , Chief Justice John Flaherty called the presumption of paternity — which holds that a child born into a marriage is a child of that marriage — " one of the great fictions " of the law of paternity .
But in Strauser , the majority — including Flaherty — said the presumption was " irrefutable " if the case involves an intact marriage .
Danielle N. Rodier contributed to this report .
He says his pigs are treated humanely and they are given sedatives before being tattooed .
Collectors can buy them live or purchase their tattooed skins when they die of old age .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a former beauty queen running to be the United States ’ next vice president , challenges the old saying , “ Washington is Hollywood for ugly people . ”
Republican vice presidential nominee Alaska Governor Sarah Palin speaks during the vice presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri October 2 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Don Emmert / Pool
The Republican ’s looks have grabbed arguably even more attention than her conservative political views .
When he met her , Pakistan ’s new president , Asif Ali Zardari , called Palin gorgeous , and readers of the men ’s magazine Maxim voted her one of the planet ’s sexiest politicians .
Good - looking , cute , even “ hot ” -- these are just some adjectives used to describe Republican presidential candidate John McCain ’s running mate , even as some commentators and party insiders question her competence to serve as president - in - waiting and others call the obsession with her appearance sexism .
McCain surprised many by picking Palin , a self - described moose - hunting “ hockey mom ” largely unknown on the national political scene , as his No. 2 in late August , but she proved hugely popular in the first few weeks following her nomination and lifted the Republican campaign out of the doldrums .
“ She indeed brought a fresh face into the Republican campaign and stole a lot of Barack Obama ’s freshness for a critical couple of weeks .
I ’m sure it has not hurt her that that fresh face is a pretty face , ” said pollster John Zogby .
The good looks of Obama , McCain ’s Democratic rival for the presidency , have also garnered some media attention , but it has paled in comparison to the attention given Palin’s .
The skewed coverage has led to charges of sexism from Palin supporters and others who say it belittles her candidacy .
It has also put the spotlight on this question :
How much do looks help win elections ?
“ Obviously Jack Kennedy trumped on the way he looked , ” Zogby said .
“ On the other hand Lyndon Johnson , a gangly Texan , ran against a strikingly handsome Barry Goldwater ( and won ) .
Jack Kennedy , Bill Clinton , the looks certainly worked for them ... but looks alone are not going to carry the day for you . ”
‘ HOTTEST ’ GOVERNOR , COLDEST STATE
Palin ’s appearance has made for some tricky campaigning .
McCain ’s campaign released an attack ad in September accusing the Democrats of sexism after Obama ’s running mate , Sen .
Joe Biden , joked that one key difference between himself and Palin was that she was good - looking .
Days earlier , however , delegates from Palin ’s home state of Alaska turned up at the Republican convention proudly sporting badges announcing that they had the “ hottest ” governor from the coldest state .
Palin referred to the attention her looks garner in an interview with Vogue magazine , before her nomination .
“ I wish they ’d stick with the issues instead of discussing my black go - go boots .
A reporter once asked me about it ... and I assured him I was trying to be as frumpy as I could by wearing my hair on top of my head and these schoolmarm glasses , ” she said .
So , is the attention to her wardrobe and physical appearance legitimate ?
“ I think the discussion of her looks is a measure of the sexism left in our society , that instead of focusing on her opinions there is so much discussion ( of her looks ) .
If you go online and look at the number of hits on her when she was a beauty queen , they are pretty dramatic , ” said Professor Barbara Risman , head of sociology at University of Illinois at Chicago .
SEX CARD
A search by Reuters found that a 44 - second video of Sarah Palin in a swimsuit in the 1984 Miss Alaska pageant had been viewed more than 700,000 times on the YouTube website since being posted on September 26 .
San Francisco Chronicle editorial writer Caille Millner , who has accused the McCain campaign of tokenism in its nomination of Palin , contends that the talk of Palin ’s appearance is appropriate .
“ It is perfectly fair to bring this up -- did McCain bring her on the ticket because she is good - looking and has sex appeal and this is something his campaign lacked ? ” she said .
In any case , the comments on Palin ’s appearance are nothing new .
“ Since women started running in large numbers statewide or for the Senate , which was in 1992 , studies show that all print media spent much more time talking about what a woman looked like and what she wore than they did about their male counterparts , ” said Professor Karen O’Connor , director of the Women and Politics Institute at American University in Washington .
O’Connor and some other commentators believe Palin is acutely aware of her attractiveness and plays up to it .
“ There is the ‘ babe factor . ’
It ’s almost as if she is cultivating that , ” O’Connor said .
But University of Illinois at Chicago ’s Risman says that could backfire if true .
“ In professional settings women who exaggerate femininity are not taken as seriously because ultra-femininity and power and prestige are seen as opposites in our culture . ”
The incident below can serve as an important warning to corporations that mistakenly think Flickr photographers wo n’t jump your shit if you infringe upon their copyright .
Also , they should keep in mind , the cc license is virtually worthless in protecting you , if you mistakenly believe those photos can be used for free , because it can be revoked at any time ( Dan Heller explains here ) .
One of the photographers who ’s work was stolen , Richard Sharman , sent me the following :
A website run by brewing giant Heineken was leeching hundreds , if not thousands of copyright photos through the flickr API and posting them to promote the Oxegen music festival in Ireland .
The website at , www.heinekenmusic.ie was pulled after Heineken Music Ireland started receiving demands for payment from photographers for the unauthorized commercial use of copyright material .
There is active discussion about this at several flickr groups including ( here ) that was set up specifically to discuss the matter .
There are a number of screenshots there of the website and the use of copyright images .
There was a comment on their blog which appears to come from within the company about the problem with the heinekenmusic .ie website : Normally our player should ’ve only display photos with commercial CC license , he ’re gone something terribly wrong and we ’ve currently disabled the flickr photos module on the player .
We ’re currently looking into the thread on Flickr and see what we can do for the photographers …
I ’m sorry if we ’ve offended photographers …
Finally , it appears that Heineken is sending settlement emails to the photographers who contacted them with the following offer : “ Accordingly , we would be willing to pay in full and final settlement an amount of € 15 per image allegedly used ” which might get a few to go away but no those who make a living shooting pictures .
You have been warned .
About This Post
This entry was posted on October 26 , 2008 at 1:25 am and is filed under Stop Vampire Cops ! , Uncategorized .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
Navigate
A new University of Colorado at Boulder study indicates that not only do human hands harbor far higher numbers of bacteria species than previously believed , women have a significantly greater diversity of microbes on their palms than men .
The results have implications for better understanding human bacteria and should help establish a " healthy baseline " to detect microbial community differences on individuals that are associated with a wide variety of human diseases , said CU - Boulder Assistant Professor Noah Fierer , lead study author .
A paper on the subject by the CU - Boulder researchers was published online Nov. 3 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Using powerful gene sequencing techniques , the team found a typical hand in the new study had roughly 150 different species of bacteria living on it , said Fierer of CU - Boulder 's ecology and evolutionary biology department .
While the researchers detected and identified more than 4,700 different bacteria species across 102 human hands in the study , only five species were shared among all 51 participants .
" The sheer number of bacteria species detected on the hands of the study participants was a big surprise , and so was the greater diversity of bacteria we found on the hands of women , " said Fierer .
The study also showed that the diversity of bacteria on individual hands was not significantly affected by regular hand washing , he said .
The 332,000 gene sequences obtained by the CU team were nearly 100 times greater than those obtained from other studies of skin bacteria also obtained by sampling the entire DNA of microbe communities , known as " metagenomics . "
The new CU - Boulder study also confirms that standard skin culturing of human skin bacteria , a technique used by many labs , dramatically underestimates the full extent of microbial diversity , Fierer said .
Co-authors on the PNAS study included Micah Hamady of CU - Boulder 's computer science department , Christian Lauber of CU - Boulder 's Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences and CU - Boulder chemistry and biochemistry Assistant Professor Rob Knight .
The study was funded primarily by the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation .
Fierer speculated that skin pH may play a role in the higher bacterial diversity on women 's hands , since men generally have more acidic skin , and other research has shown microbes are less diverse in more acidic environments .
The findings also could be due to differences in sweat and oil gland production between men and women , the frequency of moisturizer or cosmetics applications , skin thickness or hormone production , he said .
The right and left palms of the same individual shared an average of only 17 percent of the same bacteria types , said Knight .
Study volunteers , all CU undergraduates , shared an average of only 13 percent of bacteria species with each other , he said .
Although the composition of bacterial communities on dominant and non-dominant hands of subjects was significantly different , diversity levels were similar , Fierer said .
The differences found between dominant and non-dominant hands were likely due to environmental conditions like oil production , salinity , moisture or variable environmental surfaces touched by either hand of an individual , he said .
While some groups of bacteria were less abundant following hand washing , others were more abundant , said Knight , who stressed that regular hand washing with anti-bacterial soap is beneficial .
" The vast majority of bacteria are non-pathogenic , and some bacteria even protect against the spread of pathogens , " Knight said .
" From a public health standpoint , regular hand washing has a very positive effect . "
" Although hand washing altered community composition , overall levels of bacterial diversity were unrelated to the time since the last hand washing , " wrote the researchers in PNAS .
" Either the bacterial colonies rapidly re-establish after hand washing , or washing ( as practiced by the students included in this study ) does not remove the majority of bacteria taxa found on the skin surface . "
The CU - Boulder team used the metagenomic survey to simultaneously analyze all of the bacteria on a given palm surface , said Knight .
In simple terms , the effort involved isolating and amplifying tiny bits of microbial DNA , then building complementary DNA strands with a high - powered sequencing machine that allowed the team to identify different families , genera and species of bacteria from the sample .
Knight recently received a $ 1.1 million NIH grant to develop new computational tools to better understand the composition and dynamics of microbial communities .
He has been developing novel methods to tag DNA samples with error - correcting " barcodes " to obtain more accurate sequencing data .
The richness of bacteria types on the palm was three times higher than that found on the forearm and elbow , according to the researchers .
The total diversity of hand bacteria appears to match or exceed levels of bacteria colonizing other parts of the body , including the esophagus , the mouth and lower intestine , Fierer said .
" I view humans as ' continents ' of microscopic ecological zones with the kind of diversity comparable to deep oceans or tropical jungles , " Fierer said .
" Today we have the ability to answer large - scale questions about these complex microbial communities and their implications for human health that we were n't even asking six months or a year ago . "
Source : University of Colorado at Boulder
Explore further
When it comes to Labor Day menu choices , safety is tasty
The Murdochs were accused of sharing Race07 from Atari Games firms are accusing innocent people of file - sharing as they crack down on pirates , a Which ?
Computing investigation has claimed .
The magazine was contacted by Gill and Ken Murdoch , from Scotland , who had been accused of sharing the game Race07 by makers Atari .
The couple told Which they had never played a computer game in their lives .
The case was dropped , but Which estimates that hundreds of others are in a similar situation .
IP address
The illegal sharing of music , movies and games has become a huge headache for copyright owners .
Some six million people are thought to illegally share files each year , and increasingly firms are getting tough on the pirates .
They are monitoring peer - to - peer sharing networks , such as Gnutella , BitTorrent , and eDonkey , that allow games , music and video to be shared .
Atari has appointed law firm Davenport Lyons to prosecute illegal file - sharers .
It has been acting on behalf of several games firms and partner David Gore thinks there are likely to be many more .
The lawyers in the Atari case turned to anti-piracy firm Logistep , which finds those people illegally sharing files via their IP address - the unique numbers which identify a particular computer .
With this number , rights owners can apply for a court order which obliges internet service providers to hand over the account holder 's details .
Senior citizens
In the case of the Murdochs , a letter was sent giving them the chance to pay £ 500 compensation or face a court case .
Gill Murdoch and her husband , aged 54 and 66 respectively , told Which : " We do not have , and have never had , any computer game or sharing software .
We did not even know what ' peer to peer ' was until we received the letter . "
Some sites are undermining efforts to catch pirates
The case has now been dropped by Atari , although the firm is yet to comment on the reasons why .
According to Michael Coyle , an intellectual property solicitor with law firm Lawdit , more and more people are being wrongly identified as file - sharers .
He is pursuing 70 cases of people who claim to be wrongly accused of piracy and has spoken to " hundreds " of others , he told the BBC .
" Some of them are senior citizens who do n't know what a game is , let alone the software that allows them to be shared , " he said .
Most commonly problems arise when a pirate steals someone else 's network connection by " piggybacking " on their unsecured wireless network , he said .
While prosecutors argue that users are legally required to secure their network , Mr Coyle dismisses this .
" There is no section of the Copyright Act which makes you secure your network although it is commonsense to do so , " he said .
Mr and Mrs Murdoch do not have a wireless network so their address cannot have been hijacked in this way .
It has not yet been established how their IP address came to be linked to file - sharing .
Landmark case Some question whether an IP address on its own can be used as evidence .
" The IP address alone does n't tell you anything .
Piracy is only established beyond doubt if the hard - drive is examined , " said Mr Coyle .
Firms that facilitate file sharing , such as Pirate Bay , have been undermining efforts by anti-piracy investigators to track down file sharers .
Pirate Bay makes no secret of the fact that it inserts the random IP addresses of users , some of who may not even know what file sharing is , to the list of people downloading files , leading investigators up a virtual garden path .
Despite the problems , rights owners are successfully suing pirates .
In a landmark case in August , games firm Topware Interactive won more than £ 16,000 following legal action against Londoner Isabella Barwinska who shared a copy of the game Dream Pinball 3D .
It is widely expected that the music industry will follow the lead of the games firms and begin prosecutions next year .
In the UK , claims are brought as civil actions using the Copyright , Design and Patents Act of 1988 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Virtual Library of Newspaper Articles
F.B.I. ( Federal Bureau of Investigations , United States of America )
The Disturbed Mind - Compliant Victims of the Sexual Sadist
This is a descriptive summary of the experiences of a sample of women who have been consensually involved with criminal sexual sadists .
The paper details the physical , sexual , and psychological abuse to which the women were subject as well as the process by which they were transformed from independent , competent woman to the compliant appendages of their criminally active partners .
Similarities in the sexual sadist 's criminal and consensual sexual activities as they reflect a specific paraphilic preference are discussed .
CanadianCRC editor 's comment
We see nothing in this paper which warrants gender specific consideration .
Female sadists have used the same techniques on children and adult males .
Karla Homolka introduced her boyfriend , Paul Bernardo to such sadistic sexual practices .
By Roy Hazelwood , Janet Warren , Park Dietz
Robert R Hazelwood , MA , is a Supervisory Special Agent assigned to the FBI 's Behavioral Science Services Unit at the National Centre for the Analysis of Violent Crime , The FBI Academy , Quantico Virginia .
He has conducted research on activities such as autoerotic fatalities , serial rape , sexual sadism , and the profiling of violent crime .
He has consulted on hundreds of violent crimes throughout the United States , Canada , the Caribbean , Europe and Southeast Asia .
Janet I Warnan , DSW , is an Associate Professor in the Department of Behavioral Medicine and Psychiatry at the University of Virginia .
She is director of the Information Management System , a state - wide forensic evaluation information system developed for the State of Virginia , and is consultant in the FBI 's Centre for the Analysis of Violent Crime .
Park E. Dietz , MD , MPH , PhD. is an Associate Professor in the Department of Psychiatry at the University of California , Los Angeles .
He has a consulting practice in forensic psychiatry based in Newport Beach , California , and is a consultant to the FBI 's National Centre for the Analysis of Violent Crime and the Forensic Sciences Unit of the New York State Police .
Studies of prisoners of war ( Further reading , Lifton R J ) , battered women , ( 1 ) ( and Further reading ) and abused children ( 2 ) ( and Further reading ) have all shown that systematic manipulation of rewards and punishments in the context of social isolation can alter self concept , expectations and behaviours among at least some victims .
The most puzzling aspect of the behaviour of victims of prolonged abuse is the means by which the abusers gain compliance from their victims to the extent that the victim seems to the casual observer to be voluntarily undergoing abuse despite opportunities to escape .
In situations of domestic abuse , however , the ' captor ' not only seeks compliance , but also seeks opportunities for continuing abuse of the victim .
Every spouse - abuse worker has seen women go home from work night after night to abusive men whom they decline to prosecute even after life - threatening injuries .
Every child protection worker has seen children lie to protect abusive parents .
How do some captors gain such extraordinary compliance from the victims ?
To answer this question , the authors examined the relationship that certain sexually sadistic offenders had with their wives or girlfriends .
This inquiry grew from a study of sexually sadistic offenders and their offences .
( 3 ) The 30 men in the original study executed criminal acts in which they were sexually aroused by the intentional torture of victims .
Their crimes were also characterised by careful planning , selection of strangers as victims , recording of the offences by the various means , keeping personal items taken from their victims , restraints of the victim , and a pattern of holding the victims captive for periods ranging from 24 hours to 7 years before killing or releasing them .
While the offenders were sometimes forthcoming about their criminal acts , few were forthcoming about the pattern of sexual arousal that motivated or accompanied their crimes .
To examine the intimate behaviours and sexual arousal of the sexual sadist , and to assess whether similar behaviours occur in both criminal and consenting contexts , seven women who had been the wives or girlfriends of sexually sadistic offenders were interviewed .
As these lengthy interviews unfolded it became apparent that the women described not only the same types of extreme emotional , physical and sexual abuse , but also a common process of transformation through which each became the compliant appendage of her sexually sadistic partner .
The women
Seven women have been interviewed thus far by one of the authors , a special agent with the Behavioral Sciences Unit of the FBI .
The women came to the awareness of the authors primarily through the FBI 's involvement in the investigation or prosecution of their partners ' crimes .
The sample is obviously not random but represents an exploratory inquiry into the interpersonal exploitation that characterises the intimate relationships of certain identified sexual sadists .
Three of the women were married to sexual sadists and their marriages ranged in length from 2 to 13 years .
The remaining four women dated sadists exclusively for periods ranging from 3 months to 18 months .
All were sadistically victimised by the men they were involved with .
An eighth woman who also dated a sadist when they were both teenagers was interviewed ; although they engaged in intercourse , she reported no sexual , physical or psychological abuse .
This man was responsible for the deaths of more than 20 women within 11 years of their relationship .
As children , four had been sexually abused , two physically abused , and six psychologically abused .
One reported that she had been sexually abused by two older sisters and an older brother .
All but one of the women were sexually naive at the time of meeting the sadists , even though five had previously been married .
None of the women reported prior knowledge of sadomasochism before meeting the sadists .
All the women had low self - esteem and readily admitted that they lacked confidence in themselves .
One woman , who was quite attractive , advised that one of the reasons she succumbed to the seduction of the sadist was that she could not believe that he found her physically attractive .
In every instance , the women came from middle to upper - middle class backgrounds , and none thought they had been economically deprived as a child .
With no exceptions , the women were non aggressive , remorseful and guilt - ridden .
They berated themselves for '' being so stupid ' and could not accept the fact that they had been manipulated to such a degree by the men .
With one exception , the women were professionally successful at the time they became involved with the men .
* Table 1 * contrasts the occupational status of the women and the sadists with whom they were involved .
The abuse
Physical abuse
All the women suffered physical abuse during their relationship with the sadists .
They reported being frequently beaten with fists and other blunt objects .
One woman reported that her husband called his arms ' guns ' and would periodically give her ' body shots ' or blows to the chest and stomach .
Another woman advised that here boyfriend keep her in captivity for 3 days during which he bound her from head to feet in adhesive tape .
Hourly , he would stand her upright and strike her viciously in the body , knocking her over .
Four of the women suffered broken bones at the hands of their ' loved ones ' .
Five of the women were whipped with leather whips , ropes or belts .
One respondent reported that her abuser carefully weaved a leather whip and used it on her until it became so badly frayed that he resorted to a belt for her beatings .
Both the condition of the whip and photographic evidence of her trauma validated her assertion .
Another woman was suspended by the wrists and whipped with a belt periodically over a number of years .
Four of the women were burned with matches , cigarettes or lighters .
In each instance , the injuries were located in areas normally covered by clothing so as to preclude inquiries from associates of the women .
Biting , as a means of physical abuse , was reported by all of the women .
Painful clamping devices were used on the nipples and labia of five of the respondents .
One woman advised that her boyfriend wanted to place an earring though her labia but he could not find " one he liked " .
Six of the women reported that they were strangled manually or by ligature during sexual activities .
Most reported either losing consciousness or being on the verge of doing so .
Painful bondage was used on all the women .
The bindings would be applied so as to cause maximal discomfort ( for example , tightly binding the breasts ) or to force the women to assume uncomfortable positions for extended periods .
While all the women advised that some of their injuries were visible to others , only one sought medical assistance .
This woman 's husband broke her arm while forcing her to engage in anal sex .
She left him after that incident .
She reported being too embarrassed or fearful to seek assistance until she decided to leave her partner .
Sexual abuse
All the women were sexually abused by the men .
Three victims were forcibly penetrated by large foreign objects .
One subject used a 12 cell flashlight and also a long cylindrical piece of wood .
Almost invariably these items were inserted anally , so as to cause maximal suffering .
Six of the women reported anal intercourse to be their sadistic partner 's preferred mode of sexual release .
Forced felatio was also reported by all seven women , and these same women reported that the sadists enjoyed ejaculating on their bodies , primarily their face or mouth .
Two of the seven women advised that they had been urinated on , and one reported being required to administer enemas to herself .
Three of the women were forced to have sex with others ; two were raped by friends of the sadists , and one was forced to engage in sexual acts with another woman who had been kidnapped by her husband .
All seven of the respondents agreed that the men were sexually insatiable .
The constant demand for sexual activities took precedence over all other activities .
When asked to describe the worst sexual abuse suffered , one woman told being hung by her wrists and whipped to the point of unconsciousness , explaining that this degree of suffering and humiliation enabled her partner to become sexually aroused for vaginal intercourse .
During the whippings she was not allowed to cry , scream or plead .
Table 1
Contrasts of occupational status of women and the sadists
Woman / Sadist :
Bank employee / Ex-convict , mechanic
Fire system engineer / Music sound mixer
Teenager / Metal worker
Business owner / Ex-convict , card dealer
Insurance broker / Business owner
Student nurse / Unemployed
Retail clerk / Unemployed
Psychological abuse
All of the women suffered emotional abuse at the hands of their sexually sadistic husbands or boyfriends .
Three of them were kept in physical captivity for a period of 24 hours or longer and three were forced to write and sign documents of slavery or servitude .
Six of the seven victims were ' scripted ' by the men .
Such scripting included being required to repeat words or phrases given them by the men , being forced to verbally describe the sexual acts taking place , pleading for sexual or physical abuse , using derogatory terms for themselves or parts of their bodies , or developing obscene fantasy scenarios for the men .
Four of the seven women reported that their partners recorded the sexual and sadistic activities .
Such recordings were made in a variety of ways .
One woman was photographed while being hung by her wrists .
Another advised that her boyfriend took photographs , made drawings , audio - taped and wrote about her sexual and physical abuse .
The other two women were photographed during sexual acts , and the photographs were used to blackmail them into continued compliance .
In every situation , the women were verbally abused by the sexually sadistic men .
They agreed that the constant verbal degradation not only lowered their self - esteem , but also kep them in a constant state of fear and depression .
The transformation process
Intrinsic to the stories told by the seven women was a process of transformation wherein they went from relatively normal patterns of living and relation to bizarre , destructive and dangerous forms of exploitation and perversion .
The process by which this transformation took place for them was surprisingly similar .
Selection of vulnerable woman
Extrapolating from the behaviour described by the women , it appears that the sexual sadists had developed an ability to identify a naive , passive , and vulnerable woman .
All the women reported feeling badly about themselves when they were initially approached by the sadist , either due to situational factors such as the break - up of a relationship or as a result of more cronic problems with self - esteem .
The sexual sadists seemed able to assess this vulnerability and exploit it to manipulate these women toward interpersonal scenarios that would meet their need for dominance , control and sadistic sexual behaviours .
It seems likely that these men have attempted such activities with other women and failed .
The behaviour of the sadists reflected a degraded view of women in which they are all ultimately ' bitches ' and ' whores ' .
They tended to choose " nice " middle class women who had never previously been exposed to perverse sexual practices .
The transformation of these ' nice ' women into humiliated and demeaned victims was the sadist 's mission .
This process not only insured them access to a compliant sexual partner , but also highlighted the control and mastery he could exert over another .
Seduction of the targeted woman
The women reported that their partners were initially charming , considerate , daring , unselfish and attentive .
They gave the women gifts unexpectedly and were constantly attentive to their desires .
As one woman said : " He could n't do enough for me . "
Another woman , who was experiencing marital problems , advised that the man she became involved with was available to her day or night for advice or " just to listen " .
The women all ' fell ' for the men relatively quickly , even though they recognised a sinister side to them .
In all of the cases , the men related to the women in a romantic , seductive manner that was the antithesis of their eventual degradation and abuse .
Like the paedophile , the sadist continued this phase until he was confident in his ability to manipulate and use the woman in ways that were sexually gratifying to him .
He cultivated the woman 's genuine affection for him before initiating the next steps .
Shaping sexual behaviour
The time devoted to the shaping of the woman 's sexual behaviour depended on the vulnerability and susceptibility of the woman .
Typically , the sexual sadist persuaded the woman to engage in a sexual activity that was beyond her norm sexual repertoire .
These activities included fellatio ( n=7 ) , bondage ( n=7 ) , the use of foreign objects ( n=6 ) , anal intercourse ( n=7 ) , sexual photography ( n=4 ) , or a combination of these .
Once she had participated in such an act , the sadist then used ' positive reinforcement ' ( for example , gratitude , compliments , or attention ) or ' negative reinforcement ' techniques ( for example , pouting , ignoring , or rejection ) to obtain her compliance for progressively deviant activities .
Over time , what began as atypical sexual behaviour became routine in their relationship .
In our earlier research on the criminal activities of the sexual sadist we found that anal sex was the preferred act involving penetration , followed by fellatio , vaginal intercourse and foreign objects penetration .
The interviews of these women confirm this rank - ordering of sexual preferences .
The partners of these women eventually relied on threats and violence to maintain the compliance of the women in such activities .
In a number instances , the women reported that once anal intercourse became a regular part of their sexual repertoire , vaginal intercourse ceased to interest their partners .
Social isolation
Having shaped the woman 's sexual behaviour , the sadist moved into the fourth phase , ' social isolation ' .
The men gradually became overly possessive and jealous of any activity that did not centre on them , and they alienated any acquaintances who were not their own friends .
Restrictive measures were used so that the world of these women became increasingly circumscribed and their circle of confidants eventually dissipated .
Punishment
The fifth and final step in the transformation involves physical and psychological punishment .
Having met , seduced and transformed a ' nice ' woman into a sexually compliant and totally dependent individual , the sadist has validated his theory of women .
The woman is now a subservient , inferior being who has ' allowed ' herself to be re-created sexually and has participated in sexual acts that no ' decent ' woman would engage in , thereby confirming that she is a ' bitch ' and deserving of punishment .
In fact , three of the men referred to the women , and demanded that the women refer to themselves as ' evil ' .
This punishment takes many forms .
The types of punishment experienced by these seven women included painful sexual bondage ( n=7 ) , whipping ( n=5 ) , beating ( n=7 ) , captivity ( n=3 ) signing a contract of servitude ( n=3 ) , enemas ( n=1 ) , being urinated on ( n=2 ) , forced sex with others ( n=3 ) , hanging ( n=4 ) , strangulation ( n=6 ) and forced participation in criminal activities ( n=4 ) .
Discussion
The degradation and suffering experienced by these women illustrates the exploitative and inhumane behaviour that one person can intentionally inflict on another .
Perhaps unsettling is that the women were compliant for so long with the men who degraded , exploited and abused them .
The finding that as children , 25 per cent of the women had been physically abused , 50 per cent had be sexually abused , and 75 per cent had been psychologically abused and that in adulthood 50 per cent had previously been involved in abusive relationships , suggests some process of re-enactment in which early relational matrices are replicated in later life .
This finding is similar to observations made by Walker .
( 3 ) While asserting that there was no ' victim - prone ' personality among battered women , she nonetheless noted that their backgrounds were characterised by sexual abuse and ' uncontrollable events ' that might lead to depression .
Still , not all the women had been previously abused and even those who had been were functioning competently when they met the sadists .
In the majority of cases , the sadist took a competent woman of high status and transformed her into a sexually and psychologically compliant slave .
This process seems to require a subtle means of selection whereby the sadist recognises or tests women as to their potential susceptibility and vulnerability .
While it is not clear exactly what they look for , it appears that vulnerability in the women 's sense of self - who and what she is - makes her a prime target for moulding by her eventual captor .
Many of the dynamics used in other kinds of ' brainwashing ' or ' mind control ' seem to be used in this context .
No only does the sadist isolate the women from other intimate relationships , but he also physically abuses her , deprives her of sleep , repeatedly degrades and humiliates her and gradually introduces new behaviours into her repertoire accompanied by both positive reinforcement for compliant behaviours and negative reinforcement for non compliant behaviour .
The use of drugs also occasionally accompanies the process .
As highlighted by the authors in an earlier paper ( 4 ) the issues of control seem central both to the sadist 's behaviour and his pattern of sexual arousal .
One sexual sadist defined sadism in the following way : Sadism :
The wish to inflict pain on others is not the essence of sadism .
One essential impulse : to have complete mastery over another person , to make him - her a helpless object of our will , to become her God , to do with her as one pleases .
To humiliate her , to enslave her are means to this end , and the most important radical aid is to make her suffer since there is no greater power over another person than that of inflicting pain on her to force her to undergo suffering without her being able to defend herself .
The pleasure in the complete domination over another person is the very essence of the sadistic drive .
The current study suggests that this state of ' complete domination over another person ' is a goal to which the sexual sadist strives not only in his sexual behaviour but also throughout all aspects of his intimate relationships .
According to the women who were involved with these men , every aspect of their lives gradually came under the control of their partners .
Perhaps the most extreme case was a woman who voluntarily returned to the abysmal conditions of captivity despite frequent opportunities to escape .
The psychological control of the sadist was graphically expressed as a physical reality .
Of particular interest in understanding the sexual sadist is the find that many of the behaviours that characterise the sexual sadist 's criminal behaviour also characterise his consenting sexual relationships .
As described by the former wives and girlfriends , their relations with the sexual sadists were characterised by beatings , captivity , being bound , anal rape , forced fellatio , foreign object penetration , scripting , intentional torture , and the recording of sexual acts .
These behaviours which mirror those found in the sadist 's criminal behaviour ( 5 ) support the view that certain behaviours constitute arousing components of the sadist 's sexual response pattern regardless of situation .
Interestingly , the availability of consenting partners with who they can legally enact these sexual scenarios raises the question as to why the sadists simultaneously choose to commit crimes against additional victims , despite the risk of apprehension .
Perhaps this motivation is best described by one sexual sadist , who , after his first murder , observed : " I never thought it would be so easy to kill a person , or that I would enjoy it .
But it was easy and I was enjoying the feeling of supremacy .
A supremacy like I have never know before . "
This intermeshing of attachment of perversion raises the interesting questions concerning criminal responsibility .
As indicated , several of the women eventually became co-conspirators with the sadists in serious criminal activities .
The past decade has seen the " battered woman syndrome " being recognised as evidence supporting a claim of self - defence when the abused woman kills her abuser .
From a somewhat different perspective , Patty Hearst argued that she had been brainwashed by her captors and was thus not fully responsible for her behaviour in support of their crimes .
While the former addresses the question of guilt or innocence and the later the issue of diminished capacity , neither suggests that the impairment the abused or " brainwashed " woman experiences in her reality testing is significant enough to warrant a finding of legal insanity under either the McNaughten or Model Penal Code Standard .
These standards negate culpability because of the presence of mental illness and its impact on a person 's cognitive functioning and volitional control .
In the current sample , the wife of a sexual sadist who became involved in the kidnapping and murder of victims acquired for her husband was convicted on a guilty plea and is now serving a substantial prison sentence .
Although her criminal behaviour began and was perpetrated exclusively within the context of her relationship with her husband , she entered a guilty plea in exchange for a shorter sentence than she might otherwise have incurred .
Finally , the results reported here suggest that domestic abuse complaints can be a source of investigative leads for unsolved sexually sadistic crimes .
In particular , men who have persuaded , manipulated , or forced their wives or girlfriends to sign slave contracts , or to engage in a variety of deviant sexual or sexually sadistic acts should be recognised as men who are at risk of committing similar acts with strangers .
A top secret NSA wiretapping facility in Georgia accused of spying on Americans illegally was hastily staffed with inexperienced reservists in the months following September 11 , where they worked under conflicting orders and with little supervision , according to three former workers at the spy complex .
" Nobody knew exactly what the heck we were doing , " said a former translator for the project , code named Highlander , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
" We were figuring out the rules as we were going along . "
Former Army Reserve linguist Adrienne Kinne , who also worked at the facility at Fort Gordon , won new attention this week for her year - old claim that she and her group intercepted and transcribed satellite phone calls of American civilians in the Middle East for the National Security Agency .
Senate intelligence committee chair Jay Rockefeller ( D - W.Va . ) opened a probe into the alleged abuses after ABC News reported on them Thursday .
Threat Level spoke with Kinne extensively last year about the alleged systematic surveillance of Americans and others operating in the Middle East following the 9/11 attacks .
She provided a number of details about some of the calls and how the operation was conducted .
Aid workers and journalists were specifically targeted in the program , and their phone numbers were added to a " priority list " , Kinne said last year .
Among those under surveillance were workers from nongovernmental organizations such as Doctors Without Borders , the International Committee of the Red Cross , and the United Nations Development Programme , as well as journalists staying in Baghdad at the time of the Iraq invasion .
The intercepted calls included conversations among American , British , Australian and other civilian foreign nationals in the Middle East , as well as conversations between aid workers and journalists in the Middle East and their family members in the United States .
" If it was happening then I 'm sure it 's happening now , and who knows on what scale , " Kinne said .
" That 's the thing that really bothers me . "
But at the time we were unable to confirm her account of the spying .
Two coworkers of Kinne's , who spoke with Threat Level on condition of anonymity , conceded that the group operated under ambiguous rules and with poor supervision , but insisted no deliberate eavesdropping on Americans occurred .
Now a second former Arabic linguist with the Navy has corroborated her claims to ABC , and to NSA expert James Bamford , who includes the story in his upcoming book Shadow Factory .
If the allegations are true , it would seem to indicate that warrantless spying of Americans approved by President Bush following 9/11 expanded rapidly beyond U.S. borders to citizens overseas , notwithstanding United States Signals Intelligence Directive 18 , or USSID 18 – an NSA rule that bars overseas surveillance of Americans without authorization and probable cause .
Kinne first raised her allegations in July 2007 to a blogger named David Swanson whom she 'd encountered after an anti-war protest .
Threat Level contacted her a couple of days later and spoke with her a number of times over several months .
Kinne , who is 31 , served in the U.S. Army Reserves as a sergeant and an Arabic linguist from October 2001 to August 2003 at a U.S. Army Signal Center at Fort Gordon , Georgia , which operated as a listening post for the National Security Agency .
Kinne had served active duty in the U.S. Army as an intelligence linguist with a top secret SCI security clearance from 1994 to 1998 , and was in inactive reserves on September 11 , 2001 .
In desperate need of Arabic translators with classified clearances , the Army called Kinne 's reserve battalion for active duty .
Kinne served with the 201st Military Intelligence battalion , which is part of the 513th Military Intelligence brigade .
Kinne said that during the time she was at Fort Gordon , the government was intercepting and listening to phone calls made by American citizens and allies working for aid organizations and media outlets .
At first , Kinne did n't think they were doing anything wrong because in mid-2002 , several months after the surveillance began , a supervisor told her group of linguists and analysts that they had received a " waiver " that allowed them to intercept and listen to the conversations of Americans .
The waiver also gave them permission to spy on British , Canadian and Australian citizens Kinne said .
Under federal law , such a waiver would usually require special national security circumstances –- such as an imminent threat of death or attack .
But Kinne said the people whose conversations she targeted did n't discuss information of a military or terrorist nature , and the interceptions occurred over the entire Middle East –- not just in war zones .
The surveillance was still going on when Kinne left active reserve duty in August 2003 .
Kinne 's mission at Fort Gordon , which was given the name Highlander , intercepted only communication sent through satellite phones , which included faxes .
This represented a change from her active duty in the 1990s when her group had intercepted only live radio transmissions involving military targets in the Middle East .
The operation that began in 2001 involved region - wide interceptions , which meant that satellite calls of businessmen , journalists and other civilians were sometimes vacuumed up with everything else .
Generally , when incidental interception of Americans occurs , there are procedures for handling the intercepts .
Under USSID 18 , recordings of such calls are supposed to be abandoned and destroyed when a U.S. citizen is identified .
The only exceptions to this rule are when the attorney general affirms that the surveillance target is believed to be an agent of a foreign power , or the purpose of the collection is to acquire " significant foreign intelligence information . "
Kinne 's description of the interceptions , however , indicated that U.S. aid workers and journalists were routinely targeted without cause .
To illustrate that contrast , Kinne recalled a conversation intercepted by her army intelligence unit in 1997 , in which one of the parties to the call mentioned the name of a U.S. politician who was coming to the Middle East for a visit .
Under USSID 18 , the names of members of the U.S. legislative branch cannot appear in intelligence reports without special authorization , and Kinne said her group deleted every record they collected that mentioned the politician 's name .
William Weaver , who worked in the U.S. Army signals intelligence for eight years in Berlin and Augsberg , Germany , concurred with her assessment of how seriously USSID 18 was regarded .
" The way USSID 18 was treated by us was that it came down from God and was sacrosanct , " said Weaver , who is now an assistant professor of political science at the University of Texas , El Paso .
" We were told at training and many times after that , that if you violated USSID 18 you could spend the rest of your life in prison .
The mindset was that you do not intercept U.S. citizens .
And the minute you recognized that you intercepted , you immediately reported up the chain of command . "
Kinne said everything changed shortly after her unit intercepted a call in early to mid-2002 between British and U.S. aid workers .
The two were discussing day - to - day work details when the British worker told the American , " You should be careful about what you 're saying because the Americans are listening to us . "
The American responded that USSID 18 barred U.S. authorities from spying on the communication of Americans , so the British worker had nothing to worry about .
Kinne said her supervisor , Chief Warrant Officer John Berry , and others were livid .
" [ They ] acted as if he was betraying some hugely intense national secret to a foreigner , " she said .
" So that 's when they were like , ' We need to be able to listen to them ' . "
Shortly thereafter , she said she was informed that her group had received a waiver from USSID 18 .
She said it was communicated verbally during one of her shifts .
" They never showed us anything in writing , " said Kinne .
" But we never expected to get anything in writing . "
Threat Level contacted Berry , who now works as a reporter for the Press - Enterprise in Riverside , California , but he hung up the phone at the first mention of Kinne 's name .
Kinne said that in the nearly two years she was monitoring conversations , her group received calls in numerous languages , including Farsi , Pashtu , Dari , Tagalog , Japanese , Chinese and Russian .
Between 10 - 20 percent of the calls she monitored involved English - speakers , which included Americans , Canadians and British citizens .
Nearly 99 percent of the calls she monitored were non-military related .
Comparatively few of the calls she processed were in Arabic .
The calls were intercepted and digitally recorded by members of the Army 's military intelligence unit in Kuwait then sent to Fort Gordon .
The system would pick up conversations for whatever phone numbers the military programmed into its interception system , though Kinne assumed the system also randomly swept satellite calls for untargeted numbers , since so many calls were recorded for numbers whose owners were unknown .
For the first couple of months Kinne and her colleagues did n't know the identity of the people connected to the phone numbers they monitored .
" At that point in time , we were just given numbers and we ... were still sorting out who belonged to what , " she said .
" That 's why we initially started collecting Americans and other nationals because we did n't know whose number belonged to whom . "
Once they identified speakers , they typed the person 's name or organization into the system , so that when a conversation involving that number was intercepted again , the name appeared on their computer screen .
Although the system allowed them to block phone numbers identified as belonging to a nongovernmental organization or journalist , they never did so .
Instead , she said , they added the numbers of humanitarian aid organizations and journalists to a priority list .
" They were ' priority five , ' from what I remember , " she said .
" ' Priority one ' was terrorist organizations .
' Priority five ' is middle of the road .
' Priority nine ' was just unidentified numbers .
Not only were we given the ability to listen to [ NGOs and journalists ] , but it was programmed into our system to listen to them . "
Periodically , they received a list of new numbers that had been programmed into the system .
" I do n't know where the numbers were coming from , " Kinne said .
" We were just given raw materials and we had to identify what number belonged to what organization and prioritize and set up a list . "
They wrote a report on each call , except those made to parties in the U.S. Kinne said they were just instructed to listen to those calls .
She later said in another conversation that some people in her group did write reports involving conversations of Americans and Australians , but did n't reference the nationality of the speaker in their report .
" Americans ' in - country ' were fair game as long as you did n't identify them as American , " she said .
" People wrote reports on what journalists said all the time . "
Kinne 's recollections of intercepted calls were vague on details , as one might expect of someone recalling four - year - old conversations that held no significance at the time .
She was unable , for example , to recall the names of people whose calls were intercepted or the names of specific media outlets to which the monitored journalists belonged .
The few call details she did remember stood out in her mind because of the nature of the calls or circumstances surrounding them .
For example , Kinne was reprimanded for listening to one call when she should have been focused on a fax that her unit intercepted purporting to identify the location of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
The fax arrived in the middle of the night , around the time of the Iraq invasion .
Kinne was monitoring a call involving two English - speaking humanitarian aid workers who were in a vehicle frantically trying to reach their office to find cover before bombs began raining on the city .
" I just remember they were ... calling in their position [ to their colleagues ] every 10 to 15 minutes or so because they were worried about their safety , " she said .
Kinne filed several reports about the aid workers and gave their location to her supervisor , believing that U.S. military personnel might help the aid workers , or at least refrain from shooting their vehicle .
But while she was monitoring the workers , a fax arrived , several pages long and written in Arabic .
Even though the fax was from a phone number with a higher priority , Kinne ignored it because she felt the lives of the aid workers were more important .
When another worker later read the fax and realized its significance , all of the workers were instructed to drop everything to translate it .
Kinne said the fax purported to describe the location of chemical , biological and other weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
As soon as her group completed the translation , she said it was sent to the White House -– the only time information was sent directly in this manner .
After the information was on its way , Kinne looked at the source of the document and began to doubt its authenticity .
She said it came from the Iraqi National Congress or Iraqi National Accord – she could n't remember which .
Kinne said she expressed doubts to her commanding officer , John Berry , about the authenticity of the information and was told that her job was to collect the information , not analyze it .
" He said I did n't care about our mission or our country ... and I needed to stop asking questions , " she said .
Kinne was written up in an incident report for having ignored the fax when it came in .
When she later read news reports confirming that an Iraqi group had fed the military intelligence false information about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , she suspected the fax had been deliberately sent through an open satellite network so that her unit would intercept it and give it to the White House .
The only other conversations Kinne recalled with any detail involved journalists staying at a hotel in Baghdad around the time of the U.S. invasion .
The journalists revealed their location in calls to U.S. family members .
Kinne said she 'd been monitoring the conversations of journalists at the hotel for a while , when the name of the hotel appeared on a military list of targets for bombing .
Kinne said she brought the information to Berry 's attention .
" I told him , you realize there are journalists staying in that hotel and we have just said that we are going to bomb it , " she said .
" I assumed that ... whoever made the targeting list did n't know journalists were staying there . "
She did n't know if the information was passed on to anyone , but in April 2003 , a U.S. tank fired on The Palestine hotel , which was serving as a base for many journalists .
Two journalists were killed .
Two subsequent investigations by the army and the Committee to Protect Journalists concluded that the gunners had never been told journalists were at the hotel .
Two fellow linguists who had worked with Kinne at Fort Gordon disputed Kinne 's story of illegal surveillance .
They asked to remain anonymous because they were violating orders to not discuss their work at Fort Gordon .
Both linguists said they never violated USSID 18 and had never heard about a waiver , which one of them called implausible .
They said USSID 18 was drummed into their heads and was posted everywhere at work as a constant reminder .
" There is just no breaking that rule , " one linguist said .
" There are a lot of other rules they can change and have changed , but they do n't change that one .
We do n't want to have a Watergate experience . "
The same linguist said if there had been any guidance from supervisors about violating USSID 18 , it would have been along the lines of " if you hear something that meets this high criteria .. and there are words that are scaring you , tip it off to the head chief and they will decide if there is imminent risk .
That is the only way we deviate ...
So if [ Kinne 's ] understanding is that all the rules got tossed , there is no way [ that happened ] . "
The other linguist was just as emphatic .
" [ N ] ever in my entire military career have I ever been told that it was okay to listen to U.S. citizens .
[ If ] an intercept came in that had a citizen 's conversation , I was never told I could report what came from Americans . "
They were both angry with Kinne for discussing their work .
One said if Kinne thought their mission had been illegal , she should have gone through internal processes or reported it to the FBI .
" If there was something going on , she had methods to handle it .
To go outside and do it in this way indicates a need to make it fantastical .
Or to get back at somebody . "
The other translator noted that Kinne had conflicts with a number of people she worked with – particularly her supervisor Berry – and had a negative view of their team and its mission , which may have affected her perception of the operation .
They described Berry as a problematic and hostile manager who did n't seem to know what he was doing .
Adding to this was a pervasive sense of confusion around their mission , which was set up quickly on the fly and being run by reservists who had no experience intercepting phone calls .
The unit was overworked , understaffed and undertrained .
They did n't have a standard of operation , or SOP , when they started the mission and had to cobble one together from other SOPs .
Many conversations they had to translate were in dialects unfamiliar to them or languages , such as Pashtu , in which they had no proficiency .
In that confusion , there might have been times when people inadvertently listened to conversations they should n't have , but both linguists said the policy was clear that they were not to listen or report on U.S. citizens or allies .
" There was a lot of crazy stupidity going on , but [ Berry ] was n't abusing USSID 18 because he did n't have the authority , " one said .
The other linguist said , " [ T ] he entire way of using intelligence and the dissemination of information ... were changing , and as things were changing and we were trying to figure things out , I think there could have been a lot of gray lines that were walked instead of black and white . "
Asked for an example of these gray lines , the linguist explained :
" [ S ] ometimes when you are searching for information ... things come across your way that are extraneous or not pertinent to what you should be doing , and if you come across that and you do n't act on it , you do n't report it , it 's like it never happened .
I can say there are times when that 's possibly a gray area ...
You hear a lot of things , you see a lot of things , but a lot of it is junk ... [ and ] some of it might be accidental .
But the number one mandate [ that ] you are conscious of is , ' Is this something I should be listening to ?
Is this something I can report on ? '
If it does n't meet those two criteria , you 're going to discard it . "
It 's worth noting that Kinne began speaking about her surveillance activities only after becoming an anti-war activist , and working with groups calling for the impeachment of President Bush .
When Threat Level spoke with her last year , she was working as a research assistant for the Veterans Administration in Vermont and was becoming increasingly active politically .
She had worked on get - out - the - vote campaigns for Moveon.org in November 2006 , and in January 2007 began meeting with members of Iraq Veterans Against the War .
She participated in a rally and a sit-in at the Vermont state house and went on a bus tour with anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan calling for the impeachment of President Bush .
Kinne said that after the White House announced a troop escalation in Iraq , she became very angry that the 2006 mid-term elections and subsequent changes in Congress had n't led to pressure on the Administration to pull out of Iraq .
But it was n't until details of the government 's illegal domestic spying operation on Americans were revealed in late 2005 , that she had reason to ponder her surveillance work , she said .
Even then , her realization came slowly .
" I never really thought about how what we did related to [ those news reports ] , " she said .
" It took me quite a while to put the pieces together .
I just figured we were one mission , and I never thought that probably military intelligence groups across the country were all being given waivers to listen to whomever they wanted . "
It was another year and a half after the New York Times broke the story on the domestic surveillance program before Kinne uttered her first public words about the surveillance she had conducted on behalf of the NSA .
" I still felt like it was all classified and I was n't supposed to talk about it , " she said .
" But the more I got involved in things , the more I started getting really angry that people in government were not telling the truth and that people who know what 's going on [ are ] not speaking out .
The more I thought about it , the more I realized that I should tell people what I knew and hopefully that would encourage other people to say what they know . "
She said she just wanted to pass the information to others who could determine whether the army and administration broke the law .
To that end , she had submitted her allegations to Sen.
Patrick Leahy 's office ( D - Vermont ) in the hope that his staff would look into the matter to determine if laws had been broken .
Leahy 's staff sent her an e-mail indicating that they sent her letter to the Department of Defense Inspector General .
But Kinne never heard anything after that .
Given her political activities and the delay in reporting the alleged abuse , the denials of her peers and the lack of corroborating evidence , Threat Level elected not to publish her claims last year .
But in his upcoming book , The Shadow Factory , journalist James Bamford – the leading civilian expert on the NSA – reports that he confirmed the illegal surveillance with another linguist named David Murfee Faulk , who worked on the program through the Navy .
One of Faulk 's coworkers – not Kinne – asked a supervisor about USSID 18 , and was ordered to disregard the directive , Bamford reports .
James Dempsey , policy director of the Center for Democracy and Technology , said last year that if Kinne 's information was accurate , it would be a significant advancement to what we knew about the administration 's warrantless surveillance .
" Up to now the administration has said that every single phone call that we intercepted we did so because we knew there was al - Qaida ____on the phone , " Dempsey said .
" Now you 're saying that , at least overseas , they were targeting Americans when they had no reason to believe an al - Qaida member was on the other line .
This is the first indication that the government was targeting not terrorists but Americans overseas on less than probable cause . "
( Image courtesy the U.S. Army )
We know our siblings and in - laws have personalities — sometimes to a fault .
But science recently has revealed that such individual differences are widespread in the animal kingdom , even reaching to spiders , birds , mice , squid , rats and pigs .
Now a new mathematical model helps to explain how and why such animal temperaments develop over time .
The model explains a central question of both animal and human personality — why certain individuals are more rigid or flexible than others , and why some change their behavior in response to changes in their environment while others do not .
The answer , says Franz Weissing of the University of Groningen , the Netherlands , comes down to costs and benefits .
A group in which both rigid and flexible personality types co-exist makes for an optimal system , his model shows .
The field of animal - personality study is starting to gain some substance and credibility , said University of Texas psychologist Sam Gosling , who does research in this field .
" When I started doing this , like 10 years ago , things were really different .
I remember people thought it was anthropomorphic [ to use the term animal personality ] , " said Gosling , who was not involved in the recent study .
Prestigious scientific journals are publishing research articles explicitly on the topic of animal personality , he said .
" I think it does reflect a new sense of respect in the field and I think it 's opening up all kinds of important opportunities and allowing us to test questions we simply could n't test without animal studies , " Gosling said .
Duck food
Weissing and his colleagues ran various model simulations of scenarios that included a resource as well as responsive and unresponsive animals .
He said the new model shows , for example , when it 's optimal for animals to react to a change in food and when it 's not .
It turns out that competing personalities help to keep a healthy balance in a group .
Say you have a duck pond in which , every day , twice as much food is scattered along the right side of the pond , leaving the left side sparse , Weissing said .
The ducks learn to paddle to the right side to forage .
Then one day , say , more food shows up on the left side of the pond , leaving the right with a dearth .
Experiments have shown that some of the ducks were checking out the left side of the pond all along and will notice and swim to the food on the left .
Other ducks , however , will stick to their routine and continue about their business of scarfing up the little bit of food still on the right side .
The responsive ducks benefit from their quick move to the big pile of food , while the unresponsive ducks could starve , or at the very least , not get a bellyful .
The tables turn if too many ducks were to respond and head over to the left side of the pond .
In this model scenario , the competition on that side of the pond would skyrocket , leaving some of these seeming smarty pants with little food .
Meanwhile , the unresponsive ducks would benefit in this scenario , because while they would be left with a smaller portion of food , there would be hardly any competition for it .
In some of the model simulations , responsiveness could also be a waste of energy .
If say the food never moves to the other side of the pond , the proactive ducks could exhaust themselves to no avail .
In the end , a balance between ducks that scan for change and ducks that stick with the routine would benefit the overall population .
Individuals coexist
The researchers also found animal personalities tend to persist .
That 's because , as the adage goes , practice makes perfect .
Individuals who are responsive gain experience , so it behooves them to continue such behavior in the future .
" Individuals that have been responsive before have a slight advantage in collecting or interpreting environmental cues , " Weissing told LiveScience .
" This is a plausible assumption , since the performance of individuals generally improves with the experience they have . "
Similar personality types also exist in humans .
" Some humans behave rather routine , in a rigid way .
And others behave in a rather flexible way , " Weissing said .
" The first type is rather traditional , conservative , always following the trodden path of the past , whereas the other type is more interested in change , interested in the environment , always sampling the environment . "
While the model simulations did n't directly analyze human behavior , Weissing said there is a crossover between non-human animals and the rest of the animal kingdom .
The research , detailed online this week by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , was funded by the Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research .
Psychological Operations in Guerrilla Warfare
by , translated by sister projects : Wikipedia article .
During Nicaragua 's civil war in the 1980s , the contras of the Psychological Operations in Guerrilla Warfare ( Operaciones sicológicas en guerra de guerillas ) .
Its public revelation in October 1984 created a firestorm of controversy .
During Nicaragua 's civil war in the 1980s , the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) commissioned a manual for the rebelof the Nicaraguan Democratic Force ( FDN ) , entitled ) .
Its public revelation in October 1984 created a firestorm of controversy .
The manual was written by a CIA contract employee who used the alias John Kirkpatrick .
He based his work off of existing US Army manuals , particularly the Green Berets ' Lesson Plan 643 , Armed Psyop ( April 1968 ) .
Field Manual 30 - 104 , Handbook on Aggressor Insurgent War ( September 1967 ) , was another source .
These manuals were in turn informed by the Army 's study of the doctrine and methods employed by the Viet Cong 's Armed Propaganda Teams to build political support .
Kirkpatrick worked during the fall of 1983 with the FDN director in charge of communications , Edgar Chamorro , and Chamorro 's secretary translated the manuscript into Spanish .
The ninety - page manual was printed under the pseudonym Tayacán in late 1983 .
Two passages were cut out of the printed manual , and replaced by expurgated pages before distribution : one talked about getting demonstrators killed to create martyrs for the cause , the other about hiring professional criminals for special jobs .
The full , unexpurgated manual was retranslated into English by Joanne Omang for the Congressional Research Service .
132084 Psychological Operations in Guerrilla Warfare Tayacán Joanne Omang
PREFACE [ edit ]
Guerrilla warfare is essentially a political war .
Therefore , its area of operations exceeds the territorial limits of conventional warfare , to penetrate the political entity itself : the " political animal " that Aristotle defined .
In effect , the human being should be considered the priority objective in a political war .
And conceived as the military target of guerrilla war , the human being has his most critical point in his mind .
Once his mind has been reached , the " political animal " has been defeated , without necessarily receiving bullets .
Guerrilla warfare is born and grows in the political environment ; in the constant combat to dominate that area of political mentality that is inherent to all human beings and which collectively constitutes the " environment " in which guerrilla warfare moves , and which is where precisely its victory or failure is defined .
This conception of guerrilla warfare as political war turns Psychological Operations into the decisive factor of the results .
The target , then , is the minds of the population , all the population : our troops , the enemy troops and the civilian population .
This book is a manual for the training of guerrillas in psychological operations , and its application to the concrete case of the Christian and democratic crusade being waged in Nicaragua by the Freedom Commandos .
Welcome !
INTRODUCTION [ edit ]
1. Generalities [ edit ]
The purpose of this book is to introduce the guerrilla student to the psychological operations techniques that will be of immediate and practical value to him in guerrilla warfare .
This section is introductory and general ; subsequent sections will cover each point set forth here in more detail .
The nature of the environment of guerrilla warfare does not permit sophisticated psychological operations , and it becomes necessary for the chiefs of groups , chiefs of detachments and squadron leaders to have the ability to carry out , with minimal instructions from the higher levels , psychological action operations with the contacts that are thoroughly aware of the situation , i.e. the foundations .
2. Combatant - Propagandist Guerrillas [ edit ]
In order to obtain the maximum results from the psychological operations in guerrilla warfare , every combatant should be as highly motivated to carry out propaganda face to face as he is a combatant .
This means that the individual political awareness of the guerrilla of the reason for his struggle will be as acute as his ability to fight .
Such a political awareness and motivation is obtained through the dynamic of groups and self - criticism , as a standard method of instruction for the guerrilla training and operations .
Group discussions raise the spirit and improve the unity of thought of the guerrilla training and operations .
Group discussions raise the spirit and improve the unity of thought of the guerrilla squads and exercise social pressure on the weak members to carry out a better role in future training or in combative action .
Self - criticism is in terms of one 's contribution or defects in his contribution to the cause , to the movement , the struggle , etc. ; and gives a positive individual commitment to the mission of the group .
The desired result is a guerrilla who can persuasively justify his actions when he comes into contact with any member of the People of Nicaragua , and especially with himself and his fellow guerrillas in dealing with the vicissitudes of guerrilla warfare .
This means that every guerrilla will be persuasive in his face - to - face communication - propagandist - combatant - ins his contact with the people ; he should be able to give 5 or 10 logical reasons why , for example , a peasant should give him cloth , needle and thread to mend his clothes .
When the guerrilla behaves in this manner , enemy propaganda will never succeed in making him an enemy in the eyes of the people .
It also means that hunger , cold , fatigue and insecurity will have a meaning , psychologically , in the cause of the struggle due to his constant orientation .
3. Armed Propaganda [ edit ]
Armed propaganda includes every act carried out , and the good impression that this armed force causes will result in positive attitudes in the population toward that force ; ad it does not include forced indoctrination .
Armed propaganda improves the behavior of the population toward them , and it is not achieved by force .
This means that a guerilla armed unit in a rural town will not give the impression that arms are their strength over the peasants , but rather that they are the strength of the peasants against the Sandinista government of repression .
This is achieved through a close identification with the people , as follows : hanging up weapons and working together with them on their crops , in construction , in the harvesting of grains , in fishing , etc. ; explanations to young men about basic weapons , e.g. giving them an unloaded weapon and letting them touch it , see it , etc. ; describing in a rudimentary manner its operation ; describing with simple slogans how weapons will serve the people to win their freedom ; demanding the requests by the people for hospitals and education , reducing taxes , etc .
All these acts have as their goal the creation of an identification of the people with the weapons and the guerrillas who carry them , so that the population feels that the weapons are , indirectly , their weapon to protect them and help them in the struggle against a regime of oppression .
Implicit terror always accompanies weapons , since the people are internally " aware " that they can be used against them , but as long as explicit coercion is avoided , positive attitudes can be achieved with respect to the presence of armed guerrillas within the population .
4. Armed Propaganda Teams [ edit ]
Armed Propaganda Teams ( EPA ) are formed through a careful selection of persuasive and highly motivated guerrillas who move about within the population , encouraging the people to support the guerrillas and put up resistance against the enemy .
It combines a high degree of political awareness and the " armed " propaganda ability of the guerrillas toward a planned , programmed , and controlled effort .
The careful selection of the staff , based on their persuasiveness in informal discussions and their ability in combat , is more important than their degree of education or the training program .
The tactics of the Armed Propaganda Teams are carried out covertly , and should be parallel to the tactical effort in guerrilla warfare .
The knowledge of the psychology of the population is primary for the Armed Propaganda Teams , but much more intelligence data will be obtained from an EPA program in the area of operations .
5. Development and Control of the " Front " Organizations [ edit ]
The development and control of " front " ( or facade ) organizations is carried out through subjective internal control at group meetings of " inside cadres , " and the calculations of the time for the fusion of these combined efforts to be applied to the masses .
Established citizens - doctors , lawyers , businessmen , teachers , etc. - will be recruited initially as " Social Crusaders " in typically " innocuous " movements in the area of operations .
When their " involvement " with the clandestine organization is revealed to them , this supplies the psychological pressure to use them as " inside cadres " in groups to which they already belong or of which they can be members .
Then they will receive instruction in techniques of persuasion over control of target groups to support our democratic revolution , through a gradual and skillful process .
A cell control system isolates individuals from one another , and at the appropriate moment , their influence is used for the fusion of groups in a united national front .
6. Control of Meetings and Mass Assemblies [ edit ]
The control of mass meetings in support of guerrilla warfare is carried out internally through a covert commando element , bodyguards , messengers , shock forces ( initiators of incidents ) , placard carriers ( also used for making signals ) , shouters of slogans , everything under the control of the outside commando element .
When the cadres are placed or recruited in organizations such as labor unions , youth groups , agrarian organizations or professional associations , they will begin to manipulate the objectives of the groups .
The psychological apparatus of our movement through inside cadres prepares a mental attitude which at the crucial moment can be turned into a fury of justified violence .
Through a small group of guerrillas infiltrated within the masses this can be carried out ; they will have the mission of agitating by giving the impression that there are many of them and that they have a large popular backing .
Using the tactics of a force of 200-300 agitators , a demonstration can be created in which 10,000 - 20,000 persons take part .
The support of local contacts who are familiar with the deep reality is achieved through the exploitation of the social and political weaknesses of the target society , with propagandist - combatant guerrillas , armed propaganda , armed propaganda teams , cover organizations and mass meetings .
The combatant - propagandist guerrilla is the result of a continuous program of indoctrination and motivation .
They will have the mission of showing the people how great and fair our movement is in the eyes of all Nicaraguans and the world .
Identifying themselves with our people , they will increase the sympathy towards our movement , which will result in greater support of the population for the freedom commandos , taking away support for the regime in power .
Armed propaganda will extend this identification process of the people with the Christian guerrillas , providing converging points against the Sandinista regime .
The Armed Propaganda Teams provide a several - stage program of persuasive planning in guerrilla warfare in all areas of the country .
Also , these teams are the " eyes and ears " of our movement .
The development and control of the cover organizations in guerrilla warfare will give our movement the ability to create a " whiplash " effect within the population when the order for fusion is given .
When the infiltration and internal subjective control have been developed in a manner parallel to other guerrilla activities , a comandante of ours will literally be able to shake up the Sandinista structure , and replace it .
The mass assemblies and meetings are the culmination of a wide base support among the population , and it comes about in the later phases of the operation .
This is the moment in which the overthrow can be achieved and our revolution can become an open one , requiring the close collaboration of the entire population of the country , and of contacts with their roots in reality .
The tactical effort in guerrilla warfare is directed at the weaknesses of the enemy and at destroying their military resistance capacity , and should be parallel to a psychological effort to weaken and destroy their sociopolitical capacity at the same time .
In guerrilla warfare , more than in any other type of military effort , the psychological activities should be simultaneous with the military ones , in order to achieve the objectives desired .
COMBATANT -PROPAGANDIST
GUERRILLA [ edit ]
1. Generalities [ edit ]
The objective of this section is to familiarize the guerrilla with the techniques of psychological operations , which maximizes the social - psychological effect of a guerrilla movement , converting the guerrilla into a propagandist , in addition to being a combatant .
The nature of the environment in guerrilla warfare does not permit sophisticated facilities for psychological operations , so that use should be made of the effective face - to - face persuasion of each guerrilla .
2. Political Awareness [ edit ]
The individual political awareness of the guerrilla , the reason for his struggle , will be as important as his ability in combat .
This political awareness and motivation will be achieved :
By improving the combat potential of the guerrilla by improving his motivation for fighting .
By the guerrilla recognizing himself as a vital tie between the democratic guerrillas and the people , whose support is essential for the subsistence of both .
By fostering the support of the population for the national insurgence through the support for the guerrillas of the locale , which provides a psychological basis in the population for politics after the victory has been achieved .
By developing trust in the guerrillas and in the population , for the reconstruction of a local and national government .
By promoting the value of participation by the guerrillas and the people in the civic affairs of the insurrection and in the national programs .
By developing in each guerrilla the ability of persuasion face - to - face , at the local level , to win the support of the population , which is essential for success in guerrilla warfare .
3. Group Dynamics [ edit ]
This political awareness - building and motivation are attained by the use of group dynamics at the level of small units .
The group discussion method and self - criticism are a general guerrilla training and operations technique .
Group discussions raise the spirit and increase the unity of thought in small guerrilla groups and exercise social pressure on the weakest members to better carry out their mission in training and future combat actions .
These group discussions will give special emphasis to :
Creating a favorable opinion of our movement .
Through local and national history , make it clear that the Sandinista regime is " foreignizing , " " repressive " and " imperialistic , " and that even though there are some Nicaraguans within the government , point out that they are " puppets " of the power of the Soviets and Cubans , i.e. of foreign power .
Always a local focus .
Matters of an international nature will be explained only in support of local events in the guerrilla warfare .
The unification of the nation is our goal .
This means that the defeat of the Sandinista armed forces is our priority .
Our insurrectional movement is a pluralistic political platform from which we are determined to win freedom , equality , a better economy with work facilities , a higher standard of living , a true democracy for all Nicaraguans without exception .
Providing to each guerrilla clear understanding about the struggle for national sovereignty against Soviet - Cuban imperialism .
Discussion guides will lead the guerrillas so that they will see the injustices of the Sandinista system .
Showing each guerrilla the need for good behavior to win the support of the population .
Discussion guides should convince the guerrillas that the attitude and opinion of the population play a decisive role , because victory is impossible without popular support .
Self - criticism will be in constructive terms that will contribute to the mission of the movement , and which will provide the guerrillas with the conviction that they have a constant and positive individual responsibility in the mission of the group .
The method of instruction will be :
a ) division of the guerrilla force into squads for group discussions , including command and support elements , whenever the tactical situation permits it .
The makeup of the small units should be maintained when these groups are designated .
b ) Assignment of a political cadre in the guerrilla force to each group to guide the discussion .
The squad leader should help the cadre to foster study and the expression of thoughts .
If there are not enough political cadres for each squad or post , leaders should guide the discussions , and the available cadres visit alternate groups .
c ) It is appropriate for the cadre ( or the leader ) to guide the discussion of a group to cover a number of points and to reach a correct conclusion .
The guerrillas should feel that it was their free and own decision .
THe cadre should serve as a private teacher .
The cadre or leader will not act as a lecturer , but will help the members of the group to study and express their own opinions .
d ) The political cadre will at the end of every discussion make a summary of the principal points , leading them to the correct conclusions .
Any serious difference with the objectives of the movement should be noted by the cadre and reported to the comandante of the force .
If necessary , a combined group meeting will be held and the team of political cadres will explain and rectify the misunderstanding .
e ) Democratic conduct by the political cadres : living , eating and working with the guerrillas , and if possible , fighting at their side , sharing their living conditions .
All of this will foster understanding and the spirit of cooperation that will help in the discussion and exchange of ideas .
f ) Carry out group discussions in towns , and areas of operations whenever possible with the civilian population , and not limit them to camps or bases .
This is done to emphasize the revolutionary nature of the struggle and to demonstrate that the guerrillas identified with the objectives of the people move about within the population .
The guerrilla projects himself toward the people , as the political cadre does toward the guerrilla , and they should live , eat and work together to realize a unity of revolutionary thought .
The principles for guerrilla and political - cadre group discussions are :
Organize discussion groups at the post or squad level .
A cadre cannot be sure of the comprehension and acceptance of the concepts and conclusions by guerrillas in large groups .
In a group of the size of a squad of 10 men , the judgement and control of the situation is greater .
In this way , all students will participate in an exchange among them ; the political leader , the group leader , and also the political cadre .
Special attention will be given to the individual ability to discuss the objectives of the insurrectional struggle .
Whenever a guerrilla expresses his opinion , he will be interested in listening to the opinions of others , leading as a result to the unity of thought .
Combine the different points of view and reach an opinion or common conclusion .
This is the most difficult task of a political guerrilla cadre .
After the group discussions of the democratic objectives of the movement , the chief of the team of political cadres of the guerrilla force should combine the conclusions of individual groups in a general summary .
At a meeting with all the discussion groups , the cadre shall provide the principal points , and the guerrillas will have the opportunity to clarify or modify their points of view .
To carry this out , the conclusions will be summarized in the form of slogans , wherever possible .
Face with honesty the national and local problems of our struggle .
The political cadres should always be prepared to discuss solutions to the problems observed by the guerrillas .
During the discussions , the guerrillas should be guided by the following three principles :
Freedom of thought .
Freedom of expression .
Concentration of thoughts on the objectives of the democratic struggle .
The result desired is a guerrilla who in a persuasive manner can justify all of his acts whenever he is in contact with any member of the town / people , and especially with himself and with his guerrilla companions by facing the vicissitudes of guerrilla warfare .
This means that every guerrilla will come to have effective face - to - face persuasion as a combatant - propagandist in his contact with the people , to the point of giving 5 - 10 logical reasons why , e.g. a peasant should give him a piece of cloth , or a needle and thread to mend his clothes .
When behaves in this manner , no type of propaganda of the enemy will be able to make a " terrorist " of him in the eyes of the people .
In addition , hunger , cold , fatigue and insecurity in the existence of the guerrilla acquire meaning in the cause of the struggle due to the constant psychological orientation .
4. Camp Procedures [ edit ]
Encamping the guerrilla units gives greater motivation , in addition to reducing distractions , and increases the spirit of cooperation of small units , relating the physical environment to the psychological one .
The squad chief shall establish the regular camping procedure .
Once thy have divested themselves of their packs , the chief will choose the appropriate ground for camping .
He should select land that predominates over the zone with two or three escape routes .
He will choose among his men and give them responsibilities such as :
Clean the camp area .
Provide adequate drainage in case of rain .
Also build some trenches or holes for marksmen in case of emergency .
In addition , he will build a stove , which will be done by making some small trenches and placing three rocks in place ; in case the stove is built on a pedestal , it will be filled with clay and rocks .
Build a windbreaking wall , which will be covered on the sides and on the top with branches and leaves of the same vegetation of the zones .
This will serve for camouflaging and protecting it from aerial visibility or from enemy patrols around .
Construct a latrine and a hole where waste and garbage will be buried , which should be covered over at the time of abandoning the camp .
Once the camp has been set up , it is recommended that a watchman be positioned in the places of access at a prudent distance , where the shout of alarm can be heard .
In the same moment the password will be established , which should be changed every 24 hours .
The commander should establish ahead of time an alternate meeting point , in case of having to abandon the camp in a hurried manner , and they will be able to meet in the other already established point , and they should warn the patrol that if at a particular time they cannot meet at the established point , the should have a third meeting point .
These procedures contribute to the motivation of the guerrilla and improve the spirit of cooperation in the unit .
The danger , sense of insecurity , anxiety and daily concern in the life of a guerrilla require tangible evidence of belonging in an order for him to keep up his spirit and morale .
In addition to the good physical conditions in which the guerrilla should find himself , good psychological conditions are necessary , for which group discussions and becoming a self=critic are recommended , which will greatly benefit the spirit and morale of the same .
Having broken camp with the effort and cooperation of everyone strengthens the spirit of the group .
The guerrilla will be inclined then towards the unity of thought in democratic objectives .
5. Interaction with the People [ edit ]
In order to ensure popular support , essential for the good development of guerrilla warfare , the leaders should induce a positive interaction between the civilians and the guerrillas , through the principle of " live , eat , and work with the people , " and maintain control of their activities .
In group discussions , the leaders and political cadres should give emphasis to positively identifying themselves with the people .
It is not recommendable to speak of military tactical plans in discussions with civilians .
The Communist foe should be pointed out as the number one enemy of the people , and as a secondary threat against our guerrilla forces .
Whenever there is a chance , groups of members should be chosen who have a high political awareness and high disciplinary conduct in the work to be carried out , in order to be sent to the populous areas in order to direct the armed propaganda , where they should persuade the people through dialogue in face - to - face confrontations , where these principles should be followed :
Respect for human rights and others ' property .
Helping the people in community work .
Protecting the people from Communist aggressions .
Teaching the people environmental hygiene , to read , etc. , in order to win their trust , which will lead to a better democratic ideological preparation .
This attitude will foster the sympathy of the peasants for our movement , and they will immediately become one of us , through logistical support , coverage and intelligence information on the enemy or participation in combat .
The guerrillas should be persuasive through the word and not dictatorial with weapons .
If they behave in this way , the people will feel respected , will be more inclined to accept our message and will consolidate into popular support .
In any place in which tactical guerrilla operations are carried out in populous areas , the squad should undertake psychological actions parallel to these , and should proceed , accompany and consolidate the common objective and explain to all the people about our struggle , explaining that our presence is to give peace , liberty and democracy to all Nicaraguans without exception , and explaining that out struggle is not against the nationals but rather against Russian imperialism .
This will serve to ensure greater Psychological achievements which will increase the operations of the future .
6. Conclusions [ edit ]
The nature of the environment in guerrilla warfare does not permit sophisticated facilities for psychological operations , and the face - to - face persuasion of the guerrilla combatant - propagandists with the people is an effective and available tool which we should use as much as possible during the process of the struggle .
ARMED PROPAGANDA [ edit ]
1. Generalities [ edit ]
Frequently a misunderstanding exists on " armed propaganda , " that this tactic is a compulsion of the people with arms .
In reality , it does not include compulsion , but the guerrilla should know well the principles and methods of this tactic .
The objective of this section is to give the guerrilla student an understanding of the armed propaganda that should be used , and that will be able to be applied in guerrilla warfare .
2. Close Identification with the People [ edit ]
Armed propaganda includes all acts carried out by an armed force , whose results improve the attitude of the people toward this force , and it does not include forced indoctrination .
This is carried out by a close identification with the people on any occasion .
For example :
Putting aside weapons and working side by side with the peasants in the countryside : building , fishing , repairing roofs , transporting water , etc .
When working with the people , the guerrillas can use slogans such as " many hands doing small things , but doing them together . "
Participating in the tasks of the people , they can establish a strong tie between them and the guerrillas and at the same time a popular support for our movement is generated .
During the patrols and other operations around or in the midst of villages , each guerrilla should be respectful and courteous with the people .
In addition he should move with care and always be well prepared to fight , if necessary .
But he should not always see all the people as enemies , with suspicions or hostility .
Even in war , it is possible to smile , laugh or greet people .
Truly , the cause of our revolutionary base , the reason why we are struggling , is our people .
We must be respectful to them on all occasions that present themselves .
In places and situations wherever possible , e.g. when they are resting during the march , the guerrillas can explain the operation of weapons to the youths and young men .
They can show them an unloaded rifle so that they will learn to load it and unload it ; their use , and aiming at imaginary targets they are potential recruits for our forces .
The guerrillas should always be prepared with simple slogans in order to explain to the people , whether in an intentional form or by chance , the reason for the weapons .
" The weapons will be for winning freedom ; the are for you . "
" With weapons we can impose demands such as hospitals , schools , better roads , and social services for the people , for you . "
" Our weapons are , in truth , the weapons of the people , yours . "
" With weapons we can change the Sandino - Communist regime and return to the people a true democracy so that we will all have economic opportunities . "
All of this should be designed to create an identification of the people with the weapons and the guerrillas who carry them .
Finally , we should make the people feel that we are thinking of them and that the weapons are the people 's , in order to help them and protect them from a Communist , totalitarian , imperialist regime , indifferent to the needs of the population .
3. Implicit and Explicit Terror [ edit ]
A guerrilla armed force always involves implicit terror because the population , without saying it aloud , feels terror that the weapons may be used against them .
However , if the terror does not become explicit , positive results can be expected .
In a revolution , the individual lives under a constant threat of physical damage .
If the government police cannot put an end to the guerrilla activities , the population will lose confidence in the government , which has the inherent mission of guaranteeing the safety of citizens .
However , the guerrillas should be careful not to become an explicit terror , because this would result in a loss of popular support .
In the words of a leader of the Huk guerrilla movement of the Philippine Islands : " The population is always impressed by weapons , not by the terror that they cause , but rather by a sensation of strength / force .
We must appear before the people , giving them the message of the struggle . "
This is , then , in a few words , the essence of armed propaganda .
An armed guerrilla force can occupy an entire town or small city that is neutral or relatively passive in the conflict .
In order to conduct the armed propaganda in an effective manner , the following should be carried out simultaneously :
Destroy the military or police installations and remove the survivors to a " public place . "
Cut all the outside lines of communications : cables , radio , messengers .
Set up ambushes in order to delay the reinforcements in all the possible entry routes .
Kidnap all officials or agents of the Sandinista government and replace them in " public Places " with military or civilian persons of trust to our movement ; in addition , carry out the following :
Establish a public tribunal that depends on the guerrillas , and cover the town or city in order to gather the population for this event .
Shame , ridicule and humiliate the " personal symbols " of the government of repression in the presence of the people and foster popular participation through guerrillas within the multitude , shouting slogans and jeers .
Reduce the influence of individuals in tune with the regime , pointing out their weaknesses and taking them out of the town , without damaging them publicly .
Mix the guerrillas within the population and show very good conduct by all members of the column , practicing the following :
Any article taken will be paid for with cash .
The hospitality offered by the people will be accepted and this opportunity will be exploited in order to carry out face - to - face persuasion about the struggle .
Courtesy visits should be made to the prominent persons and those with prestige in the place , such as doctors , priests , teachers , etc .
The guerrillas should instruct the population that with the end of the operative , and when the Sandinista repressive forces interrogate them , they may reveal EVERYTHING about the military operation carried out .
For example , the type of weapons they use , ho many men arrived , from what direction they came and in what direction they left , in short , EVERYTHING .
In addition , indicate to the population that at meetings or in private discussion they can give the names of the Sandinista informants , who will be removed together with the other officials of the government of repression .
When a meeting is held , conclude it with a speech by one of the leaders of guerrilla political cadres ( the most dynamic ) , which includes explicit references to :
The fact that the " enemies of the people " -- the officials or Sandinista agents -- must not be mistreated in spite of their criminal acts , although the guerrilla force may have suffered casualties , and that this is done due to the generosity of the Christian guerrillas .
Give a declaration of gratitude for the " hospitality " of the population , as well as let them know that the risks that they will run when the Sandinistas return are greatly appreciated .
The fact that the Sandinista regime , although it exploits the people with taxes , control of money , grains and all aspects of public life through associations , which they are forced to become part of , will not be able to resist the attacks of our guerrilla forces .
Make the promise to the people that you will return to ensure that the " leeches " of the Sandinista regime of repression will not be able to hinder our guerrillas from integrating with the population .
A statement repeated to the population to the effect that they can reveal everything about this visit of our commandos , because we are not afraid of anything or anyone , neither the Soviets nor the Cubans .
Emphasize that we are Nicaraguans , that we are fighting for the freedom of Nicaragua and to establish a very Nicaraguan government .
4. Guerrilla Weapons Are The Strength of the People over an Illegal Government [ edit ]
The armed propaganda in populated areas does not give the impression that weapons are the power of the guerrillas over the people , but rather that the weapons are the strength of the people against a regime of repression .
Whenever it is necessary to use armed force in an occupation or visit to a town or village , guerrillas should emphasize making sure that they :
Explain to the population that in the first place this is being done to protect them , the people , and not themselves .
Admit frankly and publicly that this is an " act of the democratic guerrilla movement , " with appropriate explanations .
That this action , although it is not desirable , is necessary because the final objective of the insurrection is a free and democratic society , where acts of force are not necessary .
The force of weapons is a necessity caused by the oppressive system , and will cease to exist when the " forces of justice " of our movement assume control .
If , for example , it should be necessary for one of the advanced posts to have to fire on a citizen who was trying to leave the town or city in which the guerrillas are carrying out armed propaganda or political proselytism , the following is recommended :
Explain that if that citizen had managed to escape , he would have alerted the enemy that is near the town or city , and they could carry out acts of reprisal such as rapes , pillage , destruction , captures , etc. , it this way terrorizing the inhabitants of the place for having given attention and hospitalities to the guerrillas of the town .
If a guerrilla fires at an individual , make the town see that he was an enemy of the people , and that they shot him because the guerrilla recognized as their first duty the protection of citizens .
The command tried to detain the informant without firing because he , like all Christian guerrillas , espouses nonviolence .
Firing at the Sandinista informant , although it is against his own will , was necessary to prevent the repression of the Sandinista government against innocent people .
Make the population see that it was the repressive system of the regime that was the cause of this situation , what really killed the informer , and that the weapon fired was one recovered in combat against the Sandinista regime .
Make the population see that if the Sandinista regime had ended the repression , the corruption backed by foreign powers , etc. , the freedom commandos would not have had to brandish arms against brother Nicaraguans , which goes against our Christian sentiments .
If the informant had n't tried to escape he would be enjoying life together with the rest of the population , because not have tried to inform the enemy .
This death would have been avoided if justice and freedom existed in Nicaragua , which is exactly the objective of the democratic guerrilla .
5. Selective Use of Violence for Propagandistic Effects [ edit ]
It is possible to neutralize carefully selected and planned targets , such as court judges , mesta judges , police and State Security officials , CDS chiefs , etc .
For psychological purposes it is necessary to gather together the population affected , so that they will be present , take part in the act , and formulate accusations against the oppressor .
The target or person should be chosen on the basis of :
The spontaneous hostility that the majority of the population feels toward the target .
Use rejection or potential hatred by the majority of the population affected toward the target , stirring up the population and making them see all the negative and hostile actions of the individual against the people .
If the majority of the people give their support or backing to the target or subject , do not try to change these sentiments through provocation .
Relative difficulty of controlling the person who will replace the target .
The person who will replace the target should be chosen carefully , based on :
Degree of violence necessary to carry out the change .
Degree of violence acceptable to the population affected .
Degree of predictable reprisal by the enemy on the population affected or other individuals in the area of the target .
The mission to replace the individual should be followed by :
Extensive explanation within the population affected of the reason why it was necessary for the good of the people .
Explain that Sandinista retaliation is unjust , indiscriminate , and above all , a justification for the execution of this mission .
Carefully test the reaction of the people toward the mission , as well as control this reaction , making sure that the populations reaction is beneficial towards the Freedom Commandos .
6. Conclusions [ edit ]
Armed propaganda includes all acts executed and the impact achieved by an armed force , which as a result produces positive attitudes in the population toward this force , and it does not include forced indoctrination .
However , armed propaganda is the most effective available instrument of a guerrilla force .
ARMED PROPAGANDA TEAMS ( APTs ) [ edit ]
1. Generalities [ edit ]
In contact with the very reality of their roots , in a psychological operation campaign in guerrilla warfare , the comandantes will be able to obtain maximum psychological results from an Armed Propaganda program .
This section is to inform the guerrilla student as to what Armed Propaganda Teams are in the environment of guerrilla warfare .
2. Combination : Political Awareness and Armed Propaganda [ edit ]
The Armed Propaganda Teams combine political awareness - building with armed propaganda , which will be carried out by carefully selected guerrillas ( preferably with experience in combat ) , for personal persuasion within the population .
The selection of the staff is more important than the training , because we cannot train guerrilla cadres just to show the sensations of ardor and fervor , which are essential for person - to - person persuasion .
More important is the training of persons who are intellectually agile and developed .
An Armed Propaganda Team includes from 6 to 10 members ; this number or a smaller number is ideal , since there is more camaraderie , solidarity and group spirit .
The themes to deal with are assimilated more rapidly and the members react more rapidly to unforeseen situations .
In addition to the combination as armed propagandist - combatant each member of the team should be well prepared to carry out permanent person - to - person communication , face - to - face .
The leader of the group should be the commando who is the most highly motivated politically and the most effective in face - to - face persuasion .
The position , hierarchy or range will not be decisive for carrying out that function , but rather who is best qualified for communication with the people .
The source of basic recruitment for guerrilla cadres will be the same social groups of Nicaraguans to whom the psychological campaign is directed , such as peasants , students , professionals , housewives , etc .
The campesinos ( peasants ) should be made to see that they do not have lands ; the workers that the State is putting an end to factories and industries ; the doctors , that they are being replaced by Cuban paramedics , and that as doctors they cannot practice their profession due to lack of medicines .
A requirement for recruiting them will be their ability to express themselves in public .
The selection of the personnel is more important than the training .
The political awareness - building and the individual capabilities of persuasion will be shown in the group discussions for motivation of the guerrilla as a propagandist - combatant chosen as cadres to organize them in teams , that is , those who have the greatest capacity for this work .
The training of guerrillas for Armed Propaganda Teams emphasizes the method and not the content .
A two - week training period is sufficient if the recruitment is done in the form indicated .
If a mistaken process of recruitment has been followed , however good the training provided , the individual chosen will not yield a very good result .
The training should be intensive for 14 days , through team discussions , alternating the person who leads the discussion among the members of the group .
The subjects to be dealt with will be the same , each day a different theme being presented , for a varied practice .
The themes should refer to the conditions of the place and the meaning that they have for the inhabitants of the locality , such as talking of crops , fertilizers , seeds , irrigation of crops , etc .
They can also include the following topics :
Sawed wood , carpenters ' tools for houses or other buildings .
Boats , roads , horses , oxen for transportation , fishing , agriculture .
Problems that they may have in the place with residents , offices of the regime , imposed visitors , etc .
Force labor , service in the militia .
Forced membership in Sandinista groups , such as women 's clubs , youth associations , workers ' groups , etc .
Availability and prices of consumer articles and of basic needs in the grocery stores and shops of the place .
Characteristics of education in the public schools .
Anxiety of the people over the presence of Cuban teachers in the schools and the intrusion of politics , i.e. using them for political ends and not educational ones as should be .
Indignation over the lack of freedom of worship , and persecution , of which priests are victims ; and over the participation of priests such as Escoto and Cardenal in the Sandinista government , against the explicit orders of his Holiness , the Pope .
NOTE : Members of the team can develop other themes .
The target groups for the Armed Propaganda Teams are not the persons with sophisticated political knowledge , but rather those whose opinion are formed from what they see and hear .
The cadres should use persuasion to carry out their mission .
Some of the persuasive methods that they can use are the following :
Interior Group / Exterior Group .
It is a principle of psychology that we humans have the tendency to form personal associations from " we " and " the others , " or " we " and " they " , " friends " and " enemies , " " fellow countrymen " and " foreigners , " " mestizos " and " gringos . "
The Armed Propaganda Team can use this principle in its activities , so that it is obvious that the " exterior " groups ( " false " groups ) are those of the Sandinista regime , and that the " interior " groups ( " true " groups ) that fight for the people are the Freedom Commandos .
We should inculcate this in the people in a subtle manner so that these feelings seem to be born of themselves , spontaneously .
" Against " is much easier that " for . "
It is a principle of political science that it is easier to persuade the people to vote against something or someone than to persuade them to vote in favor of something or someone .
Although currently the regime has not given the Nicaraguan people the opportunity to vote , it is known that the people will vote in opposition , so that the Armed Propaganda Teams can use this principle in favor of our insurrectional struggle .
They should ensure that this campaign is directed specifically against the government or its sympathizers , since the people should have specific targets for their frustrations .
Primary Groups and Secondary Groups .
Another principle of sociology is that we humans forge or change our opinions from two sources : primarily , through our association with our family , comrades , or intimate friends ; and secondarily , through distant associations such as acquaintances in churches , clubs or committees , labor unions or governmental organizations .
The Armed Propaganda
Team cadres should join the first groups in order to persuade them to follow the policies of our movement , because it is from this type of group that the opinions or changes of opinion come .
Techniques of Persuasion in Talks or Speeches :
Be Simple and Concise .
You should avoid the use of difficult words or expressions and prefer popular words and expressions , i.e. the language of the people .
In dealing with a person you should make use of concise language , avoiding complicated words .
It is important to remember that we use oratory to make our people understand the reason for our struggle , and not to show off our knowledge .
Use Lively and Realistic Examples .
Avoid abstract concepts , such as are used in universities in the advanced years , and in place of them , give concrete examples such as children playing , horses galloping , birds in flight , etc .
Use Gestures to Communicate .
Communication , in addition to being verbal , can be through gestures , such as using our hands expressively , back movements , facial expressions , focusing of our look and other aspects of " body language , " projecting the individual personality in the message .
Use the Appropriate Tone of Voice .
If , on addressing the people , you talk about happiness , a happy tone should be used .
If you talk of something sad , the tone of the voice should be one of sadness ; on talking of a heroic or brave act , the voice should be animated , etc .
Above All , Be Natural , Imitation of others should be avoided , since the people , especially simple people , easily distinguish a fake .
The individual personality should be projected when addressing the population .
3. " Eyes and Ears " Within the Population [ edit ]
The amount of information for intelligence that will be generated by the deployment of the Armed Propaganda Teams will allow us to cover a large area with out commandos , who will become the eyes and ears of our movement within the population :
The combined reports of an Armed Propaganda Team will provide us with exact details on the enemy activities .
The intelligence information obtained by the Armed Propaganda Teams should be reported to the chiefs .
However , it is necessary to emphasize that the first mission of the Armed Propaganda Teams is to carry out psychological operations , not to obtain data for intelligence .
Any intelligence report will be made through the outside contact of the Armed Propaganda Team , in order not to compromise the population .
The Armed Propaganda cadres are able to do what others in a guerrilla campaign cannot do : determine personally the development or deterioration of the popular support and the sympathy or hostility that the people feel toward our movement .
The Armed Propaganda Team program , in addition to being very effective psychologically , increases the guerrilla capacity in obtaining and using information .
In addition , the Armed Propaganda cadre will report to his superior the reaction of the people to the radio broadcasts , the insurrectional flyers , or any other means of propaganda of ours .
Expressions or gestures of the eyes , or face , the tone and strength of the voice , and the use of the appropriate words greatly affect the face - to- face persuasion of the people .
With the intelligence reports supplied by the Armed Propaganda Teams , the comandantes will be able to have exact knowledge of the popular support , which they will make use of in their operations .
4. Psychological Tactics , Maximum Flexibility [ edit ]
Psychological tactics will have the greatest flexibility within a general plan , permitting a continuous and immediate adjustment of the message , and ensuring that an impact is caused on the indicated target group at the moment in which it is the most susceptible .
Tactically , an Armed Propaganda Equipment program should cover the majority and if possible all of the operational area .
The communities in which this propaganda is carried out should not necessarily form political units with an official nature .
A complete understanding of their structure or organization is not necessary because the cadres will work by applying socio-political action and not academic theory .
The target populations of the Armed Propaganda Teams will be chosen for being part of the operational area , and not for their size or amount of land .
The objective should be the people and not the territorial area .
In this respect , each work team will be able to cover some six towns approximately , in order to develop popular support for our movement .
The Team should always move in a covert manner within the towns of their area .
They should vary their route radically , but not their itinerary , .
This is so that the inhabitants who are cooperating will be dependent on their itinerary , i.e. , the hour in which they can frequently contact them to give them the information .
The danger of betrayal or an ambush can be neutralized by varying the itinerary a little , using different routes , as well as arriving or leaving without previous warning .
Whenever the surprise factor is used , vigilance should be kept in order to detect the possible presence of hostile elements .
No more than three consecutive days should be spent in a town .
The limit of three days has obvious tactical advantages , but it also has a psychological effect on the people , on seeing the team as a source of current and up - to - date information .
Also , it can overexpose the target audience and cause a negative reaction .
Basic tactical precautions should be taken .
This is necessary for greater effectiveness , as was indicated in dealing with the subject of " Armed Propaganda , " and when it is carried out discreetly , it increases the respect of the people for the team and increases their credibility .
The basic procedures are : covert elements that carry out vigilance before and after the departure and in intervals .
There should be two at least , and they should meet at a predetermined point upon a signal , or in view of any hostile action .
The team 's goal is to motivate the entire population of a place , but to constantly remain aware that defined target groups exist within this general configuration of the public .
Although meetings may be held in the population , the cadres should recognize and keep in contact with the target groups , mixing with them before , during and after the meeting .
The method for holding this type of meeting was included in the topic " Armed Propaganda , " and will be covered in greater detail under the title " Control of Mass Meetings and Demonstrations . "
The basic focus of the Armed Propaganda cadres should be on the residents of the town , where their knowledge as formers of opinion can be applied .
In the first visits of identification with the inhabitants , the guerrilla cadres will be courteous and humble .
They can work in the fields or in any other form in which their abilities can contribute to the improvement of the living style of the inhabitants of the place , winning their trust and talking with them ; helping to repair the fences of their cattle ; the cleaning of the same , collaborating in the vaccination of their animals ; teaching them to read , i.e. , closely together in all the tasks of the peasant or the community .
In his free time , our guerrilla should mix in with the community groups and participate with them in pastoral activities , parties , birthdays , and even in wakes or burials of the members of said community ; he will try to converse with both adults and adolescents .
| He will try to penetrate to the heart of the family , in order to win the acceptance and trust of all of the residents of that sector .
The Armed Propaganda
Team cadres will give ideological training , mixing these instructions with folkloric songs , and at the same time he will tell stories that have some attraction , making an effort to make them refer to heroic acts of our ancestors .
He will also try to tell stories of heroism of our combatants in the present struggle so that listeners try to imitate them .
It is important to let them know that there are other countries in the world where freedom and democracy cause those governing to be concerned over the well - being of their people , so that the children have medical care and free education ; where also they are concerned that everyone have work and food , and all freedoms such as those of religion , association and expression ; where the greatest objective of the government is to keep its people happy .
The cadres should not make mention of their political ideology during the first phase of identification with the people , and they should orient their talks to things that are pleasing to the peasants or the listeners , trying to be as simple as possible in order to be understood .
The tactical objectives for identification with the people are the following :
To establish tight relations through identification with the people , through their very customs .
To determine the basic needs and desires of the different target groups .
To discover the weaknesses of the governmental control .
Little by little , to sow the seed of democratic revolution , in order to change the vices of the regime towards a new order of justice and collective well - being .
In the motivation of the target groups , by the Armed Propaganda Teams , the cadre should apply themes of " true ~ groups and themes of " false " groups .
The true group will correspond to the target group and the false one to the Sandinista regime .
For the economic interest groups , such as small businessmen and farmers , it should be emphasized that their potential progress is " limited " by the Sandinista government , that resources are scarcer and scarcer , the earnings / profits minimal , taxes high , etc .
This can be applied to entrepreneurs of transportation and others .
For the elements ambitious for power and social positions , it will be emphasized that they will never be able to belong to the governmental social class , since they are hermetic in their circle of command .
Example , the nine Sandinista leaders do not allow other persons to participate in the government , and they hinder the development of the economic and social potential of those like him , who have desires of overcoming this , which is unjust and arbitrary .
Social and intellectual criticisms .
They should be directed at the professionals , professors , teachers , priests , missionaries , students and others .
Make them see that their writings , commentaries or conversations are censored , which does not make it possible to correct these problems .
Once the needs and frustrations of the target groups have been determined , the hostility of the people to the " false " groups will become more direct , against the current regime and its system of repression .
The people will be made to see that once this system or structure has been eliminated , the cause of their frustration s would be eliminated and they would be able to fulfill their desires .
It should be shown to the population that supporting the insurrection is really supporting their own desires , since the democratic movement is aimed at the elimination of these specific problems .
As a general rule , the Armed Propaganda teams should avoid participating in combat .
However , if this is not possible , they should react as a guerrilla unit with tactics of " hit and run , " causing the enemy the greatest amount of casualties with aggressive assault fire , recovering enemy weapons and withdrawing rapidly .
One exception to the rule to avoid combat will be when in the town they are challenged by hostile actions , whether by an individual or whether by a number of men of an enemy team .
The hostility of one or two men can be overcome by eliminating the enemy in a rapid and effective manner .
This is the most common danger .
When the enemy is equal in the number of its forces , there should be an immediate retreat , and then the enemy should be ambushed or eliminated by means of sharp - shooters .
In any of the cases , the Armed Propaganda Team cadres should not turn the town into a battleground .
Generally , our guerrilla will be better armed , so that they will obtain greater respect from the population if they carry out appropriate maneuvers instead of endangering their lives , or even destroying their houses in an encounter with the enemy within the town .
5. A Comprehensive Team Program - Mobile Infrastructure [ edit ]
The psychological operations through the Armed Propaganda Teams include the infiltration of key guerrilla communicators ( i.e. , Armed Propaganda Team cadres ) into the population of the country , instead of sending messages to them through outside sources , thus creating our " mobile infrastructure . "
A " mobile infrastructure " is a cadre of our Armed Propaganda Team moving about , i.e. , keeping in touch with six or more populations , from which his source of information will come ; and at the same time it will serve so that at the appropriate time they will become integrated in the complete guerrilla movement .
In this way , an Armed Propaganda Team program in the operational area builds for our comandantes in the countryside constant source of data gathering ( infrastructure ) in all the area .
It is also a means for developing or increasing popular support , for recruiting new members and for obtaining provisions .
In addition , an Armed Propaganda Team program allows the expansion of the guerrilla movement , since they can penetrate areas that are not under the control of the combat units .
In this way , through an exact evaluation of the combat units they will be able to plan their operations more precisely , since they will have certain knowledge of the existing conditions .
The comandantes will remember that this type of operation is similar to the Fifth Column , which was used in the first part of the Second World War , and which through infiltration and subversion tactics allowed the Germans to penetrate the target countries before the invasions .
They managed to enter Poland , Belgium , Holland and France in a month , and Norway in a week .
The effectiveness of this tactic has been clearly demonstrated in several wars and can be used effectively by the Freedom Commandos .
The activities of the Armed Propaganda Teams run some risks , but no more than any other guerrilla activity .
However , the Armed Propaganda Teams are essential for the success of the struggle .
6. Conclusions [ edit ]
In the same way that the explorers are the " eyes and " ears " of a patrol , or of a column on the march , the Armed Propaganda Teams are also the source of information , the " antennas " of our movement , because they find and exploit the sociopolitical weaknesses in the target society , making possible a successful operation .
DEVELOPMENT AND CONTROL OF FRONT ORGANIZATIONS [ edit ]
1. Generalities [ edit ]
The development and control of front organizations ( or " facade " organizations ) is an essential process in the guerrilla effort to carry out the insurrection .
That is , in truth , an aspect of urban guerrilla warfare , but it should advance parallel to the campaign in the rural area .
This section has as its objective to give the guerrilla student an understanding of the development and control of front organizations in guerrilla warfare .
2. Initial Recruitment [ edit ]
The initial recruitment to the movement , if it is involuntary , will be carried out through several " private " consultations with a cadre ( without his knowing that he is talking to a member of ours ) .
Then , the recruit will be informed that he or she is already inside the movement , and he will be exposed to the police of the regime if he or she does not cooperate .
When the guerrillas carry out missions of armed propaganda and a program of regular visits to the towns by the Armed Propaganda Teams , these contacts will provide the commandos with the names and places of persons who can be recruited .
The recruitment , which will be voluntary , is done through visits by guerrilla leaders or political cadres .
After a chain of voluntary recruitments has been developed , and the trustworthiness of the recruits has been established by their carrying out small missions , they will be instructed about increasing / widening the chain by recruiting in specific target groups , in accordance with the following procedure :
From among their acquaintances or through observation of the target groups - political parties , workers ' unions , youth groups , agrarian associations , etc. - finding out the personal habits , preferences and biases , as well as the weaknesses of the " recruitable " individuals .
Make an approach through an acquaintance , and if possible , develop a friendship , attracting him through his preferences or weaknesses : it might be inviting him for lunch in the restaurant of his choice or having a drink in his favorite cantina or an invitation to dinner in the place he prefers .
Recruitment should follow one of the following guidelines :
If in an informal conversation the target seems susceptible to voluntary recruitment based on his beliefs and personal values , etc. , the political cadre assigned to carry out the recruitments will be notified of this .
The original contact will indicate to the cadre assigned , in detail , all he knows of the prospective recruit , and the style of persuasion to be used , introducing the two .
If the target does not seem to be susceptible to voluntary recruitment , meetings can be arranged which seem casual with the guerrilla leaders or with the political cadres ( unknown by the target until that moment ) .
The meetings will be held so that " other persons " know that the target is attending them , whether they see him arrive at a particular house , seated at the table in a particular bar or even seated on a park bench .
The target , then , is faced with the fact of his participation in the insurrectional struggle and it will be indicated to him also that if he fails to cooperate or to carry out future orders , he will be subjected to reprisals by the police or soldiers of the regime .
The notification of the police , denouncing a target who does not want to join the guerrillas , can be carried out easily , when it becomes necessary , through a letter with false statements of citizens who are not implicated in the movement .
Care should be taken that the person who recruited him covertly is not discovered .
With the carrying out of clandestine missions for the movement , the involvement and handing over of every recruit is done gradually on a wider and wider scale , and confidence increases .
This should be a gradual process , in order to prevent confessions from fearful individuals who have been assigned very difficult or dangerous missions too early .
Using this recruitment technique , our guerrillas will be able to successfully infiltrate any key target group in the regime , in order to improve the internal control of the enemy structure .
3. Established Citizens , Subjective Internal Control [ edit ]
Established citizens , such as doctors , lawyers , businessmen , landholders , minor state officials , etc. , will be recruited to the movement and used for subjective internal control of groups and associations to which they belong or may belong .
Once the recruitment / involvement has been brought about , and has progressed to the point that allows that specific instructions be given to internal cadres to begin to influence their groups , instructions will be given to them to carry out the following :
The process is simple and only requires a basic knowledge of the Socrates dialectic : that is the knowledge that is inherent to another person or the established position of a group , some theme , some word or some thought related to the objective of persuasion of the person in charge of our recruitment .
The cadre then must emphasize this theme , word or thought in the discussions or meetings of the target group , through a casual commentary , which improves the focus of other members of the group in relation to this .
Specific examples are :
Economic interest groups are motivated by profit and generally feel that the system hinders the use of their capability in this effort in some way , taxes , import - export tariffs , transportation costs , etc .
The cadre in charge will increase this feeling of frustration in later conversations .
Political aspirants , particularly if the are not successful , feel that the system discriminates against them unfairly , limiting their capabilities , because the Sandinista regime does not allow elections .
The cadres should focus political discussions towards this frustration .
Intellectual social critics ( such as professors , teachers , priests , missionaries , etc. ) , generally feel that the government ignores their valid criticism or censors their comments unjustly , especially in a situation of revolution .
This can easily be shown by the guerrilla cadre at meetings and discussions , to be an injustice of the system .
For all the target groups , after they have established frustrations , the hostility towards the obstacles to their aspirations will gradually become transferred to the current regime and its system of repression .
The guerrilla cadre moving among the target groups should always maintain a low profile , so that the development of hostile feelings towards the false Sandinista regime seems to come spontaneously from the members of the group and not from suggestions of the cadres .
This is internal subjective control .
Antigovernmental hostility should be generalized , and not necessarily in our favor .
If a group develops a feeling in our favor , it can be utilized .
But the main objective is to precondition the target groups for the fusion in mass organizations later in the operation , when other activities have been successfully undertaken .
4. Organizations of Cells for Security [ edit ]
Internal cadres of our movement should organize into cells of three persons , only one of them maintaining outside contact .
The cell of three persons is the basic element of the movement , with frequent meetings to receive orders and pass information to the cell leader .
These meetings are also very important for mutually reinforcing the members of the cell , as well as their morale .
They should exercise criticism of themselves on the realization or failures in carrying out individual subjective control missions .
The coordination of the three - member cell provides a security net for reciprocal communication , each member having contact with only an operational cell .
The members will not reveal at the cell coordination meetings the identity of their contact in an operational cell ; they will reveal only the nature of the activity in which the cell is involved , e.g. , political party work , medical association work , etc .
There is no hierarchy in cells outside of an element of coordination , who is the leader , who will have direct but covert contact with our guerrilla comandante in the zone or operational area .
The previous diagram does not indicate which new operational cell is the limit , but it indicates that for every three operational cells , we need a coordination cell .
5. Fusion in a " Cover " Organization [ edit ]
The fusion of organizations recognized by the Sandinista government , such as associations and other groups , through internal subjective control , occurs in the final stages of the operation , in a tight connection with mass meetings .
When the guerrilla armed action has expanded sufficiently , armed propaganda missions will be carried out on a large scale : propaganda teams will have clearly developed open support of the institutions ; the enemy system of target groups will be well infiltrated and preconditioned .
At the point at which mass meetings are held , the internal cadres should begin discussions for the " fusion " of forces into an organization - this organization will be a " cover " source of our movement .
Any other target group will be aware that other groups are developing greater hostility to the government . , the police and the traditional legal bases of authority .
The guerrilla cadres tn that group - for example , teachers - will cultivate this awareness - building , making comments such as " So - and - so , who is a farmer , said that the members of his cooperative believe that the new economic policy is absurd , poorly planned and unfair to the farmers . "
When the awareness - building is increased , in the sense that other groups feel hostility towards the regime , the group discussions are held openly and our movement will be able to receive reports that the majority of their operatives are united in common , greater hostility against the regime .
This will be developed and the order to fuse / join will come about .
The fusion into a " cover " front is carried out thusly :
Internal cadres of our movement will meet with people such as presidents , leaders , and others , at organized meetings chaired by the group chief of our movement .
Two or three escorts can assist the guerrilla cadre if it becomes necessary .
Publish a joint communique on this meeting , announcing the creation of the " cover " front , including names and signatures of the participants , and names of the organizations that they represent .
After releasing this communique , mass meetings should be initiated , which should have as a goal the destruction of the Sandinista control .
6. Conclusions [ edit ]
The development and control of the " cover " organizations in a guerrilla war will give our movement the ability to create the " whiplash " effect within the population , when the order for fusion is gives .
When the infiltration and internal subjective control have been developed parallel with other guerrilla activities , a democratic guerrilla commander will literally be able to shake up the Sandinista structure and replace it .
CONTROL OF MASS CONCENTRATIONS AND MEETINGS [ edit ]
1. Generalities [ edit ]
In the last stages of a guerrilla war , mass concentrations and meetings are a powerful psychological tool for carrying out the mission .
This section has as its objective giving the guerrilla student training on techniques for controlling mass concentrations and meetings in guerrilla warfare .
2. Infiltration of Guerrilla Cadres [ edit ]
Infiltration of guerrilla cadres ( whether a member of our movement or outside element ) in workers ' unions , student groups , peasant organizations , etc. , preconditioning these groups for behavior within the masses , where they will have to carry proselytism for the instructional struggle in a clandestine manner .
Our psychological war team should prepare in advance a hostile mental attitude among the target groups so that at the decisive moment they can turn their furor into violence , demanding their rights that have been trampled upon by the regime
These preconditioning campaigns must be aimed at the political parties , professional organizations , students , laborers , the masses of the unemployed , the ethnic minorities and any other sector of society that is vulnerable or recruitable ; this also includes the popular masses and sympathizers of our movement .
The basic objective of a preconditioning campaign is to create a negative " image " of the common enemy , e.g. :
Describe the managers of collective government entities as trying to treat the staff the way " slave foremen " do .
The police mistreat the people like the Communist " Gestapo " does .
The government officials of National Reconstruction are puppets of Russian - Cuban imperialism .
Our psychological war cadres will create compulsive obsessions of a temporary nature in places of public concentrations , constantly hammering away at the themes pointed out or desired , the same as in group gatherings ; in informal conversations expressing discontent ; in addition passing out brochures and flyers , and writing editorial articles both on the radio and in newspapers , focused on the intention of preparing the mind of the people of the decisive moment , which will erupt in general violence .
In order to facilitate the preconditioning of the masses , we should often use phrases to make the people see , such as :
The taxes that they pay the government do not benefit the people at all , but rather are uses as a form of exploitation in order to enrich those governing .
Make it plain to the people that they have become slaves , that they are being exploited by privileged military and political groups .
The foreign advisers and their counseling programs are in reality " interveners " in our homeland , who direct the exploitation of the nation in accordance with the objectives of the Russian and Cuban imperialists , in order to turn our people into slaves of the hammer and sickle .
3. Selection of Appropriate Slogans [ edit ]
The leaders of the guerrilla warfare classify their slogans in accordance with the circumstances with the aim of mobilizing the masses in a wide scale of activities and at the highest emotional level .
When the mass uprising is being developed , our covert cadres should make partial demands , initially demanding , e.g .
" We want food , " " We want freedom of worship , " " We want union freedom " - steps that will lead us toward the realization of the goals of our movement , which are : GOD , HOMELAND and DEMOCRACY .
If a lack of organization and command is noted in the enemy authority , and the people find themselves in a state of exaltation , advantage can be taken of this circumstance so that our agitators will raise the tone of the rallying slogans , taking them to the most strident point .
If the masses are not emotionally exalted , our agitators will continue with the " partial " slogans , and the demands will be based on daily needs , chaining them to the goals of our movement .
An example of the need to give simple slogans is that few people think in terms of millions of cordobas , but any citizen , however humble he may be , understands that a pair of shoes is necessary .
The goals of the movement are of an ideological nature , but our agitators must realize that food - " bread and butter , " " the tortilla and red beans " - pull along the people , and it should be understood that this is their main mission .
4. Creation of Nuclei [ edit ]
This involves the mobilization of a specific number of agitators of the guerrilla organization of the place .
This group will inevitably attract an equal number of curious persons who seek adventures and emotions , as well as those unhappy with the system of government .
The guerrillas will attract sympathizers , discontented citizens as a consequence of the repression of the system .
Each guerrilla subunit will be assigned specific tasks and missions that they should carry out .
Our cadres will be mobilized in the largest number possible , together with persons who have been affected by the Communist dictatorship , whether their possessions have been stolen from them , they have been incarcerated , or tortured , or suffered from any other type of aggression against them .
They will be mobilized toward the areas where the hostile and criminal elements of the FSLN , CDS and others live , with an effort for them to be armed with clubs , iron rods , placards and if possible , small firearms , which they will carry hidden .
If possible , professional criminals will be hired to carry out specific selected " jobs . "
Our agitators will visit the places where the unemployed meet , as well as the unemployment offices , in order to hire them for unspecified " jobs . "
The recruitment of these wage earners is necessary because a nucleus is created under absolute orders .
The designated cadres will arrange ahead of time the transportation of the participants , in order to take them to meeting places in private or public vehicles , boats or any other type of transportation .
Other cadres will be designated to design placards , flags and banners with different slogans or key words , whether they be partial , temporary or of the most radical type .
Other cadres will be designated to prepare flyers , posters , signs and pamphlets to make the concentration more noticeable .
This material will contain instructions for the participants and will also serve against the regime .
Specific tasks will be assigned to others , in order to create a " martyr " for the cause , taking the demonstrators to a confrontation with the authorities , in order to bring about uprisings or shootings , which will cause the death of one or more persons , who would become the martyrs , a situation that should be made use of immediately against the regime , in order to create greater conflicts .
5. Ways to Lead an Uprising at Mass Meetings [ edit ]
It can be carried out by means of a small group of guerrillas infiltrated within the masses , who will have the mission of agitating , giving the impression that there are many of them and that they have popular backing .
Using the tactics of a force of 200-300 agitators , a demonstration can be created in which 10,00 - 20,00 persons take part .
The agitation of the masses in a demonstration is carried out by means of sociopolitical objectives .
In this action one or several people of our convert movement should take part , highly trained as mass agitators , involving innocent persons , in order to bring about an apparent spontaneous protest demonstration .
They will lead all of the concentration to the end of it .
Outside Commando .
This element stays out of all activity , located so that they can observe from where they are the development of the planned events .
As a point of observation , they should look for the tower of a church , a high building , a high tree , the highest level of the stadium or an auditorium , or any other high place .
Inside Commando .
This element will remain within the multitude .
Great importance should be given to the protection of the leaders of these elements .
Some placards or large allusive signs should be used to designate the Commando Posts and to provide signals to the subunits .
This element will avoid placing itself in places where fights or incidents come about after the beginning of the demonstration .
These key agitators of ours will remain within the multitude .
The one responsible for this mission will assign ahead of time the agitators to remain near the placard that he will indicate to them , in order to give protection to the placard from any contrary element .
In that way the commander will know where our agitators are , and will be able to send orders to change passwords or slogans , or any other unforeseen thing , and even eventually to incite violence if he desires it .
At this stage , once the key cadres have been dispersed , they should place themselves in visible places such as by signs , lampposts , and other places which stand out .
Our key agitators should avoid places of disturbances , once they have taken care of the beginning of the same .
Defense Posts .
These elements will act as bodyguards in movement , forming a ring of protection for the chief , protecting him from the police and the army , or helping him to escape if it should be necessary .
They should be highly disciplined and will react only upon a verbal order from the chief .
In case the chief participates in a religious concentration , a funeral or any other type of activity in which they have to behave in an organized fashion , the bodyguards will remain in the ranks very close to the chief or to the placard or banner carriers in order to give them full protection .
The participants in this mission should be guerrilla combatants in civilian clothes , or hired recruits who are sympathizers in our struggle and who are against the oppressive regime .
These members must have a high discipline and will use violence only on the verbal orders of the one in charge of them .
Messengers .
They should remain near the leaders , transmitting orders between the inside and outside commandos .
They will use communication radios , telephones , bicycles , motorcycles , cars , or move on foot or horseback , taking paths or trails to shorten distances .
Adolescents ( male and female ) are ideal for this mission .
Shock Troops .
These men should be equipped with weapons ( Knives , razors , chains , clubs , bludgeons ) and should march slightly behind the innocent and gullible participants .
They should carry their weapons hidden .
They will enter into action only as " reinforcements " if the guerrilla agitators are attacked by the police .
They will enter the scene quickly , violently and by surprise , in order to distract the authorities , in this way making possible the withdrawal or rapid escape of the inside commando .
Carriers of Banners and Placards .
The banners and placards used in demonstrations or concentrations will express the protests of the population , but when the concentration reaches its highest level of euphoria or popular discontent , our infiltrated persons will make use of the placards against the regime , which we manage to infiltrate in a hidden fashion , an don them slogans or key words will be expressed to the benefit of our cause .
The one responsible for this mission will assign the agitators ahead of time to keep near the placard of any contrary element .
In that way , the comandante will know where the agitators are , and will be able to send orders to change slogans and eventually to incite violence if he wishes .
Agitators of Rallying Cries and Applause .
They will be trained with specific instructions to use tried rallying cries .
They will be able to use phrase such as " WE ARE HUNGRY , WE WAND BREAD , " and " WE DON'T WANT COMMUNISM . "
There work and their technique for agitating the masses is quite similar to those of the leaders of applause and slogans at the high school football or baseball games .
The objective is to become more adept and not just to shout rallying cries .
6. Conclusions [ edit ]
In a revolutionary movement of guerrilla warfare , the mass concentrations and protest demonstrations are the principle essential for the destruction of the enemy structures .
MASSIVE IN - DEPTH SUPPORT THROUGH PSYCHOLOGICAL OPERATIONS [ edit ]
1. Generalities [ edit ]
The separate coverage in these sections could leave the student with some doubts .
Therefore , all sections are summarized here , in order to give a clearer picture of this book .
2. Motivation as Combatant - Propagandist [ edit ]
Every member of the struggle should know that his political mission is as important as , if not more important than , his tactical mission .
3. Armed Propaganda [ edit ]
Armed propaganda in small towns , rural villages , and city residential districts should give the impression that our weapons are not for exercising power over the people , but rather that the weapons are for protecting the people ; that they are the power of the people against the FSLN government of oppression .
4. Armed Propaganda Teams [ edit ]
Armed Propaganda
Teams will combine political awareness building and the ability to conduct propaganda for ends of personal persuasion , which will be carried out within the population .
5. Cover ( " Facade " ) Organizations [ edit ]
The fusion of several organizations and associations recognized by the government , through internal subjective control , occurs in the final stages of the operation , in close cooperation with mass meetings .
6. Control of Mass Demonstrations [ edit ]
The mixture of elements of the struggle with participants in the demonstration will give the appearance of a spontaneous demonstration , lacking direction , which will be used by the agitators of the struggle to control the behavior of the masses .
7. Conclusion [ edit ]
Too often we see guerrilla warfare only from the point of view of combat actions .
This view is erroneous and extremely dangerous .
Combat actions are not the key to victory in guerrilla warfare but rather form part of one of the six basic efforts .
There is no priority in any of the efforts , but rather they should progress in a parallel manner .
The emphasis or exclusion of any of these efforts could bring about serious difficulties , and in the worst of cases , even failure .
The history of revolutionary wars has shown this reality .
APPENDIX [ edit ]
The purpose of this appendix is to complement the guidelines and recommendations to the propagandist - guerrillas expressed under the topic of " Techniques of Persuasion in Talks and Speeches , " to improve the ability to organize and express thoughts for those who wish to perfect their oratorical abilities .
After all , oratory is one of the most valuable resources for exercising leadership .
Oratory can be used , then , as an extraordinary political tool .
2. The Audience [ edit ]
Oratory is simultaneous communication par excellence , i.e. , the orator and his audience share the same time and space .
Therefore , every speech should be a different experience at " that " moment or particular situation which the audience is experiencing and which influences them .
So the audience must be considered as " a state of mind . "
Happiness , sadness , anger , fear , etc. , are states of mind that we must consider to exist in our audience , and it is the atmosphere that affects the target public .
The human being is made up of a mind and soul ; he acts in accordance with his thoughts and sentiments and responds to stimuli of ideas and emotions .
In that way there exist only two possible focuses in any plan , including speeches : the concrete , based on rational appeals , i.e. , to thinking ; and the idealized , with emotional appeals , i.e. , to sentiment .
For his part the orator , although he must be sensitive to the existing mass sentiment , he must at the same time keep his cold judgment to be able to lead and control effectively the feelings of an audience .
When in the oratorical momentum the antithesis between heart and brain comes about , judgment should always prevail , characteristic of a leader .
3. Political Oratory [ edit ]
Political oratory is one of the various forms of oratory , and it usually fulfills one of three objectives : to instruct , persuade , or move ; and its method is reduced to urging ( asking ) , ordering , questioning and responding .
Oratory is a quality so tied to political leadership that it can be said that the history of political orators is the political history of humanity , an affirmation upheld by names such as Cicero , Demosthenes , Danton , Mirabeau , Robespierre , Clemenceau , Lenin , Trotsky , Mussolini , Hitler , Roosevelt , etc .
4. Qualities in a Speech [ edit ]
In general terms , the most appreciated qualities of a speech , and specifically a political speech in the context of the psychological action of the armed struggle , are the following :
Be brief and concise A length of five minutes [ line missing in Spanish text ] ... that of the orator who said : " If you want a two - hour speech , I 'll start right now ; if you want a two - minute one , let me think awhile . "
Centered on the theme
The speech should be structured by a set of organized ideas that converge on the theme .
A good speech is expressed by concepts and not only with word
Logic
The ideas presented should be logical and easily acceptable .
never challenge logic in the mind of the audience , since immediately the main thing is lost - credibility .
As far as possible , it is recommended that all speeches be based on a syllogism , which the orator should adjust in his exposition .
For example : " Those governing get rich and are thieves ; the Sandinistas have enriched themselves governing ; then , the Sandinistats are thieves . "
This could be the point of a speech on the administrative corruption of the regime .
When an idea or a set of guiding ideas do not exist in a speech , confusion and dispersion easily arise .
5. Structure of a Speech [ edit ]
Absolute improvisation does not exist in oratory .
All orators have a " mental plan " that allows them to organize their ideas and concepts rapidly ; with practice it is possible to come to do this in a few seconds , almost simultaneously with the expression of the word .
The elements that make up a speech are given below , in a structure that we recommend always putting into practice , to those who wish to more and more improve their oratorical abilities :
Introduction or Preamble
One enters into contact with the public , a personal introduction can be made or one of the movement to which we belong , the reason for our presence , etc .
In these first seconds it is important to make an impact , attracting attention and provoking interest among the audience .
For that purpose , there are resources such as beginning with a famous phrase or a previously prepared slogan , telling a dramatic or humorous story , etc .
Purpose or Enunciation
The subject to be dealt with is defined , explained as a whole or by parts .
Appraisal or Argumentation Arguments are presented , EXACTLY IN THIS ORDER : First , the negative arguments , or against the thesis that is going to be upheld , and then the positive arguments , or favorable ones to our thesis , immediately adding proof or facts that sustain such arguments .
Recapitulation or Conclusion
A short summary is made and the conclusions of the speech are spelled out .
Exhortation Action by the public is called for , i.e. , they are asked in and almost energetic manner to do or not to do something .
6. Some Literary Resources [ edit ]
Although there exist typically oratorical devices of diction , in truth , oratory has taken from other literary genres a large number of devices , several of which often , in an unconscious manner , we use in our daily expressions and even in our speeches .
Below we enunciate many of their literary devices in frequent use in oratory , recommending to those interested moderate use of them , since an orator who over - uses the literary device loses authenticity and sounds untrue .
The devices that are used the most in oratory are those obtained through the repetition of words in particular periods of the speech , such as :
Anaphora , or repetition of a word at the beginning of each sentence , e.g. , " Freedom for the poor , freedom for the rich , freedom for all . "
In the reiteration , repetition is of a complete sentence ( slogan ) insistently through the speech , e.g. , " With God and patriotism we will overcome Communism because ...:
Conversion is the repetition at the end of every phrase , e.g. : " Sandinismo tries to be about everyone , dominate everyone , command everyone , and as an absolute tyranny , do away with everyone . "
In the emphasis , repetition is used at the beginning and at the end of the clause , e.g. , " Who brought the Russian - Cuban intervention ?
The Sandinistas .
And who is engaged in arms trafficking with the neighboring countries ?
The Sandinistas .
And who is proclaiming to be in favor of nonintervention ?
The Sandinistas . "
Reduplication , when the phrase begins with the same word that ends the previous one .
For example : " We struggle for democracy , democracy and social justice . "
The concatenation is a chain made up of duplications .
For example : " Communism transmits the deception of the child to the young man , of the young man to the adult , and of the adult to the old man . "
In the antithesis or word play , the same words are used with a different meaning to give an ingenious effect : e.g. , " The greatest wealth of every human being is his own freedom , because slaves will always be poor but we poor can have the wealth of our freedom . "
Similar cadences , through the use of verbs of the same tense and person , or nouns of the same number and case .
For example : " Those of us who are struggling we will be marching because he who perseveres achieves , and he who gives up remains . "
Use of synonyms , repetition of words with a similar meaning .
For example : " We demand a Nicaragua for all , without exceptions , without omissions . "
Among the figures of speech most used in oratory are :
Comparison or simile , which sets the relationship of similarity between two or more beings or things .
For example : " Because we love Christ , we love his bishops and pastors , " and " Free as a bird . "
Antithesis , or the counterposition of words , ideas , or phrases of an opposite meaning .
For example : " They promised freedom and gave slavery ; that they would distribute the wealth and they have distributed poverty ; that they would bring peace , and they have brought about war . "
Among the logic figures are the following :
Concession , which is a skillful way to concede something to the adversary in order to better emphasize the inappropriate aspects , through the use of expressions such as : but , however , although , nevertheless , in spite of the fact that , etc .
For example : " The mayor here has been honest , but he is not the one controlling all the money of the nation . "
It is an effective form of rebuttal when the opinion of the audience is not entirely ours .
Permission , in which one apparently accedes to something , when in reality it is rejected .
For example : " Do not protest , but sabotage them . "
" Talk quietly , but tell it to everyone . "
Prolepsis is an anticipated refutation .
For example : " Some will think that they are only promises ; they will say , others said the same thing , but no .
We are different , we are Christians , we consider God a witness to our words . "
Preterition is an artifice , pretending discretion when something is said with total clarity and indiscretion .
For example : " If I were not obligated to keep military secrets , I would tell all of you of the large amount of armaments that we have so that you would feel even more confidence that our victory is assured . "
Communication is a way to ask and give the answer to the same question .
For example : " If they show disrespect for the ministers of God , will they respect us , simple citizens ?
Never . "
Rhetorical questions are a way in which one shows perplexity or inability to say something , only as an oratorical recourse .
For example : " I am only a peasant and can tell you little .
I know little and I will not be able to explain to you the complicated things of politics .
Therefore , I talk to you with my heart , with my simple peasant 's heart , as we all are . "
Litotes is a form of meaning a lot by saying little .
For example : " The nine commanders have stolen little , just the whole country . "
Irony consists of getting across exactly the opposite of what one is saying .
For example : " The divine mobs that threaten and kill , they are indeed Christians . "
Amplification is presenting an idea from several angles .
For example : " Political votes are the power of the people in a democracy .
And economic votes are their power in the economy .
Buying or not buying something , the majorities decide what should be produced .
For something to be produced or to disappear .
That is part of economic democracy . "
The most usual plaintive figures of speech are :
Deprecation or entreaty to obtain something .
For example : " Lord , free us from the yoke .
Give us freedom . "
Imprecation or threat , expressing a sentiment in view of the unjust or hopeless .
For example : " Let there be a Homeland for all or let there be a Homeland for no one . "
Conmination , similar to the previous one , presents a bad wish for the rest .
For example , " Let them drown in the abyss of their own corruption . "
The apostrophe consists of addressing oneself towards something supernatural or inanimate as if it were a living being .
For example : " Mountains of Nicaragua , make the seed of freedom grow . "
Interrogation consists of asking a question of oneself , to give greater emphasis to what is expressed .
It is different from communication , since it gives the answer and is of a logical and not a plaintive nature .
For example : " If they have already injured the members of my family , my friends , my peasant brothers , do I have any path other than brandishing a weapon ? "
Reticence consists of leaving a thought incomplete , intentionally , so that mentally the audience completes it .
For example , " They promised political pluralism and gave totalitarianism .
They promised political pluralism and gave totalitarianism .
They promised social justice , and they have increased poverty .
They offered freedom of thought , and they have given censorship .
Now , what they promise the world are free elections ... "
A new diet said to result in fast , stress - free weight loss has taken Japan by storm .
The Morning Banana Diet is possibly the world 's easist diet to follow - except in Japan where its intense popularity has led to the nation 's worst - ever banana shortage .
Banana importer , Dole Japan Company , has increased supplies by 25 per cent over the corresponding period last year but is still struggling to meet demand .
Consequently , banana prices are soaring but with the celebrity endorsements and more than 600,000 copies of the diet books sold , demand for the fruit shows no signs of slowing .
NEW YORK ( Hollywood Reporter ) -
No matter who wins Tuesday ’s presidential election , you can be sure of one thing :
The networks are n’t going to hold back calling the election for Barack Obama or John McCain if either gathers the magic number of 270 electoral votes .
That means it ’s possible , if not altogether likely , that the presidential election could be called before polls close in the West .
That happened once before , in 1980 , when the election was famously called -- and conceded -- by 9 p.m. ET .
But it ’ll be the Internet , cable and the speed of news that will be the driving factor this time .
The networks all promise to take the time to project the race accurately , and say they wo n’t make any predictions before their time .
But executives say it would be foolish for them to sit on a projection if they ’re sure , and it would n’t be fair to viewers .
“ There ’s no way to get around it , ” CBS News senior vp Paul Friedman said .
“ If one man gets 270 electoral votes before the West Coast polls are closed , we ’re not going to pretend ( he does n’t ) . ”
Phil Alongi , who runs special events programing at NBC News , agrees .
“ If you project a state and ( the candidate ) reaches the electoral vote , what are you going to do ?
Lie ? ” Alongi said .
“ We will project a state when we ’re comfortable with the projection .
If one of them hits the required 270 , you have to report that , and you ca n’t hold back . ”
The networks all have agreed not to call an individual state before the voting stops there .
But an overall projection could come before folks in California , Nevada and Washington finish voting .
Executives know it ’s a fine line that they ’ll be walking , and it goes beyond a strict up - and - down counting to 270 .
“ Suppose that one guy has 260 ( electoral votes ) and we have exit polls and other information indicating that he ’s going to pick up the votes he needs , ” Friedman said .
“ It becomes the delicate matter of telling the audience of what we think is going to happen without discouraging them to vote . ”
CNN Washington bureau chief David Bohrman , who grew up on the West Coast , is acutely aware of the issue .
But he said CNN can’t hold back .
That does n’t mean , however , that the networks wo n’t take pains to say that , even with an early victory , it ’s important to vote .
Friedman said there are plenty of House and Senate races and local issues that need to be decided regardless .
“ We ’re acutely aware of not wanting to be in the position of discouraging people from voting , ” Friedman said .
“ But we ’re not someone ’s nanny .
There are reasons to vote on the West Coast ( even with the presidential race decided ) . ”
All that being said , no one knows how long the election coverage will go on before a decision is reached .
Few think that it will be the blowout that some expect ; nor will the magic number be reached without electoral - vote rich California except under the most extraordinary circumstances .
“ I do n’t see anyone going over the top even before 11 p.m. ( ET ) , ” said one executive .
Added another , “ It ’s mathematically possible but extremely unlikely . ”
It ’s likely that if either McCain or Obama wins relatively early , tens of millions of TV sets will be shutting off pretty soon after .
But the networks have prepared to move relatively quickly to the next story , which is control of Congress .
“ People lose sight of the fact that there ’s a major story that clearly will not be decided early , and that will be ( which party ) controls Congress , ” Friedman said .
“ If Obama becomes the winner , the major story then becomes does he have a Congress that is controlled by Democrats ? ”
“ There ’s going to be a fascinating story to tell on Election Night , no matter how it comes out , because it ’s a story the entire country has been engaged in for the long haul , ” ABC News political director David Chalian said .
Chastened by their experience in the 2000 election , every network was exceedingly careful in 2004 .
The networks each overhauled their decision desks , and only Fox News called -- correctly -- the election for President Bush in the wee hours of the next morning .
The rest of the networks said they believed Bush would win but they were n’t sure until New Mexico ’s situation became clearer .
And even though it ’s eight years since the drawn - out battle of 2000 , the networks are painfully aware of what could happen .
“ The last thing we want to do is have a repeat of 2000 , where we have to take back the projections , ” CNN ’s Bohrman said .
“ It ’s more important to be right than first . ”
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
We talk incessantly about the ills which afflict our society and vociferously condemn official lapses and misdemeanours .
Yet there is no resolute follow - up action .
Every year during the monsoon roads are flooded , traffic is paralysed and tremendous hardship is suffered by the common folk .
The routine official excuse is blockage of drains because of heavy downpour .
But why is no remedial action taken before the monsoon and the drainage system overhauled ?
Citizens must insist , nay ensure , that necessary steps are undertaken by the officials concerned and , if necessary , dharnas should be held in front of their offices and homes to shake them out of their lethargy .
We talk eloquently about the vital importance of primary education for children .
Yet we are mute spectators to the notorious phenomenon of widespread absenteeism of teachers in secondary schools who shamelessly sign the attendance register and decamp thereafter to pursue other lucrative activities .
Why do n't the concerned local authorities and governments come down with a heavy hand to end this shameful state of affairs ?
Citizen groups should launch a sustained agitation to ensure that children are not deprived of their fundamental right to education .
A PIL in this connection is necessary so that the court can give appropriate directions to the authorities and haul them up for contempt in case of non-compliance .
We have cried hoarse about corruption and have passed laws to curb this evil .
Yet there is singular failure to enact a law , despite the recommendation of the previous Law Commission , which provides for the freezing , seizure and confiscation of the assets of persons found guilty of corruption after a fair trial .
The corrupt should not enjoy the fruits of their misdeeds and ill - gotten wealth .
Mere fines and jail terms are not sufficient deterrents .
The resourceful corrupt convict will ensure delivery of sumptuous food and other goodies to his prison cell by fixing the jail authorities .
We must end the sickening spectacle of the corrupt gentry doing a short spell in prison and then picking up the benefits of their illicitly acquired assets , ingeniously registered in the names of their family , friends and sometimes their lawyers .
Incessant agitation for the enactment of such a law is necessary .
MPs should be pressured by holding dharnas and if necessary gheraoing them .
Our motto should be zidd karo , duniya badlo .
The snag is that some MPs could be facing trials for corruption .
Alas we will go on talking and talking and possibly singing Que Sera Sera .
... contd .
ALSO READ
A time to cheer
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
General Motors unveiled the Chevrolet Volt this morning , revealing a car that is much sleeker than the angular concept we saw almost two years ago .
It 's the strongest evidence yet that the range - extended electric car is on track to appear in showrooms by the end of 2010 , and a good sign that GM may stick around more than a couple years past its hundredth birthday .
CEO Rick Wagoner pulled the sheet off the Volt during GM 's centennial celebration in Detroit , hailing it as a technological leap and a new direction for a company – and an industry – facing an uncertain future .
" Revealing the production version of the Chevy Volt is a great way to open our second century , " Wagoner said .
" The Volt is symbolic of GM 's strong commitment to the future ... just the kind of technology innovation that our industry needs to respond to today 's and tomorrow 's energy and environmental challenges . "
The Volt is not a Johnny - come - lately second - rate Prius .
It ’s a technological step forward and a bit of a surprise from a company that has for decades been known for evolution , not revolution .
The Volt 's 17 - inch wheels are driven by an electric motor that gets its juice from a T - shaped battery with 220 lithium - ion cells .
GM says it 's good for 40 miles of zero-emission electric driving .
The small gasoline engine under the hood acts only as a generator , charging the battery as it approaches depletion and eliminating the " range anxiety " that make EVs a tough sell for road - trip - lovin ’ Americans .
The sleek , rounded car Wagoner showed off today shares little family resemblance with the angular concept he unveiled in 2007 .
The radical redesign was borne of necessity – maximizing aerodynamic efficiency is essential to squeezing every last mile from the battery , and the original design was about as slick as a brick .
After discovering the concept car ’s wretched drag coefficient of .43 – roughly the same aerodynamic efficiency as a Chevrolet Silverado pickup – GM 's designers and engineers spent more than 1,000 hours in the wind tunnel reworking the exterior .
What they emerged with is , according to GM , more aerodynamic than the Toyota Prius or the Honda Civic Hybrid .
" We spent three times longer on this car than any other car [ in GM ’s history ] , " says Nina Tortosa , the engineer who oversaw wind tunnel testing .
" It will be one of the most aerodynamic cars out there . "
Some will look at the Volt and see the Prius , and aerodynamic necessity meant the two cars would have similar silhouette – though the two vehicles are based on different technologies , they share the same constraints :
They ’re small 5 - door sedans designed for maximum aero efficiencies .
The laws of physics and the properties of aerodynamics give designers only so much leeway .
Still , GM insists the production model shares many of the same styling cues as the concept – the grille , the " athletic stance , " the crease along the side and the mirrors .
The Volt also is longer , lower and wider than the Prius .
The nose is longer , the roof flatter and the tail lower .
" The Prius does n't have stance , " says Bob Boniface , Volt lead designer .
" It 's got a big body on little wheels .
The Volt 's got a wide , low stance . "
Reaction to this mythic stance has been mixed , with many people condemning it as a Prius clone .
A poll of 1,388 people by fanboy - site GM - Volt.com found 57 percent preferred the concept .
But the site ’s founder , New York neurologist Lyle Dennis , likes it .
" I think it has a clean look , " he says .
" The concept was more extreme in appearance than a mainstream car could be . "
Chelsea Sexton , director of the EV advocacy group Plug - In America , agrees .
" I definitely liked the more aggressive design of the concept , but it was n't realistic from an aerodynamic perspective , " she says .
" The redesign will still capture a lot of people aesthetically , but just as much , I think , from a functionality and user experience perspective – especially the interior . "
GM seems to have taken a page from the Apple design playbook when designing the interior of the Volt .
Its most prominent feature is an LCD touch screen to control the climate and infotainment systems and a smooth control panel with what resemble click wheels .
Of course , the car Wagoner unveiled today was little more than a full - size model .
Though the design of the exterior is now finalized , GM still has to perfect the innards to make a working car .
They key to that is nailing the batteries , and GM has its engineers testing batteries around - the - clock .
Bob Lutz , VP of global development and the guy cracking the whip to keep the Volt on schedule , says the batteries are performing " flawlessly " and " it 's almost scary that we are n't seeing any problems with them . "
Still , it remains to be seen whether the batteries will deliver on their promised range and survive 10 to 15 years of abuse at the hands of American drivers .
GM is road - testing the Volt 's drivetrain in a fleet of converted Chevy Malibus ( see , not all of them are rental cars ) , and company execs say we 'll see production prototypes on the road next year .
It 's an aggressive timeline , but industry analysts say GM is in good shape to meet it , and the company reportedly plans to spend another $ 400 to $ 500 million getting the car on the road .
" They 're throwing lots of money at it , and they 're moving forward , " says Aaron Bragman of Global Insight .
" Where they are in terms of testing , two years seems like an achievable goal .
They 're on track . "
A new anti-reflective coating developed by researchers at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute could help to overcome two major hurdles blocking the progress and wider use of solar power .
The nanoengineered coating boosts the amount of sunlight captured by solar panels and allows those panels to absorb the entire spectrum of sunlight from any angle , regardless of the sun 's position in the sky .
Credit : Rensselaer / Shawn Lin
No matter which way you look at it , the notion of harvesting energy from the sun to power our homes and businesses is more absorbing than ever .
Researchers at Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute have discovered and demonstrated a new method for overcoming two major hurdles facing solar energy .
By developing a new antireflective coating that boosts the amount of sunlight captured by solar panels and allows those panels to absorb the entire solar spectrum from nearly any angle , the research team has moved academia and industry closer to realizing high - efficiency , cost - effective solar power .
" To get maximum efficiency when converting solar power into electricity , you want a solar panel that can absorb nearly every single photon of light , regardless of the sun 's position in the sky , " said Shawn - Yu Lin , professor of physics at Rensselaer and a member of the university 's Future Chips Constellation , who led the research project .
" Our new antireflective coating makes this possible . "
Results of the year - long project are explained in the paper " Realization of a Near Perfect Antireflection Coating for Silicon Solar Energy , " published this week by the journal Optics Letters .
An untreated silicon solar cell only absorbs 67.4 percent of sunlight shone upon it — meaning that nearly one - third of that sunlight is reflected away and thus unharvestable .
From an economic and efficiency perspective , this unharvested light is wasted potential and a major barrier hampering the proliferation and widespread adoption of solar power .
After a silicon surface was treated with Lin's new nanoengineered reflective coating , however , the material absorbed 96.21 percent of sunlight shone upon it — meaning that only 3.79 percent of the sunlight was reflected and unharvested .
This huge gain in absorption was consistent across the entire spectrum of sunlight , from UV to visible light and infrared , and moves solar power a significant step forward toward economic viability .
Lin's new coating also successfully tackles the tricky challenge of angles .
Most surfaces and coatings are designed to absorb light — i.e. , be antireflective — and transmit light — i.e. , allow the light to pass through it — from a specific range of angles .
Eyeglass lenses , for example , will absorb and transmit quite a bit of light from a light source directly in front of them , but those same lenses would absorb and transmit considerably less light if the light source were off to the side or on the wearer 's periphery .
This same is true of conventional solar panels , which is why some industrial solar arrays are mechanized to slowly move throughout the day so their panels are perfectly aligned with the sun 's position in the sky .
Without this automated movement , the panels would not be optimally positioned and would therefore absorb less sunlight .
The tradeoff for this increased efficiency , however , is the energy needed to power the automation system , the cost of upkeeping this system , and the possibility of errors or misalignment .
Lin 's discovery could antiquate these automated solar arrays , as his antireflective coating absorbs sunlight evenly and equally from all angles .
This means that a stationary solar panel treated with the coating would absorb 96.21 percent of sunlight no matter the position of the sun in the sky .
So along with significantly better absorption of sunlight , Lin 's discovery could also enable a new generation of stationary , more cost - efficient solar arrays .
" At the beginning of the project , we asked ' would it be possible to create a single antireflective structure that can work from all angles ? '
Then we attacked the problem from a fundamental perspective , tested and fine - tuned our theory , and created a working device , " Lin said .
Rensselaer physics graduate student Mei-Ling Kuo played a key role in the investigations .
Typical antireflective coatings are engineered to transmit light of one particular wavelength .
Lin's new coating stacks seven of these layers , one on top of the other , in such a way that each layer enhances the antireflective properties of the layer below it .
These additional layers also help to " bend " the flow of sunlight to an angle that augments the coating 's antireflective properties .
This means that each layer not only transmits sunlight , it also helps to capture any light that may have otherwise been reflected off of the layers below it .
The seven layers , each with a height of 50 nanometers to 100 nanometers , are made up of silicon dioxide and titanium dioxide nanorods positioned at an oblique angle — each layer looks and functions similar to a dense forest where sunlight is " captured " between the trees .
The nanorods were attached to a silicon substrate via chemical vapor disposition , and Lin said the new coating can be affixed to nearly any photovoltaic materials for use in solar cells , including III -V multi-junction and cadmium telluride .
Source : Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
At one point , he emerged from the water to run along the road , but leapt back into the filthy water when police armed with a long pole with arms on the end tried to pin him down .
There 's sure no recession in U.S. agriculture - " Big Farm " is doing very , very well this year , according to
:
1. Farm income in 2008 ( $ 95.7 billion ) is up by almost 64 % compared to 2006 ( $ 58.5 billion ) , see top chart above .
2 . Farm real estate has increased in value by 53 % during the last four years , from $ 1.34 trillion in 2004 to more than $ 2 trillion in 2008 , see middle chart above .
3 . Farm equity has increased by almost 50 % since 2004 , to a record $ 2.147 trillion , see bottom chart above .
And the debt to asset ratio for farms is at a five - year low of only 9 % ( down from 11.3 % in 2004 ) , since farmers are carrying only $ 211 billion in debt on $ 2.359 trillion of farm assets .
In Japan , it 's a common insult to call someone " one- cellular " for being stupid , but that put down may not actually be true :
In 2001 , Dr. Toshiyuki Nakagaki at Riken Institute , Japan , discovered that slime mold * can solve a maze !
Solving a maze : ( a) Initial condition with no nutrients .
( b) After application of nutrients at two sites .
Extensions retract from dead ends , but continue to connect sites possibly containing nutrients .
( c ) Longer connections gradually disappear .
( d)
Only the shortest route between the two nutrient sites remain connected .
It takes half a day to move from state ' a ' to ' d ' .
This brings up a question whether something that has no consciousness can be considered intelligent :
I believe that such unconscious information processing mechanisms exist , to a greater or lesser extent , in all living things ( for instance , the grouping tendencies of ants , or paramecium ) .
Is this kind of information processing to be considered intelligence ?
On the other hand , are people with no conscious awareness of themselves , such as one in a coma , or merely asleep , to be considered unintelligent ?
If we can answer these questions , then we should be able to answer the question as to whether or not single - celled animals possess intelligence .
http://www.riken.go.jp/lab-www/frontier-div/NEWSLETTER/feb2001/ameboid_e.htm
- via Scribal Terror
* You can argue that they 're not exactly " one- cellular " in the traditional sense as swarms of slime mold Physarum polycephalum cells fuse together to form a plasmodium ( a gigantic cell with multiple nuclei and no cell membranes between them ) .
Take my word for it , slime molds are weird !
Who knew America 's highways were a hotbed of cybercrime ?
In this week 's Fed Blotter , Nicholas Lakes and Viachelav Berkovich are charged with computer fraud for a man - in - the - middle attack that allegedly let them run a profitable trucking company without the hassle of driving a truck .
For over three years the Russian immigrants repeatedly hacked a Department of Transportation website called Safersys.org , which maintains a list of licensed interstate trucking companies and brokers , according to an affidavit ( . pdf ) filed by a department investigator .
There , the pair would temporarily change the contact information for a legitimate trucking company to an address and phone number under their control .
The men then took to the web - based " load boards " where brokers advertise cargo in need of transportation .
They 'd negotiate a deal , for example , to transport cargo from American Canyon , California , to Jessup , Maryland , for $ 3,500 .
But instead of transporting the load , Lakes and Berkovich would outsource the job to another trucking company , the feds say , posing as the legitimate company whose identity they 'd hijacked .
Once the cargo was delivered , the men allegedly invoiced their customer and pocketed the funds .
But when the company that actually drove the truck tried to get paid , they 'd eventually discover that the firm who 'd supposedly hired them did n't know anything about it .
The men allegedly pulled in nearly $ 500,000 in the scheme before Smokey caught up with them .
They 're charged ( . pdf ) with computer , mail and wire fraud in a federal indictment in Los Angeles .
The growing cost of driving is also at the center of a federal indictment ( . pdf ) filed Tuesday in West Palm Beach , Florida , charging__ Javier Garcia - Olivera__ , __ Osmany Garcia - Olivera__ and Javier Alejando Alonozo - Gomez with using a magstripe programmer and stolen credit card numbers to steal over $ 500,000 worth of gasoline .
The three Cuban nationals allegedly rigged a pair of open - bed trucks with 200 - gallon , agricultural - style fuel tanks partially hidden under utility boxes in the trucks .
Then they filled up the tanks at Florida gas stations , using gift cards reprogrammed with stolen credit card data .
Secret Service agents working with a Murphy Oil security officer tailed some of the trucks to " remote areas , " according to an affidavit
(.pdf ) by ICE agent Douglas Johnson , and watched the gas being resold , presumably at cut -rate prices .
" The fuel was being placed into taxi cabs , vessels and other privately owned vehicles . "
The source of credit card numbers is n't identified in the court documents , but a card - skimming device was found in the Garcia - Oliveras '
home in a raid this month , along with 96 blank Visa gift cards .
Fed Blotter is Threat Level 's weekly roundup of computer crime cases in the federal courts .
If you 've been indicted , or are about to be , please let us know .
See Also :
Although the first images released from the Satellite are half - meter ground resolution , GeoEye - 1 is actually capable of capturing much more precise images .
Due to U.S. licensing restrictions , commercial customers -- like Google - - can only be given access to imagery that has been processed to half - meter ground resolution .
But the GeoEye - 1 satellite actually collects 0.41 - meter ground resolution black - and - white imagery in the panchromatic mode and 1.65 - meter color imagery in multispectral mode .
The National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency and Google - sponsored GeoEye - 1 satellite , which was launched on September 6 , has begun capturing image data from its orbit 423 miles above Earth .
The satellite had been undergoing calibration and check out since launch , but transmitted its first , full color half - meter ground resolution images yesterday .
Although the first images released from the Satellite are half - meter ground resolution , GeoEye - 1 is actually capable of capturing much more precise images .
Due to U.S. licensing restrictions , commercial customers -- like Google - - can only be given access to imagery that has been processed to half - meter ground resolution .
But the GeoEye - 1 satellite actually collects 0.41 - meter ground resolution black - and - white imagery in the panchromatic mode and 1.65 - meter color imagery in multispectral mode .
Click Image For Hi-Res Version JPEG
This first image released by the GeoEye - 1 team shows Kutztown University , which is located midway between Reading and Allentown , Penn .
The image was produced by fusing the satellite 's panchromatic and multispectral data to produce a high - quality , true - color image .
Images captured by the satellite already show great detail , but engineers working on the project expect them to get even better as they continue to dial in the calibration .
Matthew O'Connell , GeoEye's chief executive officer , said , " We are pleased to release the first GeoEye - 1 image , bringing us even closer to the start of the satellite 's commercial operations and sales to our customers .
This is a remarkable achievement , and I want to thank all of our employees , customers , especially the National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency , strategic partners , vendors and investors for their support . "
The Kutztown University image shows the campus , which includes academic buildings , parking lots , roads , athletic fields and the track - and - field facility .
The image was collected at 12:00 p.m. EDT on Oct. 7 , 2008 while GeoEye - 1 was moving north to south in a 423 - mile - high ( 681 km ) orbit over the eastern seaboard of the U.S. at a speed of four - and - one - half miles per second .
The GeoEye - 1 satellite was built by General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems in Gilbert , Ariz .
The imaging system , however , was built by ITT in Rochester , NY .
We are unsure when image data captured by the new GeoEye - 1 satellite will make its way into Google Earth or Google Maps , but once it does expect the clarity and resolution to be much better than what is available today .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Cities in northern England such as Liverpool , Sunderland and Bradford are " beyond revival " and residents should move south , a think tank has argued .
Policy Exchange said current regeneration policies were " failing " the people they were supposed to help .
A mass migration to London , Cambridge and Oxford would stop them becoming " trapped " in poorer areas , it said .
The think tank is seen as being close to David Cameron but the Tory leader branded its findings " insane " .
Mr Cameron - who is on a two - day tour of marginal constituencies in the North of England - will be keen to minimise any embarrassment as he seeks to gain ground in traditional Labour heartlands .
' Plain stupid '
He said : " The authors of this report have themselves admitted it is barmy , it is n't , it is insane .
" Regeneration of our northern cities has been a key Conservative theme over the past three years , and one of the first things I did as leader was to set up the Cities Taskforce to look in to how we can further renew and regenerate our great cities . "
LIVERPOOL Population : 436,100
Average weekly income : £ 431.0 Unemployment : 9.7 % Source : ONS 2007
The report has also been met with anger in the northern cities it singles out as beyond hope of economic recovery .
Warren Bradley , Lib Dem leader of Liverpool city council , said : " Liverpool 's population is rising , crime is falling - we 're one of the UK 's safest cities - and tourism is booming .
" This report has been widely ridiculed from Darlington to Devon as plain stupid and wrong .
Its authors said it was likely to be dismissed as barmy .
It 's the only thing they got right . "
' Reality ' Labour MP Peter Kilfoyle described the report as " utter nonsense " .
" It does n't ring true economically , socially or politically , " added the Liverpool Walton MP .
The Policy Exchange report said the three million affordable new homes planned by the government should be built in London , Oxford and Cambridge to enable people to migrate south .
People should be told the " reality " to avoid them becoming " trapped " in less prosperous parts of the country .
OXFORD Population : 149,100 Average weekly income : £ 495.20 Unemployment : 5.8 % i>Source : ONS 2007
The authors concluded that coastal cities like Liverpool and Sunderland had " lost much of their raison d'etre " with the decline of shipping and had " little prospect of offering their residents the standard of living to which they aspire " .
It was time to be " realistic about the ability of cities such as Manchester , Leeds and Newcastle to regenerate struggling nearby towns .
" No - one is suggesting that residents should be forced to move , but we do argue that they should be told the reality of the position : regeneration , in the sense of convergence , will not happen , because it is not possible , " it concluded .
' Economic power - houses '
Restrictions on house - building in the south - east should be lifted to lower house prices and stop people on low incomes being " trapped " in less prosperous parts of the country , the authors said .
Land earmarked for industrial use should be released for housing .
The resulting price increase for industrial land would force some firms to relocate to cheaper areas , meaning more jobs for people in struggling towns and cities .
HAVE YOUR SAY Newcastle is lovely these days .
London is hardly a model city .
I 'd sooner live in Liverpool any day of the week .
Tony Harrison , Somerset
The university cities of Oxford and Cambridge were well placed to become the economic power - houses of the 21st Century , it argued , like the industrial north more than a century ago .
" We should consider expanding both dramatically , just as Liverpool and Manchester expanded in the 19th Century .
Dynamic economies require dynamic economic geography . "
The authors included Tim Leunig , a lecturer in economic history at the London School of Economics , who said : " No doubt some people will claim that these proposals are unworkable , unreasonable and perhaps plain barmy .
" But the issue is clear : current regeneration policies are failing the very people they are supposed to be helping and there is no evidence that the trend will be reversed without radical changes . "
Liverpool is the 2008 European Capital of Culture
He said internal migration had always been an important part of a dynamic economy and people had to be allowed to move to places offering more opportunities .
A spokeswoman for the Department for Communities and Local Government spokesperson said : " We totally disagree with the conclusions of this report .
" No government has done more to turn around decades of neglect , and since 1997 cities like Manchester , Liverpool and Newcastle have benefited from thousands of new jobs , lower crime rates and better living standards thanks to our sustained commitment to regeneration , and investment in public services .
" Policy Exchange , which has been described as David Cameron 's favourite think tank , is a registered charity set up in 2002 by Nicholas Boles , who recently worked as London Mayor Boris Johnson 's chief of staff , and Michael Gove , who went on to become shadow education secretary .
It says its mission is to develop policy ideas " which will foster a free society based on strong communities , personal freedom , limited government , national self - confidence and an enterprise culture " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
NASHVILLE , Tennessee ( CNN ) --
A national poll of debate watchers suggests that Sen. Barack Obama won the second presidential debate .
Fifty - four percent of those questioned in a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey conducted after the debate ended said that Obama did the best job in the debate , with 30 percent saying Sen.
John McCain performed better .
According to the poll , 64 percent had a favorable opinion of Obama after the debate , up 4 points from before the event .
Fifty - one percent of those polled had a favorable opinion of McCain after the debate , unchanged from before its start .
A majority said Obama seemed to be the stronger leader during the debate , 54 percent to 43 percent , and by a more than 2 - to - 1 ratio -- 65 percent to 28 percent -- viewers thought Obama was more likable during the debate .
CNN polling director Keating Holland said Obama made some gains on the leadership issue even before the debate .
" McCain 's advantage on leadership shrunk from 19 points in September to just 5 points this weekend , " Holland said .
" If Obama can use this debate to convince Americans that he is a stronger leader than McCain , he may be difficult to defeat . "
Watch entire debate : 1 » | 2 » | 3 »
A majority of debate watchers polled thought Obama was more intelligent , by a 57 percent to 25 percent margin over McCain .
Debate watchers also thought Obama more clearly expressed his views by a 2 - to - 1 ratio , 60 percent to 30 percent .
Debate watchers questioned thought McCain , rather than Obama , spent more time attacking his opponent , with 63 percent saying McCain went more on the attack , as opposed to just 17 percent saying Obama .
Half of those polled said Obama answered questions more directly , 13 points ahead of McCain , and by a 14 - point margin , debate watchers thought Obama seemed to care more about the problems of audience members who asked questions .
Read entire transcript of debate
McCain did come out on top in one category that neither candidate wants to win .
By a 16 - point margin , debate watchers thought the Arizona senator seemed more like a typical politician during the debate .
" For McCain , the key finding may be that his favorable rating did not change at all , " Holland said .
" It 's unclear whether Obama will gain any momentum from Tuesday night 's debate , but it looks like McCain will not do so .
For a candidate who has consistently been a few points behind in national polls , that 's not a good sign . "
The poll suggests that independent voters thought Obama won the debate .
Fifty - four percent of those identifying themselves as independents said the Illinois senator performed best , with 28 percent saying that McCain did the better job .
iReport.com :
Who do you think won the debate
Among Democrats , 85 percent said Obama won , with just 5 percent saying McCain did better .
Among Republicans , 64 percent said McCain won , with 16 percent saying Obama did better .
Most debate watchers thought Obama won the first presidential debate September 26 .
According to a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll taken after that debate , 51 percent of those polled thought Obama did the better job , while 38 percent said John McCain did better .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted by telephone with 675 adult Americans who watched the debate .
All interviews were taken after the end of the debate .
Full coverage of the debates
The audience for Tuesday 's debate was 38 percent Democratic and 31 percent Republican , which is very close to the partisan breakdown among all Americans nationwide .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 4 percentage points .
All About Barack Obama • John McCain
Here we have a gallery of Hatsune Miku images of extreme quality ; with images gathered by both the Vippers and myself , the candidate images came to some three hundred .
Since this is unwieldy , I went through and further selected what in my opinion form the top hundred , which are posted below .
The rest , which are by no means bad , I have posted together with these images to Sankaku Channel : this link will display the appropriate tag .
You may browse the quality digest below , or take advantage of the much richer experience offered on the Channel , and evaluate them yourself .
Animated ( view whole image ) :
1 .
The salient feature of the current financial crisis is that it was not caused by some external shock like OPEC raising the price of oil or a particular country or financial institution defaulting .
The crisis was generated by the financial system itself .
This fact — that the defect was inherent in the system — contradicts the prevailing theory , which holds that financial markets tend toward equilibrium and that deviations from the equilibrium either occur in a random manner or are caused by some sudden external event to which markets have difficulty adjusting .
The severity and amplitude of the crisis provides convincing evidence that there is something fundamentally wrong with this prevailing theory and with the approach to market regulation that has gone with it .
To understand what has happened , and what should be done to avoid such a catastrophic crisis in the future , will require a new way of thinking about how markets work .
Consider how the crisis has unfolded over the past eighteen months .
The proximate cause is to be found in the housing bubble or more exactly in the excesses of the subprime mortgage market .
The longer a double - digit rise in house prices lasted , the more lax the lending practices became .
In the end , people could borrow 100 percent of inflated house prices with no money down .
Insiders referred to subprime loans as ninja loans — no income , no job , no questions asked .
The excesses became evident after house prices peaked in 2006 and subprime mortgage lenders began declaring bankruptcy around March 2007 .
The problems reached crisis proportions in August 2007 .
The Federal Reserve and other financial authorities had believed that the subprime crisis was an isolated phenomenon that might cause losses of around $ 100 billion .
Instead , the crisis spread with amazing rapidity to other markets .
Some highly leveraged hedge funds collapsed and some lightly regulated financial institutions , notably the largest mortgage originator in the US , Countrywide Financial , had to be acquired by other institutions in order to survive .
Confidence in the creditworthiness of many financial institutions was shaken and interbank lending was disrupted .
In quick succession , a variety of esoteric credit markets — ranging from collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) to auction - rated municipal bonds — broke down one after another .
After periods of relative calm and partial recovery , crisis episodes recurred in January 2008 , precipitated by a rogue trader at Société Générale ; in March , associated with the demise of Bear Stearns ; and then in July , when IndyMac Bank , the largest savings bank in the Los Angeles area , went into receivership , becoming the fourth - largest bank failure in US history .
The deepest fall of all came in September , caused by the disorderly bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in which holders of commercial paper — for example , short - term , unsecured promissory notes — issued by Lehman lost their money .
Then the inconceivable occurred : the financial system actually melted down .
A large money market fund that had invested in commercial paper issued by Lehman Brothers “ broke the buck , ” i.e. , its asset value fell below the dollar amount deposited , breaking an implicit promise that deposits in …
When looking up the Ig Nobel prizes for Monday ’s post , I was intrigued by the mention that slime molds can solve puzzles .
As near as I can tell , here ’s what was going on :
The Cast of Characters : Your everyday Physarum polycephalum , otherwise known as slime mold .
Normally this mold likes to hand out in dark places , like under logs , but according to sites like this it can be useful to scientists because the cells are huge and easy to see .
( “ Cell ” might be the wrong word ; apparently lots of cells fuse together into one giant creeping amoeba - like thing . )
The Temptation : Slime mold gets hungry and wants to eat .
Normally it eats things like rotten plants , but for illustrative purposes we ’ll use a carrot and a cupcake .
The Problem :
What if the slime mold is in a maze , and there are two pieces of food ?
If it were just one , then the mold would check out the entire maze and head over to the nutrients .
With two different pieces of food , however , it runs into a problem : it ca n’t be in two places at once , and it ’s not patient enough to eat one item and then move to the other .
The solution :
It stretches between the two nutrients using the shortest path .
It was for this recognition − that the slime mold was finding the shortest path − that Toshiyuki Nakagaki , Hiroyasu Yamadam , and Ágota Tóth won the Ig Nobel prize in Cognitive Science ( for their September 2000 article “ Intelligence : Maze - Solving by an Amoeboid Organism , ” in Nature magazine ) .
The article requires a subscription , but even without one you can look at a series of photos here .
[ From the photos , it looks to me like the slime is actually checking out a few different paths , but among them is the shortest . ]
The follow - up : Almost three years later , the first two authors ( Toshiyuki Nakagaki and Hiroyasu Yamadac ) and a third ( Masahiko Hara ) pointed out that when the mold was trying to get to food in several different locations , it did the same trick of trying to be at each food source at once .
Furthermore , “ These findings indicate that the plasmodium can achieve a better solution to the problem of network configuration than is provided by the shortest connection of Steiner ’s minimum tree . ” ( from the abstract to “ Smart network solutions in an amoeboid organism , ” which appeared in the magazine Biophysical Chemistry in January 2004 ) .
But wait , there ’s more !
Klaus - Peter Zaune created a six - legged robot that was powered by this same kind of mold .
Slime mold generally avoids the light ; circuits underneath the slime could sense the stuff shying away , and that caused the robot to move away as well .
The robot made its appearance at the Second International Workshop on Biologically Inspired Approaches to Advanced Information Technology in January 2006 , according to New Scientist .
Finally , a January 2008 article back in Nature ( “ Cellular memory hints at the origins of intelligence ” by Philip Ball ) states that Slime Mold remembers the things it ’s done :
When the amoeba Physarum polycephalum is subjected to a series of shocks at regular intervals , it learns the pattern and changes its behaviour in anticipation of the next one to come .
Poor slime mold , getting those shocks .
I ’m sure it would prefer the carrot .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : maze , Physarum polycephalum , slime mold
It 's what could make the final difference in this campaign .
As I said on Chris Matthews this morning , this race has tightened a bit already and will probably tighten again .
But it is also possible that the race could widen , and defy the final polls - in Obama 's direction .
Why ?
Money and organization :
Obama 's primary campaign was brilliant , not just because his message was so powerful : it was because he worked out how to make the machinery of politics work for him .
He mastered the art of the caucus ; he used the internet as a way to find voters and then got them to the primaries and caucuses .
He beat the Clintons largely because he out - hustled them on the ground .
Remember 2004 ?
The reason Karl Rove and George Bush won , despite losing in many polls , was because they found and organised a new bloc of white , evangelical voters and brought them to the ballot box .
This time , it ’s Obama who has found the new voters under the radar : the young , the disengaged , various minorities and a large phalanx of middle - class white Americans .
Of all the unprecedented money he has raised , he has poured an equally unprecedented amount into his ground game .
Staff and volunteers are right now working phones relentlessly , walking streets , knocking on doors , constructing peer - to - peer networks and focusing almost mani-cally on turning out their voters on election day and before .
Obama has even managed to insert ads for early voting into video games .
Voting has already begun in many states , by postal vote and old - fashioned ballot boxes .
The candidate who has the superior organisation will add at least a couple of points to his eventual margin .
I know of no objective observer who does n’t believe that Obama ’s ground game is much , much better than McCain ’s right now .
His major enemy is complacency among the young .
( Photo : Democratic presidential nominee U.S. Sen. Barack Obama ( D - IL ) speaks during a campaign event at the Gateway arch in the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial October 18 , 2008 in St Louis , Missouri .
By Joe Raedle / Getty Images . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A reader writes :
Those who are wondering if the youth will turn out ought to see what I saw this morning .
One well - known government professor here told me that she has never seen so many students vote in the first hour of voting as she saw this morning .
And I 've never seen so many students up and alert at this hour .
They 're normally stumbling out of bed to make it to their 10 a.m. courses .
Today , the campus has been buzzing for hours this morning .
It appears that many of them decided to go to the polls as groups of twos , threes , fours and more when the polls opened at 7 a.m .
The number of students I saw by 8 a.m. walking around with " I voted " stickers on is astonishing .
At breakfast , I sat next to a table of four black students , all of whom had voted .
The three men were wearing ties .
I asked them why .
The answer :
It was their first election , and they wanted to mark the occasion .
Speaking in unusually blunt terms for a senior law enforcement official , El Paso , Texas chief of police Greg Allen has decried the polygraph as a “ piece of junk , ” while El Paso Municipal Police Officers Association president Bobby Holguin has pronounced it “ garbage . ”
Adriana M. Chávez reports for the El Paso Times :
EL PASO — The El Paso Police Department has dropped the use of polygraph exams — commonly known as lie detector tests — on police officers during internal investigations because the results were considered useless .
Until several months ago , the exams were used when complaints were filed against officers .
Police Chief Greg Allen , who was appointed police chief in late March , called the exams a “ piece of junk ” and the president of the police union said they are “ garbage . ”
In August , the El Paso City Council approved a new contract with the El Paso Municipal Officers Association that made it possible for an officer to request an independent polygraph examiner to administer the test , instead of one employed by the department , if the chief requests a polygraph test .
But the new administration of Chief Allen simply decided to not use them even though they are still an option .
Criminal suspects also have the option of taking a polygraph test , said police spokesman Officer Chris Mears .
The Police Department has three police officers who are certified to administer polygraph tests .
Both Allen and El Paso Municipal Police Officers Association President Robert “ Bobby ” Holguin said they have issues with the accuracy of polygraph tests .
Allen and Holguin are in good company .
The consensus view among scientists is that polygraphy has no scientific basis .
“ I do n’t like intimidating people .
I do n’t like the threatening attitude of the machine , ” Allen said .
“ It ’s a good tool if you want to scare someone to tell the truth , but often the truth comes to the surface anyway . ”
Allen recalled an investigation of an officer whose polygraph results were interpreted differently by three polygraph examiners .
” One said the officer was telling the truth , another said the test was inconclusive , and another said the officer was lying , ” Allen said .
“ The polygraph has become the deciding factor when it ’s not supposed to be . ”
Indeed , there is little difference , in practical terms , between the urban legendary colander wired to a photocopier and the “ real ” lie detector , as pointed out in AntiPolygraph.org ’s short video , “ Of Colanders and Lie Detectors ” :
Former police Chief Richard Wiles said in the four years he was chief , he requested officers undergo polygraph testing about 12 times .
“ There needs to be an understanding that the vast majority of those in the Police Department are good people doing the right thing , but you get people from time to time who do n’t belong there , ” Wiles said .
The polygraph “ is not the cure all .
It ’s not 100 percent , but it helps get to the truth of the matter . ”
Indeed , the polygraph can help to get to the truth of the matter when a naive and gullible offender can be convinced that the polygraph can actually detect deception .
But polygraphy is inherently biased against the truthful , and false accusations of deception are common .
See AntiPolygraph.org ’s Personal Statements page for examples .
Holguin called the polygraph “ a piece of garbage ” and bashed its accuracy and inadmissability in state and federal courts .
“ If it was an exact art , I ’d be all for it , but it ’s not even close to an exact art , ” Holguin said .
“ If an officer ’s done wrong , we ’re all for the officer being treated accordingly .
At the same time , we do n’t want this to affect officers who are not doing anything wrong . ”
Holguin ’s criticism of the polygraph is spot-on .
Opposition to polygraphy does n’t mean being soft on corruption .
It means being clear eyed about the reality that the lie detector is bogus .
Make believe science yields make believe security .
The El Paso County Sheriff ’s Office currently uses polygraphs during internal investigations , something Wiles said he plans to continue if he wins in Tuesday ’s election .
However , Republican sheriff candidate George Rodriguez Stoltz said he does n’t plan to ask deputies to submit to such testing .
“ I have full faith in investigators who are highly trained , ” Stoltz said .
“ Forensic evidence always outweighs the polygraph . ”
Stoltz is right , and Wiles should learn from the El Paso Police Department ’s example .
While the Police Department dropped the use of lie detector tests , the FBI still relies on them .
And in a unique twist , a California motorcycle gang used them recently to test prospective gang members , which included several federal undercover agents who infiltrated the group .
For discussion of this case , see ATF Agents Beat the Polygraph to Infiltrate Mongols Motorcycle Gang on the AntiPolygraph.org message board .
The FBI still counts on polygraphs in screening potential employees and for internal investigations .
“ Individuals with access to certain sensitive programs or cases are polygraphed , and the polygraph is used during serious internal inquiries to resolve unexplained anomalies and ambiguities , ” said Bill Carter , national FBI spokesman .
“ From an investigative standpoint , the FBI believes the polygraph to be a reliable and valuable investigative tool , which can be used to further investigations . ”
Carter said the FBI does n’t exclusively rely on the polygraph , instead using it as “ an aid in determining whether a person has pertinent knowledge of a particular matter under investigation or inquiry . ”
The FBI ’s continued reliance on the pseudoscience of polygraphy is in direct defiance of the National Academy of Sciences , which concluded that “ [ polygraph testing ’s ] accuracy in distinguishing actual or potential security violators from innocent test takers is insufficient to justify reliance on its use in employee security screening in federal agencies . ”
The El Paso Police Department ’s decision to end the practice of polygraphing police officers in internal investigations is a good first step .
But this junk science is invalid in all situations .
Pre-employment polygraph screening of police applicants should also be scrapped .
There is no justification for a double standard in this regard .
As the US presidential election reaches a climax against the background of the financial crisis , another silent , dark , time bomb of an issue hangs over the two candidates : torture .
For now , there seems to be a shared desire not to delve too deeply into the circumstances in which the Bush administration allowed the US military and the CIA to embrace abusive techniques of interrogation - including waterboarding , in the case of the CIA - which violate the Geneva conventions and the 1984 UN torture convention .
The torture issue 's cancerous consequences go deep , and will cause headaches for the next president .
New evidence has emerged in Congressional inquiries that throw more light on the extent to which early knowledge and approval of the abuse went to the highest levels .
What does a country do when compelling evidence shows its leaders have authorised international crimes ?
For three years I have followed a trail which leads unambiguously to the conclusion that the real bad eggs were not Lyndie England or others on the ground in Abu Ghraib , but the most senior officials in the White House , the Pentagon and the department of justice .
Over recent months , Congress has been looking into the role of senior officials involved in the development of interrogation rules .
These have attracted relatively scant attention ; little by little , however , senators and congressmen have uncovered the outlines of a potentially far - reaching criminal conspiracy .
The first hearings were convened before the judiciary committee of the House of Representatives , at the instance of its chairman , Congressman John Conyers , apparently off the back of my book Torture Team .
Parallel hearings have been held before the Senate armed services committee .
The evidence that has emerged is potentially devastating .
It confirms , for instance , that the search for new interrogation techniques for use at Guantánamo began not with the local military but in the offices of Donald Rumsfeld and his chief lawyer , Jim Haynes .
It shows that when the career military expressed objections on legal grounds , Haynes intervened to stop the normal process of review .
And it shows a previously unknown interplay between the department of defence and the CIA : a visit to Guantánamo in September 2002 by the administration 's most senior lawyers was followed days later by a senior CIA lawyer , to brief on the new techniques .
" If someone dies while aggressive techniques are being used , " he explained , " the backlash of attention would be severely detrimental . "
Last month the Senate armed services committee received new material from Condoleezza Rice , the first cabinet - level official to confirm high - level involvement in discussions on interrogation techniques .
" I participated in a number of meetings in 2002 and 2003 ... at which issues relating to detainees in US custody , including interrogation issues , were discussed , " she said .
Those present at such meetings included Rumsfeld , attorney general John Ashcroft , Colin Powell , Paul Wolfowitz and CIA director George Tenet .
The meetings , which concerned the CIA programme , " occurred inside the White House " .
Rice confirmed she was aware of the existence of , but did not read , the justice department legal advice of August 1 2002 that abandoned the international definition of torture and replaced it with a definition drawn from a US Medicare statute .
Buried away in this testimony lies the most dangerous material of all : evidence which may establish that abuses on detainees in Iraq in September 2003 , in the period perhaps including the events at Abu Ghraib , were the result of decisions taken at the highest levels of the administration .
The administration has long proclaimed it did not allow aggressive interrogations in Iraq , since the Geneva conventions applied .
Last month we learned this was false : not everyone had protection under Geneva .
If you were considered to be a terrorist , you had no protection at all .
A senior US intelligence officer visited Iraq in September 2003 .
He witnessed abusive interrogation techniques that violated Geneva and complained .
The response ?
He was told the techniques " were pre-approved by DoD GC or higher " .
DoD GC is the general counsel at the department of defence , Jim Haynes .
Who could be higher ?
His boss : Rumsfeld .
I have testified before Congress on these issues , and have been asked if there should be criminal investigations and prosecutions .
At the very least , the next US president must ensure the full facts are established .
It will then be for others to decide what follows .
But if the US does n't get its own house in order and restore its reputation for the rule of law , others will surely step in .
• Philippe Sands QC is professor of law at UCL , a barrister at Matrix Chambers and author of Torture Team p.sands@ucl.ac.uk
Asynchronous HTTP Cache Validations
HTTP caching can go a long way to help scale a web application - instead of dynamically serving every single request , we can use memcached , Squid , Varnish , or a multitude of other tools to respond in just a few milliseconds .
However , as developers at Yahoo have noted , there is a common failure scenario that is often left unaccounted for : what happens when the cache turns stale ?
If fresh responses come in a small number of milliseconds ( as they usually do in a well - tuned cache ) , while stale ones take 200 ms or more ( as running code often leads to ) , users will notice ( as will your execs ) .
The naïve solution is to pre-fetch things into cache before they become stale , but this leads to all sorts of problems ; deciding when to pre-fetch is a major headache , and if you do n’t get it right , you ’ll overload your cache , the network or your back - end systems , if not all three .
To address this problem Mark Nottingham recently proposed an HTTP caching extension : stale - while - revalidate .
A very simple idea at its core , this pattern can have an enormous impact on the user experience .
As the diagram shows , the tradeoff is freshness of data vs. response time .
Specifically , if your application can afford to show slightly out of date content ( colored grey ) , then stale - while - revalidate can guarantee that the user will always be served directly from the cache , hence guaranteeing a consistent response - time user - experience .
Proof of concept with Ruby and EventMachine
As Mark has noted in his diagram , the caching layer ( in his case , Squid - v2.6 supports stale - while - revalidate ) , would have to be extended to issue an asynchronous request to the application layer telling it to refresh the cache .
Also , interestingly enough , memcached FAQ elaborates on this exact scenario as well , offering a few suggestions for asynchronous updates : Gearman , and a recipe for Django .
Following in these footsteps , I ’ve built a proof of concept in Ruby , using EventMachine :
# www.igvita.com require ' rubygems ' require ' eventmachine ' require ' evma_httpserver ' require ' memcache ' class StaleWhileRevalidate < EventMachine :: Connection include EventMachine :: HttpServer attr_accessor : memcached attr_reader :http_request_uri , :http_query_string def process_http_request resp = EventMachine :: DelegatedHttpResponse .
new ( self ) response = proc do | data | resp .
status = 200 resp .
content = data resp .
send_response end #
Cache two keys : ' key ' ( with an expire ) and ' key - no - ttl ' ( with no expire ) # if ' key ' has expired , return value at ' key - no - ttl ' , and start an async # update process to update the cache # # key = full request path with query parameters cache_key = @http_request_uri . to_s + @http_query_string .
to_s keys = { : key => cache_key , : no_ttl => cache_key + " - no-ttl " , : processing => cache_key + " - processing " } cache = @memcached .
get_multi ( * keys .
values ) # async operation to compute value to be stored in the cache , in this case .. # data is a simple timestamp .
This is where actual app logic and processing # is done .
( talking to database , etc. ) operation = proc do sleep 5 @data =
Time .
now .
to_s end #
Callback to execute once the request is fulfilled , will update the # memcached values for future requests callback = proc do | res | # if cache is empty , then this is a new request , and we need to render # response back to user .
This is the only time the user will hit live # application server response .
call ( @data ) if cache .
empty ?
@memcached .
set ( keys [ : key ] , @data , 10 ) @memcached .
set ( keys [ : no_ttl ] , @data , 0 ) @memcached .
set ( keys [ : processing ] , 0 , 0 ) puts " \t app server updated cache !
New value for ' #{ keys [ : key ] } ' : #{ @data } " end # if key has not expired , then return immediately , we 're safe ! if cache [ cache_key ] puts " Valid cache for : #{ cache_key } :: Data :: #{ cache [ cache_key ] } " response .
call ( cache [ cache_key ] ) else # check if we 've seen this request before ... if so we 'll have the no-ttl # key , which we 'll return immediately , and then start an async process # to update the stale cache if cache [ keys [ : no_ttl ] ] puts " Stale cache for : #{ keys [ : key ] } :: Data :: # { cache [ keys [ : no_ttl ] ] } :: Processing ? :: #{ cache [ keys [ : processing ] ] } " response .
call ( cache [ keys [ : no_ttl ] ] ) # set processing flag to true , this avoids multiple requests piling on # while the async query is waiting to complete @memcached .
set ( keys [ : processing ] , 1 , 0 ) end EM . defer ( operation , callback ) if cache [ keys [ : processing ] ]. to_i != 1 end end end EventMachine :: run { @memcached = MemCache . new ( " localhost : 11211 " )
EventMachine :: start_server ( " 0.0.0.0 " , 8081 , StaleWhileRevalidate ) { | conn | conn .
memcached = @memcached } puts " Listening on port 8081 . " }
The application logic is simple : if we have never seen this request , process , and cache it ; if we ’ve seen this request , and the cache is valid , then render response ; if we ’ve seen this response , but the cache is stale , render the stale version immediately , and then continue the process to update the cache .
Also , to avoid the ‘ stampeding ’ effect , we ’ve added a flag to mark a request as in - progress , to indicate that an application server is working on updating the cache .
Connecting all the pieces together , let ’s take a look at the server output for a few incoming requests :
Listening on port 8081 .
app server updated cache !
New value for '/ test / path ' : Sun Oct 05 22:12:25 -0400 2008
Valid cache for : / test / path :: Sun Oct 05 22:12:25 -0400 2008
Valid cache for : / test / path :: Sun Oct 05 22:12:25 -0400 2008
Stale cache for : / test / path :: Sun Oct 05 22:12:25 -0400 2008 :: Processing ? :: 0 Stale cache for : / test / path :: Sun Oct 05 22:12:25 -0400 2008 :: Processing ? :: 1 app server updated cache !
New value for '/ test / path ' : Sun Oct 05 22:12:40 -0400 2008
Valid cache for : / test / path :: Sun Oct 05 22:12:40 -0400 2008
Valid cache for : / test / path :: Sun Oct 05 22:12:40 -0400 2008
As you can see , the first request sets the cache , and subsequent two requests are served from it .
Then , once the cache turns stale ( after 10 seconds ) , two requests saw stale data , while the application server was busy updating the cache !
This pattern can be easily extracted into a Rails / Merb plugin format ( as well as , improved : duplication of stored data , etc. ) , but ideally this logic should live in a layer above .
Connecting Nginx and Memached directly can yield spectacular results , and it would be great to see a modified Memcached module for Nginx which could take advantage of this pattern as well ( memcached_revalidate ? ) - no modifications on the application layer , and native support for any framework or language by definition .
It 's hard to believe we 've been living in the Space Age for over fifty years .
I remember watching the first Space Shuttle launch at school in
1981 , and feeling a rush because even though I was young , I knew something really neat and new was happening , but by that time going to space was n't new .
I was born after the last moon landing , and can only imagine what it felt like to watch Neil Armstrong hop off the Eagle 's ladder , or to wonder if the crew of Apollo 13 was going to make it back alive .
On October 1 , 1958 , when NASA was officially founded , the Soviet Union was winning the space race .
The United States had finally managed to launch a satellite into Earth orbit in January of that year , but now the race was on to launch a human being into space .
The launch of Sputnik the year before had served notice to the U.S. that , in order to keep up with their Cold War adversary , they had to get going .
As a result , President Eisenhower ordered the conversion of the old National Advisory Committee on Aeronautics , which had been founded in 1915 but had never really done much , into NASA , and poured money into it .
Anyone who 's been to the National Air & Space Museum knows how brave astronauts were , and are .
Seeing the flimsy - looking metal canisters in which they let themselves be launched into space , with the full knowledge that the slightest mistake could kill them , makes me wonder how anyone could do such a thing .
And I 'm fully aware of the politics behind the race to Earth orbit , and the race to the moon , and I know NASA 's history has plenty of black marks on it , but , while of course it 's important to remember those who 've lost their lives , space travel is still such an awesome thing .
So , just for today , let 's try to remember that the men and women who have been to space did so primarily for science .
And let 's remember all the brilliant men and women whose intensely difficult work made the journeys to space , and back , possible .
There 's plenty more they have planned for the next 50 years , assuming the money is there for them to do it .
As geek parents , it 's our duty to make sure our kids understand the importance of space exploration , and I have no doubt that our readers do their part .
So please join with us at GeekDad in wishing NASA a happy 50th birthday !
The Obama channel
Channel 73 on the Dish Network is now The Obama Channel .
Obama 's media buying strategy has been marked by a willingness to work the angles and to try to pick up a few votes at the margins .
The decision to go to everything from extensive radio buys to odd - hour infomercials reflects the fact that the campaign media buyers spend a lot of time thinking about how much persuasion any given dollar can buy , and given a very cheap format — late night cable channels that need filler , for instance — will settle for a thimblefull of persuasion .
The satellite channel is the latest of these marginal gambits :
Three readers from different parts of the country email that Channel 073-00 on the Dish Network is now labeled OBAMA .
( " What is up with Sen. Obama having his own channel ? " asks a St. Louis reader . )
The channel plays his two - minute ad laying out his economic plan on a loop , over and over .
The only explanation :
The media buyers think they can reach enough people per dollar to make it worth the odd buy .
The channel 's appearance has provoked scorn and alarm on conservative blogs , though , and some discussion on a forum for Satellite TV aficionados , where one user writes that a Dish Network executive e-mailed to reassure the user that it " is paid advertising by the Obama campaign and is not an endorsement of Sen. Obama by DISH Network " and will broadcast through Nov. 4 .
" DISH Network Channel 73 is paid advertising by the Obama campaign and is not an endorsement of Senator Obama by DISH Network .
DISH
Network made the same offer to the McCain campaign , an offer that remains open , " Dish Network spokesman Parker McConachie emailed Politico .
UPDATE : Thursday , viewers said , the Obama channel started airing a wider variety of Obama content than just his two - minute ad , including other ads and the video that introduced him at the Democratic National Convention .
See Also
0
1
2
1
2
t
t+1
t
t
This post is going to talk about one player games ( which I 'll call 1PGs , or just games ) .
They seem pretty stupid at first , but it turns out that they have a lot of rich and applicable theory .
The idea is that at any position in a 1PG there is a set of new positions that you can move to .
You lose when you have no legal moves and the goal is to avoid losing for as long as you can .
For convenience , let 's identify your position in a 1PG with the set of positions you could move to .
A position in a 1PG is just another 1PG .
So we can give the following recursive formal definition of a 1PG : A one player game is either the losing position with no legal moves , denoted by ∅ , or a set of one player games .
A sequence of legal moves in a 1PG , say x , is then a sequence of the form x ∋x∋x∋x ∋ .... Did you notice that I sneaked in a really big restriction on 1PGs in that definition ?
My definition means that 1PGs are the same thing as sets .
And sets are well - founded meaning that any sequence of the form x ∋x_0 ∋x∋x∋ ... eventually terminates .
So my definition implicitly contains the restriction that you always eventually lose .
That 's fine for my purposes .
Now suppose that x ∋y ∋z is a legal sequence of plays in some 1PG .
You might as well assume that z is in x .
The reason is that if z were a legal move from x , you would n't take it , because in order to delay the inevitable you 're going to prefer to go via y .
So we 'll assume that any game x is " transitively closed " , ie .
if x∋y and y∋z then x∋z .
Now I want to restrict things even further to the most boring kind of 1 PG of all , games where the successor moves are all totally ordered .
Intuitively what I mean is that you can think of every move in the game as simply moving you along a ' line ' .
Given any two positions in the game , x and y , either x∋y , or y∈x , or x=y .
In these games there are no branches , the only thing you can do in these games is delay the inevitable .
A bit like life really .
We 'll also use the notation aBuchberger algorithm we can map the first step to ω , for some n .
And if we do n't know what n is , we can just start with ω .
If you take a peek at the papers of Nachum Dershowitz you 'll see how he applies this technique to many other types of rewrite rule .
Transfinite ordinals are not as esoteric as they may first appear to be .
Using them to prove termination goes back to Turing and Floyd but I learnt about the method from reading Dershowitz .
( I think Floyd suggested using the method to prove termination of the standard rewrite rules for computing derivatives of expressions .
It 's tricky because differentiating a large product , say , can result in many new terms , so there 's a race between the derivative ' knocking down ' powers , and products causing growth . )
Probably the best example of using ordinals to prove the termination of a process is in the Hydra game .
What 's amazing about this game is that you need quite powerful axioms of arithmetic to prove termination .
One more thing .
All of this theory generalises to two player games Update : I think mjd may have been about to write on the same thing .
On the other hand , though he mentions program termination , he says of it " But none of that is what I was planning to discuss " .
So maybe what I 've written can be seen as complementary .
A clip from the documentary that PBS does n't have the balls to show before the election .
You can see the whole documentary here .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Daily Mail editor - in - chief Paul Dacre has launched an attack on a High Court judge , accusing him of bringing in a privacy law by the back door .
He said Mr Justice Eady had used the Human Rights
Act against the age - old freedom of newspapers to expose moral shortcomings of people in high places .
Mr Justice Eady ruled in favour of motorsport boss Max Mosley in his legal action against the News of the World .
Former Lord Chancellor Lord Falconer said the judge did the right thing .
The paper had correctly reported that Mr Mosley , the head of world motorsport 's governing body , had taken part in a sado - masochistic sex session with five prostitutes , but falsely claimed that it had had a Nazi theme .
' Wretched Act ' Mr Justice Eady ruled in July that the paper had breached Mr Mosley 's privacy , saying he could expect privacy for consensual " sexual activities ( albeit unconventional ) " .
Mr Dacre told the audience at Society of Editors ' annual conference in Bristol that the judge 's " amoral " judgements , in this and other defamation and libel cases , were " inexorably and insidiously " imposing a privacy law on the press .
It is the others I care about - the crooks , the liars , the cheats , the rich and the corrupt sheltering behind a law of privacy being created by an unaccountable judge
Paul Dacre , Daily Mail editor - in- chief
The ' privacy law judge ' " If Gordon Brown wanted to force a privacy law , he would have to set out a bill , arguing his case in both Houses of Parliament , withstand public scrutiny and win a series of votes , " he said .
" Now , thanks to the wretched Human Rights Act , one judge with a subjective and highly relativist moral sense can do the same with a stroke of his pen . "
Mr Dacre said this had huge implications for newspapers and for society .
Public shaming had always been a vital element in defending the parameters of what are considered acceptable standards of social behaviour , he said .
Without the freedom to write about scandal , newspaper sales would fall , creating " worrying implications " for the democratic process , he said .
" Now , some revile a moralising media .
Others , such as myself , believe it is the duty of the media to take an ethical stand .
" Either way , it is a choice but Justice Eady - with his awesome powers - has taken away our freedom of expression to make that choice . "
Mr Justice Eady , a specialist in defamation and libel , has presided over a number of high - profile newspaper cases .
In 2003 he awarded John Cleese £ 13,500 after the London Evening Standard wrote a disparaging story about the comedian 's move to the United States .
In 2005 he ruled that parts of a book written about the singer Loreena McKennit had to be removed because author Niema Ash , her former best friend , had breached a duty of confidence .
' Legitimately private ' Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme , Lord Falconer defended Mr Justice Eady 's role .
He said it was not necessarily acceptable for public figures to have aspects of their private lives , such as abortions and other medical treatments , reported in the newspapers .
" Of course , if I 'm acting hypocritically or I 'm accountable , or there 's something that may affect what I do in my public life which emerges from my private life , then that should be published .
" But there are things which are private and just as we do n't want the state to know everything about us , do we want things that are legitimately private to be made public ?
I do n't think we do . "
He stressed that the Human Rights Act had been introduced and debated by elected MPs and Mr Justice Eady had interpreted the parliamentary legislation correctly .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
However , Graham Dudman , managing editor of The Sun , said : " The issue here is that Justice Eady is unelected and unaccountable .
" Parliament has not made these decisions , one man has . "
A spokesman for Gordon Brown said the prime minister viewed Mr Dacre 's speech as " an interesting and useful contribution to the debate " .
The spokesman said the ruling had been made by an independent judge .
But he added : " There is a balance that needs to be struck between the right to privacy and the right to expression . "
The Judicial Communications Office , which assists senior judges with their roles , said : " Judges determine privacy cases in accordance with the law , and the particular evidence presented by both parties .
" Any High Court judgment can be appealed to the Court of Appeal . "
Mr Dacre , who has a reputation for avoiding publicity , also turned his attention to the BBC , saying " we are witnessing the seemingly inexorable growth of what is effectively a dominant state - sponsored news service " .
He accused the corporation of seeing off rival TV stations , crippling commercial radio and " distorting the free market for internet newspapers " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Swiss bank UBS today underlined the ongoing scale of the financial crisis by warning that its earnings will continue to be squeezed in the last three months of this year .
Conceding that markets remain " parlous , " John Cryan , chief financial officer , told analysts UBS could be hit by at least Sfr6bn ( £ 3.2 bn ) losses , including Sfr4bn related to its recent bail - out by the Swiss national bank .
Restructuring charges would also depress profits .
Confirming it made a net profit of Sfr296 m in the third quarter , its first for a year , UBS said it had suffered record levels of outflows - Sfr49.3bn - from its wealth management businesses .
Its well - heeled customers , partly out of fear of the Swiss bank 's damaged reputation , fled in huge numbers after Lehman Brothers collapsed in September .
UBS 's asset management also saw net outflow of Sfr34.4bn as panic gripped markets , bringing the total quarterly outflow to Sfr83.6bn .
An ultra-cautious Cryan said there were " encouraging " signs of new inflows since the central bank took over most of UBS 's toxic assets in mid-October .
" But I do n't want to be misleading , " he hastily added .
Cryan said the outflows had been caused by clients selling assets to pay down debts and spreading others around several banks but also by " a UBS - related impact . "
He added : " We have taken action , draconian action , to deal with that . "
Switzerland 's biggest bank said it expects the conditions seen in early October to continue to affect clients ' assets - and therefore its fees .
It added that accounting effects due in the current quarter could hit earnings hard .
UBS , which today said it had marked down a further $ 4.4bn of largely US mortgage - backed assets , turned a profit in the third quarter because of credit and tax gains of more than Sfr3bn .
But this could be reversed in the current quarter .
The bank is being rescued by the Swiss authorities , with the central bank , the SNB , taking on the bulk of $ 60bn of high - risk assets transferred to a special purpose vehicle and the government injecting Sfr6bn of capital .
The effect will be to raise UBS 's Tier 1 capital ratio to a healthy 11.9 % if shareholders approve the emergency measures .
UBS indicated that it had cut a further 1,900 staff , with its operating expenses down 26 % in the quarter to Sfr6bn .
Further cuts are expected .
Overnight the bank suffered further collateral damage to its tarnished reputation when a former senior executive in equity research in New York , Mitchel Guttenberg , pleaded guiltyto insider trading and was jailed for six - and - a - half years .
UBS is also embroiled in a tax - avoidance scandal in the US .
By Peter Bowes
BBC News , Los Angeles
The actor has been involved with humanitarian causes since the 1960s Screen legend Kirk Douglas has entered the US election fray by embracing the power of the internet to encourage young Americans to vote .
The veteran actor , best known for classic films such as Spartacus and Paths of Glory , has been blogging on his MySpace page , in an attempt to engage a new generation of voters .
" I do n't tell them who I 'm voting for because that 's unfair , but I encourage them to vote .
This is a fantastic election , where you have a woman running for vice - president and a black man running for president . "
Asked for his opinion of Sarah Palin , the Republican vice - presidential candidate , Douglas , 91 , shrugs his shoulders .
The world is in a mess , and our children will inherit that mess , and we have to do everything we can to help them
Kirk Douglas
" She 's charming , she has a good personality , she has good legs , she 's beautiful , she speaks well .
But when I think if she has to be president of our country , I have my doubts . "
Douglas has a twinkle in his eye , but he is a serious man on a mission .
" Let 's face it , the world is in a mess , and our children will inherit that mess , and we have to do everything we can to help them . "
Together with his wife , Anne , Douglas is involved in numerous projects to benefit the young .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I have a high school , the Kirk Douglas high school .
It 's a high school for troubled students who have been kicked out of other high schools , and I love it .
I go off and I give speeches at the school . "
The couple also raise money to improve children 's ' playgrounds in Los Angeles .
In recent years , Douglas , who is a prolific author , has been reflecting on his own formative years .
In his latest book , Let 's Face It : 90 Years of Living , Loving and Learning , he attempts to put his own life in perspective .
' Egotistical ' " I realise when I was young I was so egotistical , so wrapped in myself , and in my career .
As I got older , I got a bit of a balance , I got to think of other people . "
He says life - changing events , such as suffering a stoke in 1996 , also helped to put things in perspective .
What does an actor do who can't talk ?
He waits for silent pictures to come back !
Kirk Douglas
" When I had my stroke I was so depressed , but I learned that the best way to handle depression - which is caused by too much thinking of yourself - is to think of other people , try to help others .
That lesson is the best one , and I live by that rule and I have expounded it in my books and to other people . "
Douglas 's stroke severely impaired his ability to speak , although it has vastly improved with time .
The actor deals with the impairment through humour .
" When I first had my stroke I could n't talk at all .
So what does an actor do who can't talk ?
He waits for silent pictures to come back !
That 's a corny joke , " he smiles .
Indeed , Douglas loves to talk .
" When you think of it , my whole life has been talking , he says .
" You play your part and you talk .
Am I talking too much ? "
Slavery Douglas 's passions today include the pursuit of a formal apology by the US government for slavery .
" On MySpace I 've been collecting names of people who agree with me , " he explains .
Kirk Douglas was Oscar nominated three times in the 1950s " Because , you know , America is such a big powerful country , it should show that it 's capable of humility and that apology would accomplish that . "
" We have had Colin Powell , Condoleezza Rice , Barack Obama - I mean look at the contributions of black people .
" The world would disappear without black people , the world of music , aside from all the politicians .
They have earned their way , they do n't ask for an apology , but we should give it . "
While Douglas appears to have mastered the online world , he rebuffs some other forms of technology .
" I do n't have a cell phone , " he says .
" I do n't want to call anybody , and if anybody calls me I have a secretary . "
He adds : " I never wear a watch because the passage of time depresses me . "
But a conversation with Kirk Douglas is far from depressing .
" You always have to have hope , " he says .
" And when I see the young kids , they have so much vitality .
I worry about the grown ups .
If they do their part , the children will do their part , and we 'll have a better world . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Royal Caribbean is n’t letting a recession get in the way of their grand plans to build the world ’s largest and most luxurious cruise liner .
Their “ Oasis Of The Seas ” will launch in November 2009 featuring seven different neighborhoods with accommodation for 5,400 guests .
The floating city has 16 decks with 2,700 staterooms and features 15 restaurants and bars , a theater , a casino , two night clubs and a beach pool which is claimed to be the very first at sea .
The liner seems to have a big focus on health and fitness .
A comprehensive Sea Spa and Fitness neighborhood caters to relaxation and vanity while the Pool and Sports zone gets you active with a surf simulator , mini - golf , whirlpools , sports court and the sloped beach - like pool .
There is also an outdoor rock - climbing wall and an awesome flying - fox / zip - line elevated nine - decks above the Boardwalk .
I highly recommend downloading their detailed pdf ( 20 MB ) or check out the full picture gallery for more shots of this amazing ship .
Sources :
Oasis Of The Seas via BornRich
Information
Filename : DSCN2823 ( Small ) .
JPG
Size : 640x480
Uploaded : 2008-11-04
Tags
breaking news
Popular tags on the site
falco ryushin_09 rx7 jessica yuko avril paintball 1nsane ebooks megaten fxc wallpaper comic sprites rippenspreizer bier 1999 soepkip emma mariage manga ryushin_ 14 forza giger spain bonton dilbert cat rwpeuro2006 stephy ka_series_l chubby krystal donnamodelo.com shevington cheerleader death_note ryushin_15 smashing renee dubai ranma magic family motivational cia glastonbury hr_giger himos
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
What will St Bono 's wife say about him partying with two teenage girls ?
His humanitarian campaigning has earnt him the nickname St Bono .
Off duty , however , the U2 singer seems to have been tempted into a spot of hell - raising .
Pictures show the 48 - year - old with his arm round two bikini - clad girls as they carouse at a beach bar in St Tropez .
He also joined his angel - faced companions for more drinking and dancing aboard a private yacht .
Bono is usually seen in his role as rock star , family man and anti-poverty campaigner , work for which he earned an honorary knighthood .
Only last week , he appeared at a conference to make a call to ‘ change the world ’ before taking his wife and children off to Disneyland in California .
Holiday fun : Bono and his friend Simon Carmody join teenagers Andrea Feick and Hannah Emerson in St Tropez
But last month Bono – real name Paul Hewson – took a holiday to the South of France with his long - time friend and drinking companion Simon Carmody , a musician and former member of Irish band Golden Horde .
The Irishmen met up with two 19 - year - olds , American fashion student Andrea Feick and her British friend Hannah Emerson , in the playboys ’ playground of St Tropez .
Miss Feick told The Mail on Sunday she had known Bono for a few years but insisted their relationship had never crossed the line beyond friendship .
She said : ‘ I think that for somebody who ’s much older than I am ... no thank you .
‘ No ... God no !’ she laughed .
‘ God no !
He ’s a friend of mine and that ’s pretty much it .
I ’m not going to get into details , but it ’s a small world . ’
All smiles : Hannah and Andrea cuddle up to Bono
Miss Feick and Miss Emerson posted pictures of the holiday on the Facebook website , open to the public in the site ’s New York and French networks .
Miss Feick excitedly announced the trip in one public message to her friend , saying : ‘ So Bono and Simon called me yesterday and they arrived in Cannes today , so looks like we ’ll have a plan ! :) ’
The images show Bono wearing his trademark hat and sunglasses while drinking cocktails with the two girls at the Nikki Beach bar in St Tropez , famous for its ‘ champagne battles ’ where guests spray fizz at each other .
In one image , the Make Poverty History campaigner clutched Miss Feick ’s hand to his chest theatrically while Carmody put his hand on Miss Emerson ’s knee .
Later that evening , they took a stroll along the beach , where Bono put his arm around Miss Feick ’s waist and then wrapped himself around Miss Emerson ’s neck .
They made their way to a luxury yacht – thought to be the Cyan , a £ 12 million , 140 ft yacht with six cabins , owned by U2 guitarist The Edge .
The girls pose on Bono 's yacht , with Andrea wearing his cap
The Edge – real name David Evans – and Bono co-own a beachside villa in Eze - sur - Mer , a village between Nice and Monte Carlo .
Bono , Carmody and the girls partied into the night on the yacht .
Miss Feick posed in the sunset , wearing Bono ’s Castro - style peaked cap .
Later in the trip , the group continued to party in St Tropez , posing outside the Oxybar , where patrons can buy ‘ aromatic cocktails ’ .
Miss Feick , who studies at a fashion school in Paris according to her Facebook entry , met Bono a couple of years ago in a club on the French Riviera , according to a friend .
She lists her occupation on Facebook as ‘ Jean Paul Gaultier party planner ’ , and also says she works for the Maison Martin Margiela in Paris .
Honour : A kiss from his wife Ali as Bono gets his knighthood
Miss Emerson says on the website that she is a second - year Reading University student .
Bono ’s marriage to his wife Ali is famously strong , and has lasted without much incident for 26 years .
The singer has spoken about their relationship several times .
‘ I met the most extraordinary woman and I could n’t let her go , ’ he said in 2005 .
‘ We have an almost creative distance between us that Ali manages . ’
‘ She said to me , “ You know I fell in love with you because there was mischief in your eyes .
You were bold as brass and you were fearless but made me laugh .
You ’ve got very serious ” .
We ’re never away from each other for more than three weeks .
That ’s kind of a rule . ’
Bono has become one of the world ’s most influential rock stars for his humanitarian campaigning .
He received an honorary knighthood in 2007 , shortly before his friend Tony Blair stepped down as Prime Minister .
Luxury : The £ 12 million yacht Cyan on which Bono and the girls partied
BHUBANESWAR , India ( Reuters ) - Thousands of people , most of them Christians , have sought shelter in makeshift government camps in eastern India , driven from their homes by religious violence which has killed at least 13 people this week .
School children attend a prayer meeting to pay tributes to the victims of the recent clashes between Hindus and Christians in Orissa , in the northern Indian city of Shimla , August 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Anil Dayal
A district official said on Friday the religious clashes showed signs of abating in the state of Orissa , where Hindu mobs burnt more than a dozen churches and attacked Christians after a Hindu leader was killed .
“ Hindu and Christian peace committees have been meeting and the leaders have appealed for calm , ” said Krishan Kumar , chief administrator of the worst - affected Kandhamal district .
The bodies of two Christians believed to have been killed earlier this week had been found , Kumar told Reuters , taking the death toll from a week of violence to 13 .
He said that a curfew imposed to halt the attacks would be lifted for a few hours .
At least 6,000 people were taking shelter in the government camps and about 5,000 were hiding in forests around Kandhamal , which has a history of communal and religious clashes , for fear of mob violence .
The numbers at the camps were expected to swell to 10,000 later on Friday , Kumar said .
Most of India ’s billion - plus citizens are Hindu and about 2.5 percent are Christians .
In the Kandhamal area , more than 20 percent of the 650,000 people are mainly tribal inhabitants who converted to Christianity .
Religious violence has troubled the tribal regions of Orissa for years , with Hindus and Christians fighting over conversions .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
While Hindu groups accuse Christian priests of bribing poor tribes and low - caste Hindus to change their faith , the Christians say lower - caste Hindus convert willingly to escape a complex Hindu caste system .
CHRISTIANS PROTEST
About 3,000 Christians demonstrated outside the Orissa state building in New Delhi , holding placards calling for peace and condemning the state government .
During the two - hour protest , Archbishop of Cuttack - Bhubaneswar Raphael Cheenath chided the Orissa chief minister for not stopping the “ ethnic cleansing of Christians ” .
“ We want that violence should be stopped immediately , to restore peace and normalcy in the violence - affected areas , ” Cheenath said .
Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh has called on the state government , run by a coalition including the opposition Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party , to restore peace .
About 25,000 Catholic schools were due to be closed in India on Friday in a symbolic protest against the killings .
The violence has drawn international condemnation .
Pope Benedict has condemned the violence against Christians in Orissa but also deplored the killing of the Hindu leader .
On Thursday , Italy ’s foreign ministry said it would summon India ’s ambassador to demand “ incisive action ” to prevent further attacks against Christians .
Globalization is a fact of modern times , and supporters of “ free trade ” tout it is good for the US economy and supports world peace .
Given that it will take a global effort to solve the climate crisis , free trade has a new spin :
The solution to global warming .
In fact , Republican presidential candidate John McCain thinks that a free - market provides solutions to climate change , such as capping carbon emissions , which contradicts the very notion of free trade ’s elimination of government imposed regulations .
Even Rush Limbaugh ’s not buying free trade is the solution ( mostly because he does n’t believe in global warming ) .
Free trade puts corporations and profits first , ahead of environmental and social concerns .
McCain thinks this is not a problem , “ As never before , the market would reward any person or company that seeks to invent , improve , or acquire alternatives to carbon - based energy … ”
Will the market reward alternative energy companies with profit ?
The US and EU are already calling on the elimination of tariffs for goods and services that protect the environment and fight climate change to help these companies profit .
At first glance , this sounds like a good idea to spur a green economy , especially considering the EU states that trade is growing twice as fast in green goods and services than the rest of global trade .
But what about the social and environmental consequences of free trade ?
Producing solar panels in low - wage countries will lower their production costs and increase company profits , but what about assisting these domestic companies in these countries to develop the technology themselves ?
Plus , you ca n’t ignore the environmental impact of shipping these green products thousands of miles in cargo ships or the weaker environmental regulations in these countries .
Of course , many believe free trade can fix these lax regulations by imposing tougher environmental laws , such as McCain ’s proposal .
Some even argue these weaker laws are a result of tariff - imposed trade that impede upon profit , as countries fear jobs will move abroad to countries with less environmental regulation , a term called “ eco-dumping “ .
Is n’t this what we have seen in the US since NAFTA ’s approval ?
Free trade is not the solution to the climate crisis .
A green collar economy goes beyond installing solar panels to developing these technologies domestically , paying fair wages , and providing health benefits .
If this is not possible , then fair trade , rather than free trade , principles should be used abroad .
What good is it to save the environment , if we do n’t save the humans ?
Taking advantage of people in third world countries is not the solution .
Some economists argue that once these countries reach a certain level of wealth , they will demand a cleaner environment .
This may be true , but free trade wo n’t stop companies from eco-dumping in the next country with weaker environmental laws .
The link between poverty and environmental degradation is clear , so we must eliminate global poverty .
Free trade focuses on companies and profits , thus ensuring it is not the answer to our current climate crisis .
Related posts on trade :
Hawaii has two major newspapers , the Honolulu Advertiser and the Star Bulletin .
BOTH newspapers include birth announcements , and BOTH newspapers record the August 4th , 1961 birth of Barack Obama .
The Honolulu Advertiser The Star Bulletin Now , McCain 's ( Rove 's ) useful idiots will scream that these are fakes , that they are part of this grand conspiracy by Obama 's parents to smuggle a newborn baby from Kenya into Honolulu to obtain a birth certificate and birth announcements .
But what is lacking in their story is MOTIVE .
It 's not like Obama 's parents knew back then that Barack would go into politics , and need to be " Natural Born . "
Why bother with such a deception , which includes a very risky flight half way around the world with a newborn baby .
Under US law , Barack is a US citizen no matter where he was born because his mother was an American citizen , born and raised in Kansas .
The question of location is only relevant to the " Natural Born " requirement to be President .
Barack 's parents could not have known at the time of his birth that this would be an issue .
And note that in one of the announcements , a residential address is given .
Does that sound like the parents just arrived from Kenya ?
Check it out for yourself on Google Earth ; it is a house , not an apartment or motel .
At the end , this is just plain old fashioned harassment by McCain 's people .
Under US law the burden of proof rests with the accuser .
But the people pushing this citizenship nonsense keep inventing new allegations and demanding Obama prove them wrong .
Folks , that approach is the Napoleonic code of justice , which died with , well , Napoleon .
Obama does not have to respond to each and every mud-sling that Berg and his people can come up with .
Worse , this whole citizenship issue distracts from the real issues of the economy and the war .
Obviously , McCain 's people are desperate to find anything that will take voters ' minds off of the economy and war and focus it someplace else , and this tabloidism is intended as such bait .
The election is less than a week away .
Stay focused .
Stay on target .
The economy is nearly dead from 8 years of GOP leadership and pointless wars .
Don;t get suckered into another 4 years of the same by a little mud-slinging .
The atheist bus campaign launches today thanks to Comment is free readers .
Because of your enthusiastic response to the idea of a reassuring God - free advert being used to counter religious advertising , the slogan " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life " could now become an ad campaign on London buses – and leading secularists have jumped on board to help us raise the money .
The British Humanist Association will be administering all donations to the campaign , and Professor Richard Dawkins , bestselling author of The God Delusion , has generously agreed to match all contributions up to a maximum of £ 5,500 , giving us a total of £ 11,000 if we raise the full amount .
This will be enough to fund two sets of atheist adverts on 30 London buses for four weeks .
If the buses hit the road , this will be the UK 's first ever atheist advertising campaign .
It 's an exciting development , which I never expected when I first proposed the idea on Cif in June .
Back then , I was just keen to counter the religious ads running on public transport , which featured a URL to a website telling non-Christians they would spend " all eternity in torment in hell " , burning in " a lake of fire " .
When I suggested the atheist counter - slogan ( now shortened for readability ) , the response was extremely positive , and hundreds of you pledged your support after the follow - up article .
As you read this , a new advertising campaign for Alpha Courses is running on London buses .
If you attend an Alpha Course , you will again be told that failing to believe in Jesus will condemn you to hell .
There 's no doubt that advertising can be effective , and religious advertising works particularly well on those who are vulnerable , frightening them into believing .
Religious organisations ' jobs are made easier because there 's no publicly visible counter - view to refute their threats of eternal damnation .
The atheist bus campaign aims to change this .
In addition to the slogan , the adverts will feature the URLs of secular , humanist and atheist websites , so that readers can find out more about atheism as a positive and liberating alternative to religion .
We 've also set up an interactive campaign website and Facebook group , so that questions raised by the adverts can be publicly debated .
CBS Outdoor , the bus advertising company , will run the atheist adverts in January if the funds are raised – but we need your help to make this happen .
Your donations will give atheism a more visible presence in the UK , generate debate , brighten people 's day on the way to work , and hopefully encourage more people to come out as atheists .
As Richard Dawkins says : " This campaign to put alternative slogans on London buses will make people think – and thinking is anathema to religion . "
To donate to the atheist bus campaign , please visit here .
For the latest on the atheist bus campaign , read Ariane Sherine 's update here .
Empower Texas , a third - party conservative group , dispenses with all subtlety in tying a white suburban Houston state representative candidate to local and national black politicians , including Barack Obama .
( Note also the Fred Baron hit on Edwards ' mistress ! )
The campaign official said : " The Democrats say that Governor Palin is inexperienced , but she has vast experience in the energy sector .
She will be at the forefront of the push for energy independence .
She 's popular and she 's very persuasive . "
A Republican Party official , who has discussed Mrs Palin 's role with members of Mr McCain 's team , added : " She can say : ' I 'm from Alaska .
I know all about this and I support drilling , even in ANWR . "
Caroline Glick , deputy editor at Murdoch 's Jerusalem Post and fellow of the neoconservative Center For Security Policy , is back on the Iran warpath in an article she entitles " It is time to act " .
She writes that " Iran is just a heartbeat away from the A - bomb " , and to justify this claim she begins with three untruths .
Firstly :
Last Friday the Daily Telegraph reported Teheran has surreptitiously removed a sufficient amount of uranium from its nuclear production facility in Isfahan to produce six nuclear bombs .
Given Iran 's already acknowledged uranium enrichment capabilities , the Telegraph 's report indicates that the Islamic Republic is now in the late stages of assembling nuclear bombs .
But the IAEA has already told the Telegraph that it 's report , written by another neoconservative , Con Coughlin , is in error .
“ The article , entitled ‘ Iran renews nuclear weapons development ’ published in [ Friday ’s ] Daily Telegraph by Con Coughlin and Tim Butcher is fictitious , ” IAEA Spokeswoman Melissa Fleming said in a statement .
“ IAEA inspectors have no indication that any nuclear material is missing from the plant , ” reads the statement .
Indeed , the IAEA guareantees that no uranium has been diverted to non-civilian programs or even can be without the Agency 's knowledge .
Then , she says that " US spy satellites recently discovered what the US believes are covert nuclear facilities in Iran . "
Again - no .
What was revealed ( back in February ) was an until - now unknown missile testing facility , revealed by commercial satellites rather than US ones .
Whatever else it is it is n't a " nuclear facility " .
If it or any other more recent " finds " were , then the IAEA would be making a stink about it in their recent report , and they do n't .
Iran had enough problems putting together the Nanantz cascades and getting them to run .
The notion that they might have been able to develop some other secret facility just as big is James Bond fantasy stuff - those " reporting " such fantasies , often sourced from the utterly - nutterly MeK , might as well photo - shop a white persian cat onto file pictures of Ahmadinejhad and claim it proves something .
Then , Glick writes :
As to the IAEA , this week it presented its latest report on Teheran 's nuclear program to its board members in Vienna .
The IAEA 's report claimed that Iran has taken steps to enable its Shihab - 3 ballistic missiles to carry nuclear warheads .
Of course , she neglects to mention that any such work ended in 2003 according to US intelligence , that neither US spies nor the IAEA have seen any indications of it resuming and that in any case experts say the modifications would n't have worked as there still would n't be enough room in such a missile for the kind of nuke that Iran could build .
The IAEA report makes it clear that the Agency just wants to clear up the details of the old Iranian program , for completeness ' sake .
It 's all a bit desperate .
Glick says that these three factoids are why Israel should bomb Iran , because sanctions cannot stop these steps towards an imminent Iranian nuke .
But they do n't need to - none of these steps exist .
All this because the recent IAEA report gave the warmongers no ammunition at all , so they 're reduced to making things up .
It 's because of warmongers like Glick and Coughlin , willing to bend the ttruth all out of shape , that senior US military officers are giving off - the - record briefings to reporters trying to calm things down .
An Israeli attack on Iran 's nuclear installations would destabilise the entire region and open a new battlefront which could have a damaging effect on Iraq and Afghanistan , a senior American army commander said today .
In a highly unusual statement on the issue from the US Defence establishment the officer , who requested anonymity , stressed that a diplomatic solution was imperative to solve the crisis .
The commander , in the heart of US military policy - making , said that there was " a lot of rhetoric " over Israel 's repeated threats to carry out air - strikes to stop Iran developing a nuclear arsenal .
However , he said , that an exercise by over 100 Israeli war planes in the skies above the Mediterranean in June showed the Israelis were practising for a possible offensive .
" But it would not be the right thing to do , it will open up another front and this is not going to help the situation in the region , Iraq or Afghanistan , " said the officer .
" A diplomatic solution is the only logical answer to this . "
Recently , Shimon Peres said pretty much the same thing .
As long ago as last year , so did IAEA head Mohammed El Baradei .
And analysts also acknowledge that hardliners rhetoric has meant Ahmadinejhad of Iran has managed to consolidate his position instead of being brought down by his incompetent handling of their economy .
People like Glick should be consigned to the wilderness , they simply are too dangerous to be given a bully pulpit like the Jerusalem Post .
The RNC is selling a product , and the product obviously has to look good .
Clothes cost a lot , especially when you can't wear the same two suits every other day like a male product politician .
But this does raise a question that we realize we do n't know the answer to .
Do campaigns always pay to clothe and buff their nominees ?
For example , Joe Biden 's not a mogul , but he seems to have a wardobe full of $ 150 Hermes ties .
Did he buy them ?
Do taxpayers pay for senators ' clothes ?
What about presidents ?
Does it matter if you 're loaded , like Dick Cheney ( is it sort of an optional thing ? )
Seriously .
We 're asking .
Politico : The Republican National Committee has spent more than $ 150,000 to clothe and accessorize vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin and her family since her surprise pick by John McCain in late August .
According to financial disclosure records , the accessorizing began in early September and included bills from Saks Fifth Avenue in St. Louis and New York for a combined $ 49,425.74 .
The records also document a couple of big - time shopping trips to Neiman Marcus in Minneapolis , including one $ 75,062.63 spree in early September .
The RNC also spent $ 4,716.49 on hair and makeup through September after reporting no such costs in August .
The cash expenditures immediately raised questions among campaign finance experts about their legality under the Federal Election Commission 's long - standing advisory opinions on using campaign cash to purchase items for personal use .
Politico asked the McCain campaign for comment , explicitly noting the $ 150,000 in expenses for department store shopping and makeup consultation that were incurred immediately after Palin ’s announcement .
Keep reading >
TOKYO  Sony reported a 72 percent drop in profit in the most recent quarter on Wednesday , hurt by a stronger yen and the global slowdown .
The poor results were expected , after the Tokyo - based electronics and entertainment conglomerate last week cut its annual profit forecast for the fiscal year through March 2009 by 58 percent .
Sony made that revision after sales of its Bravia line of flat - panel televisions and digital cameras fell faster than expected in October , suggesting a deepening slump in the second half of the fiscal year .
Sony has joined a succession of Asian exporters reporting lower earnings , including Canon , Samsung and Honda , which all cut yearly forecasts .
They have blamed drops in global and particularly American demand , contradicting an old notion that Asian economies were decoupling from the United States .
As The Media 's Case Against Bruce Ivins Seems to be Going from Bad to Worse ...
Brad Friedman Byon 8/5/2008 , 7:46 pm PT
-- Brad Friedman
The case against the supposed " Anthrax Killer , " Bruce E. Ivins , a researcher who worked at the Army lab confirmed by the government as being the source for the dry , powdered anthrax used in the letters targeted mainly at Democrats and other perceived " liberals , " is going from bad to worse .
At least the coverage of it from mainstream outlets such as AP is .
We noted , when we first jumped into this horrendous beat last Friday , that AP and many of the other corporate outlets failed to even bother noting the perceived " liberals " who made up the targets of the post - 9/11 terrorist attacks .
Today , Glenn Greenwald ( who 's been doing yeoman 's work on this beat ) notes AP 's latest unnamed government source - based buffoonery .
Offering a fresh new bizarre angle in the anthrax case --- as per their wont , from " Multiple U.S. officials , " all unnamed and all who " spoke on condition of anonymity " --- AP purports to explain Ivins ' supposed seven - hour round - trip drive from Frederick , MD , to Princeton , NJ , to mail his letters , by describing a long - term obsession he supposedly had with the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority .
" The bizarre link to the sorority , " AP 's report proffers based on leaks from those unnamed officials , " may indirectly explain one of the biggest mysteries in the case : why the anthrax was mailed from Princeton , 195 miles from the Army biological weapons lab the anthrax is believed to have been smuggled out of . "
Oookay ... we 'll bite .
But then , with the unsubstantiated genie out of the bottle , a few problems appeared as AP 's initial report then morphed shortly thereafter , and an update was filed ...
Greenwald picks up the absurdities [ emphasis his ] :
The mailbox just off the campus of Princeton University where the letters were mailed sits about 100 yards away from where the college 's Kappa Kappa Gamma chapter stores its rush materials , initiation robes and other property .
Sorority members do not live there , and the Kappa chapter at Princeton does not provide a house for the women .
[ A ] s it turns out , the leaked information was n't even close to accurate .
Shortly after that leak appeared , it transformed into this laughable claim in an updated AP story
That would be quite an unusual and bizarre way for such an obsessive interest to express itself --- he used a mailbox in proximity not to a sorority house , which does n't even exist on that campus at all , but was merely near a storage room the sorority uses to store some material .
Oookay ...
Both AP reports go on to note that nobody had actually seen Ivins , at any time , in Princeton , and that " Kappa Kappa Gamma also has chapters at nearby colleges in Maryland , Pennsylvania and Washington . "
But instead , Ivins decided to drive 195 miles each way instead , in order to be near the sorority 's storage facility in New Jersey .
The first AP report then concludes by dutifully repeating the government 's still - undisclosed case theory , despite any known evidence to actually back it up .
In one neat nutshell for the record :
Prosecutors had planned to indict Ivins and seek the death penalty but , knowing investigators were closing in , he killed himself with an overdose of acetaminophen , the key ingredient in Tylenol .
That so - far unsubstantiated claim --- that Ivins offed himself " knowing investigators were closing in " --- was somewhat softened in the update to read only : " Ivins , 62 , killed himself last week as the Justice Department prepared to indict him on capital murder charges " .
Given this entire bungled mess , while we are not fond of unsubstantiated conspiracy theories , it sure seems there damned well better be good documentation for the " killed himself " part as well at this point .
It 's been announced there would be no autopsy of Ivins , since the blood tests reportedly confirmed his death by an overdose of Tylenol with codeine , as the original media accounts had said .
But now even that 's been softened to " an overdose of acetaminophen , the key ingredient in Tylenol . "
The first AP report relied heavily on testimony from Ivins ' short - time social worker Jean Duley , who , as we noted yesterday , has a criminal record consisting of several drunk driving charges and narcotics possession .
She does n't know how to spell the word " therapist , " according to her hand - scrawled note to the judge which she filed while seeking a restraining order against Ivins , but nonetheless she 's being treated as credible by AP .
Their update to the story relies somewhat less on Duley and more - responsibly reports that she " has a minor criminal record . "
The Frederick News - Post then notes today that apparently the FBI encouraged Duley to seek the restraining order .
" She decided to get the peace order after an FBI agent working the case suggested it , " they write .
And again ... Oookay ...
They also confirm an earlier report that Duley claimed Ivins had made some extraordinary claims during a group therapy session :
During a July 9 group session , Duley described Ivins as " extremely agitated " and " out of control . "
When she asked him what was going on , he told the group " a very long and detailed homicidal plan " including killing his co-workers and roaming the streets of Frederick trying to pick a fight with somebody so that he could stab the person .
Those are some very serious charges , obviously , but they should be easy to confirm , or quickly dismissed , by interviews with other patients , since it was group therapy after all , and theoretically , many others heard the same thing that Duley did .
Has the FBI talked with those folks yet ?
If so , they have n't decided to leak the confirmation to the media , even though they bothered to leak the sorority house nonsense .
After all , Duley had testified to the judge ( on the suggestion of the FBI ) that Ivins " has been forensically diagnosed by several top psychiatrists as a sociopathic homicidal killer . "
Oddly enough , however , despite those supposed diagnoses , Ivins was allowed to continue working in his high - security job at a U.S.
Army facility , with access to the world 's most dangerous bio -terror viruses .
The News - Post also reports that threatening phone calls Duley says that Ivins made to her were not entered " into evidence for the court because FBI agents had taken them for their investigation . "
So we suppose we can look forward to hearing those tapes soon , as word has it --- again , from the always - reliable MSM --- that the feds will reveal all tomorrow .
See Greenwald at Salon today for much more in this quickly disintegrating matter , and the FBI 's apparent drive " to demonize Ivins as a creepy , porn - loving drunk , " in lieu of any apparent legitimate evidence brought forward so far .
As well , he goes on to pick up our scoop from last night , in which we reported that Ivins was , oddly enough , a long - time registered Democrat .
We further , personally , confirmed the information --- originally tracked down and shared with us by our friend , Bob Kincaid of the Head - On Radio Network --- this morning with the Frederick County , MD , Board of Elections .
Noreen Schultz , Frederick County 's Deputy Election Director , confirmed to us that Ivins had been registered as a Dem there since 1982 , and has voted in every Democratic Primary since 1996 , which is as far back as their database goes .
" He was a very regular voter , " she noted during our phone call earlier today .
It seems curious then that a Democrat would target only Democratic government officials in these attacks , clearly meant to look as if they were coming from Islamic jihadists .
It seems at least as curious that Ivins , a devout Catholic by all accounts , and one who even is said to have volunteered regularly at his local parish , would target Senators Daschle and Leahy , also both Roman Catholics themselves , before committing suicide --- a mortal sin in the Catholic faith --- and then finally fail to leave even a suicide note .
But what do we know ?
We do n't have any " unnamed government sources " whose information we repeat without even bothering to ask for evidence to support their claims .
On the Radio ...
We 've picked up on this case in a number of radio venues over the last 24 .
Early today , we did a quickie with our bud Stephanie Miller 's show ( appx 5 minutes ) ...
... Followed by a longer conversation on the good Michael Jackson 's program .
The first segment features Jackson 's interview with bio-weapons expert and Ivins ' former colleague Dr. Meryl Nass who has been a valuable resource to us on this case .
We chat with Michael then in the subsequent two segments of the show :
Appx 40 mins .
Download MP3 , or listen here ...
... And finally , if you missed it in our update to yesterday 's story , here 's my interview with Bob Kincaid from last night , concerning many issues in the case , including his scoop about Ivins ' Democratic voter registration :
Appx 1 hour , Download MP3 , or listen here ...
Unlike the MSM , The BRAD BLOG has no corporate or foundational sponsorship .
We rely solely on your support through donations to help us keep going .
We also have premiums available for new supporters as our way of saying thanks .
Your help is both greatly needed and much appreciated !
GOP site deletes Obama , Osama material but retains ' ridiculous ' rumor Ron Brynaert
Published : Wednesday October 15 , 2008
Print This Email This A Republican website which linked Sen. Barack Obama to terror mastermind Osama bin Laden and also called for the waterboarding of the Democratic presidential candidate has taken most of the offensive material down , but still sports a " ridiculous " chain e-mail based on a conservative 's satirical column , RAW STORY has found .
" Sacramento County Republican leaders Tuesday took down offensive material on their official party Web site that sought to link Sen. Barack Obama to Osama bin Laden and encouraged people to ' Waterboard Barack Obama '  material that offended even state GOP leaders , " Ed Fletcher reports for the Sacramento Bee .
" Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who has pushed the party to try to broaden its appeal , took issue with the site .
' In the governor 's view , it 's completely and totally inappropriate , " said Julie Soderlund , a Schwarzenegger spokeswoman . ' "
However , on its front page , the website ( SacramentoRepublicans.org ) retains a copy of a chain e-mail which has been widely debunked .
" Hot on the heels of his explanation for why he no longer wears a flag pin , presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama was forced to explain why he does n't follow protocol when the National Anthem is played , " the material taken from a chain e-mail states .
" As I 've said about the flag pin , I do n't want to be perceived as taking sides , " Obama said .
" There are a lot of people in the world to whom the American flag is a symbol of oppression .
And the anthem itself conveys a war - like message .
You know , the bombs bursting in air and all .
It should be swapped for something less parochial and less bellicose .
I like the song ' I 'd Like to Teach the World to Sing . '
If that were our anthem , then I might salute it . "
The non-partisan website FactCheck.org calls the e-mail " ridiculous , " noting that it was derived " from a column dated Oct. 27 , 2007 , on a Web site called the Arizona Conservative , which is written by John Semmens and clearly labeled as humor .
His column , in fact , is called ' Semi - News -- A Satirical Look at Recent News . '
" This is a ridiculous example of how false stories are started , spread and , in many cases , believed , " FactCheck says .
" Nevertheless , his column on Obama has been copied and sent around in e-mails , masquerading as true stories .
The reader who asked us about it said he received it from a conservative Republican co-worker .
The e-mail included a note calling Obama 's candidacy ' a joke . ' "
FactCheck continues , " In this case , the joke is the message falsely quoting Obama , and it's on whomever is gullible enough to believe it 's true . "
Urban legend site Snopes notes that the e-mail is still in circulation .
" In September 2008 , this same piece began arriving in our inbox headed by the claim that it was derived from the 7 September 2008 airing of Meet the Press and naming the interviewer as ' General Bill Ginn , USAF ( ret. ) , ' " the website states .
" It goes without saying that Senator Obama was n't among the guests on that day 's show ( those were Senator Joe Biden and author Tom Friedman ) . "
Also , although the following photo was removed from the front page of the site , it is still hosted on the official Sacramento Republican party 's website server :
Excerpts from Sacramento
Bee report :
####
Taking credit for the site ( sacramentorepublicans.org ) and its content was county party chairman Craig MacGlashan  husband of Sacramento County Supervisor Roberta MacGlashan .
....
But he defended his Web site .
" I 'm aware of the content , " he said .
" Some people find it offensive , others do not .
I can not comment on how people interpret things . "
Kevin Johnson , the dean of the University of California , Davis , law school , said he was taken aback by the Web site 's warning to " Be Afraid .
Be Very Afraid " of Obama .
It was removed later Tuesday .
" Just sad , " Johnson said .
" It suggests to me that we have n't gone as far as we would have liked in putting racism to bed . "
" It 's disappointing that something like this would show up on the Republican Party Web site , " Johnson continued .
" Maybe someone hacked into it .
That would make me feel better .
This is hateful stuff . "
####
FULL ARTICLE AT THIS LINK
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Oct. 8 - 10 finds Barack Obama holding a sizable lead over John McCain in national voter preferences , as he has continuously for the past six days .
Today 's report puts Obama ahead by nine percentage points , 51 % to 42 % .
An additional 1 % of registered voters say they will vote for another specific candidate in the race , leaving just 6 % who are totally undecided with 24 days left before the election .
Obama has led McCain by close to 10 points for each of the past six days , and by a statistically significant margin of at least four points for more than two weeks .
It has been a full month since McCain held a significant lead over Obama , the last time being from Sept. 8 -10 when he led with 48 % of the vote , to Obama 's 44 % .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
McCain and Obama will face off in the third and final presidential debate this coming Wednesday , Oct. 15 , with the economy scheduled to be the major focus .
Gallup 's post - debate reaction polling after the first two debates found Obama the perceived winner in each case .
Among Americans who watched or heard the first debate , 46 % thought Obama did the better job while 34 % picked McCain .
Obama won by an even bigger margin following the second town hall style debate in Nashville last week , with 56 % of the viewing public saying he did the better job , versus only 23 % naming McCain . -- Lydia Saad
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Oct. 8 - 10 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,773 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Kareem R. Khan 's family used to send two large bags of Starburst candies to him , because Kareem would pick out all the orange ones and leave the rest for his Army buddies .
Khan was a " total goofball , " said his father , Feroze Khan .
Khan , 20 , Manahawkin , N.J. , was killed Aug. 6 by an explosive in Baqubah .
He was a 2005 high school graduate and was assigned to Fort Lewis .
He was a big fan of the Disney World theme parks , as was the entire family .
They would take at least one trip a year to Orlando , Fla. , and their living room and dining room is filled with souvenirs from those trips , like a wall hanging of Cinderella , figurines of Mickey Mouse and Disney - themed snow globes .
Khan , a Muslim , was as American as they come .
His favorite football team , after all , was the Dallas Cowboys - " America 's Team . "
" His Muslim faith did not make him not want to go .
It never stopped him , " said Feroze Khan .
" He looked at it that he 's American and he has a job to do . "
He also is survived by his stepmother , Nisha Khan .
" The world is missing somebody special now .
That 's for sure , " said Joe Hawk , a family friend .
To Plant Memorial
Trees in memory , please visit our Sympathy Store
Freed , the laser lout who almost caused a helicopter disaster
A cannabis user who almost brought down a police helicopter after blinding its pilot with a laser has escaped jail .
Glen Porter , 20 , who suffers from psychosis brought about by heavy use of the drug , shone the high - intensity laser into the helicopter 's cockpit as it searched for a missing child .
Pilot Steven Cholerton described how he was forced to turn sharply after being dazzled by a ' bright and blinding green light ' that lasted ' about three to five seconds ' .
Glen Porter walks free from Ipswich Crown Court today .
His five - month jail sentence was suspended for 18 months
He said he was briefly unable to see his control panel or visual references crucial to the safety of the helicopter , which was flying in the dark at an altitude of 1,000ft .
Despite admitting endangering an aircraft and facing up to two years in jail , Porter walked free from court on Monday after a judge heard ' the penny had dropped ' and he had stopped taking drugs .
Judge John Devaux told Porter , whose own lawyer admitted he was ' not in his right mind ' when he committed the offence , that it was ' quite plain what the consequences of this [ offence ] could have been , both to the occupant or occupants of the helicopter and to those on the ground ' .
But he added : ' It would be highly disruptive to the progress you are making if you were sent to prison .
' It is clear that a team of people have worked hard to turn you about , with some signs of success , and the court would be reluctant to destroy what has been achieved . '
The pilot of this Suffolk police helicopter said he had to divert the aircraft after being dazzled by a blinding green light
Ipswich Crown Court heard how Mr Cholerton was flying the Suffolk Police helicopter in the early hours of April 27 this year when his cockpit was filled with green light .
Two crew members spotted the beam coming from a former nightclub car park in the city and , using thermal imaging equipment , managed to track Porter down .
The 14 - year - old boy the helicopter crew had been searching for was later found safe and well .
The court also heard how Porter , of Ipswich , began taking illegal drugs including cocaine and Ecstasy at the age of 14 and how his use of cannabis has seriously affected his mental health , leading to psychosis .
He was admitted to St Clements Hospital , part of Suffolk Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust , on April 21 - six days before targeting the helicopter .
Tests show he has not taken cannabis since his last stay at the hospital in June .
Sentencing him to 20 weeks in jail , suspended for 18 months , as well as a 12 - month supervision order , Judge Devaux also banned Porter from using or possessing a laser gun for 18 months .
Porter , who refused to comment as he left court , was also warned he faces jail if caught with cannabis .
Keith Bill , of the British Airline Pilots Association , said : ' Pointing a laser at an aircraft is one of the most dangerous things you can do .
We are delighted the perpetrators have gone to prison in recent cases because that is where they belong .
We trust the court has made the right decision in this case . '
The case is the latest involving high - intensity lasers - often bought on the internet for as little as £ 10 - being used to blind pilots .
The pens , which became popular in the 1990s to use as pointers in presentations , usually present no risk to eyesight , although they can distract or startle people .
However , higher - powered versions can cause permanent vision damage .
Experts have warned it is only a matter of time before a serious accident occurs .
Internet auction site eBay , where Porter bought his , is banning the sale of similar items .
Generalising Monoids
join
join
Monoid
Monad
one :: m
mult :: m -> m -> m
m ( m a b ) c == m a ( m b c )
mult one x == x
x
one
x
one
( ) -> m
mult
> {-# OPTIONS_GHC -fglasgow - exts #-}
> import Control .
Monad
> import Test.
QuickCheck
> class Monoid m where
> one :: ( ) -> m
> mult :: ( m , m ) -> m
law1 _left == law1_middle
> law1_left, law1_middle,law1_right :: m -> m
> law1 _left = mult .
( one < # > id ) .
lambda
> law1_middle = id
> law1 _right = mult .
( id < # > one ) .
rho
law2 _left x = law2 _right x
> law2_left , law2_right :: ( ( m , m ) , m ) -> m
> law2 _left = mult . ( mult < #> id )
> law2 _right = mult .
( id < #> mult ) .
alpha
> lambda :: a -> ( ( ) , a )
> lambda x = ( ( ) , x )
> rho :: a -> ( a , ( ) )
> rho x = ( x , ( ) )
> alpha :: ( ( a , b ) , c ) -> ( a , ( b , c ) )
> alpha ( ( x , y ) , z ) = ( x , (y , z ) )
( , )
( , )
( a , b )
a
b
( , )
<#>
> (<#>) :: ( a -> c ) -> ( b -> d ) -> ( a , b ) -> ( c , d )
> ( f <#> g ) ( x , y ) = ( f x , g y )
f <#> g
f
g
( a , b )
law2_left ( ( x , y ) , z ) == mult $ ( mult id ) ( ( x , y ) , z ) == mult ( mult ( x , y ) , z )
law2_right ( ( x , y ) , z ) == mult $ ( id mult ) $ alpha ( ( x , y ) , z ) == mult ( x , mult ( y , z ) )
mult ( mult ( x , y ) , z ) == mult ( x , mult ( y , z ) )
lambda
rho
alpha
lambda
rho
alpha
Int
> instance Monoid Int where
> one _ = 1
> mult ( a , b ) = a*b
> check1 = quickCheck $
-> law1 _left n == law1_middle ( n :: Int )
> check2 = quickCheck $
-> law1 _left n == law1_right ( n :: Int )
> check3 = quickCheck $
-> law2 _left n == ( law2_right n :: Int )
Another Category in the World of Haskell
f
g
f a -> g a
> type ( f :<*> g ) x = f ( g x )
f a
g a
f ( g a )
> ( <*>) f g = f. fmap g
fmap g . f
f <#> g
f
g
f <*> g
f
g
()
> data Id x =
Id x deriving Show
> instance Functor
Id where
> fmap f ( Id x ) = Id ( f x )
> lambda ' :: Functor f => f a -> ( Id :<*> f ) a
> lambda ' x =
Id x
> rho ' :: Functor f => f a -> ( f :<*> Id ) a
> rho' x = fmap
Id x
> alpha ' :: f ( g ( h a ) ) -> f ( g ( h a ) )
> alpha ' = id
> class Functor m => Monoid ' m where
> one ' ::
Id a -> m a
> mult ' :: ( m :<*> m) a -> m a
> law1_left ', law1_middle ', law1_right ' :: m a -> m a
> law1_left ' = mult ' . ( one ' <*> id ) .
lambda '
> law1_middle ' = id
> law1_right ' = mult ' . ( id <*> one ' ) . rho '
> law2_left ', law2_right ' :: (( m :<*> m ) :<*> m) a -> m a
> law2_left ' = mult ' . ( mult ' <*> id )
> law2_right ' = mult ' . ( id <*> mult ' ) .
alpha '
> data Monad m => TranslateMonad m a = TM { unTM :: m a } deriving ( Eq , Show )
> translate :: Monad m => m a -> TranslateMonad m a
> translate x = TM x
> instance ( Monad m , Functor m ) => Functor ( TranslateMonad m ) where
> fmap f ( TM x ) = TM ( fmap f x )
> instance ( Functor m , Monad m ) => Monoid ' ( TranslateMonad m ) where
> one ' ( Id x ) = TM $ return x
> mult ' ( TM x ) = TM $ fmap unTM x >>= id
Monad
Monoid '
QuickCheck
> instance Arbitrary a => Arbitrary ( Id a ) where
> arbitrary = liftM
Id arbitrary
> instance ( Monad m , Eq ( m a ) , Arbitrary ( m a ) ) =>
Arbitrary ( TranslateMonad m a ) where
> arbitrary = liftM TM arbitrary
> check4 = quickCheck $
-> law1_left ' n == law1_middle ' ( n :: TranslateMonad [ ]
Int )
> check5 = quickCheck $
-> law1_left ' n == law1_right ' ( n :: TranslateMonad [ ]
Int )
> check6 = quickCheck $
-> law2_left ' n == ( law2_right ' n :: TranslateMonad [ ]
Int )
one
mult
Appendix
MonadPlus
Confession
<*>
( forall x.a x -> c x ) -> ( forall x.b x -> d x ) -> ( forall x.a ( b x ) -> c ( d x ) )
Links
The word ' monad ' is derived from the word ' monoid ' .
The explanation usually given is that there is an analogy between monoids and monads .
On the surface , this seems a bit unlikely .
Theoperation in a monad is supposed to correspond to the binary operator in the monoid , butis a completely different kind of thing , certainly not a binary operator in any usual sense .
I 'm going to make this analogy precise so that it 's clear that both monoids and monads are examples of the same construction .
In fact , I 'm going to write some Haskell code to define monoids and monads in almost exactly the same way .
I was surprised to find I could do this because instances of Haskell ' sandare n't even the same kind of thing ( where I 'm using ' kind ' in its technical sense ) .
But it can be done .
So let 's start thinking about monoids .
They are traditionally sets equipped with a special element and a binary operator so that the special element acts as an identity for the binary operator , and where the binary operator is associative .
We expect type signatures something likeandso that , for example , .
That 's fine as it stands , but it does n't generalise easily .
In particular it'd be nice to generalise this definition to other categories .
To do that we need to rephrase the definitions so that they are completely point - free and are written purely as the compositions of arrows .
Let 's start by thinking about the rule that says multiplying by the identity on the left should leave a value unchanged .
Ie. we wantfor all .
We already have a problem , it refers to a couple of ' points ' , both , the identity , and the unknown .
We can deal with the first one easily , we just replacewith an arrow .
But we also need some plumbing to provide two arguments to thefunction .
Rather than belabour the point , I 'll just give the full code :
The law for multiplication on the left is then given byand so on :
The associativity law is then given by The left and right hand sides of the laws are now point - free .
But in order to do this I 've had to write some auxiliary functions : I 've also used the fact thatis a bifunctor , ie .
it 's a functor in each of its arguments sodoes n't just give a way to generate a new typefrom typesand .
It also combines pairs of arrows to make new arrows .
I 'll call the part ofthat acts on arrows by the nameIntuitively , mapson the left andon the right of Try unpacking those definitions to see that we get the usual monoid laws .
For exampleSo we getthe usual associativity law .
Now that this definition is point - free it seems we could just carry it over to any category .
In fact , we 've implicitly done this because we 've carried over the definition of a monoid from Set to Hask , the category of Haskell types and total functions .
We 're so used to treating Hask as a proxy for Set we can forget they are actually different categories .
But this definition of a monoid works in both .
But what about thatand ?
Well they 're easy to define in any Cartesian closed category ( CCC ) .
But we do n't need all of the features of a CCC to define a monoid , we just needandand some kind of ' product ' on the set of objects that also acts like a bifunctor .
In fact , there 's a bunch of ' obvious ' laws that these functions satisfy in a CCC .
Any category with these functions satisfying these same laws is called a monoidal category .
The above definitions allow us to transfer the definition of a monoid to any such category .
For the full definition , see the wikipedia entry Anyway , let 's check to see if the typemight be a monoid :
Of course that 's no proof , but it gives us some confidence .
( Eg. what about large numbers close to 2 ...?)
Most people around here will be familiar with how Haskell types and functions form a category Hask in the obvious way .
But it 's less well known that there is another category lurking in Haskell .
Consider the set of all Haskell functors .
These are endofunctors , ie .
functors Hask →Hask .
Between any two functors is the set of natural transformations between those functors .
( Ifandare functors , then the polymorphic functionsare the natural transformations .)
In addition , you can compose natural transformations and the composition is associative .
In other words , Haskell functors form a category .
( See the appendix for more abstract nonsense relating to this . )
We'll call the category of endofunctors on Hask by the name E. Functors can be composed like so :
It'd be cool if this was a product in the usual categorical sense , but it is n't .
There is n't a natural way to map to bothandfromwith the universal property of products .
Instead it 's a weaker type of product which is still a bifunctor .
Here 's how it acts on arrows ( remembering that in E , arrows are natural transformations ) : ( We could also have used . )
If you think ofas makingact on the left andact on the right , then you can think ofas makingandact on the outer and inner containers of a container of containers .
Here 's the identity element for this product , the identity functor .
It plays a role similar toin Hask : We can now define some familiar looking natural transformations :
With these we have turned E into a monoidal category .
( OK , this may be confusing .
We 're ' multiplying ' functors and we have associativity and a left - and right - identity .
So functors form a monoid ( modulo isomorphism ) .
But that 's a distraction , these are not the monoids that you 're looking for .
See the appendix for more on this .
)
So now we can define monoids in this category using almost the same code as above :
And here 's the punch line .
That 's precisely a monad , laws ' n ' all .
If you want , you can unpack the definitions above and see that they correspond to the usual notion of a monad .
We can write code to do the translation :
In other words , any instance ofgives an instance of .
I 'll let you write the reverse mapping .
We can even check ( not prove ! ) the laws are satisfied by a particular monad by usingI do n't know about you , but I find this mind - blowing .
We took a definition of a simple concept , the monoid .
We then abstractificated its definition so that it applied to any monoidal category , and in doing so we completely changed the meaning ofand .
And yet the resulting object , including its laws , are precisely what you need to solve a whole host of problems in algebra and Haskell programming .
This is an amazing example of the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics .
The concept might be a little tricky to grasp : monads are like ordinary monoids , but with outer and inner replacing left and right .
But the payoff from this is that intuitions about monoids carry over to monads .
I hope to say more about this in future episodes .
Consider the category , H , with one object , Hask , and whose arrows are the endofunctors on Hask .
We 've shown how the arrows on this category are n't just a set , they themselves form a category .
This makes H a 2 - category .
A category with one object is a monoid .
But this is a 2 - category , so we have a 2 - monoid .
In fact , there are some extra details required to show we have a 2 - category .
For example , we need to show that composition of arrows ( which now form a category , not a set ) is a functor ( not just a function ) .
That follows from the Interchange Law which I 've already talked about .
But note that H is a monoid in a completely conventional way , its arrows form a set with a binary operator on them .
This is not the structure that corresponds to monads , although it plays a part in constructing them .
Also , do n't confuse this monoid with the one that appears in aI 'm having trouble giving the correct type signature .
I think it should be something like .
GHC does n't like it .
Can anyone come up with the correct thing ?
The code still works .
Another account of the same subject , modulo some details .
While others are busy compiling Halloween costume lists to prevent you from embarrassing yourself with the ladies , we ’ve been on the prowl for the “ 25 Greatest Modern Day NFL Cheerleader Halloween Costumes . ”
Our editors have delivered 25 photos that capture the spirit of cheerleaders dressing up for NFL Halloween weekend .
The decision process was difficult .
The debate was furious .
How can one pick the perfect NFL cheerleader Halloween costume ?
For single men with no real prospects for ladies on the open market , we ’d gladly trade emails with any of them .
In the end we flipped a coin and the schoolgirl look was our winner .
Even the shoes are authentic .
This took great thought and execution .
She knew that most guys in the crowd have an infatuation with schoolgirl porn .
Smart move .
Got our votes .
The losers in this very important contest are …
Looks like yet another schoolgirl 3rd from left .
Perfect .
Further NFL Cheerleader Perusal :
Miami Dolphins cheerleaders do Fashion Week – in bikinis [ The Angry T ]
2009 New England Patriots cheerleaders do Halloween [ Don Chavez ]
Arizona State cheerleaders Halloween fun [ Don Chavez ]
While we ’re at it … Iowa cheerleaders skiing in their underwear [ Uncoached ]
* Ed . Note :
We knew you ’d start complaining about more than 25 costumed ladies in these photos .
If that crossed your mind , please look in the mirror and realize why you ’ll be home alone tonight .
Whether there was a conflict of interest worth reporting about there is besides the point ( hell , we have the husband of a fabulously beer heiress who plans to run the business from the White House running for the presidency ) , conservatives are using this to stir up homophobia so they do n't have to take the fall for their own incompetence .
More after .
So did Frank 's partner , a Fannie Mae executive at the forefront of the agency 's push to relax lending restrictions .
Unqualified home buyers were not the only ones who benefitted from Massachusetts Rep. Barney Frank 's efforts to deregulate Fannie Mae throughout the 1990s .
Last week I wrote about conservative efforts to deflect attention away from the real causes of the current financial meltdown , deregulation , corporate greed , and the failure of conservative ideology , and pin it instead on scary minorities .
Now Fox
News has an article up about how this whole mess is really about the buttsex :
Now that Fannie Mae is at the epicenter of a financial meltdown that threatens the U.S. economy , some are raising new questions about Frank 's relationship with Herb Moses , who was Fannie 's assistant director for product initiatives .
Moses worked at the government - sponsored enterprise from 1991 to 1998 , while Frank was on the House Banking Committee , which had jurisdiction over Fannie .
Both Frank and Moses assured the Wall Street Journal in 1992 that they took pains to avoid any conflicts of interest .
Critics , however , remain skeptical .
Those " critics " that the Fox News report quotes from are merely Republican strategists , and they 're complaining about how the media is n't covering this enough .
The " media bias " card is even older than the homophobia one .
Edroso has more on the conservative blogosphere 's reaction ( via digby ) :
" PART OF WHY THE USA GOT IT UP THE YOU KNOW WHAT , " bellows The Astute Bloggers .
" HOMO BARNEY FRANK WAS SLEEPING WITH MALE FANNIE MAE EXEC FOR YEARS . "
Ace O'Spades is of course on it like Lindsay Lohan on Samantha Ronson , and his commenters spray milk ( at least we think it 's milk ) out their noses ( " This sickens me on so many levels " ) .
Dad29 assails " back - door - banditry " and asks , " Why should THEY worry about imposing a huge national debt on children ? "
( Please do n't tell Dad29 they 're allowed to adopt now , or he 'll wear out his slur thesaurus . )
And a reader sent me a link to a local conservative blogger who jumped on this homophobic meme :
If you wondered why U.S. Rep. Barney Frank was so vocal in his defense of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac four years ago when he fought efforts by the Bush administration and congressional Republicans to regulate the two out - of - control mortgage lender giants , you need look no further than the man sleeping next to him in his bed for many years .
Frank 's spouse , significant other , gay lover or whatever you want to call him was Herb Moses , a top executive at Fannie Mae . [...]
His selfish desire to satisfy his own sexual appetite at the expense of the public good is self - evident from his actions .
Seriously ?
Is he implying that Herb Moses withheld sex in exchange for votes , years after their relationship ended ?
The narrative is ridiculous enough as it is .
They want us to believe that the current crisis was caused by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac giving too much money to risky minorities .
This would mean that it had nothing to do with the lack of transparency when selling these loans in bonds , the amount of abstract , non-existent money being used to buy and sell credit default swaps , and the largess of finance firms that grew and grew as Republicans passed deregulating legislation until they were too big to fail .
Their argument 's an absurd attempt to play to Americans ' baser instincts , and saying that liberal elites used sodomy to convince one another to let minorities destroy America is just icing on this cake .
Consider this , from the Fox News article :
" If this had been his ex-wife and he was Republican , I would bet every penny I have - or at least what 's not in the stock market - that this would be considered germane , " added Gainor , a T. Boone Pickens Fellow .
" But everybody wants to avoid it because he 's gay .
It 's the quintessential double standard . "
Considering how much conservatives whine , piss , and moan when anyone suggests that same - sex relationships should be recognized at all , I might find it surprising that they want everyone to be talking about this relationship .
But they 're desperate , and desperate times call for ignoring their established narratives and grasping at bare hatred and prejudice to find a scapegoat .
So next week will probably be time to find a way to blame uppity women , transgender people , Islam , and the French .
Mel Gibson pours millions into extremist Catholic sect Mel Gibson , Traditionalist Catholicism
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Monday , October 27 , 2008 at 4:23 PM , Central European Time ( CET )
It seems that after finding the highest spot on the planet – that ’s Mount Everest , man is now obsessed about looking inside the crust and what actually lies under his feet .
Deep shafts , natural mines and underground series of caverns and caves are not a cup of tea for everyone , places where even the most experienced climbers and adventure sports specialists can get claustrophobic in the depths very quickly .
[ singlepic=88 , , , , center ]
The 3,100 feet ( 1,026 meters ) deep underground shaft discovered by an international team of cave explorers near the village of Tian Xing can really send the chill down the spines of even the very best .
The shaft with series of tunnels , underground caves and a network of passages was explored extensively for several months with the adventurous guys camping deep down for several days at a time .
The tunnel looks almost like a bottomless pit , but still has some breathtaking sights hidden in its depths with waterfalls and underground rivers adding to its beauty .
[ singlepic=85 , , , , center ]
If you are scared of closed places , this is not the place to be though .
While its is not the deepest tunnel in the world , it no doubt figures right along with some of the deepest across the planet .
It is the heights that are normally dizzy , but here are depths that can replicate the same effect .
Check out the gallery below !
Photographer Robert Shone – via DailyMail
Transcript : Dennis Kucinich
Remarks delivered by Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio at the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday :
It 's Election Day 2008 .
We Democrats are giving America a wake - up call .
Wake up , America .
In 2001 , the oil companies , the war contractors and the neocon artists seized the economy and have added 4 trillion dollars of unproductive spending to the national debt .
We now pay four times more for defense , three times more for gasoline and home heating oil and twice what we paid for health care .
Advertisement
Millions of Americans have lost their jobs , their homes , their health care , their pensions .
Trillions of dollars for an unnecessary war paid with borrowed money .
Tens of billions of dollars in cash and weapons disappeared into thin air , at the cost of the lives of our troops and innocent Iraqis , while all the president 's oilmen are maneuvering to grab Iraq 's oil .
Borrowed money to bomb bridges in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
No money to rebuild bridges in America .
Money to start a hot war with Iran .
Now we have another cold war with Russia , while the American economy has become a game of Russian roulette .
If there was an Olympics for misleading , mismanaging and misappropriating , this administration would take the gold .
World records for violations of national and international laws .
They want another four - year term to continue to alienate our allies , spend our children 's inheritance and hollow out our economy .
We can't afford another Republican administration .
Wake up , America .
The insurance companies took over health care .
Wake up , America .
The pharmaceutical companies took over drug pricing .
Wake up , America .
The speculators took over Wall Street .
Wake up , America .
They want to take your Social Security .
Wake up , America .
Multinational corporations took over our trade policies , factories are closing , good paying jobs lost .
Wake up , America .
We went into Iraq for oil .
The oil companies want more .
War against Iran will mean $ 10 - a - gallon gasoline .
The oil administration wants to drill more , into your wallet .
Wake up , America .
Weapons contractors want more .
An Iran war will cost $ 5 - 10 trillion .
This administration can tap our phones .
They can't tap our creative spirit .
They can open our mail .
They can't open economic opportunities .
They can track our every move .
They lost track of the economy while the cost of food , gasoline and electricity skyrockets .
They skillfully played our post - 9/11 fears and allowed the few to profit at the expense of the many .
Every day we get the color orange , while the oil companies , the insurance companies , the speculators , the war contractors get the color green .
Wake up , America .
This is not a call for you to take a new direction from right to left .
This is call for you to go from down to up .
Up with the rights of workers .
Up with wages .
Up with fair trade .
Up with creating millions of good paying jobs , rebuilding our bridges , ports and water systems .
Up with creating millions of sustainable energy jobs to lower the cost of energy , lower carbon emissions and protect the environment .
Up with health care for all .
Up with education for all .
Up with home ownership .
Up with guaranteed retirement benefits .
Up with peace .
Up with prosperity .
Up with the Democratic Party .
Up with Obama - Biden .
Wake up , America .
Wake up , America .
Wake up , America .
Even though I live in a fairly progressive state , quite a few people I know have had Obama signs stolen from their front yards .
I had one stolen from my yard , but one friend of mine had several stolen , so he came up with a solution — a solid metal sign , welded together and fastened to the ground with yard - long metal stakes .
An added bonus is the Neighborhood Watch warning sign , bolted to the Obama sign .
His wife says , “ Let ’s see the McCain losers try and steal this one ! ”
UPDATE : On Long Island a Republican staffer was caught red handed ( or is that blue handed ? ) with a car full of close to 100 signs for his boss ’s opponent , which he had stolen from area highways .
Enlarge By Clifton Jackson Dan Cooper hunts at Arkansas ' White River refuge .
DIG INTO CAMPAIGN DOLLARS DIG INTO CAMPAIGN DOLLARS USA TODAY 's interactive campaign finance tracker lets you examine and filter donations by state , date , amount and sector .
CREATE A SCENARIO FOR 2008 CREATE A SCENARIO FOR 2008 USA TODAY 's interactive electoral vote tracker lets you build election scenarios , share them with friends and study past election outcomes .
WASHINGTON  Montana gunsmith Dan Cooper has been ousted as chief executive of the rifle company that bears his name after pressure from gun owners who are angry that he is supporting Democrat Barack Obama .
Cooper , founder and part owner of Cooper Firearms , told USA TODAY in a story published Tuesday that he has voted for Republicans for most of his life , but he is backing Obama " probably because of the war .
And also because the Republican Party has moved so far right in recent years . "
Cooper said he was attracted to the Democrat 's message about " the retooling of America , which involves the building of middle - class jobs and helping American small business be competitive with those overseas . "
ELECTION 2008 : More executives sold on Obama Cooper contributed $ 3,300 to Obama 's presidential campaign , according to election records complied by the non-partisan CQ MoneyLine .
The USA TODAY article sparked outrage from some gun owners and bloggers , including an open letter on a blog called Firearms and Freedom , urging people to boycott the company 's products .
Many gun enthusiasts believe Obama will try to restrict their right to bear arms , although he has said he respects the Second Amendment .
In a portion of the interview that was not included in Tuesday 's story , Cooper said , " I do n't believe that what 's being said about Obama and his policies about guns are accurate .
I have had a conversation with the senator … he is a stanch supporter of the right to hunt and the right to bear arms . "
The company posted a statement Wednesday night on its website that said : " The employees , shareholders and board of directors of Cooper Firearms of Montana do not share the personal political views of Dan Cooper .
Although we all believe everyone has a right to vote and donate as they see fit , it has become apparent that the fallout may affect more than just Mr. Cooper .
It may also affect the employees and the shareholders of Cooper Firearms .
The board of directors has asked Mr. Cooper to resign as President . "
Cooper Firearms employs 38 people , Cooper said Monday .
Cooper started the company with two partners in 1990 .
It manufactures wood - stock bolt - action hunting rifles that start at around $ 1,600 .
In October 1992 , Cooper presented a rifle to then - President George H.W. Bush at a Montana campaign event .
In a statement Thursday to USA TODAY , Cooper said , " There is nothing on this earth I will not do for my employees … we have fought through 20 years of building what I believe to be the finest rifles built in America … When the internet anger turned on these innocent people , I felt it was important to distance myself from the company so as not to cause any further harm . "
He said he had resigned the company .
He did not address whether he will maintain an ownership stake — except to say , " stronger measures may be forthcoming . "
" It 's a really McCarthyism at its worst , " said Bob Ricker , executive director of the American Hunters and Shooters Association , which has endorsed Obama .
" That 's really why our organization was formed , was to deal with this craziness .
If you 're a gun owner , but you have a contrary view to some of these wackos , they will go out and try to destroy you . "
Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer , a Democrat , said in a phone interview that he was disturbed by the backlash against Cooper .
" It 's the silly season , " Schweitzer said .
" There are people who have partisan interests here , and they are using the gun issue .
Three weeks from now these bloggers are going to wake up , look under their bed and see that their gun is still there . "
The governor , who once described himself as a " gun-toting .
.. kind of Democrat , " said he is a " big supporter of Cooper Arms . "
" I 'll go anywhere in the country to help them sell their product , " he said .
Representatives for the campaigns of Obama and Republican John McCain did not respond to requests for comment .
Some gun bloggers , such as one who blogs on snowflakesinhell.com , had posted the company 's e-mail address and telephone number , encouraging gun owners to boycott Cooper Firearms the company and contact its top executives .
" This needs to get around , " wrote the blogger who identifies himself only as " Sebastian , a thirty something , self professed ' gun nut ' living somewhere in Pennsylvania . "
He added : " Gun owners need to know which companies sell their interests down the river .
Here 's contact info for Cooper Firearms .
I would talk to them , and be sure they know Obama 's record , why you 're not voting for him , and why you 'll never buy one of their products . "
The company said in a statement to USA TODAY that it had received more than a thousand emails over the controversy .
When the USA TODAY story was first published , Cooper Firearms posted a statement saying that Dan Cooper had only given money to Obama in order to " to help defeat Hillary Clinton " in the Democratic primaries and to protest the shifting of American jobs overseas .
The statement said Cooper had then given money to the McCain and the Republican National Committee .
Election records show no Cooper donations to McCain or the RNC , and the statement was later taken down .
Last year , a similar outpouring of outrage derailed the career of Wyoming outdoorsman Jim Zumbo after he denounced the use of assault rifles for hunting .
Zumbo was a staff writer for Outdoor Life magazine and the host of a television show on the Outdoor Channel .
" Excuse me , maybe I 'm a traditionalist , but I see no place for these weapons among our hunting fraternity , " Zumbo wrote in his blog on outdoorlife.com .
" I 'll go so far as to call them ' terrorist ' rifles . "
" Within a few days , I was radioactive in the industry , " Zumbo writes on his website , jimzumbo.com .
The magazine " asked me for my resignation , and I was suddenly without employment .
I was done writing , and my TV show was on hiatus .
Many of the companies that supported me in the past issued severance statements with me on their websites , as did shooting and firearms organizations , " including the National Rifle Association .
Zumbo was able to save his career by publicly embracing assault rifles .
He wrote a mea culpa entitled , " I was wrong , big time . "
And he " went on to work with the Second Amendment Foundation … and attended a three - day assault rifle course , which I immensely enjoyed , " he writes on his website .
" It 's very simple supporting the second amendment is like being pregnant .
Either you do or you do n't , , " said Jim Shepherd , who publishes the Outdoor Wire and other newsletters .
" Is it right ?
It just is .
It 's the way it works .
It 's absolutism .
Dan Cooper laughed at his customers .
If that company does not take Cooper out of its name , they 're dead . "
Andrew Arulanandam , spokesman for the National Rifle Association , said the Cooper Firearms controversy is " an indication of how voters and gun owners feel about Barack Obama .
He has a lifetime record of opposing their rights . "
Obama has been trying to assure voters otherwise .
Earlier this month in Lebanon , Ohio , he said , " I believe in the Second Amendment .
I believe in people 's lawful right to bear arms .
I will not take your shotgun away .
I will not take your rifle away .
I wo n't take your handgun away . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
What kind of chemistry occurs in conditions that approximate those of the primitive earth , and what can that tell us about the origin of life ?
Scientists have been avidly pursuing the origins of life since the early 1900's .
While still a graduate student in Nobel laureate Harold Urey 's lab , Stanley Miller truly began the modern era of prebiotic chemistry with a publication in the May 15th , 1953 issue of Science .
His work rocked the science world and actually overshadowed Watson and Crick 's work on the DNA double helix , which was published one month earlier in Nature .
Now , scientists have rediscovered some of Miller 's early samples and find that , even after his death , Miller still has more to tell us .
Miller 's classic experiment involved putting atmospheric components thought to reflect those of the early Earth ( ammonia , hydrogen , methane , and water ) in a closed system and stimulating that mixture with an electric current to mimic the effects of lightning storms .
He generated a small number of biochemically significant compounds , including amino acids , hydroxy acids , and urea , showing that conditions of primitive earth can create the building blocks of life .
When Miller died on May 20th , 2007 , the science community lost a true pioneer .
However , his former graduate students and colleagues never forgot him , and have continued his work .
More than half a century after the initial experiments , a team of scientists ( which includes some of Miller 's first and last graduate students ) discovered vials of samples that Miller saved from 1953 .
The samples were from three different experimental designs , and two of them were not included in the 1953 Science paper .
His protégés reexamined the contents of those vials using modern techniques ( high - performance liquid chromatography and time - of - flight mass spectrometry ) and published the results today , once again in Science .
Specifically , they reanalyzed 11 vials from an apparatus that was slightly modified from the original ; it had an additional aspirating nozzle that was attached to a flask containing water .
This nozzle injected jets of steam and gas into the spark created by the electrodes , which would simulate lightning striking at the site of a steam - rich volcanic area .
They found that the residues from this apparatus contained 22 amino acids and 5 amines , which is a slightly more complex mix than the results of the experiment that was published in 1953 .
These results could address some of the criticism of Miller 's earliest work .
Many geoscientists have questioned the accuracy of the simulated primitive atmosphere — they proposed that Miller wrongly assumed that early earth had a highly reducing atmosphere , one with little to no free oxidizing compounds .
Miller 's colleagues now argue that the amino acids produced by the volcanic apparatus indicate that " even if the overall atmosphere was not reducing , localized prebiotic synthesis could have been effective .
Reduced gases and lightning associated with volcanic eruptions in hot spots or island arc - type systems could have been prevalent in the early Earth . "
The debate regarding the origins of life will continue on for some time .
We have yet to reach Miller 's dream of discovering and experimentally demonstrating a reasonable explanation for how prebiotic chemicals assembled into macromolecules ( DNA , RNA , and proteins ) and then into living cells .
But however it works out , future discoveries will owe a lot to Miller 's contributions , as he essentially started the experimental field of prebiotic chemistry .
Science , 2008 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1161527
Being the manager of a Premier League football club may seem like one of the most glamorous jobs in the world — with the fame comes fortune and the opportunity to travel ( well , to Hull , Wigan and Portsmouth anyway ) .
However , as far as job security goes , football managers live on the edge .
Their terms can be terminated almost on a whim by their club 's owner , and they live and die by their team 's results .
It would seem that there is no way to predict how long their tenures will be .
However , a collection of researchers from the UK , Singapore and the US have found that there may be a strong mathematical trend underlying how long football managers stay in their jobs .
Toke S. Aidt , Bernard Leong , William C. Saslaw and Daniel Sgroi found that the distribution of tenure lengths for managers of sporting teams in many countries obey power laws .
Power laws are fascinating because they arise in a surprisingly large number of naturally occurring phenomena , such as the size of cities , stock market returns , cook book ingredients and even how many times certain words are used in long books .
A power law has the form
The graph of a power law with negative exponent .
whereandare variables andandare constants .
The exponentis usually negative , sodecreases asincreases .
In the case of football managers , the researchers found thatwhereis the length of a football manager 's career andis the number of managers dismissed at that time of their career .
The actual values of the constantsandvary from country to country and league to league , with the exponentlying somewhere between - 2 and - 3 in all cases .
To derive this formula , the authors plotted tenure lengths of real managers against their time of dismissal and then set out to find the curve of the from that best describes the data .
In fact , to make things easier , they looked at logarithms , which turn a curve of this form into the straight line
For tenures greater than one year , they found that in the English Premier League , football leagues across Europe , and American football and baseball competitions , there is a straight line of this form that fits the data .
Moreover , the fit is statistically significant , that is , it 's not just due to chance .
The following graph is for English Premier League managers between 1874 and 2005 .
The logarithm of the length of managers ' career plotted against the logarithm of the number of managers dismissed at that time of their career .
The data can be approximated by a straight line and the fit is statistically significant .
The data come from the English Premier League between 1874 and 2005 .
But what does all this mean ?
Add some more sand and you 'll get avalanches .
As we mentioned earlier , power laws are compelling as they can emerge from simple mathematical rules — the power law is often a macroscopic outcome of microscopic interactions between the players in the system ( in this case football managers , the team , club owners and fans , etc ) .
In fact , power laws are often seen as the signature of complexity .
In the 1980s scientists found that there are dynamical systems based on simple rules which , through self - organisation , bring themselves into extremely sensitive states , where even the smallest change can cause wide - ranging and unpredictable chain reactions .
An often quoted example of this phenomenon involves a pile of sand .
When you sprinkle sand on a table , a pile will build up and after a while reach a maximal slope : any additional grain of sand will cause avalanches whose number and size are impossible to predict .
Such a sensitive state is called a critical state and this behaviour is called self - organised criticality .
It is an interesting phenomenon , because it may explain " spontaneous " emergence of complexity in nature , which is not a result of someone forcing the system .
When a system has reached a critical state through self - organisation , it can often be described by power laws .
In our sand example , the size distribution of the avalanches follows a power law .
Power laws reflect complexity because they are similar on all scales .
Suppose that the number of avalanches of size is described by the power law
for some constantsand .
Now multiplyby a large number , so you 're now looking at large avalanches .
These then follow the power lawwhich , apart from the constants involved , is essentially the same as that for smaller avavalanches - the same type of behaviour occurrs on all scales .
Given that the power law highlights the fact that there is something interesting going on , the researchers set out to find out what it was .
What are the simple rules of football management that govern this system , and is there self - organised criticality ?
The model
The authors constructed a model which includes a manager 's reputation — this is either enhanced or diminished , depending on the result of each match .
The core of the model is a round - robin tournament with 20 teams playing each other once at home and once away — just like in the Premier League .
The probabilities of win , lose and draw were modelled as 37 % , 26 % , 37 % , respectively — these probabilities are those observed in the English football league between the years 1881 and 1991 and are assumed to be independent of the managers involved .
The model starts with 20 randomly selected managers , each with a given reputation and tenure .
( With a nod to realism , we will henceforth assume that all managers are male . )
The initial reputation of each manager is described by a positive whole number , which is chosen at random from the numbers between the firing threshold and the poaching threshold ( more on these in a moment ) .
Each manager also starts with a random tenure length between 1 and 40 years .
The managers gain reputation (+ 2 points in the model ) every time their teams win , and lose reputation ( - 2 points ) when their teams lose .
There are no points for draws .
Each game has equal importance and so each result is equally important for a manager 's reputation .
The length of a manager 's tenure depends on how his reputation evolves .
Termination of tenure can occur for four reasons :
The manager loses his job when his reputation falls below the firing threshold — that is , he is sacked ;
The manager is poached by another club when his reputation reaches the poaching threshold — that is , he gets a better deal ;
The manager retires if he gets too old ( another parameter that can be varied ) ;
The manager 's team is relegated to a lower league because it has the lowest reputation at the end of the season — the team is demoted out of the league .
When a manager leaves the system — that is , he is either fired or poached , relegated or retired — his place in the league is taken by another manager with tenure length of zero and a random starting reputation .
Model football .
With these rules in place , the researchers ran many simulations , varying the random parameters in each run .
Such a process is known as a Monte - Carlo simulation .
They recorded the distribution of tenure lengths corresponding to one hundred years of competition .
They found that for a very broad range of starting parameters , the model produced a tenure length distribution statistically indistinguishable from a power - law distribution .
Similar results were obtained for different probability distributions of win , loss or draw .
However , the researchers also found that power laws only emerge when a win enhances reputation by the same amount as it is decreased by a loss , and when each match has equal importance .
The latter makes sense if you think that the aim of a Premier League team is to maximise its profit : you need to fill the stadiums and make as much advertising revenue as you can at each game .
And as the Premier League is a first - past - the - post competition , each win has equal worth on the league table , with position on the table more than anything guaranteeing further advertising and merchandising returns .
Coming back to self - organised criticality , the researchers admit that their model does not prove the existence of this phenomenon in the world of sport .
In fact , the model is not quite as self - organising as it could be , since certain parameters need to be artificially fixed at the outset .
They do believe , however , that certain other factors point in the direction of self - organised criticality .
The Premier League , they postulate , follows the Red Queen principle : it is an arms race where constant development is needed simply to compete .
This explains why once a league has reached a self - organised critical state , it might stay there for a prolonged period of time .
It is simply too difficult for a team to shake up the system , given that they are already in a process of continual change in order to stay with the pack .
The term Red Queen comes from Lewis Carroll 's Through the Looking - Glass in which the Red Queen says : " It takes all the running you can do , to keep in the same place " .
What the results surprisingly show is that ability and talent , although obviously playing some role , do not play a major role in a manager 's success .
His survival is far more determined by the sacking and poaching thresholds and simple randomness in his team 's results .
2007 Chelsea manager Avram Grant was a good example of this : as he started his tenure with a low reputation , despite his team 's good results , probabilities took their toll and he was sacked at the end of the season .
In any case , it 's hard to feel sorry for prematurely sacked Premier League managers when their average salaries are over £ 2 million .
Marc West
Further reading
Marc
West is a freelance science writer and former Assistant Editor of Plus who currently works in operations analysis in Sydney .
As a wannabe Australian cricket player , the stars aligned when Marc somehow scored 114 against Mount Colah in a Sydney shires cricket game .
He loves to write about science and sport and has been published in a variety of magazines and newspapers .
You can read more of his writing on his personal blog .
President Bush ’s recent designation , and subsequent nomination , of F. Chase Hutto III as acting Assistant Secretary for International Affairs and Domestic Policy of the Department of Energy ( DOE ) is starting to raise some eyebrows .
According to a letter written by Senators Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) and Bernie Sanders ( I - Vt. ) :
… while the American people are looking for leadership on renewable energy and global warming , they would instead get someone committed to partisan politics and more of the status quo failed energy policies .
The DOE website says the assistant secretary serves as “ primary advisor to the Secretary and the Department on energy and technology policy development , ” oversees policy analysis , and leads the DOE ’s international activities .
Accordingly , they characterize his appointment as “ simply an unacceptable candidate to lead the Department of Energy ’s international energy initiatives .
As Cheney ’s senior aide for domestic policy , Hutto was involved in discussions surrounding the Clean Air Mercury Rule ( ultimately overturned by the DC Court of Appeals in February ) , which the senators characterize as questioning the need for the EPA to limit mercury emissions from power plants .
The Washington Post writes of Hutto :
F. Chase Hutto III has played a prominent behind - the - scenes role in shaping the administration ’s environmental policies for several years , the officials said , helping to rewrite rules affecting the air that Americans breathe and the waters that oil tankers traverse .
In every instance , according to both his allies and opponents , he has challenged proposals that would place additional regulations on industry .
The question that remains , of course , is whether Mr. Hutto will stay on as Assistant Secretary with a new administration , and if so , for how long ?
Image Credit : Joe Mohr
Never has one generation spent so much of its children ’s wealth in such a short period of time with so little to show for it as in the Bush years .
Under George W. Bush , America has foisted onto future generations a huge financial burden to finance our current tax cuts , wars and now bailouts .
Just paying off those debts will require significant sacrifices .
But when you add the destruction of wealth that has taken place in the last two months in the markets , and the need for more bailouts , you understand why this is not going to be a painless recovery .
The Bush team leaves us with another debt  one to Mother Nature .
We have added tons more CO2 into the atmosphere these last eight years , without any mitigation effort .
As a result , slowing down climate change in the next eight years is going to require even bigger changes and investments in how we use energy .
Image Thomas L. Friedman Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Given that Times columnists are not allowed to “ formally ” endorse candidates and given that the context of this election has changed so much from the policy positions the candidates started with , all I can suggest is that you vote for the candidate with these character traits :
First , we need a president who can speak English and deconstruct and navigate complex issues so Americans can make informed choices .
We have paid an enormous price for having a president who could not explain and reassure us during this financial meltdown .
We wasted a huge amount of time pretending that we could punish Wall Street without punishing Main Street  when , in fact , they are intricately intertwined .
A major money market fund  Reserve Primary  failed in September because the extra interest it offered customers derived , in part , from the $ 785 million in high - yielding Lehman Brothers commercial paper and notes it was holding .
Depositors who told their congressmen to just let that greedy Lehman Brothers fail were shocked to discover this meant that their own money market would be frozen .
No , we do n’t need a president defending greed on Wall Street , but we do need one who can explain that we are all in the same boat , that a leak at one end can sink everyone and that while we must regulate , we do n’t want to kill risk - taking and the rewards that go with that  which are essential to growing our economy .
An old OS idea is new again : non-installation Carl Sassenrath , CTO
REBOL Technologies
21 - Oct-2008 16:32 GMT
Article # 0375
Main page || Index || Prior Article [ 0374 ] || Next Article [ 0376 ] || 48 Comments || Send feedback
Also see ...
Due to the number of comments on this blog , a follow - up article has been posted .
As an OS designer who prefers well - thought - out simplicity over ever - deeper - layers of complexity , I 've been annoyed for the last couple decades as I 've watched most OS designs pack more and more files into their system and library ( including DLL ) directories .
Eventually , the entire system becomes a mangled wreck of software components that require complex installers , tools , and conventions in order to manage .
Take a look at any " modern " operating system as an example , Windows or Linux for instance .
What a mess .
This concept of throwing shared libraries into OS global directories has long been thought of as a necessity to allow for greater sharing of common code and data .
Back in the days when disks were small and RAM was only a few MB , that approach made a lot of sense .
But , those days are long gone and every so many years you 've got to re-examine your requirements relative to the advancements in hardware .
Non-installation
Since the late 1990's , I figured if I ever wrote another OS , I 'd set it up differently .
I never liked the concept of installation of anything ( apps , devs , libs ) , with perhaps the OS kernel itself as the only exception .
While it 's useful to perform some kind of unpacking or decompression step as part of app setup ( unzip ) , the idea of scattering application files into all sorts of mysterious places just makes things harder for everyone , developers and users included .
And then , there 's also the system registry , but do n't even get me started on that .
The nice thing about " non-installing " is that your entire app is in one place -- pretty much just a copy of the distribution itself sitting right there .
And , would n't that be handy in itself , both in terms of backup and also for ease of app removal ?
So , you ask , if an app is n't installed , how does the OS know about it , it 's icon , file types , boot options , related tools , and other such things ?
Well , I 'm glad you asked .
That 's the concept of binding , and there 's no reason it needs to be done during installation .
You could quite easily perform that step during boot by inspecting application header files ( preferably written in REBOL ) that define those relationships , located in each application directory , of course .
I would claim that step would take less boot time than that required these days to sort through the tangled mess of files in the system directories .
In addition , you need a user - specific storage area for prefs and other special data .
But , there are several ways to do that , even via user - specific symbolic links .
Not a problem .
New or old idea ?
Is this really a new concept ?
No , in fact it 's a really old idea .
You could setup apps this way on the Amiga back in 1985 - 86 .
You 'd use an assign ( essentially a symbolic link ) to access the app's base dir .
Pretty simple .
Is it possible on modern OSes ?
Are n't they just too complex for such a simple approach .
Well , it 's nice to see someone put together a Linux distro called GoboLinux that does just that .
And , they even kept it compatible , so check it out .
Are there others ?
Quite possibly , and I know you 'll post a list in the comment section .
Anyway , I point this out because I really like to see rebellious developers working to make computing systems cleaner and simpler , rather than the usual case of making them insanely complex .
Good work , keep it up .
Now , if we can just get rid of the rest of the garbage that clutters up modern OSes , maybe I will find an OS ( other than AmigaOS , of course ) that I actually like using .
48 Comments
The mailbox module defines a common API for accessing email messages stored in local disk formats , including :
There are base classes for Mailbox and Message , and each mailbox format includes a corresponding pair of subclasses to implement the details for that format .
The mbox format is the simplest to show in documentation , since it is entirely plain text .
Each mailbox is stored as a single file , with all of the messages concatenated together .
Each time a line starting with " From " ( “ From ” followed by a single space ) is encountered it is treated as the beginning of a new message .
Any time those characters appear at the beginning of a line in the message body , they are escaped by prefixing the line with " > " .
Creating an mbox Mailbox ¶ Instantiate the mbox class by passing the filename to the constructor .
If the file does not exist , it is created when add ( ) is used to append messages .
mailbox_mbox_create.py ¶ import mailbox import email.utils from_addr = email .
utils .
formataddr (( ' Author ' , 'author@example.com ' ) ) to_addr = email .
utils .
formataddr (( ' Recipient ' , 'recipient@example.com ' ) ) payload = ''' This is the body .
From ( will not be escaped ) .
There are 3 lines . ''' mbox = mailbox . mbox ( ' example.mbox ' ) mbox .
lock ( ) try : msg = mailbox .
mboxMessage ( ) msg .
set_unixfrom ( ' author Sat Feb 7 01:05:34 2009 ' ) msg [ ' From ' ] = from_addr msg [ ' To ' ] = to_addr msg [ ' Subject ' ] = ' Sample message 1 ' msg .
set_payload ( payload ) mbox .
add ( msg ) mbox .
flush ( ) msg = mailbox .
mboxMessage ( ) msg .
set_unixfrom ( ' author ' ) msg [ ' From ' ] = from_addr msg [ ' To ' ] = to_addr msg [ ' Subject ' ] = ' Sample message 2 ' msg .
set_payload ( ' This is the second body .
' ) mbox .
add ( msg ) mbox .
flush ( ) finally : mbox .
unlock ( ) print ( open ( ' example.mbox ' , 'r' ) . read ( ) )
The result of this script is a new mailbox file with two email messages .
$ python3 mailbox_mbox_create.py
From MAILER -DAEMON
Sun Mar 18 20:20:59 2018 From : Author < author@example.com >
To : Recipient < recipient@example.com >
Subject : Sample message 1
This is the body .
> From ( will not be escaped ) .
There are 3 lines .
From MAILER - DAEMON Sun Mar 18 20:20:59 2018 From : Author < author@example.com >
To : Recipient < recipient@example.com >
Subject : Sample message 2
This is the second body .
Reading an mbox Mailbox ¶
To read an existing mailbox , open it and treat the mbox object like a dictionary .
The keys are arbitrary values defined by the mailbox instance and are not necessary meaningful other than as internal identifiers for message objects .
mailbox_mbox_read.py ¶ import mailbox mbox = mailbox . mbox ( ' example.mbox ' ) for message in mbox : print ( message [ ' subject ' ])
The open mailbox supports the iterator protocol , but unlike true dictionary objects the default iterator for a mailbox works on the values instead of the keys .
$ python3 mailbox_mbox_read.py
Sample message 1 Sample message 2
The Brennan Center for Justice has sent a memo to the County Board of Elections were the TSX is used .
It seems some counties in Ohio they have split the presidential candidates into two columns on their paper ballots .
This has caused problems with voters in the past .
Lawrence Norden from the Brennan Center has the details of why this is so confusing on the TSX also .
More recently we ’ve found out that some counties that use touch screen machines have split the presidential contest onto two pages — meaning on the first screen voters might see Barr and Nader , and on the second screen McCain and Obama .
For reasons explained in a memo we sent to county officials , that ’s likely to confuse and frustrate a fair number of voters .
So far we have confirmed that Portage ( home of Kent State ) , Hancock , and Wayne Counties have split the presidential contest this way .
Others like Montgomery , Stark , and Butler Counties have managed to get the presidential contest ( eight candidates and a write - in slot ) onto one screen .
In their memo they explain the problem and what their research has shown when presidential candidates are put on two different screens .
Layout of the Presidential Contest on the TSX
We have recently been contacted by Ohio voters concerned that in certain counties using the AccuVote TSX , the presidential contest is spread over two pages .
Based on calls to county boards in the past day , this complaint appears to be correct .
Some counties ( including Montgomery and Butler ) report that they placed the entire presidential contest on a single page .
Our studies have shown that placing the presidential contest on two screens is likely to confuse many voters and could lead to voter error .
Of course , the TSX will not allow voters to vote twice in the same contest .
However , we fear that some voters will select a candidate on the first page , only to realize that their actual preferred choice is on the second page .
As you surely know , some voters – particularly elderly and new voters – can have difficulty figuring out how to change their selection .
If the presidential contest on your TSX is split over two screens , we urge you to change your ballot layout so that , like the ballots in Montgomery and Butler counties , the entire presidential contest is listed on one page .
They have asked officials to change this before election day to avoid confusion and frustration .
I can envision the lines this is going to cause in those counties – when they do n’t understand why all the candidates are not listed on the first screen .
Brennan is asking if this revision can not be accomplished by Nov. 4th ; that they have signs explaining the two pages of Presidential Candidates to cut down on the confusion .
Kudos to the Brennan Center for contacting the Ohio election boards in advance of this potential problem , to point out the serious ballot design flaw , and for addressing the complaints that the county election boards have been receiving about these ballots .
Peak Oil And Future History
By Peter Goodchild
23 August , 2008
Countercurrents.org
Y es , there are other factors beside oil to consider in the Great Crash .
We live in a morass of bad politics , bad economics , and bad education ( and bad news media that spoon - feed us with half - truths ) , and we elect thieves and liars to guide us .
But the loss of oil , which is almost the only support of our unique industrial society , will be the factor that brings all the rest down .
Transitional Silliness
The transition to global collapse should not been seen in terms of middle - class Country Elegance .
There are no " transition towns " that acquire food , clothing , or shelter without large quantities of fossil fuels somewhere in the background .
Although we should all be preparing for the worst , it seems that some of us are heading into Eco - Silliness .
For the most part , " transition towns " ( a.k.a. " eco-villages " etc. ) are just make - believe .
Without fossil fuels , any country can support only about 4 people per hectare of arable land , as David Pimentel has explained in great detail .
That puts many countries at well beyond the maximum sustainable size .
What is going to happen to the excess population between now and the year 2030 ( when oil production will be down to half of its present level ) ?
Answer : either emigration or starvation .
The post -oil world will be much grimmer than these people imagine , and that is partly because they are not looking at the big picture .
Hydrocarbons are the entire substructure of modern society .
Electricity comes largely from coal or natural gas .
The energy for mining comes mainly from diesel fuel , or it is transmitted through electricity .
So without fossil fuels there will be no electricity , and without those same fossil fuels there will be no metals .
We ’re looking at something less than the above - mentioned Country Elegance .
Or are we supposed to believe that these middle - class people are wearing clothing made from the flax they grew in their own gardens , or from wool they plucked from their own pet sheep ?
And are we supposed to believe that they live in houses that used no fossil fuels or electricity when the materials were prepared , transported , and assembled ?
And are we also supposed to believe that these same nice people use donkeys rather than automobiles , and that their bathrooms are supplied only with sphagnum moss instead of toilet paper ?
Yes , it ’s nice to start preparing for the future , but a doll ’s - house mentality is a way of avoiding the truth .
Looking Ahead
There are two problems with writing about long - term survival , or more generally with the matter of what might be called future history .
The first problem is that one must decide whether to talk about the near future or the distant future .
I am working on the assumption that history forms a sort of bell curve : the events after about the year 2000 form a downward curve that somewhat mirrors the curve of events leading up to that same year .
That bell curve will not be perfectly symmetrical , of course : the decline in modern civilization is likely to be swift .
The 1972 Limits to Growth shows , in its Figure 35 , " World Model Standard Run , " a world that has pretty well sunk to rock bottom well before the end of the present century .
The introduction to that same book tells us :
If the present growth trends in world population , industrialization , pollution , food production and resource depletion continue unchanged , the limits to growth on this planet will be reached sometime within the next one hundred years .
The most probable result will be a rather sudden and uncontrollable decline in both population and industrial capacity .
Whatever faults one may find with The Limits to Growth ( and there are many ) , the growth trends did in fact " continue unchanged , " and more - recent projections of future history often match that of The Limits to Growth .
Although my own terms are largely arbitrary , I tend to think of a future transition from what I call a Neo-Victorian Era to a Neo-Alfredian one .
In other words , the future will descend from an industrial age resembling that of Queen Victoria to a pre-industrial age resembling that of King Alfred the Great , whose reign was a thousand years earlier than hers .
Since the decline of our present civilization will be marked by a loss of fossil fuels , followed by a loss in both metals and electricity , there may be no point in preserving the knowledge of subjects that only make sense when they are supported by present technology .
For example , there is little point in transmitting the vast amounts of data that constitute modern medicine if the requisite medications and machinery will no longer be available .
For that matter , one might even ask if there is any point in describing how to build a simple cart or wagon if the technology for creating a set of wheels is no longer there .
So a writer must make a decision about the era to be described , or at least explain the differences that are entailed by each era .
The topics that will be of interest or use to the inhabitants of the Neo- Victorian era will not be of interest to the Neo-Alfredians .
When metal - working is done with a rock for an anvil , and a goatskin for a bellows , there will not be much point in talking about airplanes .
The second problem is that , if a book is written for people of a future age , one must decide whether the book will consist mainly of words , or mainly of pictures .
The Bible lasted for many centuries because it could be copied with nothing more than pen and ink .
If the Bible had been dependent on pictures it is doubtful if it would have survived for so long .
A book with many pictures and few words , of course , might be of great use to the Neo-Alfredians .
King
Alfred once remarked that " learning had declined so thoroughly in England that there were very few men on this side of the Humber who could . . . even translate a single letter from Latin into English . . . . "
In our own day , there are not many graduate students who can grasp the grammar and spelling of English itself , their own one and only language .
But a picture book would suffer distortions if it were copied over the centuries from one stack of vellum to another .
Scribes made an attempt in earlier times with bestiaries and herbals , but the boundaries between science and superstition were not very clear in those days .
Certainly the boundaries will again become fuzzy , but there have been writers who , in spite of these limitations , had a benign influence on readers born thousands of years later .
Primitive Technology
One reason why I ’m unimpressed by most survivalist or primitive - technology books is that they say very little about how to get food .
Perhaps that ’s because it ’s easy to talk about roots and berries , but not easy to explain that getting food may include hunting , trapping , and fishing .
At least , that ’s certainly true in North America north of about latitude 45 , since the climate and soil are largely unsuitable for agriculture .
It ’s also true for any other geographical area that does n’t have naturally fertile soil and good weather .
But the problem for the writer is that hunting and trapping — and perhaps even fishing — are politically incorrect .
We are n’t supposed to be murdering cute little animals , we ’re supposed to buy our meat wrapped in cellophane , which is somehow not the same thing .
The average survivalist book therefore teaches its readers how to make bowls and baskets but does n’t tell them how to avoid starving to death in the meantime .
To deal with peak - oil preparation , one must also make some clear choices about the subject matter : the who , when , and where .
There are far too many variables in future history .
For a modern executive , peak - oil preparation means adding solar panels to a 20 - room lakeside cottage .
For that same executive ’s grandchildren , it will mean scavenging , thievery , and prostitution — if not cannibalism .
Our descendants will be smashing computers to get pieces of metal they can use as arrowheads .
I was once trying to find or create illustrations for some comments I had made about small - scale carpentry .
How could I explain studs , plates , joists , and so on ?
But then I realized : Why bother ?
Without diesel trucks cruising along the highways , who ’s going to deliver all those lovely 2 ' x 4's that are needed for putting a shed together ?
Perhaps the information would be of some use for a decade or so , but it may not be very long before the construction of houses will be based on logs , stones , bark , and straw .
When our descendants have to adapt to primitive technology , they wo n’t even have the advantages of our early ancestors .
In 5,000 B.C. the earth was littered with vast quantities of high - grade copper .
Those pieces of pure copper were sitting right on the ground , or not far below it .
Even in the nineteenth century , the natives of North America ’s northwest coast used huge lumps of pure copper as items of their famous potlatches .
It is no longer possible to walk over the Earth and see such geological marvels .
The rich ore bodies were all exhausted long ago , just as it is no longer possible to explore the mountains and find precious gems just waiting to be picked up .
The blacksmiths of the future will do what they can to hammer scrap iron into tools , but metals are always subject to a sort of entropy .
Our distant ancestors could use metals because they were found in concentrated ore bodies , but for how many centuries will our descendants be able to keep melting and remelting the metallic garbage of the industrial past ?
We now produce 1.8 trillion metric tons of iron per year .
How many skyscrapers are we going to build when iron ore must be smelted in small clay cylinders ?
For further information : http://sorrynogas.blogspot.com
Revealed :
No man 's land sketches by ' hero ' British WWI artist who crept behind enemy lines to gather intelligence
He was no doubt handy with a bayonet and a rifle .
But as a young soldier in the First World War , Len Smith 's deadliest weapons were his pencil and his pad .
In the days before satellite surveillance provided detailed images from the sky , Private Smith would creep behind enemy lines - and draw .
Drawing of Vimy Ridge showing German positions in 1916 from the diary of unsung WW1 hero Len Smith who crept into no man 's land to draw spy pictures of the enemy
Heralded at last : Artist Len Smith crept behind enemy lines during the First World War to draw sketches of German positions
His sketches were so accurate they could identify exact enemy numbers , the type of weapons used and the geography of the land ahead .
One of Private Smith 's remarkable missions included making a sketch of German positions at Vimy Ridge , subsequently the scene of one of the war 's most bloody and strategically significant battles .
He spent four days avoiding mortar shells while drawing - in intricate detail - the entire panoramic section of enemy troop positions .
In another mission , the sapper with the Royal Engineers Special Branch crawled to within a few yards of an enemy HQ and drew a tree so accurately that his comrades were able to create a hollow steel replica .
The real tree was then removed under cover of darkness and replaced by the replica - with a soldier stationed inside who was able to report back on German activity .
Astonishingly , Private Smith 's courageous role with the 7th London Battalion has remained a secret to all but his closest family for almost 90 years .
He was never decorated and died in 1974 aged 83 .
But now - just weeks ahead of the 90th anniversary of the end of the war - his incredible story has been revealed in the pages of a new book .
The Pictures and Diary of a Wartime Artist was compiled by the soldier 's great - nephew Dave Mason .
It includes sketches , observation notes and extracts from Private Smith 's wartime diary .
Mr Mason , 62 , of Woodford Green , Essex , said yesterday : ' I was amazed when I read the diary to find out how much he had been involved in the Great War .
' He talks of his friends and how most of them were killed , of the narrow escapes he had , but at the same time he is very conservative about the German soldiers he killed .
' Len , like most of his generation , was a humble man who did not boast or revel in what he had been through during the war .
He always said , ' I would rather have a WC than a VC ' . '
Daring : Mr Smith crept into no man 's land to draw sketches , such as this one of Vimy Ridge , showing German positions
Describing his Vimy Ridge mission , Private Smith wrote in his diary : ' The Hun 's shelling was almost incessant .
' I had to scramble over the top , making rough pencil notes over a period of four days - real hard risky work , and at dusk pulling back to the billet cellar to prepare the whole thing as a finished coloured sketch by the aid of the candle . '
The result of his efforts an incredible two - yard long panoramic view of enemy front line troops .
In the Battle of Vimy Bridge in 1917 , the Canadian Corps captured the majority of the ridge during the first day of the attack .
In another diary entry the artist , known as ' Smithie ' , recalls risking sniper fire to crawl behind enemy lines in Arras , France , in 1915 to draw a tree positioned just 20ft from enemy barracks .
Mr Smith 's sketch of a periscope view of German trenches .
His drawings were so accurate they identified exact enemy numbers , weapons and military positions
After it was replaced by the steel replica , a network of tunnels gave soldiers access to the ' tree ' .
Private Smith wrote in his diary : ' One special job would be to go a stipulated section of the front line trenches , and by means of a carefully drawn map , find the exact spot indicated where an observation post or listening post was needed ( always as close as possible to the enemy ) .
' In this case it was a tree , which was standing among the Hun 's barbed wire .
' I would make a careful sketch showing all the detail , which when completed would be sent down the line to the workshops , where they would proceed to make a facsimile tree in iron and steel hollow , with a ladder running up the centre to the top .
' This would then be painted in natural colours and dispatched to its destination . '
Len Smith 's drawing of this battle - damaged tree near German trenches allowed British army chiefs to replace it with a hollow replica with a soldier inside
He continued : ' The old tree would be brought down , the new steel one take its place , all in the darkness of one night .
' If all went well , a man would be able to go through the short tunnel the miners had made previously , climb up the ladder and sit among the tangled branches up at the top seeing much , hearing plenty and coming in at night full of information . '
In another incident Private Smith suffered shrapnel wounds in a shell attack that killed ten soldiers .
James Taylor , head of research at the Imperial War Museum , said : ' The work of artists was absolutely crucial during the First World War .
A drawing of a disguised observation hide - out used by Mr Smith as he sketched the German front line
' Photography was obviously pretty unreliable and difficult for the operator to get focus and colours right .
Artists really came into their own in this period .
' To crawl into No Man 's Land and make these sketches was very brave . '
The original diary includes two still - red poppies picked from No Man 's Land in 1915 .
Private Smith , from Bexhill , East Sussex , joined up in 1914 aged 22 .
He married his wife , Jessie Hookman , while on leave in 1917 , but the couple never had any children .
Mr Smith became a successful commercial artist after the war and designed Christmas cards and chocolate boxes .
The diary - published as an ebook - is available from www.greatwarartist.com for £ 9.97 .
As a life - long feminist , my opinion of John McCain seemed to be sealed in cement when the now famous quote by him about his wife Cindy received national attention .
In front of three reporters and two aides , the following scene took place between husband and wife : " At one point , Cindy playfully twirled McCain 's hair and said , ' You 're getting a little thin up there , ' " author Cliff Schechter writes in his new book The Real John McCain : Why Conservatives Do n't Trust Him and Why Independents Should n't .
" McCain 's face reddened , and he responded , ' At least I do n't plaster on the makeup like a trollop , you c-word . ' "
This type of remark should not only be offensive to Cindy McCain , but to all women who hear about it .
This disturbing dialogue took place well before the third and final presidential debate last week .
I can say that I , as many women watching across the country , was stunned to hear John McCain 's latest derogatory remarks regarding women and their health care needs and private , personal - choice decisions .
I must admit that my already low opinion of the man sunk even lower after that debate .
When a discussion of abortion rights came front and center in the back and forth between the two rivals , Senator Barack Obama defended his past votes on certain procedures because they did not include provisions he deemed necessary to preserve the " life and health " of the mother .
When it was McCain 's turn to respond , he let loose with the following diatribe , which makes him famous once again for outrageous statements and should finally seal his fate as the candidate who has publically demonstrated his disgust of and hatred for all women , not just his wife .
" Just again , the example of the eloquence of Senator Obama .
He 's health for the mother .
You know , that 's been stretched by the pro-abortion movement in America to mean almost anything .
That 's the extreme pro-abortion position , quote , ' health . ' "
Just for Senator McCain 's information , there is no pro-abortion movement in America .
No one is for abortion , but most Americans are for choice .
And the right - wing ideologue 's desire to put more and more restrictions on women 's health care has become a nightmare for women across the nation .
The look on McCain 's face of pure hatred for women and particularly his sarcastic use of " air quotes " as a demeaning signal of distain as he rolled his eyes and pursed his lips to emphasize his total lack of concern for a pregnant woman 's health or life , in the event that a medical decision needed to be made in the privacy of her doctor 's office , was totally offensive to all caring people who observed it .
Although I am sure that the whacky right - wing chauvinistic - Republican crowd must have been up on their feet and cheering as McCain tried to portray Obama 's support of a woman 's health as an " extreme " position .
The reality is that even the most ardent pro-lifers would concede that the consideration for the life and health of the mother is indeed a mainstream concern , and not " extreme " in any sense of the word .
In the 21st century , American women need a president who understands and defends the rights of all women .
John McCain has demonstrated over the years that he is not that man .
Not only is he against equal pay for equal work and raising the minimum wage , but he has consistently voted against moderate approaches on family planning , sex education and access to basic health care , all issues of " extreme " importance to women across the country .
According to his congressional voting record he has levied 125 votes against women 's health , including those which would require health care plans to cover birth control .
He opposed funding to prevent unintended and teen pregnancies , as well as public education for emergency contraception .
McCain also voted against restoring Medicaid funding that would be used for family planning for low - income women .
And in this day and age , as unbelievable as it sounds , he is against comprehensive , medically - accurate sex education .
John McCain 's ultimate goal , of course , is his desire to overturn Roe v. Wade .
This would be more likely to occur by his appointment of additional right - wing - extremist judges to the Supreme Court and would ultimately force many poor and desperate women to seek out back - alley butchers when access to safe , legal medical procedures are no longer available .
This worst case scenario would make John McCain and his kind extremely pleased with themselves .
Obama 's Democratic supporters in W.Va. are dispelling rumors about their candidate .
But it may be tough to sway a state where race is an issue .
W.Va. polls tighten , race takes back seat
LOGAN , W.Va . — West Virginia 's Democratic leaders on Saturday embarked on a winding , eight - county bus tour through the south of the state , and in one small mining town after another , they sold Barack Obama to small crowds of Democrats with remarkable directness .
" He is black " was the first thing Kenny Perdue , the state 's AFL - CIO president , said .
" The gentleman that 's in the White House and John McCain — they 're white men .
And I 'm absolutely ashamed of what George W. Bush has done to this country . "
Advertisement
The president of the United Mine Workers , Cecil Roberts , spoke after Perdue in a parking lot set in the flat plateau below the remains of a strip - mined mountain .
" I 'd rather have a black friend than a white enemy , " he said .
State Democratic Party Chairman Nick Casey spoke , too .
Casey , 57 , grew up Irish Catholic in Charleston , and he said the bus was following John F. Kennedy 's bus route in the 1960 Democratic primary .
" There 's a lot of people out there think you 're a bunch of inbred , redneck racists , " he told a couple dozen people wearing union hats and jackets .
" They say you wo n't vote for a man who 's black . "
" The rest of the country thought when Kennedy ran we were a bunch of ignorant , inbred religious bigots , " he said .
" They were wrong , and we made Kennedy president . "
As a local judicial candidate spoke in Logan , two of the politicians wandered off to marvel at the scene taking place behind them .
There , a polite , black former Marine , Mitchell Cook , was handing blue Obama
bumper stickers and yard signs to drivers pulling into the mall and was even attaching the bumper stickers himself to some of the pickups and battered two - doors .
" Twenty , 30 years ago , if you had a black man stopping cars , handing out signs right here , he would have been shot , " said state Auditor Glen Gainer .
" Now they 're stopping , asking him to put on stickers . "
West Virginia is n't exactly a battleground state .
After Obama was shellacked here by Hillary Rodham Clinton in the Democratic primary — the southern coal counties voted for her by margins as high as 8 - to - 1 — both his campaign and John McCain 's assumed he 'd lose it .
And with good reason : West Virginia represents a cross-section of the voters who have been hardest for Obama to reach .
It 's among the oldest , whitest and least - educated states in America .
It was where reporters found white Democrats who freely use the N - word and swore they 'd never vote for Obama .
But maybe the campaigns and the press misread the depth of prejudice in West Virginia .
Or maybe , since the May primary , something has changed here .
The state is also a historic Democratic stronghold , if one where Democrats sometimes put the words " NRA member " beneath their names on campaign signs .
And four recent public polls suggested the
race here has closed from a double - digit McCain lead to a slender one .
The Obama campaign responded last week by buying airtime in Clarksburg , in the center of the state , the sole media market that does n't already see television ads intended for neighboring Ohio , Virginia , and Pennsylvania .
And in another sign that Obama is taking the state seriously , the campaign 's West Virginia spokeswoman , Jenny Rosenberg , confirmed that Sen .
Joe Biden will hold a rally in Charleston , the capital , on Friday .
Obama has " a great chance to win " the state , his campaign manager , David Plouffe , said in a video for donors released Sunday morning .
West Virginia probably wo n't be counted on to provide Obama his 270th electoral vote to put him over the top .
A victory here would likely be the exclamation point on an Obama landslide .
Bill Clinton won here twice ; Al Gore lost ; and in 2004 , John F. Kerry fought hard here before pulling out and sending local staff to Ohio 10 days before the election .
He lost by 13 percentage points .
But with the economy in bad shape and McCain lacking the organization and enthusiasm that were attached to George W. Bush , Democrats feel race is the final obstacle to Obama 's victory .
Obama , they say , is essentially running against himself and against the cluster of rumors about his religion and politics that Democratic leaders see as another expression of the same thing .
The polls confirm , though , the changes Democrats say they see among their constituents .
" We warm up to people a little slower than most folks do , " said Lonnie Harris , the Mingo County sherriff who , like virtually every other public official in this part of the state , backed Clinton .
" She 's supporting Barack , and that 's helped a lot in overcoming people 's fears .
" There 's always prejudicial issues in the South , but nothing he can't overcome , " said Harris .
" In the last 30 days , I saw a big movement to Obama .
They 're learning about him — that he 's a Christian , that he 's from a biracial marriage . "
Republicans in the state say Obama 's problems are n't about his race , but rather his views .
And they say that they 'll bring the hammer down on him in the final weeks on the social issues — guns , abortion and same - sex marriage — that they say put Obama far to the left of even West Virginia Democrats .
" The politicians do n't get to tell people what 's important to them , " said McCain 's state director , Ben Beakes , who said he'd focus in the closing days on Obama 's " radical " stance on abortion and guns , though neither campaign has so much as sent mailings to voters , and neither would say if it will .
The Democrats making the case for Obama are attuned to the looming gun issue and have been working to immunize Obama against it .
The candidate for secretary of state , Natalie Tennant , is a former mascot for the locally revered West Virginia University Mountaineers , and she brought her musket .
At the half - dozen outdoor stops , she fired it .
" We all have a gun with us , but they wo n't let us shoot it , " Cecil Roberts complained at a roadside stop at Alum Creek .
" Natalie 's the only one who gets to shoot her gun . "
Though West Virginia has been far from the front burner , Obama also has a more robust organization here than does McCain .
He has 31 staffers in the state .
Casey , the Democratic state chairman , alleges McCain has only one , the state director .
" John McCain is confident that ignorant , redneck racists are not going to vote for Barack Obama , because Barack Obama is black , " said Casey .
Beakes dismissed the charge .
" We know the state has been competitive in the past and we do n't want to take it for granted , " he said , adding that " contrary to the Democrats ' suggestions , I am not the only " staffer .
And while the polls have moved toward Obama , his challenges here are still immense .
A poll from West Virginia Wesleyan University last month found that 21 percent of the state 's residents identified him as a Muslim .
Just over half affirmed that he 's Christian .
" I do n't think some of the older folks will ever change , " said Ellen Todd , an Obama supporter in Beckley who said some of her relatives described Obama using racial slurs .
" Are you ignorant ?
Are you inbred ?
Are you racist ? "
Casey called out to the crowd of about 300 in Beckley , to a chorus of " no . "
He and the other Democrats asked supporters to talk openly of their enthusiasm for Obama , and they speculate about a " reverse Bradley effect , " saying white Obama supporters are n't always comfortable expressing their support for him openly .
But voters and politicians alike supported the notion , suggested by the polls , that something is happening here .
Fifty yards from the Democrats ' rally in the parking lot in Logan , a gray - haired woman in a pink " Praise the Lord " sweatshirt was sitting behind the counter at Sue 's Bible Books .
A flyer from the National Right to Life Committee sat next to the cash register , clearly laying out McCain 's opposition
to abortion rights and Obama 's support .
The shopkeeper , who asked to be identified only by her first name , Anna , had voted for Clinton .
She said she'd heard the rumors that Obama was a Muslim and had heard McCain 's attacks on his friendly relationship with the former Weather Underground bomber Bill Ayers .
But her pastor had closed the church early Wednesday night so his parishioners could watch the debate .
" I got home from church in time to watch , and I was very impressed with Obama , " she said .
" He even said that night [ of Ayers ] , ' I was 8 years old when I went to that man 's house , ' " she said , slightly garbling
Obama 's response to the attack .
" He swayed me that night , " she said .
A metal - eating earthworm that can survive the toxic environment of heavily contaminated soils is being recruited in the fight to clean up the polluted land of former industrial sites .
Scientists believe earthworms have undergone rapid evolutionary changes at abandoned mines in Britain , which have enabled them to survive and even thrive in an environment rich in toxic heavy metals .
The researchers hope it may be possible to breed the worms and distribute them around contaminated sites in the hope they can help rid the soil of heavy metals .
" A combination of laboratory , field and synchrotron X - ray experiments have led to the finding that metal - tolerant populations of super earthworms are evolving , " said Mark Hodson of the University of Reading .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Earthworms can consume 30 times their own body weight each day and the super worms ingest large quantities of potentially toxic metals such as arsenic , lead , zinc and caesium , Dr Hodson told the science festival .
Four new cast members have been revealed for Torchwood : Children of Earth , the shortened third season of the cult show .
Producer Peter Bennett told Torchwood Magazine about the additions , a mixture of established and upcoming talent .
Former Cape Wrath star Lucy Cohu will play Alice , described by Bennett as " a woman keeping many secrets from the past " .
Susan Brown , best known for her turn in The Riff Raff Element , plays Bridget Spears - " a character vitally connected to the government , which plays an important part in this story " , according to Bennett .
The quartet is completed by newcomers Cush Jumbo and Rik Makarem , with the former playing Lois Habiba , " a secretary who hacks into some vital information " , and Makarem portraying Doctor Rupesh Patanjali , a " junior doctor at St Helen 's hospital who gets drawn into Torchwood 's investigations " .
They join a trio of previously announced guest stars - including Peter Capaldi - in the third season , which is currently filming for transmission on BBC One in early 2009 .
> Click here for our review of Torchwood 's second season
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The OpenMoko project recently released a much - needed update to the official software stack of the Neo FreeRunner .
I 've had a FreeRunner for a few months and during that time I have used it to run everything from Debian to Qtopia ( now known as QT Extended ) , so when OpenMoko announced the OM2008.9 update I eagerly upgraded to see what it had to offer .
( This is a short review of the recently released OM2008.9 software stack .
For a full evaluation of the Neo FreeRunner please read my review in the upcoming December issue of Linux Journal . )
Initial Impressions
The first thing I noticed when booting the FreeRunner into OM2008.9 was the shiny new boot splash screen .
Previously one had to watch two to three minutes of kernel messages scrolling down the screen before arriving at any sort of GUI .
For us geeks this not only was cool , but sometimes even useful .
However , whenever I showed the FreeRunner booting to my plebian friends it always evoked the same sort of " WTF ? " bewilderment .
Adding a simple splash screen for the boot process is one of those little things that actually adds a lot of polish ( even if it simply displays a pair of boots , as it oddly does ) .
Once the GUI was started and the FreeRunner is ready I noticed the nice icons on the home screen .
The icons are bright and colorful , although not necessarily indicative of the functionality they represent .
By default there are only 6 icons : Contacts , Dialer , Locations , Messages , Settings , and Sudoku .
These are icons for applications that run on OM2008.9 .
More applications can be added with the built - in Installer that is shown at the bottom of the screen .
The Standard Applications
The Contacts application is simple enough and offers barebones contact management features .
It is sometimes a little buggy , although the biggest drawback is having to use the default keyboard to enter information ( more on this later ) .
If your contacts are already stored on your SIM then OM2008.9 can access them directly from the card , even without importing .
The Dialer application has n't evolved much , and is still a little tricky to use .
There is a little red " X " square in the keypad that one would think deletes the previous digit that was entered .
Instead , pressing this key quits the Dialer , which can be rather frustrating .
The key for deleting digits is displayed in the menu at the bottom of the screen , where you normally quit an application .
Otherwise , the Dialer is mostly what you would expect .
The Locations application takes advantage of the FreeRunner 's GPS capabilities to display your current location on a worldwide map .
This is neat , although at this point it appears to be nearly useless .
I 'm sure the developers have plans for this application , as we have seen that mapping applications can be quite powerful .
The Settings application is used to configure your preferences , as one would expect .
Although the interface for this has improved quite a bit , it still is rather limited .
I was excited to see a new , simpler way to join WiFi networks .
However , after trying ( unsuccessfully ) to join several networks I became suspicious .
As it turns out WiFi support is just one of the many known issues in OM2008.9 .
Areas for Improvement
One major area that OpenMoko still has plenty of space to improve is in call quality .
Calls made with OM2008.9 are muffled and hazy , both to you and the person on the other end of the line .
For a device that is marketed as a phone it should be very important to make sure that calling works very well .
Also , the FreeRunner lacks a hardware volume button , which can be quite frustrating when the noise in the environment around you changes .
Most of the time I used the FreeRunner 's stylus when reviewing OM2008.9 , but often it would be more convenient to just use my finger with the screen .
I found that several parts of the OM2008.9 software respond differently to touch than to the stylus .
For example , in Settings you have to scroll down the page to see the items at the bottom of the list .
This works fine with the stylus , but when using a finger the Settings application tends to select an item from the list rather than scroll .
I do not know how hard this problem is from a technical standpoint , but it certainly would be nice if the software could respond to input from a stylus and a finger consistently .
Another area that could use improvement is the battery life .
Even when the FreeRunner is idle , and both WiFi and GPS are disabled , I was only able to get about 6 - 7 hours of battery life .
I know this is probably not a focus for the OpenMoko team , but improvement here would definitely encourage people to use the device as a fulltime phone .
It is unlikely that anyone will be willing to carry a phone that only lasts for 6 hours .
On a related note , the phone sometimes stops charging , even when plugged into the charger , leaving you with an unpleasant surprise when you need your phone .
There are tremendous improvements in the UI from previous versions .
Although at times it lags a little , for the most part the interface is quite snappy and responsive .
Having said that , there are two particular interface elements that could benefit from more work .
First , there should be more progress meters .
For example , when attempting to join a WiFi network the UI gives no indication of its progress , seems to finishes immediately , and provides no way to tell if you have successfully joined the network .
In this case a simple progress meter could set expectations for the user and can ease some frustration .
The second UI element that needs work is the error message dialog .
These messages pop up to convey some message about the status or output of an action .
Although the text of the message is there , the background of the dialog is transparent .
The text is often overlayed on the background screen , making it difficult to read and especially hard to dismiss the message .
But , of all these issues , none compared with the pain of using the default keyboard .
The Dreaded Keyboard
My biggest complaint with the OM2008.9 stack is the default keyboard .
At first it appears to support only the standard 26 characters in lower case .
I had to research the keyboard to learn that other characters are revealed by flicking the onscreen keyboard upwards .
The keyboard is extremely unintuitive and rather difficult to use .
For example , to enter an email address you must type the first characters , then flick the keyboard up two screens to enter the @ sign , then flick the keyboard back two screens to enter the domain , then back two screens to enter the period (. ) , then back two screens to enter " com . "
This process is anything but quick .
The keyboard home screen has plenty of space to include a few common characters such as the @ sign , dash , period , question mark , and a shift key ( the uppercase characters are also listed on a separate screen that you must switch to ) .
The keyboard is such a critical piece of any mobile device and it really needs to be easy to use and understand .
The space limitations that mobile devices place on keyboards is well known , and mobile software vendors continue to create interesting solutions to the problem .
The OpenMoko team needs to make sure to get the keyboard right .
Almost There
Do you remember the state of Linux in late 2000 and early 2001 ?
The 2.4 kernel was about to become officially supported , KDE 2 was almost ready to go , and companies around the world were making headlines by adopting Linux .
At the time it seemed like Linux was " almost there . "
At any day your Grandma would be using Linux .
Well , that 's how I now feel about OM2008.9 on the Neo FreeRunner .
It 's getting closer , and people are working very hard to make this this thing ready for prime time .
As a phone there is still some work ( ok , a lot of work ) to be done before your Grandma will be making calls with it .
Barack Obama sampling some cheese and Iberico ham .
At upwards of $ 99 per pound , you deserve that Iberico .
Hats off to you , friend .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Omagh was the biggest loss of life in a single attack in the Troubles
Ten years after 29 people and two unborn babies were killed in the Omagh bombing , no - one is in jail for the attack .
The BBC's Panorama programme has learnt that the UK's electronic intelligence agency GCHQ was monitoring exchanges between the bombers that day .
Here Panorama reporter John
Ware explains why the GCHQ intercepts were not passed to detectives and how they may have helped .
Over 10 years there have been two police inquiries into the Omagh bombing costing many millions of pounds .
The key suspects are well known .
Why are n't any of them in jail ?
The biggest complication facing Criminal Investigation Department ( CID ) officers in what was then the Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) was the fact that though the bombing was committed in their jurisdiction , 80 % of the suspects lived in the Irish Republic , thus falling under the jurisdiction of the Republic 's police force , the Garda Siochana .
GCHQ ' monitored bombers ' calls '
The two police forces were governed by different rules and laws .
Despite frequent assurances from the UK and Irish governments that the police forces were co-operating to such an unprecedented extent that there was , in effect , a joint inquiry , in reality there were two separate and parallel inquiries .
An internal review by the RUC and later by the Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland said there were serious flaws in the gathering and processing of evidence with leads not being followed up .
That being said , RUC detectives did manage to identify the mobiles that had been used in the planning and execution of the attack , and four other linked bombings , through " cell site " analysis of 6.4 million calls - which was widely regarded as a ground breaking piece of work .
However , although this proved which mobiles had been used and where ( for example when the bomb car was being parked in Omagh ) it did not prove who had been using them .
Unknown to the detectives some of this evidence lay within the UK's electronic intelligence agency GCHQ , in the form of voice recordings obtained through interception , both by GCHQ and the Special Branch .
Why could n't the intercepts be used as evidence in court against the bombers ?
There has been a blanket ban on the use of intercepts as evidence in the UK .
In 2003 the then Prime Minister Tony Blair ordered a review to see if lifting the ban might secure more convictions of organised criminals and terrorists but the government concluded that " it was not the right time to change the law " .
Intercept evidence is used in the courts of most other Western democracies such as Canada , Australia and the US , where it has put mafia mobsters behind bars .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has now agreed to the limited use of intercepts being used as evidence , but intelligence agencies like GCHQ will still be allowed a veto .
So in practice not much may change .
Sir Ronnie Flanagan , RUC Chief Constable at the time of the Omagh bombing , told the BBC he knew nothing about the GCHQ intercepts .
Now Her Majesty 's Chief Inspector of Constabulary , he says he has always been a supporter of lifting the ban .
Police officers or government officials are not supposed to disclose any details of an intercept .
But there was nothing in law to stop the details of GCHQ 's intercepts from having been shared with the CID to help them develop evidential leads .
What difference would it have made if the intercepts had been shared with the CID ?
Detectives talk about the " golden hours " in the immediate aftermath of a crime .
This period offers the best opportunity of gathering evidence against criminals who may not yet have been able to dispose of weapons , clothing and equipment containing DNA , fibres and other forensic leads .
In the case of the Omagh bombing , had the mobile numbers used and the names of those believed to have been using them been disclosed immediately to the CID , the suspects ' homes could have been raided and phones and clothes recovered for forensic testing , which may have linked them to cars used in the bombing .
Intercepts could also have helped the detectives carry out more effective interrogations .
There is nothing more unsettling for a suspect than knowing that the interrogator knows the score ; and nothing more undermining for the interrogator than when the suspect knows he is fishing .
Transcripts of interrogations with suspects show detectives casting their net wide .
Without being briefed about what was in the transcripts , they had little to go on .
Some detectives believe that had they been entrusted with this information they might have secured some admissions , because emotions were so highly charged by the scale of the carnage .
Why was intelligence not shared with the detectives ?
This remains the most perplexing question .
Senior police sources believe the most likely explanation is a fear that details of GCHQ 's secret technology and methodology would seep into the evidential chain if too much was shared with the CID and that this posed an unacceptable risk to the strategic capability of the UK 's intelligence agencies .
It is also not clear who got what and when .
One well informed source insists that the GCHQ material was available to the Special Branch within six hours of the bombing .
Special Branch sources have categorically denied this , insisting they were only given the details three to four days after the bombing .
Special Branch insist that they gave this information , which had been sanitised by GCHQ , verbally to the CID 24 hours later .
However police sources say , the CID log records that detectives did not get names until three and a half weeks after the bombing .
But this was of little use to them because they got no other details on which they could build a case - not even the fact that the bombers had been using mobiles .
Special Branch sources say they were heavily restricted by GCHQ in what they could disclose to the detectives .
Is the failure to share intercept evidence the only reason no - one has been convicted ?
Who can say ?
Whilst the detectives have been criticised for not following up all of the leads , we will never know if they had , whether this would have led to charges .
The bombers were ex-members of the Provisional IRA , or Provos , who had left in protest at their leaders signing up to the Northern Ireland peace process .
Although Provo leaders condemned the bombing , they never encouraged their members who might have had evidence against the bombers to come forward with witness statements to the Garda Siochana or the RUC , now the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) .
What happens now ?
The Omagh families are suing five individuals who they say were responsible for the deaths of their relatives in the civil courts in Belfast .
The five , all of whom deny any involvement in the explosion , are : Michael McKevitt , currently in jail in the Irish Republic for directing terrorism ; Liam Campbell ; Seamus McKenna ; Seamus Daly and Colm Murphy , who is also facing a retrial after his 2005 conviction for conspiring to cause the Omagh bomb was overturned .
Lawyers for the families say they will seek discovery of the GCHQ material through the courts .
They have renewed their calls for a public inquiry .
Panorama : Omagh - What the Police Were Never Told will be broadcast on BBC One at 8.30 pm on Monday 15 September .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Free Antique Price Guide
Below you will find our free antique price guide specialized in antique advertising .
All prices come from actual past auction listings .
All items in our free antique price guide list the full price a customer has paid in an auction .
This includes both the hammer price and buyers premium for each item along with images , descriptions , conditions , sale dates and sale locations .
For more information about our auctions , please visit the timed auction page or visit our auction site .
You can sign up for auction emails and alerts in “ alerts sign up ” tab .
We hope you enjoy the price guide .
The phenology records at Mohonk House are , in many ways , a model for such observations .
They were compiled , in large measure , by Mr. Huth and the naturalist he succeeded , Daniel Smiley Jr. Mr. Smiley , who died in 1989 , was a beloved descendant of the two Quaker brothers who founded Mohonk House in 1869 .
He dedicated much of his life to keeping lists of everything he saw and heard on the mountain , collecting whatever was of interest to him and labeling it carefully for future use .
Mr. Smiley kept his phenology records as meticulously as he “ did the weather ” for more than 50 years , for which he earned the National Weather Service ’s highest award , named for Thomas Jefferson .
Image Paul C. Huth collecting data at Mohonk House .
Credit ... Chris Ramirez for The New York Times
He walked the extensive grounds of the resort making notes about every bird call he heard , every animal he saw , every budding flower and flowering tree .
Back in his office , he transcribed those notes onto 3 - by - 5 cards ( many early ones were written on the reverse side of the hotel ’s old menu cards ) .
Over time , he amassed more than 14,500 cards with notations like this one , from March 28 , 1929 , filed under “ partridge ” : “ Near Duck Hawk ledge on Sky Top saw one ‘ treading ’ another , with great commotion down in a brush pile in a crevice , while a third looked on .
Too dark for a picture . ”
In 1978 , the Smiley family carved out 6,500 of its acres around the hotel to form the Mohonk Preserve , the largest nonprofit nature preserve in New York State .
In 1980 , the preserve created a research center that was named for Mr. Smiley after he died in 1989 .
Mr. Smiley was an old - school amateur naturalist , but his observations have proved to be solid scientific evidence .
For instance , when the hotel ’s chlorination system started acting up in 1931 , he began taking water temperature and acidity readings .
He was surprised to find that the water was unusually acidic , a pH of around 4.5 , but he did not know why and just filed away his notes .
Jump ahead 40 years to the early 1970s , when acid rain became a concern .
Mr. Smiley dug up his old notes and sent them to the Environmental Defense Fund , which used the data as a baseline for extended studies of acid rain .
Similarly , in the 1950s Mr. Smiley found on his walks that the use of DDT to control gypsy moths was killing all kinds of insects , and that the peregrine falcon had nearly disappeared from the Shawangunks .
He ordered all spraying stopped on Mohonk land .
Of course , DDT spraying was later banned .
Last year , Benjamin I. Cook , a climate modeler and post - doctoral fellow at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies , and his father , Edward R. Cook , a tree-ring specialist at the Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory who met Mr. Smiley in 1971 when he was a military policeman at West Point , published a study in The International Journal of Climatology .
They analyzed Mohonk House data to determine how some overwintering birds , insects , animals and 19 species of plants had changed their habits in accord with changes in temperature .
In all my years of covering the lottery business I ’ve never seen a scratch game dedicated solely to funding the research aimed at fighting a disease .
Well , now I ’ve seen everything .
And it ’s awesome !
[ Why do n’t more lotteries do this , considering the funding problems so many researchers have these days ? ]
In September , Illinois announced the release of a new instant ticket that will fund research aimed at developing preventative measures and treatment of MS .
It ’s Double Time !  is the first instant ticket in U.S. Lottery history where 100 percent of net proceeds will be used to help people in Illinois living with MS .
We anticipate great success with this ticket and are hopeful that it will attract new players who want to combine fun with the chance to support an important cause at the same time ,  added the state ’s acting Lottery Superintendent .
Multiple sclerosis is an unpredictable neurological disease that interrupts the flow of information between the brain and the rest of the body and stops people from moving .
There are at least 400,000 Americans with MS , and every week about 200 new people are diagnosed with the disease “ more than one person an hour .
Treatment for multiple sclerosis is expensive and often means a significant portion of a family ’s income is consumed by care giving , hospital and physician costs , medication , long - term care , assistive devices and equipment .
The average cost for someone living with MS is $ 69,118 per year .
The Illinois General Assembly will appropriate proceeds from It ’s Double Time !  tickets to the Department of Public Health and the National MS Society , which will award grants to organizations conducting MS research in Illinois .
All grants funded by the ticket ’s revenue will be reviewed and approved by the National MS Society ’s Research Programs Advisory Committee , a panel that includes some 75 leading scientists , physicians and other professionals from virtually every field related to MS .
In the Money :
Tuesday night ’s Mega Millions Jackpot is worth $ 43 million .
Wednesday ’s Powerball jackpot is also worth $ 42 million .
Good luck .
One of the biggest songs in the country last year was an inane , sex - chant - infused Southern rap called " Crank That ( Soulja Boy ) , " by young Soulja Boy Tell Em , from tiny Batesville , Mississippi , population 7,113 .
Soulja Boy Tell
Em turned 18 this summer and is looking forward to voting for the first time .
His monster hit song included repeated assertions of a cartoonishly absurd sex act : supermanning , or as he elaborated repeatedly in the song , " Superman that ho , " which means to come on a woman 's back and then put a sheet over her so it sticks to her back and she looks like she ’s wearing a cape .
Ridiculous stuff .
He also chants repeatedly , " Supersoak that ho , ” the meaning of which needs no explanation , given the neighborhood we 're already in .
These are ludicrous suggestions that play into the Cro-Magnon conception of men using sex and sperm to attack and slay women .
It 's such a mean - spirited vision of sex that every time I heard the record I thought , I bet that before this came out , he was a virgin .
I asked him , “ What historical figure do you most hate ? ”
He said , " Shout out to the slave masters !
Without them we 'd still be in Africa . ”
Last week in Atlanta , I got to interview Soulja Boy Tell Em . I found out just how young he really is .
He was one of about ten rappers I interviewed in one day for my BET show , The Black Carpet .
I decided it'd be fun to give all the rappers part of the Proust questionnaire .
I thought it'd be a way to get beyond image and into who they really are .
Most of the guys gave good , thoughtful , intelligent , sensitive answers .
I asked Juelz Santana , “ How would you like to die ? ”
He said , " Loved . "
Then came Soulja Boy Tell Em. I asked him , “ What historical figure do you most hate ? ”
He was stumped .
I said , " Others have said Hitler , bin Laden , the slave masters ... "
He said , " Oh wait !
Hold up !
Shout out to the slave masters !
Without them we 'd still be in Africa . "
My jaw , at this point , was on the ground .
" We would n't be here , " he continued , having no idea how far in it he'd stepped , " to get this ice and tattoos . "
Wow .
Never mind that diamonds come from Africa .
Never mind that there were many generations of pain in between leaving Africa and getting diamonds .
Never mind that the long - term cataclysmic effects of subtracting about tens of millions of young , strong people from Africa over the course of a couple of centuries is a large part of the reason why Africa now appears so distasteful to you .
Never mind all that , Soulja Boy .
You put country first .
Contents
The full content of the book can now be downloaded for free .
Download by section :
Some sample page spreads from different chapters
Former state senator Dianne Wilkerson was sentenced to 3 1/2 years in prison after pleading guilty to taking $ 23,500 in bribes .
Wilkerson was snared in an undercover investigation by Boston police and the FBI .
Read on to see some of the surveillance footage from the case .
Left : On June 5 , 2007 , Wilkerson met a cooperating witness at the Scollay Square Restaurant , where she accepted $ 500 .
Today , Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton has instructed his forces to be on high alert during the US elections .
Private security firms ( Blackwater ? ) have also been engaged for these activities .
The argument behind the move is the threat of Islamic fundamentalists attacking US infrastructure to influence the outcome of the election .
In his own words he has stated that a Win for Mc Cain would be the preferred result for Osama Bin laden because Obama would better the image the rest of the world has of the United States .
The image of " The Great Satan " is the most valuable asset for the Islamic radicals .
The fact that Osama Bin Laden is DEAD does n't seem to register on the Irony scale .
OkNow let 's see what is really going on here .
The general wish of the US population at the moment would indicate that Obama is the popular candidate .
This is comforting because if the US population actually preferred Mc Cain over Obama , then God Help us all .
Neither will bring any meaningful change when they arrive in Pennsylvania Avenue anyway but it's the illusion that counts here .
This is what the electorate are voting on , well besides those folks like the Rascists , the Loony Christian Right , The Soccer moms who like Sarah 's lipstick , or the Beer Guzzling Baseball watching couch potatoes that think she has a nice ass .
Not that I have anything against Baseball or Beer , but there will always be people who vote based on a serious lack of understanding of even the most basic , if deceptive , garbage coming from the mouths of the candidates .
But , hey , that 's " Democracy " for you .
Neither will be able to prevent the accelerating Financial destruction of the population .
The Rich are already in the lifeboats and the rest of us are still drinking soda at the bar or looking frantically around for a lifejacket .
So why the state of high alert as , happened in 2006 and 2004 ?
Could it be because the election is being rigged , and all the evidence is in to support this , and the population realises that they have been had - Again - and will take to the streets like they did in Los Angeles during the Race riots ?
Possibly .
Most people will be analysing the results and being spoon fed by the Newspeak Corporation telling their viewers that , Golly gee , the winner won in a fair fight and God Bless Democracy ; .
the American people have spoken .
Fortunately there are people who have come to realise that they have been the victims of the biggest grift in Human History courtesy of Government , Democrat or Republican , no difference .
What will they do if Mc Cain wins ?
Protest on the street ?
We have seen a graphic demonstration in the last few years of exactly what that leads to .
Tear Gas , Tasers , Horse charges , Wanton Assault and Battery by the Men In Black , Free speech " Zones " , beating up the old and infirm , the very young and the vulnerable ans summary imprisonment .
The power of the people has been steadily eroded financially , morally and constitutionally .
there 's not much left to take away at this stage but , have no doubt , they want it all and then some .
thinking back to all those Halliburton contracted Detention Camps that have been built all across America , you wonder exactly who they are intended for .
Certainly not for " Islamic terrorists " , they 're busy defending their homeland in Afghanistan and Iraq against a murderous assault on their sovereignty by NATO , spear headed by the Moron in Chief 's personal muscle .
So that leaves the American people themselves .
No way I hear you say !
Listen up , as discussed in this blog , a thousand others and online on the Goverment 's own website , " President " George W Bush has the legal power to declare martial law at the drop of a hat .
That 's the facts and there is no denying them .
When have Power crazy gangsters , like the aforementioned , made laws that give them Dictatorial power and then just not use them ?
Errrr NEVER .
This horribly beautiful orchestration of Legal Sleight of Hand has left US citizens completely legally powerless to resist any whim of the Emperor in Chief .
Do not think for a second that you have any rights in this matter .
Ever heard of Guantanamo ?
Well , you , an American cizizen , can be declared an enemy combatant , and shipped over there never to be heard of again .
Jose padilla was the test case to disfigure the law of habeus corpus and was acquiesced to by a very accomodating Attorney General and Congress .
In fact , most of Bush 's power grabs have been achieved by signing statements and executive orders , as did Bill Clinton before him .
Congress did n't even get a say .
But even when they did , they went along anyway .
Patriot Act , Patriot Act 2 etc etc .
Another thing to remember here is that the 3rd Infantry ’s 1st BCT is now on American soil with a stated mission in " Civilian Unrest " Adios Posse Comitatus .
So Police Chief William Bratton , various nationwide police chiefs , National Guard Commanders , Commanding officer of the 3rd Infantry ’s 1st BCT .
What do you have planned for your fellow citizens to whom you swore a solemn oath to protect from enemies , foreign and No doubt , we are about to find out .
As we have noted often , in tightly coupled systems like our modern financial regime , efforts to contain risk typically make matters worse .
As Richard Bookstaber explained in his Demon of Our Own Design , there are two reasons for this phenomenon .
First is that processes move through a series of steps that cannot be interrupted , so certain interventions are impossible short of shutting down the entire system ( or a fundamental redesign ) .
Second is that any intervention cannot be localized .
It inevitably produces other effects that are at best unintended , and generally not neutral .
The latest illustration : one of the big motivations behind the latest “ let ’s save the banks ” initiative was ( first ) to get interbank lending going , but a second , important goal was to facilitate mortgage lending , with the hope that volumes would improve , and even better yet , rates .
Unfortunately , in another example of unintended consequences , the improvement in interbank lending in occurring at a glacial pace , while mortgage rates went in the wrong direction , and quickly to boot .
From the Financial Times :
What is the best dehumidifier for mold 2020 ?
When buying dehumidifiers , you will find many in the market of all sizes as with many integrated functions .
Normally , we decide to bet on a domestic dehumidifier , but which one is the best and the most useful for my family ?
There are many factors that you have to consider before making this decision .
For this reason , next , we want to leave you a list with the best dehumidifiers for home on the market , high - efficiency equipment , and excellent performance , perfect to take care of your health as that of your family , in an easy , comfortable and dynamic way .
Keep reading to meet the most efficient !
What domestic dehumidifier to choose ?
Name Ratings Price Comfee MDDF - 20DEN - 3 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Check Price Pro Breeze PB - 05 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Check Price De'Longhi DEX14 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ CHECK PRICE Pro Breeze Dehumidifier ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ CHECK PRICE
1. Comfee MDDF - 20DEN - 3 – Best Dehumidifier For Mold 2020
We started this selection with a dehumidifier that stands out for its ability to remove moisture .
It is the Comfee MDDF - 20DEN3 .
This dehumidifier can filter and remove up to 20 liters of water in the air .
It comes with a perfect anti-freeze system for frosts with a 24 - hour timer .
It is suitable for rooms and rooms with more than 100 m3 .
It also has an LED screen with easy touch control .
Its drain hose allows continuous operation .
It also brings a turbo function to increase the speed of filtration as an automatic restart function so that it prevents mold formation .
Conclusion
An excellent dehumidifier is the Comfee MDDF - 20DEN3 , which has a 3 - year warranty and I was able to purify how to dehumidify 20 liters of air in 24 hours .
It can cover 100 m3 bedrooms and comes with a 24 - hour timer clock .
It can be used in wineries , holiday homes , new buildings and more
The opinion of other buyers “ I recommend this product for the quality of its materials , the price at the market as the amount of water it draws .
The only downside it has is that it does not have wheels to move it from one side to the other , but I would not change it Not at all . ”
William .
2. Pro Breeze PB - 05 – Best Dehumidifier For Mold 2020
Its Peltier technology makes it easy to use , with the least amount of noise possible .
It comes with an efficient thermoelectric cooling system that does n’t consume much energy .
It is ideal for use in the garage , bedrooms , kitchen and more .
With the Pro-Breeze PB - 05 - EU dehumidifier , moisture will be a thing of the past in your home .
Being high - efficiency equipment that can eliminate up to 1500 ml of moisture in the air with a tank of capacity close to 3 liters .
Its humidity sensor is integrated into the tank and will detect any kind of change .
Conclusion
Come hand in hand with an experience with the best form of dehumidification using Pro-Breeze PB - 05 - EU .
This 3000 ml high - efficiency equipment is ideal for extremely humid environments .
Its integrated humidity sensor with an LED display will notify you when the desired percentage is reached .
Eliminates up to 1.5 liters of moisture a day with your tank .
Its Peltier technology makes it ultrasonic and not very loud .
The opinion of other buyers “ This equipment arrived a little earlier than expected , but it is very good since it is an easy - to - use dehumidifier , with simple controls .
The change in the environment is already noticed within a few hours of use .
Very pleased with this purchase . ”
Joseph .
3. De’Longhi DEX14 – Best Dehumidifier For Mold 2020
Another option to dehumidify the home that you can consider is the De’Longhi DEX14 dehumidifier .
This dehumidifying device has a removable and transparent 2.1 - liter tank .
In addition to this , it has the capacity to dehumidify about 14 liters in 24 hours per environment .
As if that were not enough , it comes with a washable anti-dust filter and will not stop in any extreme situation , including frost .
It comes with an anti-ice function and its noise emission is minimal , just about 39 dB , so it will not disturb when you are draining or with the fan on to dry clothes .
Conclusion
A good alternative for your home is the De’Longhi DEX14 , a fantastic dehumidifier that you can use to dehumidify even in extreme environments or environments thanks to its anti-ice function .
As snapchat apk if that were not enough , it comes with a removable and transparent tank of 2.1 liters capacity .
It has a minimum emission of 39 dB and with its dust filter , allergies will be a thing of the past .
The opinion of other buyers “ This product is one of the best dehumidifiers I ’ve been able to have .
It ’s great how you can adjust it to the desired humidity and dry all your clothes without a problem .
It ’s a bit noisy when you draw water , but it ’s totally worth it . ”
Ramiro
4. Pro Breeze Dehumidifier
Now , to finish this list , we present the Pro Breeze dehumidifier , which can work dehumidifying more than 20 liters of air daily , in 24 hours .
With a large 5.5 - liter water tank , shutting down as soon as it is full or reaches maximum capacity , it includes a continuous drain hose and child safety .
With its LED display with a digital touch control panel , you can program it to choose between different modalities : normal , low power , high power , and clothes drying .
Problems with humidity ?
Do not worry , because its automatic sensor will detect the levels present in the room , making adjustments with a built - in timer .
Conclusion
Remove large amounts of moisture from 20 liters of air at home with the Pro Breeze household dehumidifier .
Ideal for mold or with many homes that have homes , it has a large capacity water tank , about 5.5 liters with a continuous drain hose .
It has a control panel with LED display , which can be programmed any of its 4 modes , including the timer .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The unemployment rate is now above 6 % for the first time since 2003 and more than 600,000 jobs have been lost so far this year .
Clearly , declining house prices , the credit crunch , sky - high energy costs and the overall weakening economy is a big reason behind the deteriorating labor market .
But some also worry about the impact of increases in the minimum wage and whether they will limit job gains in the future .
Congress passed legislation last year that would raise the minimum wage in stages from $ 5.15 an hour to $ 7.25 in July 2009 .
( Several states already have minimum wages higher than that . )
" If labor becomes more expensive , employers will hire fewer workers , " notes a study from the National Center for Policy Analysis , a research firm based in Dallas .
And this appears to be playing out with teenage workers .
The unemployment rate for teens this August was 18.9 % , up from 16.2 % a year ago .
Admittedly , teens make up a small percentage of the overall work force - a little more than 4 % .
But some think higher wages limit any job rebound , especially in a struggling economy .
" If the economy was in good shape , higher minimum wages would n't hurt the job market .
But in a bad economy , it could serve as a brake to job growth , " said Doug Roberts , chief investment strategist ChannelCapitalResearch.com , an investment firm based in Shrewsbury , N.J .
Of course , there is also a lot of merit to the argument that the minimum wage increase was long overdue - last year 's boost was the first in a decade .
And it makes sense that with more Americans able to earn more from their paycheck , that could lead to increased spending and more robust economic growth down the road .
After all , an estimated 13 million workers ( or 10 % of the overall labor force ) will receive a boost to their hourly wages once the minimum wage goes up again next year , according to the Economic Policy Institute , a think tank based in Washington .
And even with hourly wages rising about 3.6 % year - over - year in August , that 's not enough to counter current inflation trends .
So what should happen next for the minimum wage ?
It 's an important question that is already part of the presidential race .
Democratic nominee Barack Obama is proposing that the minimum wage increase again , to $ 9.50 an hour , by 2011 and that further increases should be pegged to inflation .
Republican contender John McCain , however , is opposed to further minimum wage hikes .
Instead , he 's arguing that corporate tax cuts and better training programs for job seekers will be the key to higher wages .
There do seem to be clear positives and negatives to a higher minimum wage .
So is a higher minimum wage a driver of the current spike in unemployment , which stood at just 4.7 % a year ago , or merely a coincidental factor ?
It 's hard to imagine that the unemployment rate would be significantly lower than it was now if the minimum wage had n't changed since there are so many other big - picture reasons behind increased job losses .
Plus , one economist points out that many people that are losing jobs this year are more skilled workers in the hardest hit sectors of the economy , not people vying for entry - level positions .
" A lot of the job losses have been mainly in construction and manufacturing and the average wage levels in those industries are not anywhere near the minimum wage .
Airlines is another industry with big job losses and higher paying jobs , " said Keith Hembre , chief economist with First American Funds in Minneapolis .
Then again , if the minimum wage is increased to $ 9.50 an hour three years from now if Obama is elected and fulfills that campaign promise , then it 's certainly fair to wonder if small businesses are able to withstand what would turn out to be a nearly 85 % increase in the minimum wage in a span of just five years .
What do you think ?
Please comment about this topic on our Talkback page .
And if I wind up getting a healthy response to this question , I hope to revisit this debate in a future column with the best of my reader 's comments .
by Vito Rispo
High fructose corn syrup ( HFCS ) has a bad rap these days .
For a while now , there has been a very vocal group saying HFCS is the root of all the obesity and diabetes in the United States .
And the Corn Refiners Association has finally decided to fight back .
Most medical research says it ’s the calories , rather than the type of sweetener , that makes a difference to a person ’s health .
And sugar and high - fructose corn syrup have identical calorie counts .
It ’s just the fact that we eat and drink so damn much of it .
The average American consumes almost 70 pounds of High Fructose Corn syrup every year .
That ’s a lot of Fructose .
That lack of a consensus is exactly what the Corn Refiners Association is banking on .
They ’re investing in a whole ad campaign designed to build a more natural image for their sweetener .
They have two websites , SweetSurprise.com and HFCSfacts.com , and a few commercials .
I ’m still unconvinced by their commercials .
They ’re not informative and seem to play on the ambiguous nature of the issue .
Still , this is their first try , you can bet there will be more and they ’ll keep getting better .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Even before the latest squeeze in the credit markets , the U.S. economy had slipped into what could be a relatively lengthy recession , economists say .
The latest data , covering activity in August and September , make it all but certain that the academic economists will eventually declare that the economy is in a recession .
The big economic forecasting firms are in the process of updating their forecasts following the release of key data on consumer spending .
While the final numbers are n't available yet , forecasters say it does n't look good .
The economy seems to be on the " edge of the abyss , " said Joel Prakken , chairman of Macroeconomic Advisers , which will update its forecast on Friday .
" Anyone who 's wondering if there 's a recession should stop wondering , " said Nigel Gault , U.S. economist for Global Insight , which will release its updated forecast on Monday .
" The recent data were deteriorating sharply " even before factoring in the latest impact of the credit squeeze .
Global Insight does n't think the recovery will be quick or powerful .
The economy will likely contract for three quarters and then show weak growth in the second quarter next year .
If the recession lasts from December 2007 until April 2009 , as Gault suspects it will , it would be the longest since the Great Depression .
And the recovery , when it comes , wo n't feel anything like a boom .
" It 's difficult to see a real rapid recovery , certainly at the beginning , " Gault said .
Typically , the economy recovers when the Federal Reserve lowers interest rates to stimulate credit - sensitive consumer purchases of housing and autos .
See earlier story on why the recession will be protracted .
But with credit markets jammed and consumers already reeling from too much debt , lower rates wo n't have the usual impact on the economy .
" The Fed wo n't have any ammo left , " Gault said .
Fed policymakers may not try to stimulate the economy too much anyway , figuring that the current crisis stems from exactly that medicine :
The Fed kept rates too low for too long after the 2001 recession in a bid to drag the economy out of the jobless recovery .
Contrary to the conventional wisdom , a recession is not defined as two consecutive quarters of declining gross domestic product .
So far , we 've had just one quarter of negative growth ( the fourth quarter of 2007 ) , although revisions next summer could certainly drop one or two quarters this year below zero .
Rather , the economists at the National Bureau of Economic Research , who are the arbiters of recession dating , say that " a recession is a significant decline in economic activity spread across the economy , lasting more than a few months , normally visible in real GDP , real income , employment , industrial production , and wholesale - retail sales . "
Four of those indicators have been declining significantly since the first of the year .
Employment has fallen at a 0.7 % annual pace , incomes are down 1 % ( even with the rebate ) , output is down 2.8 % , and sales are down 1.3 % .
Only GDP has bucked the trend , rising at a 1.8 % annual rate .
How can that be ?
Can the economy really contract while GDP is growing ?
The answer is yes , under certain circumstances like now , when exports are booming while domestic consumption and investment are weak .
GDP is the total value of goods and services produced in the United States , including domestic consumption and investment as well as goods and services sold overseas and unsold goods put into inventories .
We get the income from making exports and inventories , but we do n't get the utility from using those goods and services .
See related column .
Gault of Global Insight notes that gross domestic income , which should by definition equal GDP , has not been nearly as strong as the economy measured from the output side .
GDI is up just 0.2 % from a year ago compared with 2.1 % for GDP .
Gault suspects that GDP will ultimately be revised lower to match the weaker income figures .
In the past year , our economy has come to look like a banana republic's :
All the output goes to exports , and not to domestic consumption and investment .
In the past year , most of the GDP growth has come from increased exports and a reduced appetite by Americans for foreign - made goods .
Consumer spending , which typically accounts for 70 % of the economy , has contributed only about 40 % of the growth over the past year .
And consumer spending seems almost certain to decline in the third quarter , which ended Tuesday .
We wo n't see September consumption data for another month , but the trend through August was horrible .
With auto sales dropping to a 16 - year low and chain - store sales weak , September may have been even worse .
And that was before the credit markets really seized up .
We have n't seen even one quarter of declining consumer spending since 1991 , but it could fall as much as 2.3 % annualized in the third quarter , said economists for Morgan Stanley .
That could be enough downdraft to offset any upside from exports .
Housing will continue to be a drag , and business investment seems to be weakening as well .
The unemployment could reach 7 % before it 's all over , said Prakken .
The major risk now is that the downturn could worsen if the credit squeeze is not fixed .
" The further tightening of credit conditions and declines in equity markets will weigh heavily on the outlook for growth in the coming quarters , " said Prakken of Macroeconomic Advisers .
" It could be much worse in the short - term , " said Gault , adding that the deeper the contraction is now , the sooner the healing process could begin .
SPIELE TOP 10 Sortierung : Neueste zuerst Älteste zuerst Beste Bewertung Meist gespielt Meist kommentiert Alphabetisch ( A - Z ) Alphabetisch ( Z - A )
Kostenlose Browserspiele auf Play.de Spielen muss Spaß machen und sollte tunlichst nichts kosten .
Je weniger Aufwand du betreiben musst , desto besser .
Auf Play .de präsentieren wir dir jede Menge Browsergames , die du ohne Download oder sonstige Verpflichtungen ausprobieren darfst .
Die Gratisspiele eignen sich sowohl für Erwachsene als auch für Kinder .
Damit du nicht erst lange suchen musst , gibt es bei uns eine Übersicht mit diversen Kategorien – von Jump and Run bis zu Strategiespielen ist alles vertreten , was Rang und Namen hat .
Der Vorteil an unseren Browsergames ist , dass du keine hohen technischen Voraussetzungen mitbringen musst .
Ein simpler PC mit gängigem Browser genügt , um die ganze Welt der Gratisspiele zu erkunden – egal , ob du 8 oder 80 , Mann oder Frau , Mädchen oder Junge bist !
Regelmäßig stellen wir dir neue Browserspiele vor , die Abwechslung und Spannung in deine vier Wände bringen .
Spielen kannst du in der Regel allein , es gibt aber natürlich auch Multiplayer Lösungen .
Zusammen mit Freunden macht das Ganze schließlich noch mehr Spaß .
Goodbye American Dollar - here comes the Amero .
More great inside information .
Debut of the amero
http://www.canadafreepress.com/2006/cover121406.htm
In the US , experts are now predicting that the collapse of the dollar is imminent .
" People in the U.S. are going to be hit hard , " says Bob Chapman publisher of The International Forecaster newsletter .
" In the severe recession we are entering now , Bush will argue that we have to form a North American Union to compete with the Euro . "
" Creating the amero , " Chapman explained , " will be presented to the American public as the administration 's solution for dollar recovery .
In the process of creating the amero , the administration just abandons the dollar . "
Armed with the Internet release of about 1,000 documents , obtained in a Freedom of Information Act request to the Security ad Prosperity Partnership of North America , the coalition has the potential to embarrass the governments of all three countries .
According to Corsi , " the documents show the White House is engaging in collaborative relations with Mexico and Canada - - outside the U.S. Constitution .
" Two analysts who have reconstructed money supply data after the Fed stopped publishing it argue a coming dollar collapse will set the stage for creating the amero as a North American currency to replace the dollar , " The euro followed the same blueprint of stealth and surprise .
It was already issued as replacement currency before the masses could coalesce to fight it .
http://ezinearticles.com/index.php?What-Will-The-Amero-Currency-Exchange-Rate-Be?&id=961104
If the US dollar continues to collapse as liquidity is pumped into the markets , Americans will welcome a new Amero .
As radical as it seems now if the public is drowning they will gladly grasp at any life line that is thrown their way .
The Amero will be sold as the solution to economic woes and a way to get out from underneath a devalued dollar .
http://www.ameroblog.blogspot.com/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6HjTiOu2U0&eurl=http://www.ameroblog.blogspot.com/
Who ever would have dreamed that the euro of a secular bureaucracy one day would be accepted for use at the Vatican ?
Pope John Paul II , who repeatedly condemned the " moral drift " of secular Brussels , sanctioned an official Euro for the Vatican .
In appearance , the Vatican coin looks very much like other Euro coins .
But on the flip side of the coin , the image of Pope John Paul II faces left .
" By permitting his image on this new coin , John Paul II has given another symbolic and powerful stimulus to the European Union , which with the issuance of the Euro , is taking an important step towards the Universal Republic , " said Atila Sinke Guimarnes in Daily Catholic .
http://www.freedomclubusa.com/amero
In 1999 , economist and former Canadian Member of Parliament Herbert G. Grubel published his paper , " The Case for the Amero : The Economics and Politics of a North American Monetary Union . "
It is interesting that he gives 2010 as the possible timetable for the introduction of the amero .
This happens to coincide with the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) task force 's report , " Building a North American Community , " which also states the target year of 2010 for the implementation of their recommendations in matters of economics , politics and security .
This report is considered by many to be the blueprint for the SPP , which was signed in March of 2005 .
It is through the SPP process that a North American Union is being created .
The proposed amero would be a single North American fiat currency .
This would give the global elite control of North America through the power of currency creation and would further facilitate in the consolidation of wealth and power in the region .
The CFR supports a switch to regional and global currencies , and an end to national currencies .
They have had their tentacles in almost every administration , with the goal of destroying U.S. sovereignty .
Benn Steil , the CFR's Director of International Economics said , " countries should abandon monetary nationalism .
Governments should replace national currencies . "
The CFR wishes to divide the economies of the world into three different regions , each with its own currency .
Ending monetary nationalism will result in the loss of economic sovereignty .
In an article entitled " The Death of Three Nations , " Alan Burkhart states , " Our currency will be replaced with the Amero .
And we 'll be one giant step closer to the UN 's perverse dream of a one - world government . "
A North American Union and the amero are only one small part of the New World Order 's agenda to enslave humanity .
Open source software maker Untangle has officially joined the Linux Foundation , a consortium that aims to promote adoption of the Linux operating system and collaboration between major Linux contributors .
The Linux Foundation launched in 2007 when the Free Standards Group merged with the Open Source Development Labs .
The organization employs Linus Torvalds , maintains the Linux Standard Base specification , and hosts Linux events .
The Linux Foundation is funded by its members .
Untangle has joined as a silver - ranking member , which means that its annual contribution is somewhere between $ 5,000 and $ 20,000 .
The specific amount of Untangle 's annual contribution has not been disclosed .
Other prominent silver members include Red Hat , Dell , Sun , DreamWorks , and Adobe .
Untangle 's open source network gateway software is distributed under the General Public License and includes components for antivirus , spam blocking , intrusion prevention , and other security - related applications .
The company 's business model is built around support and sale of commercial add - ons .
I met some of the folks from Untangle when I was at LinuxWorld earlier this year , where they conducted an installfest .
They refurbished and installed Ubuntu on donated computers which were then given to schools .
The rate at which the Linux Foundation is gathering new corporate members is a pretty good indication that the organization still has relevance in the open source ecosystem .
Other companies that have joined in the past few months include Canonical , CME , and Black Duck .
Further reading
Sarah Palin May Have To Pay Income Tax On All Those Fancy Clothes
In his small boutique in Mexico City , jackets and shirts are not stacked by size but by how well they will stop a bullet .
Caballero uses a secret material , the most expensive version of which , called Black , is so light that it can be scrunched up like paper .
The awe of staring into the never - ending black sky is what brings thousands to the hilltops every year ; myself included .
I have always been interested in astronomy and the vastness of space .
Even as a thirteen year old I was wishing upon stars , plotting constellations , and dreaming of venturing to a world beyond ...
Knowing how much I loved the sky , my mother set up a trip to the Sierra Nevada 's to catch a glimpse of the miraculous night sky .
The view was beautiful , just dazzling with stars brighter than I had ever seen .
Looking up into a world of pearls nestled in a black canvas , shimmering wildly , and in contrasting colors ... but I was n't going to settle for just looking at the dots in the sky ; I wanted to see the planets up close .
To define their unique characteristics and so on , so the few dozen astronomers who had hosted this event set up their telescopes , directly pointing them at various stars and galaxies .
I will never forget the feeling it gave me ... an irresistible sense of insignificance when I peered into space , almost a euphoria .
Realizing that I was smaller than a speck of dust in the whole scheme of things baffled me , and it changed my perspective toward many things as a result ...
It was an exhilarating experience and it included the outstanding pleasure of seeing other worlds as well as S'mores by the campfire when the event was through .
Needless to say , when I returned home the following night , I immediately ran outdoors to capture the remarkable sights yet again .
Only something had drastically changed ; the millions of stars I had seen the night before were reduced to a handful - if that .
( Photo Credit : Jan Curtis , State Climatologist of Wyoming )
Why could n't I see more stars at home ?
The nice term is ' sky glow ' but it 's really just light pollution .
Bright outdoor lighting is a growing issue for astronomical observers because it significantly reduces the contrast of stars .
Imagine staring at a bright light for a few minutes , then going outside and trying to observe millions of tiny stars .
Probably wo n't work out too well ...
The Windows to the Universe project at University Corporation for Atmospheric Research ( UCAR ) in Boulder , Colorado is hoping to spread awareness of this issue by organizing The Great World Wide Star Count , which takes place after dark from October 20th to November 3rd .
" The star count brings families together to enjoy the night sky and become involved in science , " says UCAR 's Dennis Ward .
" It also raises awareness about the impact of artificial lighting on our ability to see the stars . "
This second annual event is open to anyone wanting to participate , and its goal is to help scientists map global light pollution like never before .
Observers will be asked to track a constellation specific to their hemisphere , and record their observations .
" By searching for the same constellation in their respective hemispheres , participants in the Great World Wide Star Count will be able to compare their observations with what others see , " says Cliff Jacobs , program director in NSF 's Division of Atmospheric Sciences .
This " give [s ] them a sense of how star visibility varies from place to place . "
Nearly 7,000 participated in the 2007 star count and they are expecting that number to double this time around .
The star count next year will be part of a " cornerstone project " initiated by the International Astronomical Union and the U.N. Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) .
The 2009 International Year of Astronomy is a global effort to promote interest in astronomy .
" Without even being aware of it , many of us have lost the ability to see many stars at night .
Part of our goal is getting people to look up and regain appreciation of the night sky . "
***
Details for participation can be found on the Great World Wide Star Count Website , and you are welcome to post your observations as comments here ...
Happy Stargazing everybody !!!
Wua.la opens to the public : Private , encrypted P2P file sharing without client download or account registration
The Swiss - based file sharing platform Wua.la is finally launching its public beta today after almost a year of closed alpha-testing .
Part of the launch will be a completely revamped application that is now based on a Java applet , making it possible to use the service without installing any software .
I had the chance to play with the new offering in the last couple of days as well as talk to Dominik Grolimund , CEO of Wua.la maker Caleido .
Wua.la got quite a bit of attention when it started its private beta test phase late last year because it has been combining private file sharing with a novel approach of distributed data storage .
Files shared via Wua.la are automatically uploaded to the P2P cloud , making it possible to share files with friends even when you 're not online .
File fragments are redundantly stored both on users ' computers as well as on Wua.la 's servers .
You can read more about the actually pretty clever way Wua.la stores files in my original review .
The applet itself was running pretty smooth when I tested it .
I initially had a little bit of trouble , but that went away once I deleted the old Wua.la alpha version - something to consider if you 've been an alpha tester .
Grolimund told me that the alpha test has been really successful for the company .
They were able to get 40,000 registered users just through invite codes , and those users shared a total of 50 Terabyte of data .
The alpha test apparently also helped to refocus Wua.la .
The company was initially thinking about approaching indie musicians and other content owners and market Wua.la as a P2P publishing tool , but is now focusing more on social networks .
Users of Facebook and Myspace can already link to their Wua.la folders , leading their friends to personalized web pages like this one , where new users can start the Java applet without installing any software on their local machines .
Public files can also be downloaded without registering for an account first .
Next up on the horizon are widgets , apps and other forms of integration into social networking platforms , and an API is also in the works .
I really believe that this potential of integrating Wua.la with sites like Facebook is the most promising part of the beta launch .
I 've been writing about this ever since Wua.la launched its private alpha last October : Secure , P2P - based cloud storage could be the best thing that ever happened to users of Myspace and Facebook .
Just consider for a second all the security holes that have led to the exposure of supposedly private files from social networking websites .
Valleywag has been covering this extensively , publishing photos from both Paris Hilton 's and Lindsay Lohan 's Myspace account in June .
Those photos were supposed to be private and only accessible to direct friends of Hilton and Lohan , but Valleywag was able to access them with a simple trick .
A service like Wua.la on the other hand makes sure that no one except your friends will access your files by using cryptography , with your private key securely being stored on your hard drive where no one else can access it .
Grolimund told me that the company does n't even know who accesses which file as long as the files are not shared as public .
Of course , monetizing online and personal file sharing solutions is n't easy .
Allpeers , Tubesnow , Mediamax and a bunch of others all tried it without success , and even an online giant like AOL does n't think this is a business worth pursuing .
Grolimund however believes that Wua.la will profit from its viral nature and the fact that it offers more security than purely web - based solutions .
Wua.la has been experimenting with context - relevant advertising , but its also starting to offer premium services with the launch of the beta test , starting with the ability to buy additional storage .
Viral growth , ads and paid services - that sounds like a good combination for success .
Combine that with the fact that Wua.la seems to be flexible enough to reinvent itself - and you got a company worth watching .
We Report ; You Decide
TPM has a post about Fox ’s recent documentary about Obama .
I was dimly aware of it , but I did n’t know that when Andy Martin appeared on Fox , he claimed that Obama “ had once trained to overthrow the [ US ] government . ”
I went and looked up the transcript on Lexis / Nexis , and post the relevant parts below .
But first , a bit of background on Andy Martin :
“ A quick word about Andy Martin .
During a 1983 bankruptcy case he referred to a federal judge as a “ crooked , slimy Jew , who has a history of lying and thieving common to members of his race . ”
Martin , who in the past was known as Anthony Martin - Trigona , is one of the most notorious litigants in the history of the United States .
He ’s filed hundreds , possibly thousands , of lawsuits , often directed at judges who have ruled against him , or media outlets that cover him unfavorably .
A 1993 opinion by the US Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit , in Atlanta , described these lawsuits as “ a cruel and effective weapon against his enemies , ” and called Martin a “ notoriously vexatious and vindictive litigator who has long abused the American legal system . ”
He once even attempted to intervene in the divorce proceedings of a judge who ’d ruled against him , petitioning the state court to be appointed as the guardian of the judge ’s children . ”
That ’s Chris Hayes , from the Nation .
You can see some of the rulings in a few of Martin ’s court cases here ( check out footnotes 3 and 4 ) and here .
The last contains one of Martin ’s complaints , which I excerpt below the fold , so that you can see who we ’re dealing with .
Now for the transcript .
It ’s from Hannity ’s America , ‘ Obama And Friends : A History Of Radicalism ’ , aired on Oct. 5 . ( Video here . )
“ HANNITY : In 1985 , fresh from Columbia University Obama returned to Chicago to become just that , a community organizer , a job he says qualifies him in part to hold a nation ’s highest office .
What exactly is a community organizer ?
After all , he did n’t know what it was when he started as one .
ANDY MARTIN , AUTHOR AND JOURNALIST : I think a community organizer in Barack Obama ’s case was somebody that was in training for a radical overthrow of the government .
You have to really stretch to believe his story that he was living in New York City .
He was earning 50,000 to 60,000 a year .
And he left this to come to Chicago , to a city where he knew no one , to suddenly start , quote , “ organizing , ” unquote , people .
In my opinion , Barack Obama had already been influenced by his radical ideology and philosophy , probably had met William Ayers in New York and was coming here to lay the foundations for what he thought would be some sort of a political movement that he would be a part of .
My view is that the community organizing was actually kind of sham event that really Bill Ayers was testing him .
Because the way these radicals work , they do n’t give you a big project until you pass muster with a small project .
And so they sent him out to Chicago to see what he would do .
He passed the test .
OBAMA : And I decided to become a community organizer .
I organized black folks at the grassroots .
It was in these neighborhoods I received the best education that I ever had .
MARTIN : He had virtually no impact in his so - called community organizing career except to lay the foundation for his future radical associations .
It was then also I believe that he was exposed perhaps by Louis Farrakhan to Kahlid al - Mansour .
Because while he was a community organizer that Khalid al - Mansour starts raising money to promote Obama to Harvard Law School .
So obviously , in Ayers ’ mind and al - Mansour ’s mind , Obama had proven his reliability .
He was somebody that could be trusted to do what he was told .
And all of a sudden , they now are going to take him to the next level .
All that comes out of the years in Chicago .
Obama was n’t organizing a community .
He was organizing his career and organizing his life ’s step to the next level .
That ’s all he did in Chicago . ”
I see .
Obama “ probably ” met William Ayers in New York , and followed him to Chicago , where he could be groomed for higher things , and subjected to “ tests ” .
That makes perfect sense .
Also , someone with an Arab name starts “ raising money to promote Obama to Harvard Law School ” , apparently under the misapprehension that you can buy your way in .
It ’s all a very clever ploy , because somehow — via communications from the spirit plane ?
a Ouija board ? —
Ayers et at knew that Obama would end up running for high office , and winning .
Right .
Sometimes people describe Fox News as a sort of antidote to more liberal news stations .
That ’s not true .
When CNN airs a “ documentary ” that presents , unchallenged , claims that John McCain is running a child porn ring from one of his seven houses , we can talk about equivalence .
Until then , we have several news networks , but Fox is not among them .
As noted above , I put excerpts from some of Martin ’s filings below the fold .
I thought it might be a good idea to provide some context that would allow you to assess his credibility .
If crazed and ugly anti-Semitic ravings upset you , do not read them .
From one of Anthony Martin ’s complaints , included as Appendix A here :
“ 4 . This is a civil rights law suit against a group of Jews who have acted , combined and conspired to violate the laws of the United States and to ( a ) deprive plaintiff of due process of law and ( b ) to steal plaintiff ’s property through the manipulation of this court and other instrumentalities of the federal government , all in violation of the laws and Constitution of the United States .
5 . In 1980 , plaintiff was kidnapped on void legal process , and held incommunicado , and was not released from kidnapping until April , 1982 .
6 . While plaintiff was absent from his property , this property was seized by the defendant Jews .
7 . Substantially all of the “ bankruptcy judges ” who have had connection with plaintiff ’s property have been Jews .
8 . All of the trustees appointed by said judges have been Jews .
9 . All of the counsel for said trustees have been Jews .
10 .
The Jews speak and intrigue among themselves , but refuse to talk with plaintiff , except when they have him in chains Messiah - style .
11 . Defendant Lavien has flatly asserted it is permissible for him to meet in secret with Jewish lawyers to determine how to loot plaintiff ’s property .
12 . Substantially the entire bankruptcy court system in the entire United States is manipulated and controlled by Jewish judges and Jewish lawyers .
13 . Although Jews constitute about 3 % of the national population , they constitute almost 100 % of the bankruptcy court judges and lawyers .
14 .
In almost 100 % of the cases filed in Connecticut , Jewish bankruptcy judges appoint Jewish bankruptcy trustees who choose Jewish lawyers to represent them .
15 .
The court may take judicial notice of the fact –exemplified in this case –that Jews , historically and in daily living , acted through clans and in wolf pack syndrome to exclude all goyim from their circles .
16 .
Whatever they may say publically , in private Jews hate Christians , and have paranoid delusions about themselves and Christians .
Jews think of themselves as a master race , or “ chosen people , ” and hate Christians for worshiping a man whom Jews assassinated and regard as a poseur .
17 . Jews work through a national network .
For example , when defendant Coan wanted “ help ” in New York , he chose to call another Jew .
When the defendants have sought help , it is always from within the closed system of bankruptcy Jews or its appurtenances .
18 . Non-Jewish lawyers in Connecticut refer to the Jewish cabal , euphemistacally , as “ Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves , ” chosing a non-Jewish , but semitic , parallel .
19 .
The existence of the Jewish bankruptcy clan discourages Christian lawyers from participating in the bankruptcy court process and bringing Christian concepts , values and moral standards to the administration of bankruptcy justice .
20 .
No sociological evidence exists that Jews have superior intelligence or any other special characteristics , other than the herd instinct , which would make them a master race or natural leaders absent their ability to combine and operate in concert .
21 .
The plaintiff is an honest man , who has worked hard for his property and , in the style of a Palestinian , is beset by a horde of bankruptcy Jews who are trying to steal his property , and destroy what they cannot steal .
22 .
The actions of the defendant Bankruptcy Jews affect interstate commerce , both generally and specifically in plaintiff ’s case , where FCC radio licenses , operating in interstate commerce , have been seized by the defendants or their agents .
23 .
The conduct of the defendants amounts to a combination and conspiracy in violation of the Antitrust laws , 15 USCA Sec. 1 et seq .
WHEREFORE , Plaintiff sues and demands judgment for damages sustained by plaintiff in violation of the antitrust laws . ”
Later in the same complaint :
“ 28 .
Because the defendants are all Jewish , they do not think that the American laws apply to them .
Therefore , for example , defendants have schemed to deny plaintiff his constitutional right to counsel .
Defendants have refused to obey rules and regulations which require full monthly disclosure of all financial transactions in which they have engaged .
Defendants have only exchanged this secret information with other Jews , or tried to enter into manipulative “ settlements ” to steal plaintiff ’s property , all in violation of both the letter and spirit of the Justice Department regulation . ”
From an affadavit submitted by Martin , at the same link :
“ 2 . It is obvious that since September , 1980 , my property has been subjected to a massive , continuing Holocaust by Jew judges and Jew lawyers .
One cannot ram a never - ending stream of Jews down a man ’s throat for years , and expect a person to take it .
Just as the Jews claim they have a right to “ fight ” to avoid a Holocaust , so too a Christian has a right to “ fight ” ( in this case through invocation of the judicial power ) to protect himself from a Jewish inspired and Jewish engineered Holocaust which has sought to steal my property and to have me killed by agents of Jewish thieve squads .
3 . The Jews have been running roughshod over me for literally years , since 1980 , seeking to destroy and steal my property .
Although I was not a Jew hater when these cases began , any love for the Jews I may have had has been dissipated by barbaric tortures inflicted on me by the Jews .
I can see now that anti-semitism has a real root in the ageless manipulation , chicanery and murder by the Jews .
4 . Jews killed the son of God , and seek to deny the fact , and seek to murder and loot and steal from anyone who opposes their efforts at world domination and efforts at overcoming the curse flowing from the assassination of the Son of Yahweh .
There is no question that , in biblical times , Jews were the “ chosen people , ” chosen by Yahweh to fulfill the coming of his son , the Messiah , and that Jews blew it , and killed the son of their God , and are suffering for it .
They continue to delude themselves that they are “ chosen people , ” even though that role ended 2,000 years ago in assassination , and they continue to sin , steal and blaspheme in the same way that brought about the destruction of the kingdom , and the First Holocaust .
As part of their greedy , unsavory efforts , Jews have been conducting a war against me and my property for over two , and nearly three years .
5 . In the war against me generated by Jew greed , Jew judges have played a leading role .
They act supine in favor of Jew lawyers , enter fictitious findings of fact , seize my property and purport to permit its liquidation , jail me illegally , and seek to harass me and prevent me from exercising my constitutional right of access to the courts .
6 . Like the man in the movie Network , I have had it “ up to here ” with lying , cheating , thieving Jews who are harassing me .
I intend , and have begun , a counterattack within the law , by seeking to change the law , and seeking to have a constitutional amendment adopted which would restrict the rights of Jews to act as they do .
I am a man of peace , not violence , and would never take a step of personal violence against anyone , even a Jew .
But I believe the state , under the law , has the right to engage in state - sanctioned violence where appropriate to protect the state from lawless conduct .
This is why I propose a constitutional amendment to seize the property of the Jews , under due process and democracy , and to distribute obscene Jew wealth to feed the hungry , house the homeless and clothe the needy . *
I do not seek money for myself .
I did not initiate this war , but I will complete it .
I do not seek to steal the property of the Jews , as they seek to steal mine .
They began the matter by seeking to loot my life ’s work and hard earned money , and will be called to answer under the law , as amended .
Of course , history teaches that laws can be changed , and what is law today is not necessary law tomorrow .
Given one more cyclical , Jewish - inspired recession , or depression , late in this decade , the climate will be more favorable for my proposed amendment to pass .
Already there are stirrings in the government that the American people , and government , are fed up with Jew harassment , repeated daily on a national scale , of the same kind I have experienced since 1980 .
7 . I do not believe I can receive Justice from a pack of Jew thives , judges and lawyers .
I have a right under my constitution ( i.e. that of the United States ) to a “ neutral and detached ” judge .
“ Judge ” Krechevsky is not neutral or detached .
He is part of a Jew conspiracy to steal my property .
And I do n’t like it .
The Jews have spat upon me , lied against me , defrauded the courts of my country , and denounced me falsely .
These are known Jew tactics to loot and steal , are used by Jews worldwide , and most often result in the murder and expulsion of Jews when governments change hands ( i.e. Iran ) .
I repeat that despite the violations of my rights , I believe the rights of Jews should only be abridged peacefully , by constitutional amendment , thereby legitimizing , peacefully , the relief I seek in the long run for the hatred and abuse I have suffered since 1980 from the bankruptcy court system . ”
***
This is the person
Fox used as one of the main sources for its “ documentary ” , without challenge or rebuttal .
Does he sound even remotely trustworthy to you ?
We report ; you decide .
GMAC will go bankrupt .
The U.S lending giant is cut off from all lending sources .
Smart depositors will flee its small bank ( relative to GMAC itself ) .
And its majority owner , Cerberus , wo n’t save it .
It ’s a pure liquidation play now– with the bank going into FDIC receivership , maybe as soon as this Friday .
Whether or not all Hell will break loose is an open question , with many answers …
Let ’s start with this : GM ’s dealers have been hoodwinked by GM execs .
The corporate mothership failed to provide their franchisees with fair warning that GMAC was going to pull the plug on all retail lending – never mind removing itself from the leasing business .
Yes , GMAC says it will fund prime customers– with a 700 + FICO .
And rates now 75 basis points higher ( unless subsidized by GM ) .
Uh , wait a second – GMAC ’s regular lending rates were already non-competitive .
Now they ’re just stratospheric .
And again .
that ’s for good customers .
Non-prime customers – those who buy Aveos , Cobalts , HHRs , G5 , G6 , entry - level Malibus , Saturns and , well , mostly everything else GM offers other than Cadillacs , Saabs , and high end big SUVs and Hummers– are now mostly shut out of financing altogether , from any source .
If you wonder why car sales are tanking , look no further than the lack of credit availability for this group of buyers .
So GMAC ’s out of the market .
We know that .
GM has even announced an incentive program to spiff dealers who get customers financed with anyone else besides GMAC .
Meanwhile , GM still owns 49 percent of a soon - to - be bankrupt GMAC .
The only saving grace here : GM ’s managers wo n’t have to blame themselves .
If you did n’t know that unloading GMAC was a desperate play for cash / time , and most people do n’t , they look smart for unloading half of GMAC to the wizards of Wall Street .
Here ’s the crux of the matter .
GMAC– formerly known as GM ’s captive finance arm– used to gush cash .
GM founded the subsidiary in 1919 as a means to finance both dealers and customers , so GM would n’t have to rely on finicky banks at the time .
GMAC became a model copied by every other automaker of size .
The early business model was simple : aggregation of loans written at rates higher than the cost of funding .
A basic interest rate spread business .
When you start writing billions of dollars of loans , the interest rate spread produces big dollars .
Later , captives found an even cheaper source of funds through securitization of receivables ( i.e. bypass the banks and go direct to institutional securities buyers ) .
And if that works for auto loans , it also works for mortgages .
Soon enough , GMAC became a huge entity that provided a steady stream of profits and dividends for its owner .
There ’s one problem with the model .
When the music stops , the gig is over .
If GMAC ca n’t borrow from lenders or sell its securities , it ca n’t make new loans .
In a nutshell , that ’s where it ’s at today .
No one in a sane mindset– given the current credit crisis - – would loan money to this finance company .
Bottom line : GMAC now has $ 173 b of debt against $ 140 b of income producing assets ( loans and leases ) , and some of those assets are n’t worth the paper they ’re written on .
If GMAC liquidated the loans and leases , it could n’t pay back all of its debt .
If you add GMAC Bank ’s $ 17 b in deposits ( a liability ) , the situation only gets worse .
No point looking at the rating agencies to tell you there ’s a problem here .
Good thing the FDIC required higher capital ratios for GMAC Bank ; it might survive on its own with its higher quality assets .
But everyone else is on their own .
By its own admission in an internal memo to employees this week , GMAC says that it has no access to funding .
That means more layoffs .
No Christmas bonuses .
And probably telegraphing the message that the company could go under .
Only the government can rescue GMAC now , adding to that to the pile of bigger rescues going on elsewhere .
And any rescue ca n’t be seen benefiting private equity .
So Cerberus will get wiped out .
GM will have to write down its investment in GMAC , thus taking another enormous hit to its shaky balance sheet .
And there will be further downgrades to its credit rating .
GMAC ’s collapse may not be the final death blow for GM , but it ’s sure gonna leave a mark .
GMAC says they ’ll still support wholesale floorplan .
But one has to wonder for how long that will last ?
Given that 80 percent of GM ’s dealers use GMAC for floorplan , what happens when that song stops playing ?
How many dealers will go under ?
Worse , what will happen to GM itself if even a fraction of its dealers cannot replace GMAC with suitable alternatives ?
To be continued …
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Under a mortgage rescue plan announced at the debate Tuesday night by Senator John McCain , much of the burden of paying to keep troubled borrowers in their homes will shift to taxpayers .
McCain 's original plan called for lenders to write down the value of these mortgages and take those losses .
But the Republican presidential candidate unveiled a new $ 300 billion plan in response to the first question of the debate .
He said , " I would order the Secretary of Treasury to immediately buy up the bad home loan mortgages in America and renegotiate at the new value of those homes , at the diminished values of those homes , and let people make those - be able to make those payments and stay in their homes . "
The government would convert failing mortgages into low - interest , FHA - insured loans .
" Millions of borrowers " would be eligible for the program , dubbed the American Homeownership Resurgence Plan , according to McCain economic advisor Doug Holtz - Eakin .
To qualify , homeowners would have to be delinquent in their payments already , or be likely to fall behind in the near future .
They would have to live in the home in question - no investment properties would be eligible - and have had demonstrated their credit - worthiness when they purchased the property by making a substantial down payment and by providing documentation of their income and assets - no liar loans .
Holtz - Eakin said on a conference call Wednesday that the McCain plan could be put into place quickly because the groundwork and the authority for it has already been provided by last week 's $ 700 billion bailout bill , the Hope for Homeowners program authorized by the housing rescue bill passed in July and the government takeover of mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
A change of heart
This proposal is strikingly different from both McCain 's original idea , and from the housing rescue bill adopted by Congress in July .
Congress struggled for months to pass the Hope for Homeowners rescue plan for mortgage borrowers - a bill that neither McCain nor Democratic candidate Senator Barack Obama voted on .
To make it palatable to both conservative Republicans and ordinary taxpayers , Hope for Homeowners requires that lenders write down mortgage balances to 90 % of a home 's current market value to qualify for a FHA - insured refinancing .
The lenders would then take the loss on the difference between the current value and the mortgage balance .
" [ McCain 's ] original plan relied on lenders taking the hit , " said Holtz - Eakin .
" This bypasses that step . "
Instead , taxpayers pay for it , with the funding already provided by the $ 700 billion bailout bill .
That could prove to be very unpopular with homeowners who are n't in trouble , as well as ordinary Americans who objected to the Hope for Homeowners plan as a bailout for delinquent borrowers and irresponsible lenders .
The Obama campaign issued its response to the plan Wednesday afternoon .
" Last night . . . [ Senator McCain ] threw out a proposal that appeared to give the Treasury authority it already has to re-structure troubled mortgages .
But now that he 's finally released the details of his plan , it turns out it 's even more costly and out - of - touch than we ever imagined , " said the statement .
" John McCain wants the government to massively overpay for mortgages in a plan that would guarantee taxpayers lose money , and put them at risk of losing even more if home values do n't recover . "
The statement claimed the biggest beneficiaries would be the " same financial institutions that got us into this mess , some of whom even committed fraud . "
" Since this beginning of this crisis , Barack Obama has demanded that any rescue plan must protect taxpayers and ensure that they share in any profit once the economy recovers , and he worked to include that principle in the plan that passed Congress , " said Obama 's economic policy director Jason Furman .
Parsing the details
Some Washington analysts were perplexed by the McCain proposal .
" The proposal is hard to understand , " said Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington .
For one thing , Baker pointed out , it provides even less help for targeted borrowers than the Hope for Homeowners program does .
In that plan , lenders must lower mortgage balances down to 90 % of the home 's current value , while McCain 's plan will reduce loans to 100 % of a home 's current value .
And , of course , under McCain , the cost of the write - down is picked up by taxpayers rather than by the lenders .
That is a radical departure from McCain 's earlier responses to the housing crisis .
" We have a very different set of risks facing the nation now , including the crisis in financial markets , " said Holtz - Eakin , " and it calls for a much more aggressive response . "
The plan is supported by Lawrence Yun , chief economist for the National Association of Realtors , who says it could help stabilize housing markets .
" It 's certainly a positive for the foreclosure problem , " he said , " although it was already embedded in the Treasury 's bailout plan . "
Indeed , the bailout passed last week authorizes the Treasury to buy up as much as $ 700 billion in mortgage backed securities - but the bill also authorizes Treasury to buy mortgages directly .
Christopher Mayer , Paul Milstein Professor of Real Estate at Columbia Business School , is n't convinced that the McCain proposal makes sense .
" As the plan stands now , it helps the people who got into the most debt , and it helps the lenders , but it does n't really help the housing market , " he said .
To help the market as a whole , according to Mayer , a plan has to target all mortgage borrowers rather than just at - risk homeowners .
In an op - ed piece in the Oct. 2 Wall Street Journal , he and his Columbia colleague , R. Glenn Hubbard , he proposed that the government allow all residential mortgages to be refinanced into 30 - year , fixed rate loans at 5.25 % interest .
That would bring down payments for everyone , not just the borrowers most at risk , which would in turn help prop up house prices by lowering the monthly cost of homeownership .
Many more people would benefit .
" A rescue has to be broad enough to help a great many Americans , " he said , " not just the ones that took on the most debt . "
By Jason Sattler
Tesla Motors has lined up $ 40 million in convertible debt financing to accelerate production of its all - electric Roadster sports car , a move that boosts a cash balance that had dwindled to just $ 9 million .
The Silicon Valley startup says it received convertible debt commitments from most of its current major investors .
The infusion of cash will help Tesla weather rough economic times that have prompted it to announce layoffsand delay production of a forthcoming four - door sedan codenamed Model S. Beyond ramping up production of the Roadster , Tesla will use the cash to expand its electric - drivetrain supply business and continue developing the sedan , which is slated for production in 2011 .
" Forty million is significantly more than we need , " company CEO Elon Musk said in a statement released today .
" However , the board , investors and I felt it was important to have significant cash reserves . "
The infusion of cash comes not a moment too soon for a company that , like everyone else in the auto industry , is being hit hard by the economic meltdown .
When an expected $ 100 million in financing fell through last month , Tesla announced it would lay off an undisclosed number of employees , delay Model S and shutter its Detroit office .
The announcement proved that even the hottest startup in Silicon Valley is not immune to a recession , and former employees started muttering about Tesla 's imminent death .
Tesla has delivered no more than 50 Roadsters since production started in March despite having received more than 1,200 orders .
Some naysayers wonder if Tesla will make good on the deliveries .
Musk answered that question Friday when he announced a new round of funding and told
Reuters the company will fulfill every Roadster even if the money needed to do so must come from his pocket .
" I am personally standing behind delivering the cars and the deposits for the company , " Musk said .
He could do it , too — the South African native founded and sold two Internet companies — Zip2 and
PayPal .
With a reported fortune somewhere around $ 200 million , Musk could personally afford around 1,835 Roadsters at $ 109,000 a pop .
Still , these are tough times for the auto industry , and Tesla is no exception .
Musk has made it clear to Uncle Sam that he 'll be in line with the Big Three looking for guaranteed loans to stay afloat .
But you 've gotta wonder if Musk 's deep pockets , $ 49 million in cash and a federal loan will be enough .
Musk is betting on yes .
If things go his way , the 2009 Roadster could be the first in a long line of classic battery - powered luxury vehicles .
Or Tesla could end up just another victim of circumstance in the Silicon Valley dead pool .
Then the completed
Roadsters will just be collectibles , " man and his dream " relics of a car company whose vision and prices might 've been a little too green to survive a global economic meltdown .
Photo courtesy Tesla Motors
Walk away .
Just let the whole shitpile collapse .
It is not your fault .
And honestly , I doubt doing anything will matter , anyway .
The House Republicans came out , and their play is clear :
“ We will not use taxpayer money to bail out Wall Street .
We want to protect the taxpayers . ”
In other words , they do not give a shit .
Walk away .
Just walk away .
I should probably add one brief bit of appreciation for the House Republicans .
They took Paulson ’s ridiculous proposal , a three page “ plan ” that we give an unelected guy 700 billion dollars and then tell us to go to hell while he does whatever he wants , and came up with something worse for the taxpayers ( the insurance nonsense and capital gains garabage ) while branding it as protecting the taxpayers .
You have to appreciate that , at some level .
By Damian Kahya
BBC News , Salar de Uyuni , Bolivia
Bolivia 's lithium reserves could bring wealth to the country High in the Andes , in a remote corner of Bolivia , lies more than half the world 's reserves of a mineral that could radically reduce our reliance on dwindling fossil fuels .
Lithium carries a great promise .
It could help power the fuel efficient electric or petrol - electric hybrid vehicles of the future .
But , as is the case with fossil fuels , it is a limited resource .
Lithium carbonate is already in the batteries of laptop computers and mobile phones .
It is used because it allows more energy to be stored in a lighter , smaller space than most alternatives .
And as the auto industry rushes to produce new fuel efficient and electric cars , it too is turning to lithium batteries as its first choice to boost the power of their new models .
GM has one in its new hybrid Volt , Toyota is testing one in its next generation hybrid Prius .
Mercedes is testing an electric version of its Smart , while BMW is doing the same with its Mini .
And Nissan - Renault , Mitsubishi and VW are all rushing to buy or produce enough of the batteries to power their future models .
The best of the pure electric cars can reach ranges of more than 150 kilometres per charge .
More is needed
But there is a problem .
This is n't a magic solution
Luis Alberto Echazu , Bolivian minister for mining
Morales defends Bolivia changes Mitsubishi , which plans to release its own electric car soon , estimates that the demand for lithium will outstrip supply in less than 10 years unless new sources are found .
And they have ended up in Bolivia .
" The demand for lithium wo n't double but increase by five times , " according to Eichi Maeyama Mitsubishi 's general manager in La Paz .
" We will need more lithium sources - and 50 % of the world 's reserves of lithium exist in Bolivia , in the Salar de Uyuni , " he adds , pointing out that without new production , the price of lithium will rise prohibitively .
Valuable resource Lithium is found in rocks and sea water .
Locals fear the benefits will not be passed on But almost all the commercially exploitable reserves are found in the brine under salt flats .
The world 's largest reserves lie in Bolivia at the Salar de Uyuni - in the remote southern Andean plane .
But Bolivia is not a country known to be friendly to foreign industry .
Its socialist president , Evo Morales , is keen to expand state control over its natural resources , a task carried out by Bolivia 's minister for mining , Luis Alberto Echazu .
" We want to send a message to the industrialized countries and their companies , " Mr Echazu says .
" We will not repeat the historical experience since the fifteenth century : raw materials exported for the industrialisation of the west that has left us poor . "
Modest ambitions Gold , silver , tin , oil and gas have all been found and exported from here whilst the country remains the poorest in the region .
They probably do n't have a lot of experience of doing this sort of thing themselves so they 'll have to bring in expertise and technology
Charles Kernot , mining analyst , Evolution Securities For President Morales ' supporters , that is reason enough not to allow in foreign mining companies to extract the lithium .
Across the flats , freelance miners work to break up the surface salt selling it to passing trucks for just a few dollars .
Indigenous and poor , they are core supporters of the president .
A grizzled old miner , giving his name only as Alfredo , says he does not believe that lithium will ever be extracted .
" We do n't want to see foreign companies here , " he says .
" It would be very bad , as the government says . "
Alfredo's hopes for the future are modest .
" I just want to work until I die " he says , a smile across his face .
It is not an uncommon sentiment here .
Sharing the benefits
In spite of the grinding poverty here , attempts in the 1980's and 1990's by foreign companies to extract the lithium met with resistance from the community .
Bolivia is concerned about damage to the environment
They say the money would go elsewhere .
Francisco Quisbert is a local activist with President Morales ' party who took part in the resistance .
Now he is working with the president to hammer out a new plan for a state - owned pilot plant on the flats .
" We do n't want international involvement , " he says .
" This plan has raised the hopes of the region .
" Before our grandparents lived on the salt .
They arrived from the valleys in caravans of llamas , but the market forced them to leave .
" We want to return to live on the salar [ and ] improve our living conditions and to participate in the project . "
To begin with the pilot plant will produce no more than 1.2 kilotonnes a year .
If an industrial plant is then built it may increase to around 30 kilotonnes by 2012 , - thats just under a third of current production .
But most lithium now goes to small batteries for electronic goods .
Car batteries are far larger and Mitsubishi estimates the world will need 500 kilotonnes a year just to service a niche market .
For electric cars to become the norm , it could need far more .
Mitsubishi predicts that there will be a supply shortage by 2015 .
Pollution nevertheless Analysts suspect that Bolivia 's government can produce this much .
" Governments in South America have had a very successful history of mining , " explains Charles Kernot , a mining analyst at Evolution Securities .
But the question is how fast .
" They probably do n't have a lot of experience of doing this sort of thing themselves so they 'll have to bring in expertise and technology , " Mr Kernot adds .
" That whole process may take a lot longer than people are anticipating . "
Consequently , he continues , " the car manufacturers will have to strike a balance between how quickly they manufacture with the supply of metal because they do n't want to drive the price up to such an extent that the cars get priced out of the market " .
Long - term , Bolivia 's government is wary of the environmental damage mass extraction could cause .
The mining minister , Mr Eschazu , has a stark message for Western firms .
" The capitalist leaders have to change , " he says .
" If all the world had consumers like North America , everyone with a car , it would grind to a halt .
" It is also going to generate pollution , not just from fossil fuels but also from lithium plants , which produce sulphur dioxide .
This is n't a magic solution . "
It is not a view likely to go down well in the offices of Toyota and General Motors .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BOREPANGA , India —
The family of Solomon Digal was summoned by neighbors to what serves as a public square in front of the village tea shop .
They were ordered to get on their knees and bow before the portrait of a Hindu preacher .
They were told to turn over their Bibles , hymnals and the two brightly colored calendar images of Christ that hung on their wall .
Then , Mr. Digal , 45 , a Christian since childhood , was forced to watch his Hindu neighbors set the items on fire .
“ ‘ Embrace Hinduism , and your house will not be demolished , ’ ” Mr. Digal recalled being told on that Wednesday afternoon in September .
“ ‘ Otherwise , you will be killed , or you will be thrown out of the village . ’ ”
India , the world ’s most populous democracy and officially a secular nation , is today haunted by a stark assault on one of its fundamental freedoms .
Here in eastern Orissa State , riven by six weeks of religious clashes , Christian families like the Digals say they are being forced to abandon their faith in exchange for their safety .
Lock that rear wheel !
Chicago ’s Rapid Transit Cycles reports that they replace more rear wheels to theft than they replace front wheels .
Apparently , some cyclists believe the rear wheel is more difficult to remove than the front wheel , so they wrap a lock through the frame and front wheel but leave the rear wheel unlocked .
Reality , of course , is that the rear wheel is just as easy to remove as the front wheel .
It can actually be a little faster , in fact , because rear wheel dropouts do n’t typically have the “ lawyer lips ” to keep the wheel in place like front forks have .
Adding to the pain is that the rear wheel is the most expensive part of the bike after the frame .
In low crime areas , I typically wrap my Kryptonite Mini lock through the rear wheel inside the rear triangle , just like Sheldon Brown illustrates in his article on lock strategy .
Mary ’s Bianchi Pista shown below is also locked like this .
I also run a cable lock through the front wheel .
If I need more security , I remove the front wheel and lock it against the frame and rear wheel using a larger U lock .
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama told voters on Monday that " we are one week away from changing America . "
Delivering what his campaign billed as his " closing argument , " Obama told a crowd in Canton , Ohio , that " there 's so much at stake " in the week ahead .
" We can not let up for one day , one minute , or one second in this last week .
Not now , " he said .
The Democratic candidate , who has a sizeable lead in national polls , warned against acting as if the election is already over .
Watch : ' One week away ' , Obama says »
" Do n't think for a minute that power concedes .
We have a lot of work to do .
We have to work like our future depends on it in this last week , because it does depend on it this week , " he said .
Obama told voters it was up to them to " give this country the change we need , " as he tried to make the case that Sen.
John McCain is too similar to President Bush to bring about that change .
" Sen . McCain says that we can't spend the next four years waiting for our luck to change , but you understand that the biggest gamble we can take is to embrace the same old Bush - McCain policies that have failed us for the last eight years , " Obama said .
Watch Obama rail against the ' McCain way ' »
The McCain campaign blasted Obama 's remarks as " an argument for closing down opportunity . "
" It 's fitting that during Barack Obama 's ' closing argument , ' he was unable to support his rhetoric with a single accomplishment ... Barack Obama 's ' closing argument ' is the same old argument in favor of job - killing tax increases and massive new spending , " spokesman Tucker Bounds said .
McCain on Monday sought to assure voters that his administration would be far different from the Bush administration .
" This is the fundamental difference between Sen. Obama and me .
We both disagree with President Bush on economic policy .
The difference is he thinks taxes have been too low , and I think that spending has been too high , " McCain said at a rally in Dayton , Ohio .
iReport.com : What would you ask Sen. Obama ?
McCain tried to paint Obama as a candidate who " believes in redistributing wealth , not in policies that grow our economy and create jobs . "
Watch McCain call Obama the ' redistributor ' »
The Arizona senator pointed to a 2001 radio interview in which he said Obama said that one of the failures of the civil rights movement was that " the Supreme Court never entered into the issues of redistribution of wealth , and sort of more basic issues of political and economic justice in this society . "
McCain said that in the Obama campaign , change means " taking your money and giving it to someone else . "
Watch McCain talk about his economic plan »
The Obama campaign called McCain 's attack on the interview a " fake news controversy drummed up by the all too common alliance of Fox News , the Drudge Report and John McCain , who apparently decided to close out his campaign with the same false , desperate attacks that have failed for months . "
McCain on Monday also warned voters of what he sees as the dangers of a government controlled by Democrats .
Democrats in the Senate are hoping to win 60 seats -- enough to secure a filibuster - proof majority in the Senate .
" The answer to a slowing economy is not higher taxes , but that is exactly what is going to happen when the Democrats have total control in Washington .
Can you imagine an Obama , [ Nancy ] Pelosi , [ Harry ] Reid combination ?
We can't let that happen , " he said .
With just eight days left for each side to make its case , Obama and McCain were both focusing on battleground Ohio , where 20 electoral votes are at stake .
Obama and McCain both planned to campaign in Pennsylvania following their Ohio events .
Obama leads McCain by 4 points in Ohio , 50 percent to 46 percent , according to CNN 's average of polls there .
The Democrat also has the lead in Pennsylvania , up 51 - 41 percent , according to CNN 's poll of the polls there .
Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider break down the polling numbers »
Pennsylvania Gov.
Ed Rendell recently sent two separate memos to the Obama campaign requesting that the Democratic candidate as well as Hillary and Bill Clinton return to his state .
Obama 's last visit to the state was on October 11 .
Rendell said the McCain campaign was clearly making a push to win Pennsylvania , given the recent visits by the Arizona senator , his wife and his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
According to Rendell , there is also worry among Democrats that the McCain campaign has successfully raised the enthusiasm level among Republicans in the state .
Palin had a series of rallies scheduled Monday in Virginia , where Republicans now find themselves playing defense .
CNN 's poll of polls in Virginia shows Obama leading McCain , 51 - 44 percent .
The state has n't voted for a Democratic president in more than four decades .
Sen .
Joe Biden , the Democratic vice presidential nominee , had rallies planned in North Carolina and Florida , two states that President Bush won in the past two presidential elections .
Obama leads by 2 points in Florida , 48 - 46 percent , according to the most recent average of polls there .
In North Carolina , a recent CNN / Time / Opinion Research Corp. poll indicated Obama had a 4 - point lead over McCain , 51 percent to 47 percent
The poll was conducted October 19 through October 21 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
All About U.S. Presidential Election
Eric Holscher points out a Python gem I never knew about .
If you pass in the number 128 ( or , as I have a preference for flags in hex , 0x80 ) as the second arg to re.compile , it prints out the parse tree of the regex :
>>> import re >>> pattern = re.compile ( " a+b*\s\w ? " , 0x80 ) max_repeat 1 65535 literal 97 max_repeat 0 65535 literal 98 in category category_space max_repeat 0 1 in category category_word
While re.compile is documented as having the signature
compile ( pattern [ , flags ] )
the particular flag 0x80 is not documented as far as I can tell .
I thought I 'd dig in further .
Firstly , note that re appears to cache patterns as if you repeat the same re.compile , it returns the same object and does n't spit out the parse tree .
There is a re.purge function for purging this cache but while this is mentioned in help ( re ) it is not in the main documentation .
Secondly , note that the flag 0x80 is actually defined as DEBUG in the re module , so a more robust form would be :
re.compile ( pattern , re .
DEBUG )
A source code comment for DEBUG and another undocumented flag TEMPLATE ( which supposedly disables backtracking ) mentions :
# sre extensions ( experimental , do n't rely on these )
which explains why they are n't documented .
In the Python source code , there is also a Scanner class defined with the comment " experimental stuff ( see python - dev discussions for details ) "
A quick search of the python - dev mailing list found nothing .
Perhaps a python core development could fill us in .
Sarah Palin has “ fairy tale ” written all over her .
From her humble beginnings to her humble middlings , to her swift Cinderella rise to fame as Alaska ’s first female governor .
And now to the surreal celestial realm of national celebrity , riding around in her pumpkin coach with her glass stilleto - heeled slippers trying to be the second - most important person in the land !
I had almost convinced myself that this was the Palin metaphor , except for the one glaring problem .
Cinderella was nice .
Cinderella was humble , and sweet .
She loved the little creatures .
She sang like an angel .
Cinderella was not a diva , or a pitbull , or a hockey mom .
Not even close .
And she did n’t shoot the little creatures for fun .
The quest for the perfect Palin metaphor fell stagnant , until coffee the other day with a couple friends .
We were talking about how Barack Obama truly represents the American dream , but Palin is nothing but a fairy tale .
Quest for metaphor woke up again .
“ There has GOT to be a perfect metaphor for Sarah Palin , ” I kept thinking .
What are her features …
She ’s beautiful , she ’s seductive , she ’s not what she appears to be , she sucks people in , she has an agenda that people do n’t realize , she has no qualms about throwing people under the bus if it suits her , she ’s manipulative , she has a lust for power , she is the center of her world … … lights flashing , buzzers buzzing , whirring machine noises …….. DING !
A small index card is ejected from the metaphor machine .
“ Sarah Palin , Queen of Narnia ” .
Remember the White Witch ?
Well … everyone else called her the White Witch , but she called herself the Queen .
Now close your eyes , and imagine …
After struggling through the world of Alaska political corruption , we suddenly find ourselves out in the fresh air , standing by a lamp post , in a strange new place .
We see a sleigh silently moving across the snow .
Everything is glittering , and we can see our breath .
It ’s been snowing for a long , long time .
The sleigh is pulled by six pure white caribou , ( or polar bears … take your pick ) .
There is the silver tinkling of little bells as the sleigh approaches , and we see sitting there , wrapped in the furs , and clad in something fabulous from Nieman Marcus , is the White Witch .
Stunningly beautiful , icy cold , smiling .
She sizes us up .
She smiles , a radiant glossy , tattooed lip - liner smile .
She winks .
We feel warm and reassured .
She scoots over and pats the white furs on the seat , and we climb in .
We ’re special , she tells us .
She ’s here to serve us , to help us , to get ‘er done .
She knows what we want .
Even though she ’s wearing a $ 3000 polar bear fur jacket and $ 400 designer snow boots , under all that , she ’s really just like us .
Are we cold ? , she asks .
We are offered hot cocoa .
“ Thank you ” , we say , “ That cocoa is just like a breath of fresh air ! ” ” The last guy that asked us into a sleigh , kind of beat us around a little bit ” , we confide .
“ He told us we could trust him , but he was a bad bad man . ”
The White Witch bites her lip a little , in sympathy , smooths our hair , and tells us the bad man is gone forever … she saw to that .
He ’ll never come back .
She even sold his sleigh on Ebay so we would n’t have to think about him any more .
We smile , and start to feel a little sleepy .
You seem so cold , she purrs .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
“ How about some Turkish Delight ? ” we timidly suggest … hardly daring to hope .
Her eyes twinkle …
” I ’ve got something even better . ”
A beautiful tin box appears out of the snow .
She reaches down and gently takes up the box .
She sets it in our lap , with a look that tells us it ’s something special .
We coax the top off the box and peer inside … .
It ca n’t be !
It ’s a check for $ 1200 !
“ That will keep you warm this winter , wo n’t it ? ” she smiles .
“ Thank you ! ” we say .
“ My family of four will be so grateful ! ”
“ Family of four ?
Well , gosh , why did n’t you say so ? ”
Three more $ 1200 checks suddenly materialize in the box .
We are speechless .
We kiss her cold white manicured hand .
She pats our head , and puts her hand back in the wolf fur muff .
“ I killed it myself , ” she confesses with a smile and a coy downward glance .
“ Now , off you go ! ”
We climb reluctantly out of the sleigh .
“ I ask only one thing .
Do you see up there between those two mountains ?
Right past the big strip mall ?
That ’s where I live .
The castle with the float plane out front , and the windows that look just like the ones in the sports complex next door .
And there ’s my church over there .
And there is where I work .
All I ask is that you never ever come there , do you understand ?
Do not ask any questions , do not use the freedom of information act , and do not question what I do in any of those places , am I making myself clear ? ”
Suddenly , her eyes flash .
We ’re not sure we like it .
It makes us feel a little uncomfortable .
She tucks the four checks in our breast pocket and pats them .
She kisses our forehead .
We feel all warm and gooey inside .
“ OK , ” we hear ourselves saying .
We wo n’t do any of those things … .
Bye ! ”
We wave wistfully , ” Will I see you again ? ”
She turns around and winks as the sleigh moves silently on .
As we give one last look , and as the hot cocoa starts to wear off , we make out something on the back of the sleigh .
It ’s ….it ’s people , but they are all grey and frozen like stone and stacked up in a little pile like cord wood .
Like someone used a magic staff of evil to rob them of life and soul …
Who are they ?
If we did n’t know better we ’d guess it was our Commissioner of Public Safety , a State Trooper , and 3 or 4 members of the Narnian Legislature !
Is it ?
Should we tell someone ? …. Nah …. that ’s crazy .
It could n’t be .
She ’s so wonderful !
And besides , we need to run to the bank .
During an episode of The Young
Ones there was a scene in which Vyvyan tries to impress some girls at a party by doing some press-ups .
As it was a comedy show I felt I ought to make the press-ups as funny as possible .
With a huge effort that belied my 40 fags a day at the time , I managed to effect some kind of wiggly - lizard - on - hot - sand - type press -ups that got a pretty good laugh .
Much later , after the show was broadcast , our producer was hauled into the controller 's office and asked why he'd allowed images of Vyvyan " fucking " the floor to go out – they 'd had complaints .
Bad taste is in the eye of the beholder .
Well , mostly .
As Michael Palin once said , " One ' wank ' and the BBC switch board is flooded " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I 'm not a fan of the word " edgy " , especially when it 's describing comedy .
" Edgy comedy " usually means " not recorded in front of an audience because we were frightened it would n't get a laugh " .
" Dark and edgy " is even worse – it usually means " The Emperor 's New Clothes " .
I do n't think of Russell Brand as edgy , I think he 's just really , really funny .
Like most good comics he uses the shock of the unexpected to get laughs .
This is different from trying to shock people .
At the MTV Awards recently he described George Bush as " that retarded cowboy fella " .
That 's funny , not because it 's actually shocking , ( it 's obviously fairly accurate ) , but because it's not the sort of thing you expect the usually anodyne presenter of such an event to say .
He 's clever , sharp , surprising , and charming with it .
If a little cocky ... and that 's what this little " scandal " is really about .
It 's a little witch hunt .
When it was broadcast the show in question apparently got two complaints .
The media , tired of trying to find new angles on the current financial meltdown , have leapt at the opportunity to whip it up into something huge .
And of course the BBC have taken it up bigger and better than anyone else , because there 's no other organisation that enjoys self - flagellation quite as much .
The number of complaints grows by the minute .
When I started writing this it was somewhere around the 30,000 mark .
By the time I finish it may be around a quarter of a million .
Most of those complaining did n't listen to the original show .
Soon the number of complaints will outstrip the number of people who were tuned in .
I did n't listen to the show either , but I have read the transcripts of the messages left on Andrew Sachs 's phone .
I understand entirely why Andrew Sachs is upset .
But he and his grandaughter are the only people who should be really upset about this .
In the transcripts you can hear Brand and Ross getting overexcited in each others company .
Or perhaps , to put it less kindly , you can hear Ross trying to keep up with someone much funnier than he is .
This is n't a dig .
Ross does n't particularly pretend he 's a comedian .
He 's a charming , affable , if slightly over - exposed chat show host .
But the peer pressure is pretty obvious .
In a year or two Brand will probably have Ross 's chat show slot on Friday nights .
But back to the show .
They get overexcited and forget that by ringing a real human 's phone they 're suddenly in the real world rather than the beautifully surreal world that Brand usually creates around himself , and they go slightly over the edge .
Not too far over the edge , but enough to elicit two complaints .
Though the complaints were about Ross using the F - word , rather than about telling an old man that his new best friend had slept with his grandaughter ( again , as the grandaughter makes clear in the tabloids , it turns out Brand was at least being accurate ) .
Perhaps their only crime is that it just was n't particularly funny .
What the millions are really complaining about is Brand 's success with women , and Ross 's extraordinary salary .
They 're fed up with how good Brand looks in his skinny jeans with his crazy hair , how his life seems such effortless good fun , a whirlwind of humour and debauchery , how he managed to sleep with Andrew Sachs 's grand - daughter .
I mean , have you seen her ?
And I do n't know anyone who is n't incredibly jealous of Ross 's 6 million a year .
The noise about BBC editorial procedure is a smokescreen , but a dangerous one .
Once we start passing all jokes through endless " taste " controls we 'll cripple people 's ability to make jokes .
If we'd had the kind of controls people are talking about implementing I would n't have been able to do my silly wiggly press-ups – not the high point of comedy history perhaps , but a pointer as to where we might end up - in some kind of puritanical Britain where they start putting underpants on church spires because they look a bit phallic .
Mind you , strange that Ross has n't offered to resign .
Wonder why ?
( Newser ) – The Sunshine State is looking cloudy for John McCain , whose risky moves could cost him Florida , just as Rudy Giuliani 's posturing sank him in the primary , novelist Carl Hiaasen writes for the Miami Herald .
Polls show McCain forfeiting his lead , and his running mate is n't helping .
Sarah Palin , Hiaasen snipes , " calls herself a pit bull but she 's really just a pit poodle . "
“ More a yapper than a biter , ” Palin “ ca n't rescue Florida for McCain .
Only McCain can do that . ”
But angry supporters are drowning out his message .
“ McCain says he abhors bigots , but in a close contest , he could n't win the state without them , ” observes Hiaasen , advising McCain to stay on message if he wants to avoid the Rudy route .
( Read more John McCain stories . )
World , get ready because Bill Gates is returning .
His new company is called bgC3 .
Bill Gates Concept 3 ? Bill Gates Cartman 3 ? Big Goose Charbroiled 3 ? Bad Gastrointestinal Catastrophe 3 ?
We have no idea .
The truth is that very little is known about it , except its trademark categories , and the fact that they have a web site showing a very pretty logo .
Advertisement
Bill Gates ' new venture has a federal trademark as a think - tank , covering : • Scientific and technological services .
• Industrial analysis and research .
• Design and development of computer hardware and software .
The company is not being created in his garage , though :
He has opened a small office near his home , apparently full of high tech toys including a Microsoft Surface used as a guest book .
[ Tech Flash via Read Write Web via Valleywag ]
While much of the attention in the US election focuses on the daily verbal clashes between John McCain and Barack Obama , a battle is being fought with as much intensity on the ground involving tens of thousands of lawyers and campaign staff .
In courtrooms in Ohio , Indiana , Louisiana , Georgia , Michigan , Florida , Wisconsin and other states , lawyers representing Democrats and civil liberties groups are locked in fights with Republicans over who is allowed to vote .
The Republicans say they are only trying to prevent voter fraud .
The Democrats , burnt by what happened in Florida in 2000 and Ohio in 2004 , say they are trying to ensure the Republicans do not steal the election by making it difficult for poor whites , African - Americans , the young and other potential Democratic voters to cast their ballots .
If Obama is heading for a landslide as the polls suggest , the issue could be academic in terms of the final result .
But if the poll gap narrows over the next few weeks it could be critical .
An academic study of the 2000 vote estimated that 2 million people were not allowed to cast their ballots , more than those who lost their votes through the much - publicised faulty voting machines .
Laughlin McDonald , who takes the lead on voting rights for the American Civil Liberties Union , which is at the forefront of the registration battles , said yesterday it was possible that registration challenges by Republicans could match or outstrip those in 2000 and 2004 .
The increased interest in the election because of Obama on the part of African - Americans and the young could result in the biggest turnout in US election history and also increase the scope for voter suppression .
" There always is a problem with voter registration but we are seeing more of it than in the past ...
I can only say we 've gotten more calls and are investigating more cases than before , " McDonald , author of several books on voting rights , said .
Unlike most of Europe , where the mechanics of voting is not in party hands , the US process is left to state governments , and the parties in power often exploit this advantage .
Democrats claim that rules introduced since 2004 in Republican - run Georgia , Indiana and Florida require specific pieces of ID that are unnecessary given there is little recent history of double - voting .
They say the changes are politically motivated , aimed at African - Americans , Latinos , the young and other groups that tend to vote Democrat .
Indiana and Georgia are asking for driving licences that include photographs , but that could discriminate against people without cars .
A recent study found that while 80 % of Americans have cars , only 22 % of African - Americans do .
There is the prospect on election day , as a result of the heightened interest , of huge queues , and this could be exacerbated by Republican activists mounting challenges over IDs .
Lengthy queues could dissuade some from staying to vote .
In 2004 some people had to queue in African - American neighbourhoods for two to three hours in Ohio , a state that Bush won by a slim margin .
There have been several successful legal challenges in Ohio this year , including one last month that overturned a 2006 law that required a piece of registered mail to be sent to every voter in the state .
Mail was not forwarded and anyone whose name appeared on the list as mail returned could be challenged on voting day , a process known as cageing .
If it had been allowed to stand an estimated 600,000 people would have been disenfranchised .
Professor Daniel Tokaji , of Ohio State University 's Moritz college of law , who specialises in election law and has been involved in legal actions in defence of voter rights , said : " There is a major systemic problem in the US .
The people running the election have a stake in the election .
It is the quintessential problem .
If you had to design a system from scratch , you would not do this . "
He added : " There are occasional examples of suppression involving Republican - leaning voters but , in the main , it is Democratic - leaning voters that are targeted . "
After another successful challenge that Tokaji was involved in , voters in Ohio who wanted to vote early were allowed to register and vote on the same day .
The state Republican party had gone to court to block same day registration and voting .
In Wisconsin a judge is to rule on October 23 on a lawsuit filed in August by the Republican attorney general , John Byron Van Hollen , seeking to force ID checks on 240,000 to 1 million voters in the state .
Last month in Florida the registration applications of more than 5,000 people were held up on identity grounds .
Under Florida law the name on a driving licence has to perfectly match that on the government 's databank of social security numbers and names .
In fact there are many spelling mistakes and mismatches , particularly in the Latino community , who sometimes use shortened versions of their names on social security cards and revert to their longer family names for driving licences .
Even minor differences can provoke challenges .
In Florida 's Orange County more than 50 % of the 672 challenged registrations were Democrats and only 10 % Republicans .
The Republicans say the discrepancy is because of the much bigger Democratic registration drive this year .
One of the big demographic groups being targeted in states across the US is university students , among whom Obama enjoys support over McCain of at least two to one .
Given potential confusion over whether they vote in the state in which they study or are from originally , there is a danger many will find themselves purged from voter lists .
AFP
Obama leads McCain by 10 points in new poll
Democrat Barack Obama , propelled forward by mounting economic concerns among Americans , now leads his Republican rival John McCain 53 percent to 43 percent , a new opinion poll showed Monday .
Authors of the ABC News / Washington
Post survey said historically , no presidential candidate has been able to come back from an October deficit this large in pre-election polls dating back to 1936 .
Nearly nine in 10 registered voters said they were worried about the direction of the national economy while about seven in 10 said they were worried about their own family finances .
Fifty - five percent call the economy the single most important issue in this vote , according to the poll .
In the wake of the banking crisis , just 44 percent of Americans were still confident they will have enough money to carry them through retirement , down from a high of 69 percent three years ago , the survey showed .
It also indicated that voters trust Obama to guide them through these troubled times .
Registered voters preferred him over McCain to handle the economy by a 53 percent to 37 percent margin .
A record 90 percent of registered voters now say the country is seriously off on the wrong track , the most since this question first was asked in 1973 , the survey indicated .
Meanwhile , President George W. Bush ’s job approval rating has dropped to a record low of just 23 percent , which is below the lowest of Richard Nixon , forced to resign in 1974 over the Watergate scandal .
Bush ’s disapproval rating , meanwhile , has reached 73 percent , according to the poll .
The poll of 1,101 adults , conducted by telephone October 8 - 11 , 2008 , had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percent .
( Source )
Robert Parry
Consortiumnews
November 2 , 2008
In its final months , the Bush administration is pressing ahead with a new generation of spy technology designed to strengthen the U.S. military ’s ability to detect and eliminate suspected insurgents in Iraq and elsewhere based on computer analyses of their movements and activities .
The Pentagon ’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) has begun granting contracts to software firms to create algorithms that can be applied to the real - time video feeds from drone aircraft so the data can be sorted and stored on a wide range of human activities , from digging a ditch to climbing into a car to kissing someone .
The contracts represent the latest step in the Bush administration ’s seven - year drive to develop high - tech spying capabilities that can be applied to a variety of situations and locales to detect terrorist or insurgent activities .
The new DARPA project would develop algorithms that would identify specific human activities – both by individuals and by groups – and evaluate if these actions suggested behavior that would justify a military response .
The list of activities that would draw attention to a single person include “ digging , loitering , picking up , throwing , exploding / burning , carrying , shooting , launching , walking , limping , running , kicking , smoking , gesturing , ” according to DARPA ’s contract description .
For person - to - person activities , the project would identify and catalogue cases of “ following , meeting , gathering , moving in a group , dispersing , shaking hands , kissing , exchanging objects , kicking , carrying together . ”
Categories relating to vehicles include getting into or out of a car , opening or closing the trunk , driving , accelerating , turning , stopping , passing and maintaining distances .
According to DARPA ’s description , the research project addresses challenges faced by intelligence analysts in processing and retrieving the vast amounts of visual data created by live video feeds from Predator drones and other aerial surveillance over Iraq and Afghanistan .
By identifying and indexing specific actions , the analysts would be helped in evaluating potential threats and could retrieve video regarding similar behavior .
“ The U.S. military and intelligence communities have an ever increasing need to monitor live video feeds and search large volumes of archived video data for activities of interest due to the rapid growth in development and fielding of motion video systems , ” said the DARPA document , written in March but withheld from the public until September .
Kitware , a software company with offices in New York and North Carolina , won an initial $ 6.7 million contract for what is technically called Video and Image Retrieval and Analysis Tool , or VIRAT .
In a statement about the contract award , Kitware projected that through its proposed system , “ the most high - value intelligence content will be clearly and intuitively presented to the video analyst , resulting in substantial reductions in analyst workload per mission as well as increasing the quality and accuracy of intelligence yield . ”
Anthony Hoogs , Kitware ’s project leader , said , ” This project will really make a difference to the war fighter . ”
To carry out the project , Kitware said it was teaming up with two leading military technology companies , Honeywell and General Dynamics , as well as a number of academic researchers .
[ See Kitware Awarded $ 6.7M DARPA Contract . ]
Repression Works
Though this DARPA project is not expected to be completed until early next decade , other technological breakthroughs reportedly have helped U.S. forces identify and kill insurgents in Iraq .
In his latest book , The War Within , Bob Woodward writes that highly classified U.S. intelligence tactics allowed for rapid targeting and killing of Iraqi insurgent leaders , representing a more important factor in undermining the insurgency than President George W. Bush ’s much touted troop “ surge . ”
However , Woodward withheld details of these secret techniques so as not to undermine their effectiveness .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Still , there have been previous glimpses of classified U.S. programs that combine high - tech means of identifying insurgents – such as sophisticated biometrics and night - vision - equipped drones – with old - fashioned brutality on the ground , including on - the - spot executions of suspected insurgents .
[ For details , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Bush ’s Global Dirty War ” and “ Iraq ’s Laboratory of Repression . ” ]
However , the marriage of advanced technology and military repression has raised concerns among some human rights advocates that these techniques could open the door to an Orwellian future in which authoritarian regimes repress popular resistance .
DARPA , with its mandate to push the envelope on the application of technology for military and intelligence purposes , also has been caught up before in controversies about balancing security against liberty .
In 2002 , DARPA came under criticism when it unveiled plans for Total Information Awareness , a project that sought to detect terrorist activities by mining electronic data about virtually everyone on earth , anyone who participated in the modern economy .
The plan was to map out “ transactional data ” collected from every kind of activity – “ financial , education , travel , medical , veterinary , country entry , place / event entry , transportation , housing , critical resources , government , communications , ” according to the DARPA Web site .
The program would then cross-reference this data with the “ biometric signatures of humans , ” data collected on individuals ’ faces , fingerprints , gaits and irises .
To run the sensitive project , the Bush administration selected retired Admiral John Poindexter , who was convicted of five felony counts in the Iran - Contra Affair ( though a conservative - dominated appeals court later reversed the jury verdicts ) .
Public and congressional outrage over this massive data - mining operation supposedly killed the TIA program in 2003 , but the National Journal revealed in February 2006 that the project was ended in name only , kept alive within the secret budget of the National Security Agency .
One TIA component , called the Information Awareness Prototype System , was renamed “ Basketball ” at NSA , but still provided the basic architecture tying together information extraction , analysis and dissemination tools developed under TIA .
Meanwhile , the Bush administration began deploying similar advanced technology to Iraq with the goal of throttling the insurgency that was challenging the U.S. military occupation .
In effect , Iraq was transformed into a test tube for modern techniques of repression , including use of night - vision optics on drone aircraft , heat resonance imaging , and firepower that is both deadly and precise .
The new techniques marked a modernization of tactics used in other counterinsurgencies , such as in Vietnam in the 1960s and in Central America in the 1980s .
In Vietnam , U.S. forces planted sensors along infiltration routes for targeting bombing runs against North Vietnamese troops .
In Guatemala , security forces were equipped with early laptop computers for use in identifying suspected subversives who would be dragged off buses and summarily executed .
Last year , a conservative counterinsurgency expert sent me a video , spliced together by the U.S. military in Iraq , showing how some of the modern techniques worked in Iraq .
The video showed night - vision aerial surveillance of suspected “ terrorists ” as they moved in the dark with what was described as a truck - mounted anti-aircraft gun , the muzzle still warm from firing .
The tiny figures of these “ terrorists ” then walked into a forested area where they were mowed down by miniguns from an AC - 130 .
Their truck also was blown to bits .
Biometrics
Besides using Predator drones to monitor the movement of Iraqis from the sky , massive amounts of biometric data have been collected on the country ’s people for use in identifying suspected insurgents .
Explaining the value of this computerized database , Pentagon weapons designer Anh Duong told the Washington Post that it gave valuable information to soldiers on the ground .
" A war fighter needs to know one of three things :
Do I let him go ?
Keep him ?
Or shoot him on the spot ? ”
Duong said .
Though Duong is best known for designing high - explosives used to destroy hardened targets , she also supervised this Joint Expeditionary Forensics Facilities project , known as a “ lab in a box ” for analyzing biometric data , such as iris scans and fingerprints , that have been collected on more than one million Iraqis .
The labs – collapsible , 20 - by - 20 - foot units each with a generator and a satellite link to a biometric data base in West Virginia – let U.S. forces cross-check data in the field against information collected previously that can be used to identify insurgents .
Duong said the next step would be to shrink the lab to the size of a “ backpack ” so soldiers who encounter a suspect “ could find out within minutes ” if he ’s on a terrorist watch list and should be killed .
[ Washington Post , Dec. 1 , 2007 ]
By identifying and indexing a wide range of human activities captured on surveillance videos , the new DARPA project could augment some of these other security projects , already in place or in development .
Regarding the video analysis , however , DARPA specifically prohibited inclusion of biometric algorithms for identifying people by their gaits or other individual features .
However , those elements , which are being developed separately , presumably could be added to the overall technological package at a later date .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This is a lesson in how dog whistles work .
If you 're not familiar with the term " dog whistle , " as it relates to politics , here 's a quick primer :
As a literal dog whistle emits a pitch that only dogs can hear , a political dog whistle sends a message that only a particular constituency will hear ( or intuitively understand ) .
Bush has , care of his speechwriters , been dog whistling to his evangelicals for the past eight years ; often , when we heathens think he sounds most nonsensical , it 's because he 's sending a coded message to his Jesus peeps .
Often , dog whistles are merely a covert shout - out to a particular constituency – but sometimes , they 're meant to be provocative , to quietly speak to subconscious ( or conscious ) biases and evoke a particular visceral reaction .
Such is the case with John McCain 's campaign advert conflating Barack Obama 's candidacy and person with Paris Hilton and Britney Spears ( which can be viewed here ) .
On its face , it 's an obvious editorial on Obama 's intelligence and competency , as his image is juxtaposed with two women alleged to be airheads while the voiceover intones : " Is he ready to lead ? "
And naturally there is an element of commentary on whether he is undeserving and entitled , with which Hilton and Spears are routinely charged .
Famous for no reason , just a pretty face , the ad implies .
But loitering below the ostensibly substantive critique is something more nefarious .
It 's no coincidence that it was n't the vacuous tabloid fixture Spencer Pratt or the " American Idol " punchline Sanjaya Malakar who appear in the advert – and it's not because they 're not famous enough .
For it was also not Scarlett Johansson chosen for the advert , who famously supports him , has campaigned with him , and whose twin brother works for him , despite her being arguably as recognizable as Hilton and Spears – and it's not because she 's not young , blonde , or beautiful enough .
It because neither Pratt , nor Malakar , nor Johansson have personas that are the perfect combination of no brains , no talent , and all slut .
Obama , dog whistles the ad , hitting old racists in the sweet spot , could fuck these white girls – it's practically a Democratic tradition … JFK , Clinton , heck even Carter lusted in his heart – and we do n't want that , now , do we ?
It recalls the despicable " bimbo ad " used against black senate candidate Harold Ford in Tennessee , in which a white actress was hired to claim she 'd met Ford at a Playboy party and asked the candidate to " call me , " playing on deeply - ingrained and ancient biases about interracial sex .
But the difference between the " bimbo ad " ( which was also a Republican production ) and the McCain advert is that the former was explicit in its miscegenation message , whereas the latter is more , well , dog - whistly .
And its deliberate obliqueness has set in motion a series of events that 's all too familiar to feminists , LGBTQI activists , civil rights activists , and various other social justice advocates .
The dog whistle piques them with something the average person wo n't see as bigoted , but that the constituency for which they advocate ( and / or of which they 're a part ) will expect them to call out , because they instantly spy it and recognize it for what it is ; they 've heard the tune of that particular string being plucked their whole lives .
Then whoever calls it out is marginalized as a hysteric , over - reactionary , looking to get offended , etc .
And that 's exactly how the game has played out here .
McCain piques Obama and his constituency , Obama responds , McCain and the rightwing accuse Obama of playing the race card , his opponents unleash their new favorite battle cry : " You ca n't criticize Obama without being called a racist . "
Clockwork .
See how that works ?
Wheeeee !
And well - meaning people who miss the low - flying racial message ( which will be intuited precisely as designed by old racists ) will insist it 's just about Obama being ninny - brained and uppity , making the complex deconstruction so easy to dismiss – or , rather , making the people who do the deconstruction easy to dismiss .
Meanwhile , since when did implying a black man is uppity and entitled stop being examined for racist undertones , anyway … ?
Woof .
Europe has a complex system for handling musicians ' royalties A video message on behalf of 38,000 UK musicians has been sent to Gordon Brown urging him to back an extension of their copyright protection .
The musicians , many of whom have worked with major artists , say they risk losing their income under current laws .
Performers ' copyright runs out after 50 years but for composers and authors it extends for 70 years after their death .
The European Commission is backing an extension to 95 years from release , but the UK government is not supportive .
The video message sent to the prime minister features 29 musicians who have recorded on tracks made by artists including Frank Sinatra , The Beatles , The Rolling Stones , Madonna and Robbie Williams .
Under current copyright laws , royalties will soon dry up for session musicians who played on classic tracks released in the 1960s , campaigners say .
' Scant rewards '
The musicians have been waging an ongoing campaign for support from the government , but say their message to Mr Brown comes at a critical stage because the draft European Copyright Term Directive is currently under debate .
It would extend the copyright term in sound recordings , for both the performers and the producers , from 50 to 95 years from release .
The campaigners , who are backed by the PPL , which licenses sound recordings and music videos for use in broadcast and public performance , say there is widespread , cross - party support for the changes , but so far not from the government .
The European Commission 's own figures demonstrate that term extension is likely to benefit ordinary performers as little as 50 cents a year .
Becky Hogge , Open Rights Group
The musicians argue that they receive scant reward for their role in a valuable export industry and deserve gratitude from the government .
" British session musicians are the finest in the world , the absolute finest , " said Derek Wadsworth who has worked on tracks with a wide array of artists including The Beatles , The Rolling Stones and Tom Jones .
" The amount of revenue that 's been brought into this country by these people is quite staggering .
Now we require the government to help us out a little bit and show perhaps a bit of gratitude . "
He added : " Instead they choose to kick us in the face and ignore our campaign to extend the copyright for these people and their estate . "
' Misguided ' Phil Pickett , a musician who played with ' 80s band Culture Club , said the amount of money a copyright change would provide musicians was small but important .
" Ninety per cent of musicians earn less than £ 15,000 a year .
These royalties are very small but they add up over the years , " he said .
But the Open Rights Group , a lobbying organisation which specialises in digital rights issues , says performers are " misguided " if they believe a copyright term extension will significantly increase their incomes .
" The European Commission 's own figures demonstrate that term extension is likely to benefit ordinary performers as little as 50 cents ( 33 p ) a year , " says executive director Becky Hogge .
" If Europe passes the directive to extend the term , the vast majority of financial gains - which will come direct from consumers ' pockets - will go to the world 's four major record labels and a handful of very famous performers . "
It added that the EC had indicated artists just starting out would lose income as royalties from radio airplay will have to be shared with the estates of deceased performing artists .
A spokesperson for the Department for Innovation , Universities & Skills said : " We are sympathetic to the European Commission 's goal of improving the situation for performers but we do n't believe that the current proposal achieves this aim .
" The UK believes the proposal is too complex and most of the benefits will go to the record companies rather than the performers .
" The UK is still considering the detail of this proposal and it will consider future alternatives that come forward . "
Shadow Minister for Innovation , Universities and Skills , Adam Afriyie , said : " Britain 's artists expect a robust and even - handed set of legal protections , which is why Conservatives called for an extension to the copyright term for sound recordings more than a year ago .
" We would make that case at an international level because we want to create a level playing field for all Britain 's talent .
" The prime minister must now listen carefully to our arguments and take immediate action or else he will appear seriously out of touch with the concerns of British musicians . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Around the time that the re-opening rally began to consolidate , I developed a thesis that we would have to wait until September and October before we would know more clearly how the economy would perform over the medium - term .
And my view …
" We are now witnessing the end of prosperity , " said Arthur Laffer in The Wall Street Journal .
" Financial panics , if left alone , rarely cause much damage to the real economy . "
But the government is n't leaving this one alone , and if you think Washington politicians have done a bad job running the post office , Amtrak , Fannie Mae , and the military , " just wait till you see what they 'll do with Wall Street . "
There 's plenty of bad news out there , to be sure , said Donald Lambro in The Washington Times .
But the great Warren Buffett is " bullishly " running around snapping up bargains , " declaring there is no better time to buy a piece of corporate America at fire - sale prices . "
Stocks and home values are sinking in the wake of the mortgage and credit debacle , but " the good news is that the government has put in place all the tools necessary " to pull us out of a sharp recession early next year .
Our next president will have to make some tough decisions to put us back on the right track , said Jim Gomes in The Boston Globe .
Unfortunately , both John McCain and Barack Obama are busy spouting " sunny bromides " about America 's greatness instead of spelling out how to fix a nation addicted to foreign oil and debt spending .
Sorry , guys , " it 's not 1958 anymore . "
You have already voted for this video .
Error ( no video , no sound )
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Report this video as :
Top 5 Ameriquest mortgage commercials .
Funnier than you think - sure you will laugh !
Top 5 Ameriquest mortgage commercials .
Funnier than you think - sure you will laugh !
DALLAS — Relatives of a 10 - year - old boy struck and killed by a police cruiser said Saturday they do n't believe the fourth - grader would have steered his bike in front of the officer 's car .
Authorities said Senior Cpl. Michael Vaughn was not using his lights or siren Friday night when he hit Cole Berardi while driving toward a disturbance call .
The boy tried crossing a poorly lit road when Vaughn rounded a short curve and struck the child , Dallas police Lt. Vernon Hale said .
Eva Havens , the boy 's aunt , and grandmother Katherine Karse cried Saturday while hugging each other in the family 's yard .
Both said they thought Cole was too smart to have crossed the four - lane road like that .
" He would not have done that , '' said Havens , 27 .
" He would have darted off and ran away if he had seen anyone coming .
'' Carrie and Brett Inman , Cole 's mother and stepfather , said they were waiting for the results of the accident investigation .
Their son had been riding to a convenience store down the street .
Hale said another patrol car was following behind the one that struck the boy .
The officers attempted to revive the boy but were unsuccessful .
He described the officers as " distraught . '' " It was just dark , and when he came around the curve , the only reason he even saw the kid was because of his headlights , '' Hale told Dallas TV station WFAA .
" It was just too late to do anything . '' Vaughn , who has been with the force since Oct. 2003 , will be placed on administrative leave .
Police said the accident report will likely not be complete for several days .
A makeshift roadside memorial where Berardi was struck included stuffed animals and a toy truck placed by one of the children in the neighborhood .
A friend of Cole 's came by his house Saturday to give condolences to the family .
" He had just a passion and love for life and never made any bones about it , '' Brett Inman said .
" He loved life and loved to live it . ''
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Web - based image editors have several advantages to its desktop counterparts .
The most obvious benefit is that they allow you to work on any computer ( that has a browser ) .
In most cases , you can save your work online , avoid having to install desktop software , and interface with other web based services such as Flickr or Picasa .
This article shares 6 of the finest , free online image editors that are capable alternatives to desktop applications like Adobe Photoshop and GIMP .
1. Pixlr
Pixlr is a very robust , Flash - based image editor that shares a similar user interface to Adobe Photoshop .
The Pixlr API – which is still in its early stages of development – opens up possibilities of mash - ups an integration of Pixlr into your blog , web application , or website .
It has a smart Wand tool to help you automatically select similar and adjacent pixels ( which is equivalent to Photoshop ’s Magic Wand tool ) .
Splashup is feature - packed online image editor that integrates with popular photo sharing services like Flickr , Picasa , and Facebook – allowing you to access your photos remotely .
Some of the cool features that Splashup has are layers with blending modes , the ability to interface and capture images from your web cam , and a nice variety of filters and layer effects .
3. Phoenix
Phoenix , a powerful web - based image editor by Aviary , rivals the capabilities of desktop image editing applications .
Check out this list of tutorials to fully appreciate the potential of this excellent image editor .
You have to sign - up for an account to access Phoenix , but it only takes a few seconds and also gives you access to other Aviary tools and services such as Peacock ( “ Visual Laboratory ” ) and Toucan ( color and swatch tool ) .
If you ’re looking for an application to meet your simple photo - editing needs , check out pixer .us – a free , web - based photo editor .
It has an intuitively simple interface and useful photo - editing features like cropping , resizing , and rotating .
It also has some color adjustment options such as Saturation , Brightness , and Contrast adjustments .
You can save your work as one of the four popular digital image files ( PNG , JPG , GIF , or BMP ) .
5. FotoFlexer
FotoFlexer is a free , web - based photo editor that has tons of features but is still simple to use .
Check out FotoFlexer ’s demo page to see some of the useful capabilities of the application .
FotoFlexer certainly does an excellent job for common photo - editing needs such as cropping , resizing , and rotating .
It also integrates with popular web services such as Flickr , Picasa , Photobucket , Facebook , MySpace and more .
6. SUMO Paint
SUMO
Paint is a free , online image editor that allows you to edit and create images .
It has a Shape tool that gives you the ability to draw unique shapes , a Brush tool with a surprisingly high - quality set of brushes , a Transform tool to help you scale , move , and rotate objects , and much more .
What ’s your favorite ?
Is your favorite web - based image editor not on the list ?
Share it with us in the comments , along with your experience and why you like it over other web - based image editors .
Similar posts
Beer Palace interior
Beer Palace is one of the top three beer pubs in Oslo , but I 've never written about it before , because quite frankly it 's not that interesting .
However , last night a number of things happened which are worth relating , because I think they give a good picture of the Norwegian pub scene , at least as seen by people who are into beer .
The pub is on Aker Brygge , a former ship yard complex which has been redeveloped into a fancy housing , office , shopping , and entertainment area .
It 's on one side of the bay in front of Oslo city hall , looking across the bay to Akershus Castle .
The pub itself is located in an old brick building which used to be the salary office of the shipyard , and looks reasonably good with brick walls , dark wood , some leather sofas , and lots of beer signs and bottles .
Because of the location the pub tends to be full of finance types working nearby , often large groups which go out for a beer together after work , but you really find all kinds of people in there .
All in all , the place is more than decent by Oslo standards .
And the beer selection is probably the best in Oslo , although that is n't saying much .
They have quite a few boring pale lagers ( pils - like things ) , some Belgians , some British beers , and a smattering of others .
Usually also 1 - 2 Nøgne Ø beers .
The waiters tend to range from absolutely clueless about beer to at least having tried most of what 's on the menu , and they 're usually reasonably helpful , friendly , and efficient .
On the night in question I check the blackboard which lists the beer news , if any , and find they 've added Nøgne Ø Imperial Stout ( excellent beer ) , Hansa Ultra ( utterly pointless macro swill ) , and Samuel Adams ( a brewery , no mention of which beer ) to the menu .
This seems like mildly good news , and I get ready to order the Imperial Stout when I discover a sheet of laminated paper on the bar in front of me .
This states that they have 8 new American microbrewed beers on offer , mainly from the Rogue and Left Hand breweries .
Beer Palace interior
I 'm overjoyed and surprised to find this , and to explain why I guess I should add some background .
American microbrewed beer tends to be of exceptionally high quality , and also to be quite a bit bolder than the beer that is brewed elsewhere , so for beer tasters this is very interesting stuff .
It also tends to be near - impossible to get hold of in Norway .
Over the last years , the total number of American microbrews I can recall being available in all of Norway is a magnificent total of 4 .
Yes , four .
And only two of those at any given time , of course .
And here we find 8 ( eight ! ) available all at the same time , only one of which has ever been on sale in Norway before .
So you can imagine my joy .
The waitress tells me this is a one - time party of beers that they 've added to the menu just this once , and when they sell out they do n't expect to order them again .
I order a Rogue Dead Guy , and sit down to enjoy it .
Then I discover that it 's full of yeast floaties and tastes a bit old .
The same goes for the next three beers .
Fantastic .
Apparently they 've bought a batch of out - of - date beers where some of the bottles are OK , and some are a bit off .
And given what I wrote above , I really am torn on whether to complain or not , since this is the first time that any Norwegian pub really does offer some American microbrew .
Even if it does taste a bit iffy .
While I 'm still on the first bottle , a big group of people who seem to work together arrive at the table next to me .
First comes a guy with a standard pale lager .
Then a woman with a darkish beer , which the guy remarks on in surprise .
Apparently he 's not used to seeing people drink anything but pale lager .
Then comes a guy with a Kronenbourg Blanc , and although I can't quite hear the conversation I do hear the word " weissbier " shouted 7 - 8 times .
So apparently this creates an even greater stir .
( Never mind that 's it 's not a German weissbier at all , but a Belgian wit , which is a different , but related type . )
Then another guy arrives , this time with a Paulaner Weissbier , prompting the pale lager guy to shout " You 've been cheated ! "
As in , " they did n't give you a real beer " .
Seems we still have some learning to do up here on the edge of the Arctic .
( And yes , it really is rare to see that many people in the same group order something other than pale lager , even in Beer Palace . )
Later , I go to order my third beer and ask for the " Black Jack Porter " from the menu .
The barman happily hands me " Jackman 's American Pale Ale " , not noticing that he 's missed on both the beer name and the beer type .
What 's weird is that the beer he 's given me is not on the menu at all .
I point this out , and he offers to give me the right beer .
I say I 'm happy to stick with the one I 've got .
I want to taste them all , and if it 's not on the menu it 's going to be very hard to order it , so I 'm thinking I 'd better hang on to it now that I 've gotten it .
But it takes about 5 minutes of back and forth before he 's willing to accept that the beer he 's given me is not in the menu .
Eventually he agrees , and I leave while he 's still scratching his head in puzzlement .
Beer Palace bar
Even later , after I 've ordered and gotten the porter , they start playing some really weird song that starts with only drums .
After a while I think I recognize it .
It must be " Money for Nothing " , in which case the guitar riff should start ... now !
Instead , what follows is silence .
The only thing I can hear is some faint hissing and occasional soft bass hums .
Then the drums start up again , accompanied by bass .
I recognize this as the backing for " Money for Nothing " , though I 'd never realized that the bass line was a bit lame before .
Hints of vocals and guitar can be made out , but they 're not really heard .
What 's going on is that the sound quality of their audio system is so incredibly poor that even though they play loud enough to make conversation difficult the only thing you can hear are the lowest - frequency sounds .
I 've stopped complaining about pubs playing shit music ( they usually do in Norway ) or so loud that it's hard to talk in the pub ( they usually do that too ) , but what is the point of music when the sound quality is so low that you can't actually hear anything but the backing ?
( No , this was n't caused by the noise of people in the room .
I 've had a very similar experience in the middle of the day when I was alone in the pub . )
Thus ends a visit to one of the top three beer pubs in Oslo .
Maybe I should just move to some civilized part of the world .
After making Joseph Wurzelbacher famous , McCain learned 3 key facts -- Joe owes back taxes , is n't licensed and Obama 's plan would cut Joe 's taxes .
McCain 's plumber no ordinary Joe
NEW YORK – John McCain hung his final presidential debate performance on an Ohio plumber who campaign aides never vetted .
A day after making Joseph Wurzelbacher famous , referencing him in the debate almost two dozen times as someone who would pay higher taxes under Barack Obama , McCain learned the fine print Thursday on the plumber ’s not - so - tidy personal story :
He owes back taxes .
He is not a licensed plumber .
And it turns out that Wurzelbacher makes less than $ 250,000 a year , which means he would receive a tax cut if Obama were elected president .
Advertisement
McCain likes to say that he is n’t George W. Bush – and in this case of bungled public relations , it is clear he is not .
The famously disciplined Bush campaign operation would likely have found the perfect anonymous citizen to illustrate a policy proposal , rather than spontaneously wrap itself around an unknown entity with so many asterisks .
While the arc of Wurzelbacher ’s breakneck trip through the news cycle – from private citizen to insta-celebrity to political target – offers a curious insight into the political media culture , it also appears to offer a glimpse into the McCain campaign ’s on - the - fly decision - making style .
A McCain source said Thursday that the campaign read about Wurzelbacher on the Drudge Report , while another campaign aide confirmed that he was not vetted .
Senior McCain adviser Matt McDonald told Politico after the debate that Wurzelbacher was not aware that he would become central to the candidates ’ third and final showdown , although Wurzelbacher told reporters Thursday that the McCain campaign contacted him earlier in the week to ask him to appear with the candidate at a Toledo rally scheduled for Sunday .
( He may not make it , now that he 's scheduled to be in New York for TV interviews . )
“ Joe , if you 're watching , I 'm sorry , ” McCain said Thursday , referring to the press attention that the Ohio man had received , during a taping of the Late Show with David Letterman .
McCain said he has not spoken to Wurzelbacher yet .
Aides have reached out , hoping to get him on the stump at some point .
By Thursday evening , though , the McCain campaign had tied itself even closer to Wurzelbacher than the night before .
His campaign released a web ad titled “ Joe the Plumber . ” McCain opened his rally in Downingtown , Pa. , with a shout - out to Wurzelbacher .
“ We had a good debate last night .
I thought I did pretty well , but let 's have a little straight talk : the real winner last night was Joe the Plumber , ” McCain told 1,000 people .
“ He won and small businesses across America won , because the American people are not going to let Senator Obama raise their taxes in a tough economy . ”
For a few moments , the crowd chanted , “ Joe ! Joe ! Joe ! ”
“ Joe ’s the man ! ” McCain yelled back .
Obama veered from his prepared remarks in Londonderry , N.H. , to question McCain ’s use of Wurzelbacher , saying the Republican senator ’s tax plan would do more for corporations and wealthy individuals than , say , a plumber .
“ He is trying to suggest that a plumber is the guy he ’s fighting for , ” Obama said told a rally with 4,100 people .
“ How many plumbers do you know making a quarter of a million dollars a year ? ”
Obama ’s remarks echoed those of his vice presidential nominee , Joe Biden , who criticized McCain for “ the notion of this guy Joe the Plumber . ”
“ I do n’t have any Joe the Plumbers in my neighborhood that make $ 250,000 a year that are worried , ” Biden said on NBC ’s Today show .
“ The Joe the Plumbers in my neighborhood , the Joe the Cops in my neighborhood , the Joe the Grocery Store Owners in my neighborhood – they make , like 98 percent of small businesses , less than $ 250,000 a year .
And they ’re going to do very well under us , and they ’re going to be in real tough shape under John McCain . ”
Wurzelbacher , 34 , a single father and self - described conservative , emerged as a symbol for a tax debate that has become a mainstay of the give - and - take on the campaign trail , and also of the white working - class voters who have been pursued so vigorously by both candidates .
The exchange between Obama and Wurzelbacher that first brought him to the McCain campaign ’s attention , occurred Sunday while the Democratic nominee was canvassing for votes in Toledo .
“ I 'm being taxed more and more for fulfilling the American Dream , ” Wurzelbacher told Obama , adding he was concerned about having to pay more taxes as he worked towards his goal of buying his own plumbing business , which could draw income of $ 250,000 a year .
“ Your new tax plan is going to tax me more , is n’t it ? ”
Obama said that , under his proposal , those making $ 250,000 or less would not pay more in taxes , but incomes above that level would be subject to a higher tax rate .
“ It ’s not that I want to punish your success , I just want to make sure that everybody who is behind you – that they ’ve got the chance at success too , ” Obama told Wurzelbacher .
“ I think that when you spread the wealth around , it ’s good for everybody . ”
Since then , the encounter has also provided fodder for conservatives alleging his tax plan would amount to a massive redistribution of wealth .
McCain said Obama 's plan would stop entrepreneurs such as Wurzelbacher from investing in new small businesses and keep existing ones from growing .
Even before the debate concluded Wednesday , local TV stations , network producers and journalists from around the country were trying to reach Wurzelbacher .
By Thursday afternoon , he had been picked to pieces .
Wurzelbacher acknowledged to reporters that he does n't have a plumber 's license , but said he did n't need one because he works for someone else at a company that does residential work .
State and local records show Wurzelbacher has no license , although his employer does .
David Golis , manager and residential building official for the Toledo Division of Building Inspection , said Wurzelbacher still would need to be a licensed apprentice or journeyman to work in Toledo .
Wurzelbacher also owes the State of Ohio $ 1,182.98 in personal income tax , according to Lucas County Court of Common Pleas records .
The Ohio Department of Taxation filed a claim on his property until he pays the debt , according to the records .
The lien remains active .
The McCain campaign weighed in on Wurzelbacher ’s behalf , using the opportunity to take digs at two frequent targets .
“ It 's an outrage that the Obama campaign and the media are attacking Joe the Plumber for asking a legitimate question of a presidential candidate .
This is why voters still have so many questions about Barack Obama .
Instead of answering tough questions , his campaign attacks average Americans for daring to look at the reality behind his words , said Tucker Bounds , spokesman the McCain - Palin campaign .
“ John McCain will continue to fight on behalf of all hardworking Americans like Joe for policies geared toward increasing prosperity and reducing the burden on taxpayers -- not ' spreading the wealth around ' for Senator Government to distribute as he sees fit . ”
Leaning against his black Dodge Durango SUV , Wurzelbacher at first was amused by it all , then overwhelmed and finally a little annoyed .
“ I do n't have a lot of pull .
It 's not like I'm Matt Damon , " he said .
" I just hope I 'm not making too much of a fool of myself . "
Ben Smith and Jonathan Martin contributed to this story , which also includes information from the Associated Press .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown says European leaders are to look at upfront release of money to help small firms cope with the global financial crisis .
It came after the leaders of France , Britain , Germany and Italy had staged a mini-summit in Paris on world problems .
Mr Brown earlier said he wanted early release of 15bn euros ( £ 12bn ; $ 21 bn ) from a 30bn euros European Investment Bank ( EIB ) fund to help small firms .
Afterwards he said : " We are now asking to frontload all 25bn [ pounds ] now . "
The leaders issued a 19 point document at the end of their discussions , dealing with aspects of their meeting , including the EIB money .
The document said : " It is ... important to ensure that we take urgent action to address the impact of the financial crisis on our economies .
" Credit to the economy should be maintained .
In this regard , we welcome the decision of the European Investment Bank to mobilize 30 billions euros of support for European small and medium size enterprises as a satisfactory first step and urge the bank to frontload this effort . "
Europe 's biggest economies also promised to work together to support financial institutions .
However , they stopped short of forming a joint bail - out fund like that the $ 700 bn earmarked to rescue the US financial sector .
The meeting was called by French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who currently also holds the EU presidency .
As well as the four national leaders the head of the European Central Bank and the President of the European Commission attended the summit .
Delegates looked at how they could encourage confidence by strengthening co-operation within Europe and ensuring the financial markets function properly in the future .
We 're doing everything that we can to ensure the security and stability that families and businesses need
Prime Minister Gordon Brown
Europe agrees bank crisis action Speaking at 10 Downing Street before his departure for Paris , Mr Brown proposed " cleaning up the system " which he claimed had fallen prey to " irresponsibility " .
This was something that was echoed by President Sarkozy in the post - summit news conference , who said there were plans to " rebuild the financial system " and it was announced a college of regulators will be set up .
Edge of Abyss '
All the European leaders said they were pleased with the progress made at the meeting but German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she was " not satisfied " with Ireland 's unlimited guarantee on bank deposits , saying all countries should have a consistent approach .
The meeting of leaders issued a 19 point statement afterwards However , Gordon Brown said he remained confident that the small business fund , would assure liquidity , which would in turn preserve economic confidence and stability .
The summit agreed the that working together was crucial to beating the credit crunch which saw the world - as French Prime Minister Francois Fillon described it - as being " on the edge of the abyss " .
Mr Brown said : " We must do more to co-ordinate our response in times of crisis . "
He added : " I believe that the co-ordination that we are showing across Europe will now be repeated by the international meetings that we are proposing that will involve all the major countries of the world . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
For weeks , Sen .
John McCain 's campaign has quietly resisted calls to dump one of his leading religious representatives who critics say is an inappropriate surrogate because of links to allegations of sexual impropriety .
At least three religious groups have asked the McCain campaign to remove Deal W. Hudson from its national Catholic - outreach group .
The groups say Hudson , who quit President Bush 's political team in 2004 amid similar calls , lacks the moral authority to represent the campaign on religious issues .
Hudson left a tenured professorship at Fordham University in New York after a 1994 incident in which he was accused of having sex with a freshman .
He was never charged with a crime .
The controversy could hamper McCain 's efforts to win over religious voters , who are wary of his candidacy .
The campaign declined to discuss the matter Wednesday and repeated an earlier statement .
" He 's a name on a list , a volunteer .
When are we going to start talking about gas prices , jobs and the issues facing Americans ?
The McCain campaign is all done with the ' gotcha ' games , " said Tucker Bounds , a McCain spokesman .
But those who are troubled by Hudson 's background say he is more than a volunteer .
Earlier this month , he was identified on a Catholic radio show as a McCain surrogate , and he also hosted a conference call with the deputy chairman of the Republican National Committee discussing the campaign with Catholic media .
" He just should n't be representing Catholics for the campaign .
It 's offensive , " said a member of McCain 's steering committee who did not want his name used .
Catholics " reject him as a moral arbiter . "
For McCain , it is the second time his supporters have upset at least some Catholics , a key voting group .
In May , McCain rejected the support of the Rev. John Hagee , a Texas - based tel- evangelist who has made several anti-Catholic and anti-Jewish comments .
Hudson , a self - styled " theocon " who now lives in Fairfax , Va. , left Fordham after one of his former students sued him , claiming he plied her with drinks and had sex with her when she was 18 years old .
The case was later settled .
Hudson , who was a philosophy professor , declined to comment through a spokesman .
In an earlier statement , Hudson said : " My past continues to be a source of shame to me and , unfortunately , my family .
I 'm not blaming anyone for this .
It was my own fault .
And while the revelation of my failing was deeply humiliating , it was also an important wake - up call for me .
Over the past four years , I 've tried to make amends with family , friends and supporters . "
In 2000 , Hudson served as a leading figure for Bush 's efforts in courting Catholic voters .
In August 2004 , he quit Bush 's re-election campaign after the National Catholic Reporter outlined the Fordham incident .
In March , Hudson found a home with the McCain campaign , when he was among a list of about 100 " prominent Catholics " supporting the presumptive Republican nominee .
Hudson is director of Inside Catholic.com , a Web site for faith , culture and politics .
He has used that outlet to praise McCain for his opposition to abortion rights and gay marriage and attack Sen.
Barack Obama for his support of abortion rights .
" There is no doubt that the dramatic progress made in reducing abortions over the last 30 years - now at their lowest number since 1974 - will be rapidly reversed under a President Obama , " Hudson wrote this month .
This week , he described Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , who is widely regarded as a potential Obama running mate , as a " pro-abortion Catholic . "
Kaine , who is Catholic and spent a year in a Jesuit mission , has said he is personally opposed to abortion but would not restrict a woman 's reproductive rights .
Religion has been a recurring issue in this year 's presidential election for other candidates , as well .
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , an ordained Southern Baptist minister , faced questions during his run for the Republican nomination about the role his faith would play .
So , too , did former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who tried to allay concerns about his Mormon faith during his bid .
For more than a month , Obama , the presumptive Democratic nominee , faced heavy criticism for his initial unwillingness to distance himself from his former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright Jr. , who made remarks seen as racially divisive from his Chicago pulpit .
In April , Obama created another stir when he said small - town Americans cling to guns and religion out of bitterness in a deteriorating economy .
And throughout the campaign , Obama has faced untrue suggestions that he is a Muslim .
The same day McCain rejected Hagee , he also rejected the support of the Rev. Rod Parsley , an Ohio preacher who gave an anti-Muslim sermon .
Reach the reporter at ronald.hansen@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-4493 .
Please Sign up or sign in to vote .
Introduction
The C programming - language draws a line between compile - time and run-time : you compile your program to convert it into machine - code , which can then be run .
C++ crosses this line via template - metaprogramming techniques that use the compiler to “ run ” meta - programs .
Dynamic programming languages ( e.g. , Python ) cross the line in the other direction by allowing runtime generation of functions ( “ higher level functions ” ) .
The following is a proof - of - concept showing that higher - level functions can be implemented in C++ using the LLVM Compiler Infrastructure , and how they can be useful for runtime code optimization .
Background
Static Code Optimization
A C++ compiler can do quite sophisticated code- optimizations .
However , how much optimization can be done depends on what the compiler knows of the code .
For example , one trivial optimization is “ strength reduction ” .
Generally , when faced with a code such as :
int divide ( int x , int z ) { return x/z ; }
the compiler does n’t have a choice , and will use an expensive division instruction .
However , if more is known on x and z , there are many additional optimizations that can be performed .
For example , if we know z at compile time , we can embed the known value in a function ( or specialize a template function ) :
int divide8 ( int x ) { return x/8 ; }
Now , the compiler can optimize the divide away , replacing it with a cheap right shift :
int divide8 _opt ( int x ) { return x >>
3 ; }
This and similar optimizations can increase the application performance significantly .
Target Specific Optimization
Additional optimizations depend on the target machine : if you know in advance the application will run on a Core 2 machine , you can use SSE 4.1 instructions to implement additional optimizations .
However , in most cases , applications are expected to run on a wide variety of machines , and a “ least - common - denominator ” approach is used , emitting Pentium - compatible executables , losing potential performance gains .
Dynamic Code Optimization
If we could defer part of the compilation process to runtime , more optimization opportunities are available .
First , we could generate code optimized for the actual machine the application is running on – use extensions such as SSE4.1 only when running on a Core 2 machine .
Second , we could create code that depends on values not available at compile time .
For example , a packet filter may scan network traffic for specific patterns which are only known at runtime .
However , these patterns are relatively static , and change infrequently ( see this for an example ) .
The LLVM Compiler Infrastructure
LLVM is a high - quality , platform independent infrastructure for compilation .
It supports compilation to an intermediate “ bitcode ” , and an efficient Just - In - Time ( JIT ) compilation and execution .
For a good introduction to both LLVM and writing compilers , see the excellent LLVM tutorials .
LLVM provides tools for generating bitcode , which it can then optimize , compile , and execute .
Using the Code
DynCompiler
DynCompiler is a proof - of - concept ( read : do n’t expect it to work for more than toy problems , have a nice syntax , or do anything useful ) of a DSEL for dynamic code compilation , which uses LLVM to do the real work .
With DynCompiler , you can create a “ higher - level function ” – or a function for creating other functions .
For example , the following function can create a specific quadratic polynomial ( ax2+bx+c ) for given coefficients a , b , and c :
typedef int ( * FType ) ( int ) ; FType build_quad ( int a , int b , int c ) { DEF_FUNC ( quad ) RETURNS_INT ARG_INT(x ) ; BEGIN DEF_INT ( tmp ) ; tmp = a *x *x + b*x + c ; RETURN ( tmp ) ; END return ( FType ) FPtr ; }
Note that build_quad ( ) returns a function – it is not the quadratic function itself ( the same way that function templates are not “ concrete ” functions ) .
To create an actual function :
FType f1 = build_quad ( 1 , 2 , 1 ) ; // f1 (x ) := x ^2+2*x+1
Which can now be used as any other function :
for ( int x = 0 ; x < 10 ; x++ ) { std::cout << " f1 ( " << x << " ) = " << f1(x ) << std::endl ; }
Syntax
DynCompiler has an ugly syntax – the result of the limitations of the preprocessor and laziness .
A function generator has a name and a return type ( only “ int ” and “ double ” are supported ) :
DEF_FUNC ( name ) RETURNS_INT
or :
DEF_FUNC ( name ) RETURNS_DOUBLE
for a function returning a double .
Arguments for the resulting function are provided by :
ARG_INT(x ) ; // integer
or
ARG_DOUBLE(x ) ; // double
The actual function code starts with a BEGIN :
BEGIN
Local variables can be defined with DEF_INT and DEF_DOUBLE :
DEF_INT ( tmp ) ;
You can then use these variables ( almost ) normally :
tmp = a *x +b ;
Note that the code is not evaluated at this point except for “ normal ” C++ variables like a and b .
Therefore , at the time this line executes a = 3 , and b = 2 , and the above code will be evaluated as :
tmp = 3*x+2 ;
Note that unused variables , or variables used before initialization , will generate an error .
Returning a value from the function is done with :
RETURN_INT ( expr ) ;
or
RETURN_DOUBLE ( expr ) ;
Note that a function must return a value .
The function block ends with :
END
The basic control flow is provided by IF and WHILE :
IF( x > 0 ) IF(y >
0 ) z = x*y ; IFEND ELSE z = 0 IFEND WHILE (z >
0 ) z -= x ; WHILEND
In addition , a PRINT ( expr ) can be used to print to standard output :
PRINT ( i ) ;
Finally , after END , FPtr will point to the newly created function .
You will need to cast the pointer to the actual function type though :
f1 = ( FType ) FPtr ;
Running the Code
You will need to download and build LLVM ( check this link for Visual Studio specific instructions ) .
The DynCompiler code itself requires TR1 support in addition – e.g. , Visual Studio 2008 with SP1 .
Status
DynCompiler is a proof - of - concept , and should not be taken seriously .
WASHINGTONA rebellion is beginning to take place among American conservatives , many of them influential commentators who are denouncing the takeover of the Republican Party by a mixture of anti-intellectual populists and political extremists .
Novelist Christopher Buckley , the son of the founder of modern American conservatism , has endorsed Barack Obama for president .
Columnists Kathleen Parker and Peggy Noonan have questioned John McCains judgment in picking Sarah Palin as his running mate .
Another columnist , David Brooks , has offered a jeremiad against the Republican Partys anti-intellectual bent .
More poignantly , they all decry what they perceive as a betrayal of conservative principles .
Buckley put it succinctly when he wrote that George Bushs government has brought America a doubled national debt , ruinous expansion of entitlement programs , bridges to nowhere , poster boy Jack Abramoff and an ill - premised , ill - waged war conducted by politicians of breathtaking arrogance .
Brooks thinks the problem goes beyond the Bush years , stating that modern conservatism began as a movement of dissident intellectuals  against the liberal domination of the academic world , but what had been a disdain for liberal intellectuals slipped into a disdain for the educated class as a whole . 
Parker is even more forceful :  The well - fed right now cultivates ignorance as a political strategy .
...
Years of pandering to the extreme wing ... have created a party no longer attentive to its principles . 
We dont know if these symptoms of dissent will develop into a full - blown rebellion against the Republican establishment .
Much will depend on the result of the presidential election .
If McCain and Palin lose , the chances of an insurgency taking root within the party itself are significant .
The Republican Party has indeed deviated from conservatism as it is understood by those who consider Edmund Burke the founder of the conservative idea , William F. Buckley the intellectual midwife of modern - day American conservatism , and Barry Goldwater the flint that sparked a vast political movement in favor of small government in the United States .
This deviation expresses itself in different ways .
First , in the confusion between Jeffersonian populism a salutary mistrust of economic power allied to political power and class - based populism , which is what Republican leaders promote when they scorn Americas coastal and big-city culture .
Second , in the contradiction between a low - tax , low - spend policy and an interventionist foreign policy that , by definition , is costly as every empire in the history of mankind eventually and painfully found out .
Last , in modern - day Puritanism , which started , perhaps understandably , as a reaction against the cultural excesses of the 1960s but ended up turning into what H.L. Mencken described decades earlier as grounded upon the inferior mans hatred of the man who is having a better time . 
These fundamental deviations from conservatism crystallized in the Bush administration .
The result was the biggest growth in government since the presidency of Lyndon Johnson , a loss of international prestige and , in purely political terms , the alienation of millions of people who could have been attracted to the Republican Party had its libertarian roots been preserved in dealing with social issues .
Thus , the party that styles itself the champion of individual liberty has come to be seen by many in the United States and around the world as a special - interest group driven by factions and devoid of principle .
That many conservatives have finally decided to speak out is encouraging .
That they are being vilified is even more encouraging it means that they may just have a point .
After the elections , conservatives will have to do some serious soul - searching and ask themselves a few simple questions :
How was it that they let their movement and their party be hijacked by people who were hellbent on disfiguring the face of American conservatism ?
How was it that the self - styled party of individual liberty became , in the eyes of many , the party of big government , intolerance and jingoism ?
The recent spats among the various strands of American conservatism are the harbinger of a transcendent fight for the soul of the movement .
We dont yet know who the leaders will be and much less who will emerge victorious .
The search for a renewed Republican Party could , as in 1964 and 1980 , produce a return to its roots .
But this will not be a pretty picture .
If the root conservatives are going to displace the faction that now controls the movement , they will need to displace some very unpleasant people .
Matt Drudge has lost it .
Utterly , totally lost it .
This is his headline , right now , the day before the elections .
It links to a YouTube clip of Barack Obama scratching his face with his index and , yes , middle fingers .
Just like he did to Hillary Clinton , once !
Do n't you remember ?
Now we know who the real Barack Obama is : he is a secret asshole .
This is really the best anyone can do , because it turns out all those other secret things he is are n't true .
Like , for example , Bill Ayers , radical domestic terrorist and respected professor , did not write Barack Obama 's book .
This was revealed when California businessman Robert Fox and his Republican Congressman brother - in - law paid an Oxford don to investigate similarities between Dreams From My Father and Ayers ' Fugitive Days .
The charges were " laughably unsubstantiated . "
But of course Obama is still a secret Muslim foreigner , right ?
He was totally born in Indonesia , right ?
Ha , the Director of Hawaii's Department of Health has actually bothered to respond to the lunatics .
You may be shocked to learn that Barack Obama 's birth certificate is real .
So really all that 's left is to basically accuse Obama of everything in the world , all at once , like in this 100 % real robocall now being made in Pennsylvania .
Barack Obama .
His pastor preached God damn America .
His aunt is living in America illegally .
This illegal alien aunt is living in public housing .
Barack Obama accepted illegal campaign contributions from his illegal alien aunt .
Call Barack Obama at 202-224-2854 and tell him you are against illegal immigration .
This message was paid for by NewModelsUSA.org and is not authorized by any candidate or candidate committee , 866-283-3421 .
ILLEGAL ALIEN GOD DAMN AMERICA AUNT .
And soooo rude !
Just look at him :
Barack Obama : secret dick to John McCain , secret dick to America .
ANAHEIM – World of Warcraft has been the epitome of a gaming cash - cow ever since its 2004 launch .
Though solid figures are hard to come by , estimates on the game 's monthly revenue often tops $ 100 million , and the game boasts subscriber rates that eclipse its closest competition by a factor of 10 .
During Blizzcon
I had a chance to sit down with J. Allen Brack , the game 's lead producer , to discuss the upcoming Wrath of the Lich King expansion , where the game goes from here , and the title 's Deathknight class , an addition many fans see as the latest example in Blizzard 's new - found desire to homogenize their once unimpeachable games .
Wired : Warhammer Online just came out .
It 's the first MMO since you guys released * World of Warcraft * four or five years ago that has really had the kind of fan reaction and critical praise to compete with World of Warcraft on , at least , a content level .
Does that change how you guys approach the game , or approach your own game anyway ?
J. Allen Brack :
Um , not really .
We are interested in making WoW the most fun game that we can make it and that ’s sort of been our philosophy for the last four years , it ’s going to continue to be our philosophy .
So , as far as Warhammer , I ’m excited to see more games come out , I ’m a gamer , I love playing games ...
Wired :
Have you played it ?
Brack : I have a copy .
I ’m going to play it over Thanksgiving .
I have n’t actually played it yet .
Wired :
It takes a bit of time to get into .
Brack : Right .
We have a couple of people on the team who play it .
Wired : Really ?
And they are n’t immediately fired for blaspheming against the company ?
Brack :
No , not at all .
Quite the opposite actually .
We ’re gamers .
We wanna play fun games .
So , if it ’s a good game and they ’re enjoying it , great .
We ’ve had people play D&D Online , Lord of the Rings Online , Age of Conan – we ’ve got lots of people who play lots of different types of games , both before WoW came out and after .
And not just MMOs either .
I ’m very personally excited about what Valve is doing and I play a lot of multiplayer games .
A lot of Team Fortress .
Wired :
You guys – Blizzard , the overarching company – has StarCraft II coming out theoretically soon , Diablo III coming out , also theoretically soon .
After you release Wrath of the Lich King this holiday season , is there going to be a lull in creating new content for World of Warcraft in an effort to prevent cannibalization of players who might otherwise go to StarCraft II or Diablo III ?
Brack : No .
Not at all .
The WoW team kinda operates as its own unit and then there ’s a Diablo team .
For us , I do n’t think that there ’s a lot of crossover , in terms of cannibalization .
If someone stops playing World of Warcraft and goes and plays StarCraft , ok great , it ’s not a big deal .
If someone stops playing World of Warcraft and plays Diablo , ok great .
I think people usually end up playing maybe one or two MMOs and they play other games on the side .
There does n’t seem to be any competition as far as we ’ve seen .
I ’m really excited to play StarCraft and Diablo both , and I ’ve played a lot of WoW and will continue to play a lot of WoW .
Wired :
What comes next for the game , content - wise after the 3.0 patch and after Wrath ?
Brack :
We 've started talking about what our content plan is for post - Wrath and the first thing we ’re going to work on is Ulduar Raid .
This will be a raid in the Storm Peaks , which is a Titan Zone .
It will be a full 25 - person / 10 - person raid , with I - do n’t - know how many bosses , but 10 , 12 bosses would not be a bad estimation .
We ’ll have several new quests that are going in as part of that , and then we ’ll add other stuff that we have n't really figured out yet .
The whole team ’s focus is on getting the 3.0 patch finished and then finishing up everything that needs to be done for Wrath of the Lich King .
As soon as that ’s done we ’ll start talking about what goes into 3.1 .
Wired :
So you guys do n't already have a plan for the next boxed expansion already ?
Brack :
Not at all .
We have some ideas for what the next boxed expansion could be and are kinda starting to talk about what that would look like , but its a long process to kind figure out – to go from “ anything ” and distill it down into “ okay , this is whats going to go in the box . ”
That ’s many , many months of discussion , sitting down and thinking about things and figuring out what worked in Wrath of the Lich King and figuring out what we want to improve ...
Wired : Right , but after Wrath and after The Burning Crusade , have n’t you guys already covered all of the lore and landmass accumulated in WarCrafts 1 - 3 ?
Are you creating something new ?
Brack :
Well we have n’t decided that , but ...
Wired :
Do you have that option ?
Brack :
We absolutely have that option .
Absolutely .
Technologically WoW – the world – appears as one giant continuous thing .
We ’ve got Outland which is kind of a separate entity and Northrend is kind of a separate entity as well , so yeah , we definitely can create new land .
Northrend , did not exist before we started working on it .
It was just a very long time ago , before the original game was released that they ’d done work on a couple of zones .
It ’s nowhere near what we have today .
Wired : I ’ve been playing the Wrath beta and I ’ve seen increasingly , as time goes on , there are more and more Deathknights .
Brack : Sure .
Wired : Everybody is rolling a Deathknight .
And it seems to me – I was discussing this last night with some people I ’ve been playing MMOs with for years – it seems that that class , more so than any other , is kinda like a multitool kinda thing .
You can do anything , right ?
It does n’t do it as well as some other classes , but it can fill any niche necessary .
Is that kinda the direction you guys are going for with the game , where the classes are more – I do n’t want to say " homogenized " – but there ’s less of a focus on needing certain special classes to fill certain special roles in each group ?
Brack :
There is a desire at least – and certainly in the case of the five person raids and kinda the 10 - man content – to really reduce the “ for this encounter you must have 3 warlocks , two warriors , and one healer ” and there 's a desire to do a lot less of class requirements .
If you are n't one of those special classes you have a serious disadvantage .
In the case of the Deathknight , the Deathknight started out as , its goal was to be a class that could tank effectively and a class that could DPS effectively – many classes have that ability .
many classes have two or more roles that it can fulfill , and the druid can fulfill four roles .
Yeah , the Deathknight does have a lot of ... it 's a hero .
if you 're a hero , you 're fantastic .
So yeah , the Deathknight does have those kind of things .
I hope it does them well .
But there 's no thought that a Deathknight is going to be the one class to rule them all .
The sort of design philosophy we had with it was “ epic ” in terms of how it feels , but equal in terms of its overall power compared to the other classes .
Wired :
When you guys create a new class like the Deathknight , even throughout the beta there have been drastic changes to the character with every patch .
In the Burning Crusade beta , when you introduced the Draenei , there were n't that many racial changes .
You guys have to do ridiculous amounts of balancing when you put in a class than , compared to , say , a race .
Brack : I would agree with that .
Wired :
So , because obviously at some point you ’re going to add something new , would it be safe to say that you ’ll do a new race next , just for ease of development ?
Brack : I do n't think that 's safe to say .
I think the way that we make decisions , once we ’re sure about the next expansion , is we ’ll talk about what the game needs .
What does the game need ?
With The Burning Crusade we wanted to add a “ pretty ” race for the Horde and we wanted to add an " ugly " race for the Alliance , at some point we decided we wanted to do the Shaman / Paladin swap for Horde and Alliance – which I think worked out pretty well – and so that is how we ’ll decide to do the next expansion as well : what are the possible ideas .
Y’know , the Deathknight was not the only class on the list that we came up with , so that will certainly be something that comes up was well :
What about adding another class ?
Some people will talk about adding another race and what that means .
Wired : All of Blizzard ’s games , particularly World of Warcraft , have been known for this “ dark , high - fantasy ” feel , but they ’ve also got a lot of humor and a lot of in - jokes that are just everywhere .
The whole zone of Un ’Goro jumps to mind .
How does stuff like that make it into the final build of the game ?
Everyone on the development team must think “ Oh !
We ’ve got a great idea for an in - joke ! ” but it 's stuff that they and two of their friends would actually understand .
Brack : [ Laughter ]
Wired :
How does the process go from someone having an idea to you guys saying “ Yes , we absolutely need to put that in the game ! ”
Brack : [ Pause ] Um ... that ’s a great question .
So , the development team is actually divided up into many subteams .
We 've got over 140 developers on World of Warcraft , but each individual team , we usually try to be like 5 people .
There are some exceptions to that .
Some teams have 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 people .
There are some teams that have fewer than that .
But 5ish people is kinda where we ’re trying to target .
The quest team is responsible for a whole bunch of content creation and they 're a very small team .
They all sit in a room and they can talk and make jokes and kinda bounce stuff off of each other and that ’s really ... a lot of the success of Blizzard ’s games is that level of interaction and polish .
We ’ve got the extra level designers who are kinda split up into two teams – these are the guys who have to create all the zones – and then we ’ve got the environment artists who are – this is a very small team – people who make skyboxes , people who make the concepts for zones .
We ’ve got another team that creates what we call the little environment objects like , we call them little doo - dads or the little props , like the chests or the fence posts or the little town decorations .
All these teams work together to come up with a vision for the zone .
As that discussion happens , and as people kinda figure out what the story for a particular zone is , that will lead you down certain paths and in the case of Un’ Goro , certainly , it lead us down the path of “ yeah , it should be a sister zone of Sholazar ” and the various things we came up with .
A lot of it is just creativity on the team , but it 's also just empowering those small teams to make the right decisions .
Wired : WoW is coming up on a half - decade of life .
Brack : Yeah !
It ’s freaky !
Wired : Yeah , it ’s obviously been doing really well for you guys .
Even though you wo n’t tell anyone what your subscriber numbers are , estimates range from the $ 70 to $ 150 million a month range ...
Brack : Okay .
Wired : [ Laughter ]
That was a very diplomatic way to answer that .
Brack : [ Laughter ]
Wired :
So everything is going well , but how long do you intend to keep the MMO going ?
Is it like “ as long as people are playing it ” or after 10 years are you just going to say “ screw it ” and close everything down ?
Brack : I ... have no idea .
Our outlook is for about the next two years of WoW .
We have ideas , we have a strong idea , of what we ’re going to be doing over the next few months , we have the next content patches that we ’re kinda talking about , we ’ve got this next expansion that we ’ll start to figure out what that is , but beyond that is where I have no idea .
Blizzard has a history of supporting products for a very long time .
WarCraft III is , I guess , 6 years old now and they just released a patch for it a couple months ago , so there ’s a lot of desire to keep Blizzard products alive and going .
Diablo II – people still play it a lot – WarCraft II is still supported on Battle . net , so yeah .
We ’re also historically pretty poor at predicting stuff like that .
We ’ll make this expansion , we ’ll see how that does and that will kinda inform our next decision .
I feel confident that there is another expansion around the corner .
Wired :
In theory it could go on indefinitely ?
Brack : Well , Ultima Online turned 11 this summer .
Meridian59 is even older than that – it actually shut down for a couple of years , but it has been going for quite a few years now – a lot of these games that have , I guess we ’ll call them “ first - generation MMOs , ” have been around a really long time .
Everquest still has a very rabid fanbase that continues to play it , and they still create expansions for Everquest , which is coming up on its 10 year anniversary .
It ’s hard to see us pulling the plug on World of Warcraft any time soon .
Correction :
The new raid is dubbed Ulduar .
We apologize for any confusion .
Two days after next week 's election , top conservatives will gather at the Virginia weekend home of one of the movement 's most prominent members to begin a conversation about their role in the GOP and how best to revive a party that may be out of power at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue next year .
The meeting will include a " who's who of conservative leaders -- economic , national security and social , " said one attendee , who shared initial word of the secret session only on the basis of anonymity and with some details about the host and location redacted .
The decision to waste no time in plotting their moves in the post - Bush era reflects the widely - held view among many on the right , and elsewhere , that the GOP is heading toward major losses next week .
One of the topics of discussion will be how to fashion a " national grassroots political and policy coalition similar to the out Reagan years , " said the attendee , a reference to the development of the so - called New Right apparatus following Jimmy Carter 's 1976 victory and Reagan 's election four years later .
" There 's a sense that the Republican Party is broken , but the conservative movement is not , " said this source , suggesting that it was the betrayal of some conservative principles by Bush and congressional leaders that led to the party 's decline .
But , this source emphasized , the meeting will be held regardless of the outcome of the presidential race .
" This is going on if McCain wins , loses or has a recount -- we 're not planning for the loss of John McCain . "
Either way , Sarah Palin will be a central part of discussion .
If the Arizona senator wins , the discussion will feature much talk of , " How do we work with this administration ? " said the attendee , an acknowledgement that conservatives wo n't always have a reliable ally in the Oval Office .
Under this scenario , Palin would be seen as their conduit to power .
“ She would be the conservative in the White House , ” is how the source put it .
Should McCain lose next Tuesday , the conversation will include who to groom as the next generation of conservative leaders – a list that will feature Palin at or near the top .
Individuals aside , the broader aim of the session is to assess where the party and movement stand after what is virtually certain to be the second consecutive election in which Democrats make gains .
The post - mortem will then lead way to a focus on what role conservatives play going forward both in the GOP and the political system ahead of the 2010 midterms
Few believe that the Republican party will respond to another brutal election by following a path of moderation , but conservatives are deeply dispirited and anxious to reassert the core values they believe have not always been followed by Bush , congressional leaders and their party ’s presidential nominee .
Many on the right , both elites and the rank - and - file , see a rudderless party that is in dire need of new blood and old principles : small government , a robust national security and unapologetic social conservatism .
Rush Limbaugh , a powerful figure in the party whose influence has spanned years of the GOP in and out of power , gave voice to this frustration Tuesday , saying candidly that " there is no elected or political leadership in Washington or in the Republican Party that people can rally around , "
Though they ’ve been unhappy for some time about the state of the party , the push by Bush , McCain and other party leaders to stem the credit crisis by bailing out Wall Street this fall represented the last straw .
It will almost certainly represent one of the first major fault lines in GOP ’s rebuilding process , with many in the party seizing upon the rescue as the most vivid illustration of a party gone astray .
That ‘s a topic sure to come up next week in the Virginia countryside , but also at two other post- election GOP gatherings ..
The Republican Governor ’s Association will convene their annual meeting the week after Election Day in Miami .
The get - together will feature panels on this election and look beyond ; “ The GOP In Transition ” is the title of one plenary session .
In addition to high - profile governors like host Charlie Crist , Texas ’s Rick Perry , Mississippi ’s Haley Barbour and South Carolina ’s Mark Sanford , other speakers will include former RNC chair Ed Gillespie , Rep. Mike Pence , Gen. Tommy Franks ( Ret. ) , Bill Kristol , Bill Bennett , Frank Luntz and Byron York .
Later that week , South Carolina GOP chairman Katon Dawson will host a gathering of state party leaders and other conservatives in Myrtle Beach .
Dawson , who is interested in becoming the next RNC chairman , said in an invitation to Republicans that the event would “ " discuss the lessons learned from the 2008 campaign , what we can do better and what it will take to win in 2010 . ”
comments closed
permalink
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Dow has hit three milestones in the past nine months : 12,000 last October , 13,000 in April and 14,000 on July 17 .
If you 've missed out on some of that lightning - speed run-up , you may feel one of two things :
Fear .
You 're sure if you buy stocks now , they 'll tumble soon after , leaving you with a big bill and not much value .
Greed .
You 're in the camp that thinks there 's still upside in the near term , so you want to make sure you do n't miss the next ride up .
Your best bet : " Ignore what the Dow is doing , " said certified financial planner James Whiddon , author of Wealth Without Worry and co-host of " The Investing Revolution " on Dallas - based WBAP.com .
Older investors tend to steer clear of high - milestone markets , while younger ones tend to be more eager to jump when they see stocks moving higher , Whiddon said .
But no one should be moving in and out of the market on short - term news or trends , and that includes recessions , which typically last eight - to 10 months .
With money you wo n't need for at least five years , " the best time to be in the market is always now , " Whiddon said .
That 's because trying to time the market may be more damaging to your portfolio long - term than taking an occasional bath on an investment .
If you 're a bear and feel like you want to wait for cheaper stock prices , consider this :
For every 20 - year and 30 - year rolling period since 1926 , there have been more up months for stocks than down ones , according to Ibbotson Associates .
And even over 10 - year rolling periods , there were only two in which the months of negative stock returns exceeded those of positive ones .
Missing out on those high - return months ( the timing of which you can't predict ) can cost you a lot .
A hundred dollars invested from 1926 to 2006 in the S&P 500 would have yielded $ 307,700 , according to Ibbotson .
But if you missed the 40 months with the highest returns you would have ended up with - no kidding - $ 1,823 .
Granted , most people do n't invest in the market for 80 years straight .
But the principle holds over shorter time frames .
Had you invested $ 100 in 1987 straight through 2006 you 'd have ended up with $ 931 .
Had you been out of the market for the 17 best trading months , however , you 'd have just $ 232 .
But if you 're a bull , keep in mind that the skeptics are n't crazy .
If you hopped into stocks during the peak trading month right before the 1929 crash , you would have gotten a 9.4 percent annual average return through 2006 , according to Ibbotson .
Not bad , but not as good as the 10.5 percent return you would have gotten if you 'd kept your money invested from 1926 through 2006 .
You 'll always be better off investing when stocks have fallen .
Bill Miller , manager of the Legg Mason Value Trust , told Money Magazine 's Jason Zweig , " rising stock prices mean lower future rates of return and falling stock prices mean higher rates of return .
So I was much happier in the summer of ' 02 when you buy everything on sale than I was in the spring of 2000 when a lot of things were super - expensive . "
( Bill Miller speaks ... from Money Magazine )
But , of course , you wo n't be able to predict when those sale days will occur .
So whether your impulse is to throw more money than usual into stocks now or , conversely , to steer clear , this may be one time when it pays to ignore your hunch .
The better step is to make sure you 're positioned to benefit whether or not there is more upside to stocks in the near - term .
That means keeping your portfolio well diversified , steadily investing the same amount of money every month so you 're likely to lower your average costs over time , and rebalancing your portfolio once a year to keep your chosen asset allocation on course .
( Get the rebalancing equation right . )
Unless , like Warren Buffett , you were " wired at birth to allocate capital , " you might use low - cost index funds to ensure you do as well as the total market over time or , if you 're investing for retirement , you might invest in a target - date retirement fund .
That type of fund automatically allocates your assets based on how close you are to retiring - the closer you are , the more conservative the allocation becomes .
" We need to be realistic , we can't challenge the system , even if we come close to controlling a delegation , they bend the rules or break the rules or ignore the rules , and they run rough shod over you , but that does n't mean that it should diminish our enthusiasm because what really counts are our ideas which are more powerful than all the shenanigans that they pull . "
- Steve Watson ( Interview w/ Ron Paul : " Obama Presidency Will Not Bring Change - All Three Remaining Candidates Beholden to the Military Industrial Complex " , InfoWars .
Net , 5.21.2008 .
Image : Iraq Pod Poster , Fork Screw Graphics , 2006 ) .
- General Douglas MacArthur ( Speech , 5.15.1951 ) - Leslie Forbes ( " Forming Tribalized Communities " Chapter II : Ending The Tyranny Survival of Fear , 2006 . ) INTERVIEW : Ron Paul , Ph.D , RE : Election 2008 , Democratic & Republican Candidates :( McCain , Obama , Clinton ) He went on to explain that the debate should not be over which of the three remaining candidates to pick , rather it should be over whether we want to continue to allow the politics they espouse to rule the roost or whether we want to change the country , restore the constitution and return to sound money .
In response to the revelations that the Congressman was a topic of concern amongst elites at the recent Trilateral Commission meeting in Washington , Dr. Paul was not surprised :
The Congressman spoke of the dangers of an elitist system that is beginning to lose its firm grip on the country : .
" The Congressman also responded to the news this week that a recording of former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has been discovered in which he says that another attack on America would act as ato the public 's lack of enthusiasm for the neo-con agenda .
I grew up in Iran and immigrated to US to avoid living in a theocracy .
Lately though , the trajectory of US politics is something to worry about , not only to me , but also to many others in my predicament .
Wednesday night at the Republican convention was an especially poignant moment .
I was watching Sarah Palin deliver her acceptance speech .
As I was watching her , her family , and her adoring fans in the Republican convention , I could not overcome a feeling that I have seen this scene before …
Right after the Revolution in Iran and the establishment of the Islamic Republic , the Iran - Iraq war was started .
To be fair , Iraq started that war , but the new revolutionary leaders of Iran saw the war as a godsend .
They milked it for all it was worth .
They labeled anyone against the war as a traitor or unpatriotic .
Anyone who suggested that there may be a negotiated settlement was ridiculed and purged from power .
Even Ayatollah Khomeini once said that this war is a blessing from God himself .
You may see the parallels here already , but keep reading .
One of the problems the government faced was opposition from legions of mothers whose sons had been maimed or died in the war .
To confront this problem , the government - controlled TV would parade a mother whose son had died in the war in front of the TV on a regular basis .
Invariably , this " show mom " would be carrying an infant child and a few other siblings with her .
And invariably , she would say something to the effect that " I have given one child to this ‘ sacred ’ war , and I am ready to give the next one . "
Almost always , there would be an adoring crowd who would follow her statements by chants of " Allaho - Akbar " ( God is Great ) .
And again invariably , her statements would follow by a not - so - veiled threat from her and the adoring crowd .
She would say something like " I and my family would not tolerate traitors and betrayals to the faith and country " .
Then the crowd would break into several standard chants such as " Death to traitors " or " War , war , until victory . "
Sarah Palin was much better dressed than the average show mom paraded on Iranian TV more than 20 years ago .
The show moms were typically dressed in a black veil .
But that s about the biggest difference .
The rhetoric was eerily familiar .
When she was finished , I knew I had seen her before .
Only that it wasnt her .
It was her ideological predecessors at a different time in a different country .
Now , I am not a politician .
I just cannot understand the need to drag a child afflicted with Down syndrome in front of national TV at 10:00 pm .
Is that good for him ?
Or does the need to rally the base trump the needs of a child ?
Whatever the explanation , I am sure I have seen that child when he was carried in the arms of the Iranian show moms for the cameras .
So much for family values .
And then I wake the next morning and read that Sarah Palin is quoted as saying that the Iraq war is a " task that is from God . "
It s like déjà - vu all over again .
When did America become Nazi Germany ?
I mean seriously ..... How far gone is America when police can deploy a taser on an injured 16 year old boy with a broken back nineteen times with 50,000 volts and nobody out there seems to care ?
Ozark Police Captain Thomas Rousset attempted to " justify " the horrific actions of his police department by saying :
“ He refused to comply with the officers and so the officers had to deploy their Tasers in order to subdue him .
" Unbelievable .
Check out this video report :
hide this
check help page for viewing portal_lost .
swf in full screen Check this help doh : shit ( March 26 , 2008 , 5:27 pm ) Humpas : F - A - I - L ! ( March 26 , 2008 , 6:26 pm ) videogamefreak : i finally beat lvl 1 , okay you gotta wait 80 minutes and then you have to shoot the apple .
take the key and you win lvl 1 . ( March 26 , 2008 , 7:19 pm ) Damankee : I love this song ( March 27 , 2008 , 5:12 pm ) ukki : what game ?
( March 27 , 2008 , 6:55 pm ) Tessa : Portal ?
( March 27 , 2008 , 7:29 pm ) : http://xkcd.com/391/
( March 27 , 2008 , 9:42 pm ) kadr : > 7
Xkcd should stick to doing physics jokes , and stop trying to be " internet culture cool " .
That 's when he fails hard .
( March 28 , 2008 , 9:10 pm ) Failguy : Damnit ( April 6 , 2008 , 7:57 pm ) puffy : such crap .
( April 11 , 2008 , 10:01 pm ) weighted storage cube : lawl I love this song 8D ( April 8 , 2009 , 9:07 pm ) ._. : i love that ( April 22 , 2011 , 11:26 am ) I99 : F**KING HELL !!!
( June 13 , 2011 , 2:51 pm )
All comments can be found from here : Comments for portal_lost .
swf ( loop - epilepsy - lost the game ) Navigation : Dagobah Flash Gallery Tags for portal_lost.swf : loop - epilepsy - lost the game Flash Gallery
Future Electronics Could Be Powered by Sugar
October 8th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Finally , scientists have come up with a way to combine my two favorite things : music and sugar .
Japanese researchers report in the latest issue of Energy and Environmental Science that they have created a biofuel cell that uses enzymes to break down sugars .
Four of the cells combined produce 100 milliwatts of power — enough to run an MP3 player with speakers or a remote - controlled car .
Each cell consists of an anode and cathode separated by a proton - conducting membrane .
Sugar — or another renewable fuel — is oxidized at the nanode , where it generates electrons and protons .
The electrons and protons then combine with oxygen at the cathode to form water .
The researchers amped up the cell ’s energy output by using an electron transfer mediator to move electrons between the electrodes and enzymes .
The Japanese biofuel cell is the first to have an energy output high enough for practical applications , so hopefully it will unleash a flurry of interest in the field .
And who knows — in the future , you may power even larger electronics with biofuel cells .
Photo Credit : RSC Publishing
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
One of the pigeons was caught near a rose water production plant in the city of Kashan in Isfahan province , the Etemad Melli newspaper reported .
It said that some metal rings and " invisible " strings were attached to the bird , suggesting that it might have been somehow communicating what it had seen with the equipment it was carrying .
Colin Powell 's endorsement of Barack Obama not only was a vote of confidence in the Democratic candidate but also a sharp critique of the direction of the Republican party .
Powell echoed the backlash by many moderate Republicans against the social conservatives that have come to dominate the party 's politics .
Colin Powell is not the only moderate Republican who is concerned with the direction of his party .
In Arizona , I spoke with Slade Mead , who writes the blog The Dry Heat .
In 2002 , he ran as a pro-public education candidate and was elected to the Arizona Senate .
But after his election , he recalls a discussion of the Republican caucus where members asked : " How do we dismantle public schools ? "
" My blood ran cold .
I could n't believe that I was listening to this conversation .
I believe that the strength of our system is an educated populace , " he said .
The Republican caucus wanted to dismantle public education to save money and to give vouchers to parents so they could send their children to religious or charter schools .
Mormon 's make up 18 % of the population in Arizona , and they represent a strong conservative bloc in Arizona politics , he added .
" Their goal is a faith - based school system . "
" I got disgusted .
I could n't look myself in the mirror after coming out of those meetings , " he added , and he finally broke ranks against the budget his party proposed .
He was exiled from the Republican party and lost a bitterly fought primary campaign in the next election .
In neighbouring New Mexico , a veteran Republican told me how social conservatives had pushed moderates out of positions of power in the party .
He would n't go on the record because he said , " They have an interesting way of of punishing the messenger . "
When I asked him to elaborate , he said : " They will try to kill your business . "
It has left little room for Republicans who focus on fiscal issues and pragmatic policies , he said .
The philosophy of moderate Republicans is compassionate conservatism .
While moderate Republicans may not support government giveaway programmes , they do support programmes that help people to help themselves .
He 's quick to point that activists have taken over both parties from time to time , eventually forcing the parties from power and bringing about a realignment .
New Mexican political blogger Joe Monahan said that this election could lead to Republicans being out of power for a generation .
" Republicans have ceded the economic edge in this recession , " he said .
And traditional social wedge issues such as gay marriage or abortion wo n't have much traction .
" The ultimate wedge issues is fear and whether you have a roof over your head .
It will change the face of this country for a lifetime , " he said .
The Guardian 's Suzanne Goldenberg is speaking to religious conservatives in Colorado Springs .
On Tuesday , she reports how they are preparing for defeat and asking what went wrong .
Creative not Bitter is the best way I can describe Yes We Carve which in 2008 brings together Presidential Politics and Halloween around good old pumpkin carving .
Beyond the theme , Yes We Carve reminds us that there are fun activities that do not require a big setup ,
Just a good pumpkin , a carving knife , you and your imagination .
The folksy video above illustrates the project .
Not into politics , carve a portrait of your dog , your favorite Manga character , Johnny Bunko maybe .
The possibilities are endless .
Thanks to Xeni Jardin for putting this on my map .
More Halloween 2008 stories : Giant Sewer Rats , Severed Chocolate Fingers : Halloween Candy Collection at Hope and Greenwood , London
Since World War II , inflation -- the apparently inexorable rise in the prices of goods and services -- has been the bane of central bankers .
Economists of various stripes have argued that inflation is the inevitable result of ( pick your favorite ) the abandonment of metallic monetary standards , a lack of fiscal discipline , shocks to the price of oil and other commodities , struggles over the distribution of income , excessive money creation , self - confirming inflation expectations , an " inflation bias " in the policies of central banks , and still others .
Despite widespread " inflation pessimism , " however , during the 1980s and 1990s most industrial - country central banks were able to cage , if not entirely tame , the inflation dragon .
Although a number of factors converged to make this happy outcome possible , an essential element was the heightened understanding by central bankers and , equally as important , by political leaders and the public at large of the very high costs of allowing the economy to stray too far from price stability .
With inflation rates now quite low in the United States , however , some have expressed concern that we may soon face a new problem -- the danger of deflation , or falling prices .
That this concern is not purely hypothetical is brought home to us whenever we read newspaper reports about Japan , where what seems to be a relatively moderate deflation - - a decline in consumer prices of about 1 percent per year -- has been associated with years of painfully slow growth , rising joblessness , and apparently intractable financial problems in the banking and corporate sectors .
While it is difficult to sort out cause from effect , the consensus view is that deflation has been an important negative factor in the Japanese slump .
So , is deflation a threat to the economic health of the United States ?
Not to leave you in suspense , I believe that the chance of significant deflation in the United States in the foreseeable future is extremely small , for two principal reasons .
The first is the resilience and structural stability of the U.S. economy itself .
Over the years , the U.S. economy has shown a remarkable ability to absorb shocks of all kinds , to recover , and to continue to grow .
Flexible and efficient markets for labor and capital , an entrepreneurial tradition , and a general willingness to tolerate and even embrace technological and economic change all contribute to this resiliency .
A particularly important protective factor in the current environment is the strength of our financial system :
Despite the adverse shocks of the past year , our banking system remains healthy and well - regulated , and firm and household balance sheets are for the most part in good shape .
Also helpful is that inflation has recently been not only low but quite stable , with one result being that inflation expectations seem well anchored .
For example , according to the University of Michigan survey that underlies the index of consumer sentiment , the median expected rate of inflation during the next five to ten years among those interviewed was 2.9 percent in October 2002 , as compared with 2.7 percent a year earlier and 3.0 percent two years earlier - - a stable record indeed .
The second bulwark against deflation in the United States , and the one that will be the focus of my remarks today , is the Federal Reserve System itself .
The Congress has given the Fed the responsibility of preserving price stability ( among other objectives ) , which most definitely implies avoiding deflation as well as inflation .
I am confident that the Fed would take whatever means necessary to prevent significant deflation in the United States and , moreover , that the U.S. central bank , in cooperation with other parts of the government as needed , has sufficient policy instruments to ensure that any deflation that might occur would be both mild and brief .
Of course , we must take care lest confidence become over - confidence .
Deflationary episodes are rare , and generalization about them is difficult .
Indeed , a recent Federal Reserve study of the Japanese experience concluded that the deflation there was almost entirely unexpected , by both foreign and Japanese observers alike ( Ahearne et al. , 2002 ) .
So , having said that deflation in the United States is highly unlikely , I would be imprudent to rule out the possibility altogether .
Accordingly , I want to turn to a further exploration of the causes of deflation , its economic effects , and the policy instruments that can be deployed against it .
Before going further I should say that my comments today reflect my own views only and are not necessarily those of my colleagues on the Board of Governors or the Federal Open Market Committee .
Deflation : Its Causes and Effects
Deflation is defined as a general decline in prices , with emphasis on the word " general . "
At any given time , especially in a low - inflation economy like that of our recent experience , prices of some goods and services will be falling .
Price declines in a specific sector may occur because productivity is rising and costs are falling more quickly in that sector than elsewhere or because the demand for the output of that sector is weak relative to the demand for other goods and services .
Sector - specific price declines , uncomfortable as they may be for producers in that sector , are generally not a problem for the economy as a whole and do not constitute deflation .
Deflation per se occurs only when price declines are so widespread that broad - based indexes of prices , such as the consumer price index , register ongoing declines .
The sources of deflation are not a mystery .
Deflation is in almost all cases a side effect of a collapse of aggregate demand - - a drop in spending so severe that producers must cut prices on an ongoing basis in order to find buyers .
1
Likewise , the economic effects of a deflationary episode , for the most part , are similar to those of any other sharp decline in aggregate spending -- namely , recession , rising unemployment , and financial stress .
However , a deflationary recession may differ in one respect from " normal " recessions in which the inflation rate is at least modestly positive : Deflation of sufficient magnitude may result in the nominal interest rate declining to zero or very close to zero .2
Once the nominal interest rate is at zero , no further downward adjustment in the rate can occur , since lenders generally will not accept a negative nominal interest rate when it is possible instead to hold cash .
At this point , the nominal interest rate is said to have hit the " zero bound . "
Deflation great enough to bring the nominal interest rate close to zero poses special problems for the economy and for policy .
First , when the nominal interest rate has been reduced to zero , the real interest rate paid by borrowers equals the expected rate of deflation , however large that may be .3
To take what might seem like an extreme example ( though in fact it occurred in the United States in the early 1930s ) , suppose that deflation is proceeding at a clip of 10 percent per year .
Then someone who borrows for a year at a nominal interest rate of zero actually faces a 10 percent real cost of funds , as the loan must be repaid in dollars whose purchasing power is 10 percent greater than that of the dollars borrowed originally .
In a period of sufficiently severe deflation , the real cost of borrowing becomes prohibitive .
Capital investment , purchases of new homes , and other types of spending decline accordingly , worsening the economic downturn .
Although deflation and the zero bound on nominal interest rates create a significant problem for those seeking to borrow , they impose an even greater burden on households and firms that had accumulated substantial debt before the onset of the deflation .
This burden arises because , even if debtors are able to refinance their existing obligations at low nominal interest rates , with prices falling they must still repay the principal in dollars of increasing ( perhaps rapidly increasing ) real value .
When William Jennings Bryan made his famous " cross of gold " speech in his 1896 presidential campaign , he was speaking on behalf of heavily mortgaged farmers whose debt burdens were growing ever larger in real terms , the result of a sustained deflation that followed America 's post - Civil - War return to the gold standard .
4
The financial distress of debtors can , in turn , increase the fragility of the nation 's financial system -- for example , by leading to a rapid increase in the share of bank loans that are delinquent or in default .
Japan in recent years has certainly faced the problem of " debt - deflation " -- the deflation - induced , ever - increasing real value of debts .
Closer to home , massive financial problems , including defaults , bankruptcies , and bank failures , were endemic in America 's worst encounter with deflation , in the years 1930 - 33 - - a period in which ( as I mentioned ) the U.S. price level fell about 10 percent per year .
Beyond its adverse effects in financial markets and on borrowers , the zero bound on the nominal interest rate raises another concern -- the limitation that it places on conventional monetary policy .
Under normal conditions , the Fed and most other central banks implement policy by setting a target for a short - term interest rate -- the overnight federal funds rate in the United States -- and enforcing that target by buying and selling securities in open capital markets .
When the short - term interest rate hits zero , the central bank can no longer ease policy by lowering its usual interest - rate target .
5
Because central banks conventionally conduct monetary policy by manipulating the short - term nominal interest rate , some observers have concluded that when that key rate stands at or near zero , the central bank has " run out of ammunition " -- that is , it no longer has the power to expand aggregate demand and hence economic activity .
It is true that once the policy rate has been driven down to zero , a central bank can no longer use its traditional means of stimulating aggregate demand and thus will be operating in less familiar territory .
The central bank 's inability to use its traditional methods may complicate the policymaking process and introduce uncertainty in the size and timing of the economy 's response to policy actions .
Hence I agree that the situation is one to be avoided if possible .
However , a principal message of my talk today is that a central bank whose accustomed policy rate has been forced down to zero has most definitely not run out of ammunition .
As I will discuss , a central bank , either alone or in cooperation with other parts of the government , retains considerable power to expand aggregate demand and economic activity even when its accustomed policy rate is at zero .
In the remainder of my talk , I will first discuss measures for preventing deflation -- the preferable option if feasible .
I will then turn to policy measures that the Fed and other government authorities can take if prevention efforts fail and deflation appears to be gaining a foothold in the economy .
Preventing Deflation
As I have already emphasized , deflation is generally the result of low and falling aggregate demand .
The basic prescription for preventing deflation is therefore straightforward , at least in principle :
Use monetary and fiscal policy as needed to support aggregate spending , in a manner as nearly consistent as possible with full utilization of economic resources and low and stable inflation .
In other words , the best way to get out of trouble is not to get into it in the first place .
Beyond this commonsense injunction , however , there are several measures that the Fed ( or any central bank ) can take to reduce the risk of falling into deflation .
First , the Fed should try to preserve a buffer zone for the inflation rate , that is , during normal times it should not try to push inflation down all the way to zero .6
Most central banks seem to understand the need for a buffer zone .
For example , central banks with explicit inflation targets almost invariably set their target for inflation above zero , generally between 1 and 3 percent per year .
Maintaining an inflation buffer zone reduces the risk that a large , unanticipated drop in aggregate demand will drive the economy far enough into deflationary territory to lower the nominal interest rate to zero .
Of course , this benefit of having a buffer zone for inflation must be weighed against the costs associated with allowing a higher inflation rate in normal times .
Second , the Fed should take most seriously -- as of course it does - - its responsibility to ensure financial stability in the economy .
Irving Fisher ( 1933 ) was perhaps the first economist to emphasize the potential connections between violent financial crises , which lead to " fire sales " of assets and falling asset prices , with general declines in aggregate demand and the price level .
A healthy , well capitalized banking system and smoothly functioning capital markets are an important line of defense against deflationary shocks .
The Fed should and does use its regulatory and supervisory powers to ensure that the financial system will remain resilient if financial conditions change rapidly .
And at times of extreme threat to financial stability , the Federal Reserve stands ready to use the discount window and other tools to protect the financial system , as it did during the 1987 stock market crash and the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Third , as suggested by a number of studies , when inflation is already low and the fundamentals of the economy suddenly deteriorate , the central bank should act more preemptively and more aggressively than usual in cutting rates ( Orphanides and Wieland , 2000 ; Reifschneider and Williams , 2000 ; Ahearne et al. , 2002 ) .
By moving decisively and early , the Fed may be able to prevent the economy from slipping into deflation , with the special problems that entails .
As I have indicated , I believe that the combination of strong economic fundamentals and policymakers that are attentive to downside as well as upside risks to inflation make significant deflation in the United States in the foreseeable future quite unlikely .
But suppose that , despite all precautions , deflation were to take hold in the U.S. economy and , moreover , that the Fed 's policy instrument -- the federal funds rate -- were to fall to zero .
What then ?
In the remainder of my talk I will discuss some possible options for stopping a deflation once it has gotten under way .
I should emphasize that my comments on this topic are necessarily speculative , as the modern Federal Reserve has never faced this situation nor has it pre-committed itself formally to any specific course of action should deflation arise .
Furthermore , the specific responses the Fed would undertake would presumably depend on a number of factors , including its assessment of the whole range of risks to the economy and any complementary policies being undertaken by other parts of the U.S. government .
7 Curing Deflation
Let me start with some general observations about monetary policy at the zero bound , sweeping under the rug for the moment some technical and operational issues .
As I have mentioned , some observers have concluded that when the central bank 's policy rate falls to zero -- its practical minimum -- monetary policy loses its ability to further stimulate aggregate demand and the economy .
At a broad conceptual level , and in my view in practice as well , this conclusion is clearly mistaken .
Indeed , under a fiat ( that is , paper ) money system , a government ( in practice , the central bank in cooperation with other agencies ) should always be able to generate increased nominal spending and inflation , even when the short - term nominal interest rate is at zero .
The conclusion that deflation is always reversible under a fiat money system follows from basic economic reasoning .
A little parable may prove useful : Today an ounce of gold sells for $ 300 , more or less .
Now suppose that a modern alchemist solves his subject 's oldest problem by finding a way to produce unlimited amounts of new gold at essentially no cost .
Moreover , his invention is widely publicized and scientifically verified , and he announces his intention to begin massive production of gold within days .
What would happen to the price of gold ?
Presumably , the potentially unlimited supply of cheap gold would cause the market price of gold to plummet .
Indeed , if the market for gold is to any degree efficient , the price of gold would collapse immediately after the announcement of the invention , before the alchemist had produced and marketed a single ounce of yellow metal .
What has this got to do with monetary policy ?
Like gold , U.S. dollars have value only to the extent that they are strictly limited in supply .
But the U.S. government has a technology , called a printing press ( or , today , its electronic equivalent ) , that allows it to produce as many U.S. dollars as it wishes at essentially no cost .
By increasing the number of U.S. dollars in circulation , or even by credibly threatening to do so , the U.S. government can also reduce the value of a dollar in terms of goods and services , which is equivalent to raising the prices in dollars of those goods and services .
We conclude that , under a paper - money system , a determined government can always generate higher spending and hence positive inflation .
Of course , the U.S. government is not going to print money and distribute it willy - nilly ( although as we will see later , there are practical policies that approximate this behavior ) .
8
Normally , money is injected into the economy through asset purchases by the Federal Reserve .
To stimulate aggregate spending when short - term interest rates have reached zero , the Fed must expand the scale of its asset purchases or , possibly , expand the menu of assets that it buys .
Alternatively , the Fed could find other ways of injecting money into the system -- for example , by making low - interest - rate loans to banks or cooperating with the fiscal authorities .
Each method of adding money to the economy has advantages and drawbacks , both technical and economic .
One important concern in practice is that calibrating the economic effects of nonstandard means of injecting money may be difficult , given our relative lack of experience with such policies .
Thus , as I have stressed already , prevention of deflation remains preferable to having to cure it .
If we do fall into deflation , however , we can take comfort that the logic of the printing press example must assert itself , and sufficient injections of money will ultimately always reverse a deflation .
So what then might the Fed do if its target interest rate , the overnight federal funds rate , fell to zero ?
One relatively straightforward extension of current procedures would be to try to stimulate spending by lowering rates further out along the Treasury term structure -- that is , rates on government bonds of longer maturities .
9
There are at least two ways of bringing down longer - term rates , which are complementary and could be employed separately or in combination .
One approach , similar to an action taken in the past couple of years by the Bank of Japan , would be for the Fed to commit to holding the overnight rate at zero for some specified period .
Because long - term interest rates represent averages of current and expected future short - term rates , plus a term premium , a commitment to keep short - term rates at zero for some time -- if it were credible - - would induce a decline in longer - term rates .
A more direct method , which I personally prefer , would be for the Fed to begin announcing explicit ceilings for yields on longer - maturity Treasury debt ( say , bonds maturing within the next two years ) .
The Fed could enforce these interest - rate ceilings by committing to make unlimited purchases of securities up to two years from maturity at prices consistent with the targeted yields .
If this program were successful , not only would yields on medium - term Treasury securities fall , but ( because of links operating through expectations of future interest rates ) yields on longer - term public and private debt ( such as mortgages ) would likely fall as well .
Lower rates over the maturity spectrum of public and private securities should strengthen aggregate demand in the usual ways and thus help to end deflation .
Of course , if operating in relatively short - dated Treasury debt proved insufficient , the Fed could also attempt to cap yields of Treasury securities at still longer maturities , say three to six years .
Yet another option would be for the Fed to use its existing authority to operate in the markets for agency debt ( for example , mortgage - backed securities issued by Ginnie Mae , the Government National Mortgage Association ) .
Historical experience tends to support the proposition that a sufficiently determined Fed can peg or cap Treasury bond prices and yields at other than the shortest maturities .
The most striking episode of bond - price pegging occurred during the years before the Federal Reserve - Treasury Accord of 1951.10 Prior to that agreement , which freed the Fed from its responsibility to fix yields on government debt , the Fed maintained a ceiling of 2 - 1/ 2 percent on long - term Treasury bonds for nearly a decade .
Moreover , it simultaneously established a ceiling on the twelve - month Treasury certificate of between 7/8 percent to 1 - 1/ 4 percent and , during the first half of that period , a rate of 3/8 percent on the 90 - day Treasury bill .
The Fed was able to achieve these low interest rates despite a level of outstanding government debt ( relative to GDP ) significantly greater than we have today , as well as inflation rates substantially more variable .
At times , in order to enforce these low rates , the Fed had actually to purchase the bulk of outstanding 90 - day bills .
Interestingly , though , the Fed enforced the 2 - 1/ 2 percent ceiling on long - term bond yields for nearly a decade without ever holding a substantial share of long - maturity bonds outstanding .
11
For example , the Fed held 7.0 percent of outstanding Treasury securities in 1945 and 9.2 percent in 1951 ( the year of the Accord ) , almost entirely in the form of 90 - day bills .
For comparison , in 2001 the Fed held 9.7 percent of the stock of outstanding Treasury debt .
To repeat , I suspect that operating on rates on longer - term Treasuries would provide sufficient leverage for the Fed to achieve its goals in most plausible scenarios .
If lowering yields on longer - dated Treasury securities proved insufficient to restart spending , however , the Fed might next consider attempting to influence directly the yields on privately issued securities .
Unlike some central banks , and barring changes to current law , the Fed is relatively restricted in its ability to buy private securities directly .
12 However , the Fed does have broad powers to lend to the private sector indirectly via banks , through the discount window .13
Therefore a second policy option , complementary to operating in the markets for Treasury and agency debt , would be for the Fed to offer fixed - term loans to banks at low or zero interest , with a wide range of private assets ( including , among others , corporate bonds , commercial paper , bank loans , and mortgages ) deemed eligible as collateral .
14
For example , the Fed might make 90 - day or 180 - day zero - interest loans to banks , taking corporate commercial paper of the same maturity as collateral .
Pursued aggressively , such a program could significantly reduce liquidity and term premiums on the assets used as collateral .
Reductions in these premiums would lower the cost of capital both to banks and the nonbank private sector , over and above the beneficial effect already conferred by lower interest rates on government securities .
15 The Fed can inject money into the economy in still other ways .
For example , the Fed has the authority to buy foreign government debt , as well as domestic government debt .
Potentially , this class of assets offers huge scope for Fed operations , as the quantity of foreign assets eligible for purchase by the Fed is several times the stock of U.S. government debt .16 I need to tread carefully here .
Because the economy is a complex and interconnected system , Fed purchases of the liabilities of foreign governments have the potential to affect a number of financial markets , including the market for foreign exchange .
In the United States , the Department of the Treasury , not the Federal Reserve , is the lead agency for making international economic policy , including policy toward the dollar ; and the Secretary of the Treasury has expressed the view that the determination of the value of the U.S. dollar should be left to free market forces .
Moreover , since the United States is a large , relatively closed economy , manipulating the exchange value of the dollar would not be a particularly desirable way to fight domestic deflation , particularly given the range of other options available .
Thus , I want to be absolutely clear that I am today neither forecasting nor recommending any attempt by U.S. policymakers to target the international value of the dollar .
Although a policy of intervening to affect the exchange value of the dollar is nowhere on the horizon today , it 's worth noting that there have been times when exchange rate policy has been an effective weapon against deflation .
A striking example from U.S. history is Franklin Roosevelt 's 40 percent devaluation of the dollar against gold in 1933 - 34 , enforced by a program of gold purchases and domestic money creation .
The devaluation and the rapid increase in money supply it permitted ended the U.S. deflation remarkably quickly .
Indeed , consumer price inflation in the United States , year on year , went from - 10.3 percent in 1932 to - 5.1 percent in 1933 to 3.4 percent in 1934.17
The economy grew strongly , and by the way , 1934 was one of the best years of the century for the stock market .
If nothing else , the episode illustrates that monetary actions can have powerful effects on the economy , even when the nominal interest rate is at or near zero , as was the case at the time of Roosevelt 's devaluation .
Fiscal Policy
Each of the policy options I have discussed so far involves the Fed 's acting on its own .
In practice , the effectiveness of anti-deflation policy could be significantly enhanced by cooperation between the monetary and fiscal authorities .
A broad - based tax cut , for example , accommodated by a program of open - market purchases to alleviate any tendency for interest rates to increase , would almost certainly be an effective stimulant to consumption and hence to prices .
Even if households decided not to increase consumption but instead re-balanced their portfolios by using their extra cash to acquire real and financial assets , the resulting increase in asset values would lower the cost of capital and improve the balance sheet positions of potential borrowers .
A money - financed tax cut is essentially equivalent to Milton Friedman 's famous " helicopter drop " of money .
18 Of course , in lieu of tax cuts or increases in transfers the government could increase spending on current goods and services or even acquire existing real or financial assets .
If the Treasury issued debt to purchase private assets and the Fed then purchased an equal amount of Treasury debt with newly created money , the whole operation would be the economic equivalent of direct open - market operations in private assets .
Japan
The claim that deflation can be ended by sufficiently strong action has no doubt led you to wonder , if that is the case , why has Japan not ended its deflation ?
The Japanese situation is a complex one that I cannot fully discuss today .
I will just make two brief , general points .
First , as you know , Japan 's economy faces some significant barriers to growth besides deflation , including massive financial problems in the banking and corporate sectors and a large overhang of government debt .
Plausibly , private - sector financial problems have muted the effects of the monetary policies that have been tried in Japan , even as the heavy overhang of government debt has made Japanese policymakers more reluctant to use aggressive fiscal policies ( for evidence see , for example , Posen , 1998 ) .
Fortunately , the U.S. economy does not share these problems , at least not to anything like the same degree , suggesting that anti-deflationary monetary and fiscal policies would be more potent here than they have been in Japan .
Second , and more important , I believe that , when all is said and done , the failure to end deflation in Japan does not necessarily reflect any technical infeasibility of achieving that goal .
Rather , it is a byproduct of a longstanding political debate about how best to address Japan 's overall economic problems .
As the Japanese certainly realize , both restoring banks and corporations to solvency and implementing significant structural change are necessary for Japan 's long - run economic health .
But in the short run , comprehensive economic reform will likely impose large costs on many , for example , in the form of unemployment or bankruptcy .
As a natural result , politicians , economists , businesspeople , and the general public in Japan have sharply disagreed about competing proposals for reform .
In the resulting political deadlock , strong policy actions are discouraged , and cooperation among policymakers is difficult to achieve .
In short , Japan 's deflation problem is real and serious ; but , in my view , political constraints , rather than a lack of policy instruments , explain why its deflation has persisted for as long as it has .
Thus , I do not view the Japanese experience as evidence against the general conclusion that U.S. policymakers have the tools they need to prevent , and , if necessary , to cure a deflationary recession in the United States .
Conclusion
Sustained deflation can be highly destructive to a modern economy and should be strongly resisted .
Fortunately , for the foreseeable future , the chances of a serious deflation in the United States appear remote indeed , in large part because of our economy 's underlying strengths but also because of the determination of the Federal Reserve and other U.S. policymakers to act preemptively against deflationary pressures .
Moreover , as I have discussed today , a variety of policy responses are available should deflation appear to be taking hold .
Because some of these alternative policy tools are relatively less familiar , they may raise practical problems of implementation and of calibration of their likely economic effects .
For this reason , as I have emphasized , prevention of deflation is preferable to cure .
Nevertheless , I hope to have persuaded you that the Federal Reserve and other economic policymakers would be far from helpless in the face of deflation , even should the federal funds rate hit its zero bound .19
References Ahearne , Alan , Joseph Gagnon , Jane Haltmaier , Steve Kamin , and others , " Preventing Deflation : Lessons from Japan 's Experiences in the 1990s , " Board of Governors , International Finance Discussion Paper No. 729 , June 2002 .
Clouse , James , Dale Henderson , Athanasios Orphanides , David Small , and Peter Tinsley , " Monetary Policy When the Nominal Short - term Interest Rate Is Zero , " Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , Finance and Economics Discussion Series No. 2000 - 51 , November 2000 .
Eichengreen , Barry , and Peter M. Garber , " Before the Accord : U.S. Monetary - Financial Policy , 1945 - 51 , " in R. Glenn Hubbard , ed. , Financial Markets and Financial Crises , Chicago : University of Chicago Press for NBER , 1991 .
Eggertson , Gauti , " How to Fight Deflation in a Liquidity Trap : Committing to Being Irresponsible , " unpublished paper , International Monetary Fund , October 2002 .
Fisher , Irving , " The Debt - Deflation Theory of Great Depressions , " Econometrica ( March 1933 ) pp. 337-57 .
Hetzel , Robert L. and Ralph F. Leach , " The Treasury - Fed Accord : A New Narrative Account , " Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , Economic Quarterly ( Winter 2001 ) pp. 33 -55 .
Orphanides , Athanasios and Volker Wieland , " Efficient Monetary Design Near Price Stability , " Journal of the Japanese and International Economies ( 2000 ) pp. 327-65 .
Posen , Adam S. , Restoring Japan's Economic Growth , Washington , D.C. : Institute for International Economics , 1998 .
Reifschneider , David , and John C. Williams , " Three Lessons for Monetary Policy in a Low - Inflation Era , " Journal of Money , Credit , and Banking ( November 2000 ) Part 2 pp. 936-66 .
Toma , Mark , " Interest Rate Controls : The United States in the 1940s , " Journal of Economic History ( September 1992 ) pp. 631-50 .
The Crown Season 4 Debuts First Look Photos of Gillian Anderson as Thatcher and Emma Corin as Princess Diana
This is shaping up to be the juiciest and most tumultuous season yet
